Carl Blakeley, who portrayed far-right gang member Ollie Deacon on Coronation Street, has already filmed his final scenes for the ITV soap. The Northern actor took to his social media to pay tribute to the cast and crew he has worked alongside since making his cobbles debut. The Coronation Street villain shared a series of behind-the-scenes snaps on his Instagram account on Sunday about his soap exit. He wrote a lengthy caption underneath the photographs of his time on the show to thank everyone he worked with on set. Carl penned: “Joining the cobbles in August was a dream come true and I’ve had the most amazing experience on the show. “It’s reinvigorated my love for working in TV and I just wanna say cheers to the producers, crew, directors, as well as @gillywalshy and the @corriemakeup crew I’ve worked with over the last few months. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments “Obviously, a massive thanks to everyone I’ve worked alongside in front of the camera too, but specifically to @belfastmikey77, @itslukedelaney, @scott_anson_, @paddybever, @caitfitt0n, @twana.0121_ and @martinhancock22. “You guys made everyday fun and I couldn’t have asked for a better team to work with.” His character Ollie was the youngest member of the terror group which groomed Max Turner (played by Paddy Bever). He was often teased and brainwashed by the group's vile leader Griff Reynolds (Michael Condron).  Carl's Instagram was flooded with well-wishes following his leaving announcement. Scott Anson said: "An absolute pleasure working with such an awesome team, miss you guys." Jlag added: "You absolutely smashed it, mate. Was so stoked every time I saw you." Nicole said: "You did such an amazing and incredible job as your character in Corrie."  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Dee-Dee spills on soap as fans 'work out' affair [UPDATE]Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [UPDATE]Coronation Street's Daisy suffers consequences of Justin's attack  [LATEST] Last week, Griff's gang was infiltrated and decimated by the police which saw many of its members put behind bars. His downfall was thanks to the work of Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) who risked his life to bring the gang to justice. At the time of Griff's arrest, it was confirmed he would be returning as his storyline was far from over. In scenes yet to air, Spider visits Griff in prison to offer him a deal.  Spider says Griff's sentence could be reduced if he reveals how the gang got its funding. Desperate to get out of prison, Griff tells Spider the moneybags behind the terror campaign was councillor Len Cameron (Mark Murphy). Will the police come knocking on Len's door in upcoming scenes of the serial drama? Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 