Morrisons is helping customers save 5p off every litre of fuel this half term while keeping their cars fuelled for any family getaways. All customers that spend £35 in-store between Thursday, February 9, and Sunday, February 19, will receive a coupon giving them 5p off every litre of petrol and diesel purchased. The coupon is redeemable at all Morrisons petrol stations and customers have until Sunday, February 26 to spend it. Morrisons has 339 filling stations across the UK, although the offer excludes any franchised Morrisons Daily petrol stations. The fuel offer is the latest move from Morrisons to help make its customers' money go further and follows cuts to thousands of products to help with the cost of living pressures. Rachel Eyre, chief customer and marketing officer at Morrisons, praised the move saying it would help drivers massively during the ongoing cost of living crisis. READ MORE: New ULEZ expansion tax will 'burden' drivers later this year She added: "This fuel promotion, together with more than a thousand prices that we cut and held down in January, will make a difference to our customers' household bills. “We know that fuel is a big expense and so our fuel offer aims to help budgets go a little further.” The required £35 customer spend excludes certain items like fuel, tobacco, lottery products, gift vouchers and cash back, among other products. While fuel prices were consistently falling for months at the end of 2022, the global wholesale price of oil has forced prices to creep back up. DON'T MISSDrivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes [IMPORTANT]Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [INSIGHT]EV companies call out other manufacturers for lack of climate action [SHOCKING] Currently, drivers are paying 148.89p per litre for petrol and 164.66p for super unleaded, with the RAC not forecasting any major changes soon. Diesel drivers are being hammered the most, with average prices lingering around 169.89p per litre, although the RAC predicts that costs will slowly fall. It is hoped the new Morrisons deal will help drivers lower their fuel bill to help them during the ongoing cost of living crisis. Morrisons has invested over £100million per annum to cut these prices and leveraged its own manufacturing sites to help customers as the cost of living crisis continues to impact household grocery budgets. READ MORE: Electric cars to represent less than a third of all vehicles by 2030 The “Big 4” supermarket chain also helped drivers in January, launching a similar 5p off fuel scheme to aid motorists. This was also seen last year, with Morrisons slashing petrol and diesel prices at its forecourts. The supermarket chain announced it had cut the cost of unleaded and diesel by an average of six pence a litre in August and five pence in September. The supermarket chain launched the UK’s first-ever Fuel Saver Scheme to help shoppers reduce their bills in 2012. At the time, fuel prices were an average of £1.40 per litre, with a number of high street brands partnering with Morrisons to bring the scheme to the UK. Morrisons has 497 stores across the UK, with more than 95,000 employees. The popular supermarket is going further to help drivers with its much-loved “Kids Eat Free” deal in its cafes now permanent and available all day, every day. For every adult meal purchased that is over £4.49, customers can also get a kid’s meal absolutely free.