Female prison officers claim their human rights were thrown “out of the window” when they were ordered to carry out intimate searches on dangerous transgender prisoner Tiffany Scott. Full body searches of Scott began being carried out by women officers when Scott’s gender identity changed from “male” to “female” on a prison's computer record system. But one prison insider said “nothing else about Scott has changed physically,” and women officers who refused to do the searches have to submit their reasons in writing. The transfer of 31-year-old Scott – formerly Andrew Burns – from HMP Low Moss, near Glasgow, to a women’s prison later this year was blocked after the Record revealed the Scottish Prison Service plans. The political storm, which brought huge criticism for Forst Minister Nicola Sturgeon, led to the halting of all trans prisoners with a history of violence against women being sent to women’s prisons. Now female officers from the Low Moss male prison have come forward to express their concerns over women having to carry out searches on Scott – who has to remove clothing for the procedure. One whistle-blower revealed that several female prison staff have repeatedly refused to do searches on Scott, who still has male genitalia. They also expressed safety concerns after Scott had a “meltdown” after learning their move to a female prison was being blocked. A Low Moss officer spoke to the Record after discussions with fellow staff members – all of whom believe female workers should not have to carry out full body searches on Scott or any other trans prisoner with male genitalia. The source said: “This all started last summer when the PR2 system (Prisoner Records) suddenly designated Scott to be a woman, several years after changing her name to Tiffany Scott. “Up to then a woman would not have been asked to search the lower half during a full body search, obviously because it would have been totally inappropriate to ask a woman to do that. “But from one day to the next it became inappropriate for male officers to do the searches – and the human rights of the female staff went out the window. It’s mad because nothing else about Scott has changed physically. “She still has the same male parts and several women therefore refused to search Scott. They’ve been told they have to write up their reasons in a paper and submit it to bosses.” The source said a refusal leads to another woman being asked to do the search – often a probationer if they are available. They added: “No one has been disciplined for refusing but probationers and less experienced staff have felt forced to do it and the entire workforce is supportive of them. “We keep hearing about trans prisoners’ rights – but surely there is a bigger issue with the rights of female prison staff?” A full body search would take place whenever a prisoner might be attending an external appointment, like hospital. This has been quite common, due to Tiffany Scott’s history of violence and disruption in the prison. The source said Scott has previously agreed to consultations regarding gender reassignment but then refused to meet appointments. The officer said Ms Sturgeon and Justice Minister Keith Brown have been in “cloud cuckoo land” in insisting all trans prisoners be treated as women by officers. He said: “They should try working with Tiffany Scott for a couple of weeks.” The source said Scott, who is held in segregation, had a “meltdown” after finding out that a planned move from Low Moss was blocked. The source said: “She had a meltdown and broke a phone box that had been put in the cell. She then used bits of that to disturb a wound from surgery. “It’s the same chaotic, violent and self-harming stuff that she’s been up to since she came here a few years ago.” The source added: “Tiffany Scott had most certainly been informed, as had all staff here, that the Scottish Prison Service had cleared her for a move. “She was expecting to go to Cornton Vale or the new prison in Stirling. The move wasn’t in any doubt.” Scottish Prisoner Officers Association spokesman Phil Fairley said he was concerned female staff felt pressurised to carry out intimate searches on Scott, and said: “I will be taking this up with management at the prison.” A Scottish Prison Service spokesman said: “We don’t comment on individuals. The Scottish Prison Service is experienced in conducting searches in a way that supports both individuals and staff.”