While finding out a home has been left in a loved one’s Will can come as a pleasant surprise during a typically upsetting time, many people are unaware of the associated costs that come with this generous gift. According to a recent poll by Tower Street Finance, over half of the respondents (58 percent) expect to inherit at least one residential property during their lifetime, but most (64 percent) couldn’t cover the high associated costs without taking out a loan. This cost - which is expected to rise over time - is made up of a range of expenses, such as house clearing, basic redecorating, standing charges for energy and water, insurance and solicitors' fees. Naturally, the overall price varies slightly depending on what the new owner decides to do with it. The poll, which gathered information for Tower Street Finance’s ‘True Cost of Inheriting Property’ report, found that up to 39 percent of those to be left a property in the next 12 months would sell it, 34 percent would choose to keep it, while 16 percent of under 35s are currently relying on inheritance to get on the property ladder.  READ MORE: Britons gambling with trillions in inheritance by not having a will  According to the research, the cost to inherit a property and put it on the market for sale (excluding inheritance tax) amounts to a staggering £23,800. The cost to inherit a property, excluding inheritance tax, and move into it would amas a moderately smaller bill of £19,000, whereas the cost to get it ready to let instead would amount to £18,600. However, Dicky Davies, founder and business development director at Tower Street Finance, said: “Two thirds (64 percent) of Britons [surveyed] would not be able to afford this without taking out a loan. "A home is typically the most valuable asset we own in our lifetime, and so being left one in a Will is of course a great privilege. That said, it certainly doesn’t come without its challenges and costs.  DON'T MISS: 'Carry forward' method could help 'reduce tax bill' in retirement [INSIGHT]Top 10 fixed cash ISAs with high interest now - 'time is ticking' [ANALYSIS]'Loved ones may lose everything unless you write will now [EXPLAINED]    “Typically, properties are left to children or grandchildren, and according to HMRC reports, homes make up 54 percent of the average estate value total at death. What’s more, around a third of estates, that include a property break the inheritance tax threshold - meaning that many will face another bill to cover this, on top of things like solicitors’ fees, clearing costs and insurance.” However, Mr Davies noted that those who are prepared to put in work themselves or shop around could knock thousands off of these bills. Mr Davies has shared a few ways Britons could save money on the associated costs. Tackle home improvements head-on According to Tower Street Finance, clearing a property, deep cleaning it and painting it costs around £2,800 on average for a typical home, and this can be a lot more depending on the work needed – with structural work, rewiring and bathroom and kitchen renovations often costing significantly more.  READ MORE: Side hustle in transcribing can pay £36 an hour  However, tackling improvements head-on can significantly reduce the fee. Mr Davies said: “If the property is in a reasonable condition and just needs sprucing up with a fresh lick of paint, then you could also save money by doing this yourself. “If you’re putting the property on the market for sale or rent, then painting everything in white or neutral shades is typically recommended by property experts. Before ripping out carpets, see if they could just do with a good clean. “It’s cheap and easy to hire a carpet cleaner for 48 hours and this can often make a world of difference.” Shop around for insurance and a solicitor Solicitor’s fees are usually the largest cost, averaging around £12,000. However, Mr Davies noted that if a specific solicitor wasn’t dictated in the Will, the named executor may be able to shop around to ensure they receive the best value for money. He said: “Solicitor fees do vary, but it’s important to read reviews or seek out personal recommendations to ensure you’ll still get a good service before you switch.” Even an empty home will need insuring. Comparison sites are a good tool to use to help identify the best deals. Mr Davies said: “Keep in mind the value of the property, fixtures and fittings, and any potential issues that could be more likely to occur such as flooding or leaks.”  Clear the property yourself With removals typically costing just over £1,000 on average, hiring a van and clearing a property can save a lot of money. But, Mr Davies added: “Keep in mind that this is often a strenuous, emotional and time-consuming job. Sites like Freecycle can be a good way to quickly get rid of furniture that you don’t think are worth selling but are still in a good condition.” Sort the right storage Once cleared, there may be some larger items that need to be put in storage temporarily. Mr Davies said: “The cost of storage varies a lot so it’s worth doing your homework to see where could be the best option for you and your items.” 