LIV Golf's first event of 2023 was embarrassingly beaten by CW show World's Funniest Animals in popularity for its network TV debut. LIV Golf's first year failed to agree a TV deal with coverage being streamed live on Youtube as well as their website. A TV deal was finally agreed for the second edition of the Saudi-backed league earlier this year on The CW Network. Most of the major television subsidiaries in the US showed little interest in taking on LIV Golf, reportedly due to their current relationship with the PGA Tour. Scheduling was also a problem for a number of stations with not many able to free up spots on live TV for a three-day event over the weekend. But a deal was finally agreed just weeks before the season got underway with The CW Network, which averaged 574,000 daily overall viewers last year. In comparison, US TV giants NBC and CBS topped the charts with almost 10 times more viewers - both of whom are the PGA Tour's primary media partners. The CW supposedly has a reputation for leaning towards a more youth-centric programme schedule.   And it appears as though that audience had no real interest in watching LIV Golf's inaugural event of 2023. Sports Business Journal reported that LIV Golf drew only a 0.2 rating on Saturday for its network TV debut in 26 measured markets. It was also pointed out by Golf Digest that LIV Golf proved less popular than another CW show, World's Funniest Animals. The viewing figures will come as another blow to LIV Golf with 2023 tipped as a make-or-break year on whether the tournament has legs to succeed and truly challenge the PGA Tour's dominance.  Charles Howell III won the season-opening event in Mexico, topping the leaderboard by four shots. It was Howell's sixth start in LIV Golf and ended up taking home £3.3million ($4m) for winning the individual event as well as another £830,000 ($1m) for leading his team, the Crushers, to victory too. "It's a big win and we got the team win," Howell said. "I've played here many times, so I had an idea what to expect. "Around this place, there's double bogeys everywhere, so you never know."