Alison Hammond donned a glittering black floor-length gown for her BAFTAs hosting debut on Sunday evening on BBC One. The 48-year-old appeared on Monday's instalment of This Morning to discuss the star-studded event, but her interview was crashed by a famous face.  "Wasn't there a little bit of a panic?" This Morning host Phillip Schofield asked Alison who was speaking to him via her phone camera. "Well, there was a panic with my dress because obviously, I'd slipped. "The first time I went on the stage I slipped, because it was really shiny, I slipped and fell flat on my face." As she was trying to explain the fall, Irish actor Barry Keoghan popped up behind her to interrupt the interview by pulling a silly face behind Alison. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show Giggling Alison told Phillip: "I don't have a clue what he's doing here!" Holly Willoughby and Phillip were baffled and asked Alison if she was still at a BAFTAs party which had continued into the morning. Alison cracked up laughing and said: "Well, maybe." She left Holly gobsmacked when she told Barry: "Get back in the bedroom!"  "Did you bring Barry home last night?" Holly asked. "What is going on?" Alison then revealed her true whereabouts to the This Morning hosts and ITV viewers. "I'll tell you the truth, I am actually going over to Ireland, so is Barry and we are at the airport," Alison admitted. "He's not in my house at all," she added while laughing about the BAFTA winner's appearance. DON'T MISS...William and Kate emotional as Helen Mirren's Queen BAFTA tribute  [LATEST]Helen Mirren awkwardly corrects Alison Hammond over Queen at BAFTA [INTERVIEW]BBC viewers 'switch off' minutes into BAFTA ceremony  [REACTION]  Holly and Phillip were still confused and asked if the pair were going on a "little trip away together". However, Alison replied: "I only met him yesterday and he was like, 'Let's just fly to Ireland' and I was like, 'I'm coming'." Holly and Phillip erupted into laughter over Alison's story before the interview came to a chaotic end. Alison rubbed shoulders with Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales at the awards ceremony as well as a host of top actors.    She also had the chance to interview acting royalty Dame Helen Mirren as she presented the backstage content at the ceremony. Last year's BAFTAs were hosted by Australian actress and comedian Rebel Wilson. Rebel announced her engagement to girlfriend Ramona Agruma on her social media on Sunday. This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV and ITVX.  