Manchester United icon Gary Neville namedropped Jamie Carragher and brought up the former Liverpool man’s previous comments regarding Marcus Rashford as the Red Devils star’s stunning form continued on Sunday. The forward got a brace in United’s 3-0 win over Leicester to take his tally to 24 goals this season as he is spearheading Erik ten Hag’s potent attack. Rashford has become indispensable for United this campaign, marking a stark contrast from last season when he got just four Premier League goals and there were rumours of a potential Old Trafford exit. Paris Saint-Germain especially had been lurking and were interested in signing Rashford, but he opted to stay in Manchester and turned his career around. Carragher was one of several that questioned whether Rashford’s future was best served at United and Neville could not resist bringing up those comments following the victory over Brendan Rodger's side. “There’s a pundit called Jamie Carragher who once said on Monday Night Football that he thought Marcus Rashford should leave Manchester United to further his career,” Neville told Sky Sports. “I disagreed with him at the time, I don’t always get them right by the way I just thought that when he gets them wrong I might as well promote it. “I didn’t think he should leave Manchester United but I could see why people were thinking that, it felt like it was all too much with the local pressure that you come under as a local player. He wasn’t playing well, his confidence had gone and all that enormous off-the-pitch achievement that he was going through as well with the free school meals and fighting for the rights of vulnerable young people. “It just felt that it was all too much and maybe the distraction between the off-pitch and on-pitch or marrying them together because you don’t want him to lose the off-pitch stuff it’s valuable to him and it’s valuable to society but also he is a football player and he is getting judged on both. He had to get the balance between the two and I feel as if he has got that peace now.” Carragher previously told The Overlap in May 2022 that he felt Rashford was not good enough to play for United anymore. "He’s just not quite good enough for Manchester United, Marcus Rashford," Carragher said. "That’s all it is. That’s it, he’s not quite good enough for Manchester United. He’s Tottenham or Arsenal. "He’s not going to win you the league or the Champions League. You’d need the two up front with him to be megastars and he’d be the addition." Neville disagreed with Carragher’s view at the time and Rashford has since gone on to prove him wrong by starring in a side that is just five points off league leaders Arsenal and continue to gain momentum