Tottenham could reportedly secure the signature of long-term target Andre Onana at the end of the season, with the player being ‘put up for sale’ by Inter Milan. Signing a goalkeeper is a priority for Spurs over the summer, with captain Hugo Lloris now coming to the end of his career. The France international has enjoyed plenty of success in north London but has become prone to mistakes, prompting conversations about bringing in a successor. Everton’s Jordan Pickford and Brentford star David Raya are amongst those to be considered, though Tottenham are in no rush to make a decision on their top target. If Antonio Conte remains with Spurs then he could also push to sign former Ajax star Onana. According to 90min, Inter are willing to 26-year-old at the end of the season to balance their books, with their plan to sell Milan Skriniar this season for a sizeable fee failing. The Serie A side need to raise at least £50million in player sales as soon as possible due to their financial struggles and feel that Onana is a replaceable asset – having already touched base with alternatives that can be signed over the summer. The Cameroon international has been a long-term target at Tottenham, with Conte previously being keen to acquire his services before he joined Inter last year. Though it is reported that they are not the only Premier League club showing an interest in Onana. Chelsea and Manchester United are both in the market for a goalkeeper at the end of the season and have been made aware of the shot-stopper’s availability – having previously felt that Inter would not be willing to part ways with their first-choice option between the sticks. Graham Potter is weighing up whether he would like to bring in his own No 1 at Stamford Bridge over the summer, with Edouard Mendy being heavily linked with a move away from the club. Kepa Arrizabalaga has stepped up since the former Brighton boss’ arrival but there is a general feeling that he could fall down the pecking order if better opportunities arise. United are not guaranteed to be in the market for a goalkeeper over the summer if David de Gea pens a new contract at Old Trafford. The club would like the Spain international to take a significant pay cut that would see him earn a salary beneath the newly-imposed wage cap, though the player is still considering his options. Thus, Tottenham may only be battling Chelsea for Onana’s signature if Erik ten Hag is able to convince De Gea to lower his personal demands.