Elon Musk, the world's second richest man, is reportedly considering a shock takeover swoop for Manchester United. The Glazers revealed in November that they were willing to listen to offers for either a stake in the Premier League giants or an outright purchase. A number of parties have expressed an interest in buying United, which could be purchased for a world-record price for a sports franchise at £4.5bn ($5.5bn), or more. Interest comes from the Far East, Middle East and United States with Raines Group, the merchant bank, tasked with the sale. British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe, who happens to be a Man Utd fan, is also keen. But according to the Daily Mail Musk, who also owns Twitter and Tesla, is a huge Red Devils fan. The South African-Canadian-American businessman, who's worth a reported £157bn ($190bn), is one of a select few who could afford to buy the red side of Manchester. Now, the 51-year-old is wondering if there is an opportunity at Old Trafford that he should not miss - but Friday’s deadline for bids is rapidly approaching. Musk has previously sent his Twitter followers into a meltdown after claiming he was buying United. He wrote on Twitter back in August that the Red Devils are his favourite side, before clarifying how he wasn't interested in buying sports teams. Taking to the platform, he tweeted: "Also, I’m buying Manchester United ur welcome." When asked if he was being serious, the Tesla chief said: "No, this is a long-running joke on Twitter. I’m not buying any sports teams. "Although, if it were any team, it would be Man U. They were my fav team as a kid. Standup is my side-hustle." Musk was born in South Africa and remained there until the age of 18. He will have witnessed first-hand United’s global reach. As the owner of Twitter, he will also have seen that few entities create the clicks, hysteria and interest that emerges from Old Trafford. In that aspect, they are like no other. He will also be well aware of the power United have in Manchester and well beyond. United's next owners will likely need to have money in reserve - up to £2bn ($2.5bn), according to some estimates - to commit to redeveloping Old Trafford. It would prove to be no issue for Musk, even though Tesla's plummeting stock price led to his net worth being slashed by £150bn ($182bn) since November. Should United fetch the Glazers' asking fee, they would become the most expensive sports team in the world, surpassing NFL side the Denver Broncos, who were bought for £3.7bn ($4.5bn) last year. Five different suitors have put themselves forward so far, the first of those being Sir Jim Ratcliffe. The Daily Mail also reported that Qatari investors were preparing a bid in a matter of days. The Guardian added that the Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, is a leading figure behind the proposed plans. However, The Athletic have claimed that Qatar are expecting a consortium from Saudi Arabia to come in and rival their bid. Two US investors are also rumoured to be in the running.