A shocking clip has shown the moments before a driver kills a motorcyclist - by purposely crashing into the back of his bike at speed. Paul Barrett, 42, mowed down victim Ryan Brindley, 43, in what was described as a "completely random and unprovoked attack”. The incident, which was caught on Barrett's dashcam, showed the moment of impact on the B3089 Hindon Road in Dinton, Wiltshire. Barrett, of Mere, Wiltshire, was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act yesterday (Tues) after he had previously pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility. Winchester Crown Court was told that on the evening of December 22, 2021, Barrett had been driving a Volkswagen Touran when he saw Ryan riding in the opposite direction. Barrett turned into a side road and then continued in the opposite direction, following Ryan and accelerating at high speed to catch him before deliberately colliding with the rear of the bike. He then carried it along the road, causing Ryan to fall to the ground. He was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. Barrett was later arrested and taken to hospital for assessment before being taken into police custody. Dashcam footage, taken from Barrett’s vehicle showing the moment of impact, was shown in court during the sentencing hearing. Speaking after the case, Detective Chief Inspector Simon Childe, from the Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "The killing of Ryan Brindley was an entirely random and unprovoked incident which has understandably caused shock and upset to the local community and all those who knew and loved Ryan. He then carried it along the road, causing Ryan to fall to the ground. He was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. Barrett was later arrested and taken to hospital for assessment before being taken into police custody. Dashcam footage, taken from Barrett’s vehicle showing the moment of impact, was shown in court during the sentencing hearing. Speaking after the case, Detective Chief Inspector Simon Childe, from the Major Crime Investigation Team, said: "The killing of Ryan Brindley was an entirely random and unprovoked incident which has understandably caused shock and upset to the local community and all those who knew and loved Ryan. “The dash cam footage shows Barrett driving up and down roads in Dinton before spotting Ryan riding his motorbike alone, and then turning his vehicle and reaching speeds of up to 80mph in a 30mph zone in order to catch up with him and knock him from his bike. "We do not believe they were known to each other, or that there had been any previous interaction between the pair. It seems that Ryan was targeted entirely at random. “I would like to pay tribute to Ryan’s family who have suffered such a devastating loss, and thank them for the support they have shown during the police investigation. "Ryan was taken from them in the cruellest of circumstances and my thoughts remain with them at this extremely difficult time." In a victim impact statement, Ryan’s partner said: “Ryan was a beautiful human being – he will be missed by so many. "He was a deeply private man and although I understand there are many people who want to read and understand what happened, I would like to request that everybody, including the media, are respectful of Ryan’s remaining family and their privacy. I know that Ryan would be hating all the attention this case has brought."