Herbal supplements are widely used as a natural alternative to prescribed medicines. Their heavily purported health claims make them alluring to global consumers searching for a quick fix to boost their health. Due to the categorisation of the remedies as supplements, however, they're exempt from regulation on other medicines sold in pharmaceutical settings. Earlier this year, doctors published the case report of an unnamed 45-year-old woman with liver injury in the Cureus Journal of Medical Science. The patient, who was receiving treatment for hypothyroidism at the time of her presentation, reported severe epigastric pain and nausea. She denied any alcohol or drug use, recent travel and history of blood transfusions prior to her symptoms. One note-worthy admission was that she had started drinking a herbal tea three days before experiencing symptoms, in a bid to boost her immunity. READ MORE: Seemingly healthy supplements are causing a rise in liver injuries Research dating back to 2004, has identified several cases of liver injury in patients taking reishi mushroom formulations. Finally, research published in the British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology in 2020, suggested that ginseng may inhibit various cytochromes, which are involved in the metabolism of drugs. The problem with these remedies appears to be that they form toxic metabolites that damage live cells when ingested. READ MORE: Drinking daily significantly increases liver damage As a result, the liver can become so badly damaged that it ceases to function, which causes liver failure in some cases. The authors concluded their report with the statement: “A diagnosis of herbal supplement-induced liver injury requires an effective inquiry into any herbs or supplements a patient may be taking, patients may be hesitant to provide this information. “It is imperative for clinicians to familiarise themselves with herbal supplements to better inquire about their use with patients and educate them on potential side effects.” The patient was using a herbal tea with known hepatotoxic ingredients and had definitive improvement after cessation of use.  “This [...] shows the value of further inquiry into supplement use once common causes of acute liver injury are ruled out," added the authors. As a rule of thumb, WebMD suggests practising caution when using supplements that contain the following ingredients: Patients using other medications should always speak to a healthcare provider before starting a new dietary regimen that includes vitamins and supplements.