Steven Gerrard could look to tap into the relationships he has with his former sides if he is appointed as Leeds United’s new manager. The Whites are desperately searching for a replacement for Jesse Marsch following his sacking last week. Several options have been identified, though the Premier League side have seen all of their approaches rebuffed to date. According to The Mirror, Leeds are now considering a move for Gerrard following his sacking by Aston Villa earlier this season. The 42-year-old is expected to welcome a return to the top flight and has experience working alongside some of the staff already at Elland Road, which has excited the higher powers at the club. Given his strong links to Villa and Liverpool, Gerrard could be hopeful of signing some of their stars at the end of the season. Express Sport takes a look at five options the ex-Rangers boss could consider… Tyler Morton Liverpool academy graduate Tyler Morton is impressing out on loan at Blackburn this season, and he could feel that he is capable of taking a step up in his career. The 20-year-old has shone in the heart of the Rovers midfield and he may be ready for a Premier League loan next season if deemed surplus to requirements by Jurgen Klopp. Morton is incredibly well-regarded internally at Anfield so a permanent move is very unlikely, though Gerrard may feel that he could help out his old side by mentoring him for a season on loan. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain Versatile playmaker Alex-Oxlade Chamberlain is out of contract at the end of the season and is not expected to pen a new deal in Merseyside, meaning that he is a very interesting option for Premier League outfits. The former Arsenal star worked with Gerrard as a player and could be the ideal candidate to add a touch of experience to the Leeds dressing room, as well as a more direct option in midfield. When fit, Oxlade-Chamberlain is a top talent and signing him as a free agent would be a smart piece of business by the Whites. Fabio Carvalho Former Fulham star Fabio Carvalho is struggling to make his mark at Anfield and a loan spell could beckon for the 20-year-old at the end of the season. The Portuguese U21 international thrives when being deployed through the middle as a No 10 and he may be an interesting option for Gerrard to work with, especially given that his skillset differs markedly from that of Brenden Aaronson. Philippe Coutinho Whilst at Villa, Gerrard made it his mission to get Philippe Coutinho’s career back on track, and he almost achieved that. The Brazilian began to look like he was starting to find his feet back in the Premier League under his former teammate, and reuniting with Gerrard would be the best-case scenario for the ex-Barcelona star. Coutinho has hardly featured under Unai Emery to date and the new manager may be willing to part ways with the playmaker sooner rather than later. Bertrand Traore Injuries have hampered Bertrand Traore’s time at Villa Park, and the winger may now feel that leaving the club will provide him with the chance to re-find his best form. The Burkina Faso international will be in the final year of his contract with Villa when the summer transfer window arrives, which could prompt Gerrard into trying to acquire his services. The manager was vocal about how highly he rated Traore during his time at the club and may feel that he could be available for a minimal fee if Emery looks to bring in his own reinforcements at the end of the season.