Rishi Sunak tonight said his Brexit deal has "taken back control" and scrapped thousands of pages of EU law. The Prime Minister finalised the Windsor Framework on post-Brexit arrangements for Northern Ireland during a summit with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen earlier. Speaking in the Commons this evening, Mr Sunak told MPs the agreement removes 1,700 pages of EU law on Northern Ireland and "puts beyond all doubt that we have now taken back control". He said: "Fundamentally the protocol meant the EU could impose new laws on the people of Northern Ireland without them having a say. "I know some members of this House whose voices I deeply respect say that EU laws should have no role whatsoever in Northern Ireland. I understand that view, I'm sympathetic to it. "But for as long as the people of Northern Ireland continue to support their businesses having privileged access to the single market and if we want to avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland as we all do then there will be some role for EU law. "So the question is what is the absolute minimum amount necessary to avoid a hard border? "Today's agreement scraps 1,700 pages of EU law. "The amount of EU law that applies in Northern Ireland is less than three percent. "The people of Northern Ireland retain the right to reject that three percent through next year's consent vote. "However, that consent vote is about the whole protocol so it cannot by its nature provide oversight of individual new laws and it does not address the number one challenge to sovereignty made by the protocol - the ability of the EU to impose new or amended goods laws on Northern Ireland without them having a say. "To address that, today's agreement introduces a new Stormont brake. The Stormont brake does just more than give Northern Ireland a say over new EU laws, it means they can block them." The PM, who is looking to win over the DUP and Tory Eurosceptics, added: "It puts beyond all doubt that we have now taken back control." Mr Sunak said his deal was a "decisive breakthrough" after years of tensions over the protocol. The PM added that he believes "passionately with my head and my heart" that the Windsor Framework is the "right way forward".  Mark Francois, chairman of the powerful European Research Group (ERG) of Eurosceptic Tories, sought assurances he "won't find any nasty surprises" when analysing the deal. He said: "As a former chancellor, he knows well that on budget day the Government puts a good gloss on whatever they're putting to the public but then you have to read through the red book to just check on the fine detail. "He's worked very hard on this so can he assure me and the whole House that when we go through the red book, or in this instance the detailed legal text, we won't find any nasty surprises which will materially undermine the position of Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom?" Mr Sunak replied: "I believe it meets the objectives that we set out to do. "I'm confident that when he goes through the detail he will see that this is a good agreement, it's the right agreement for Northern Ireland, for the people of Northern Ireland and it's a way for our United Kingdom to move forward together."   Conservative Sir Bill Cash, who chairs the European Scrutiny Committee, said: "The (Prime Minister) will know that in the papers that have been published this afternoon the devil as ever lies in the detail." DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said it was "clear that significant progress has been secured across a number of areas" but "key issues of concern" remain. Former prime minister Theresa May urged all MPs to back Mr Sunak's deal, while Boris Johnson and Liz Truss were absent. Mrs May said: "The Northern Ireland Protocol negotiated and signed by the Government in December 2019 adopted the European Union's preferred proposal of a border down the Irish Sea. "Can I congratulate the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland and Foreign Secretary, and all their teams, for all the work they have done to achieve this negotiated settlement which will make a huge difference. "Does he agree with me that the best move now is for everybody across this House to support this settlement, because that is what is in the best interests of all the people of Northern Ireland?"   The Prime Minister replied: "I agree with her. What all of us should have at this moment at the top of our minds is the people of Northern Ireland and what is in their interest. "I hope when people have the time and space to consider the Windsor Framework, that they will see that this is the best way to move forward and build that better future in Northern Ireland." Meanwhile, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer confirmed his party would back the agreement. He said: "This deal is not perfect, but because we recognise that the UK agreed to the protocol and has an obligation to make it work, because we recognise that for the protocol to work there will inevitably be trade-offs and because we always recognise that peace and prosperity in Northern Ireland is hard won, Labour will support the Windsor Framework." Mr Sunak would not be drawn on when Parliament would have a vote on the agreement. The Northern Ireland Protocol was designed to prevent a hard Irish border after Brexit. Northern Ireland has continued to follow EU rules on goods to prevent checks being needed when crossing into the Republic. But the trade barriers created between Northern Ireland and Great Britain have angered unionists. 