Grout is an essential part to any bathroom and kitchen as it fills the gap in-between tiles. However, due to its porous nature, it allows things such as limescale, mould and product residue to build up on it, creating a dirty looking grout. Many people may not notice that their grout needs cleaning until it’s too late, so it is important to add the job into a weekly or fortnightly clean. Not only can dirty grout affect the appearance of a bathroom, it may also be home to germs and bacteria. My bathroom grout wasn’t too dirty as I regularly clean it, but I did notice some areas starting to be affected by the limescale as I live in a hard water area. The bathroom in my home is also internal and has no windows, so having hot showers with little ventilation means I need to keep on top of cleaning it. To clean the grout, I opted for a homemade mixture I had seen circulating online, a simple concoction of baking soda and water. READ MORE: Watering sensitive orchids ‘correctly’ is ‘vital’ in spring Baking soda has become extremely popular in recent years, known for its ability to clean just about anything in the home, from descaling kettles to washing machines. It is also an abrasive cleaner, while being gentle enough not to leave any scratches, which has made it as popular as it is today. To begin cleaning the grout, I first had to make the baking soda paste which involved placing one part baking soda to two parts water into a bowl. I mixed the two ingredients together using a toothbrush which I use for cleaning until the baking soda had completely dissolved. DON'T MISS:‘Toxic’ and ‘harmful’ spring plants to avoid cats and dogs eating [COMMENT]Houseplant expert shares 4 crucial jobs to ensure ‘happy’ plants now [INSIGHT]‘Simplest’ and ‘most effective’ garden addition to ‘boost’ house price [EXPLAINER] My paste was actually still quite runny so I added some more of the baking soda until it was the right consistency. I used Dri-Pak’s famous natural bicarbonate of soda which I purchased in home bargains for 99p, but it is also sold in stores such as B&M. The product description reads: “Bicarbonate of soda is a clean and natural way to clean and deodorise around the home. Use this powder as a mild abrasive to clean cooker tops, sinks and tiles. “Sprinkle directly onto the surface and wipe over with a damp sponge or cloth.” It can also be used to remove odours from the fridge and washing machine. READ MORE: Seven laundry ‘myths’ which could be ruining your clothes Next, I decided on the areas I wanted to focus on and pushed the mixture into the grout. This method was definitely hard on wall tiles and would be better suited to floor tiles as the mixture didn’t want to stick to the dirt. However, with a bit of elbow grease and scrubbing with the toothbrush, it did eventually stick, even if a lot of it did fall down. Once the paste was applied to the grout, I left it for 15 to 20 minutes to sit and work, but I wasn’t sure if it was going to work. After taking the toothbrush and scrubbing at the grout for another couple of minutes, the baking soda had turned slightly grey and there was dirt on the tiles. The method definitely worked well and my grout looked much better considering it took less than 30 minutes to clean the entire area. After scrubbing, I took my shower head and made sure to wash away the baking soda before drying the bathroom with a microfibre cloth. I think if I was to clean my grout again, I would use a stronger product such as hydrogen peroxide which is still natural and readily available as it is thought to be a good substitute for bleach. I also recently used Viakal to clean my bathroom grout which worked really well but left a strong scent in the room for a while after using it.