Astrologers at Genie Help Me have shared the seven luckiest zodiac signs and how they will be lucky in love, or marriage, this year. They explained how discovering two people, or two signs', compatibility works, saying: "Astrology can help make marriage predictions because it can help identify the compatibility between two people. Compatibility is a key factor in a successful marriage. If two people are not compatible, their relationship will not last. Astrology can also help identify any potential problems that may arise in a marriage. By understanding the compatibility of two people, astrologers can provide valuable advice and guidance to couples before they get married." The astrologers continued: "The ancient art of astrology can offer insights into predicting whether a marriage will be successful. "By understanding a couple’s astrological patterns and dispositions, astrologers can provide valuable guidance on how best to navigate the ups and downs of a relationship. "One of the most accurate ways to make predictions about marriage is to look at a couple’s planetary positions. "In astrology, each planet is associated with different qualities that can influence a person’s life. When two people are born with similar planetary positions, it can indicate a strong potential for a successful relationship."   The houses responsible for marriage in astrology: Lagna is one of the 12 houses in a Vedic astrology chart, which provides insight into a person’s temperament and understanding of their character. The seventh house of a birth chart represents a person’s relationship with their spouse or partner of the opposite sex. The second house, known as the Kutumba sthana, is the house of the family. The fifth house in astrology is connected to matters of the heart, taking charge of issues surrounding love and relationships. The Eleventh House in a natal chart is symbolic of long-term connections and relationships. The twelfth house, known as the Vyaya sthana and Moksha sthana, is associated with expenditures and spiritual liberation.  When making predictions regarding marriage, astrologers take into consideration the various houses and their respective lords. Aries (March 21 – April 19) Aries is one of the signs most likely to get married this year, according to astrologers at Genie Help Me. This is because Aries is to experience "two powerful transits" at the start of this year, which will "bring about a surge of good luck and fortune in the loves of Aries natives", which will make marriage a possibility. Taurus (April 20 – May 10) Taurus is another sign which will be lucky in love this year. Like Aries, two powerful transits will occur for Taurus at the start of this year, which will again bring about "a surge of energy" and "enthusiasm", according to astrologers at Genie Help Me.   Gemini (May 21 – June 20) Gemini is expected to meet a new partner this year, according to astrologers. They will be "blessed with an abundance of creativity and communication skills, which will help them take the leap of faith and start a new journey with their partner". Leo (July 23 – August 22) This year, Leo will be "blessed with an abundance of courage and strength, which will help them take a leap of faith and start a new journey with their partner". Leo is one of the luckiest star signs, according to astrologers at Genie Help Me.   Libra (September 23 – October 22) Libra is another of the luckiest signs of the zodiac, and is likely to "be blessed with the opportunity to find their ideal partner and a blissful relationship" this year. "The natives will also be able to maintain a beautiful balance between their personal and professional life," astrologers said. "With the help of their wisdom and intelligence, they will be able to make wise decisions about their relationships". Capricorn (December 22 – January 19) According to Genie Help Me, Capricorn is one of the luckiest signs of the zodiac. Those born under it will be lucky in love this year thanks to their "desire to establish a home and build a family". Aquarius (January 20 – February 18) Aquarius, like Capricorn, is one of the luckiest signs of the 12 zodiac signs. The water carrier sign is likely to be lucky in love because it is "associated with relationships and partnerships, so it is thought to be the perfect place for two people to commit to forming a lasting bond".