 Applicants will be expected to fully immerse themselves into retired life and rate the experience compared to original perceptions of retired living. They will also be asked to share their opinion on what their ideal retirement would look like. Almost one in ten - some nine percent - of adults aged under 40 haven't even considered their retirement plans.   She said interested parties will have to be willing to travel to Newport in Essex for the relaxing weekend. Ms Black added: "We strongly urge every young adult to take the time to consider this milestone sooner rather than later so financial, health, geographical and social provisions can be planned for, and they have peace of mind when thinking about their future. "We already offer a try before you buy, complimentary programme for prospective residents, and these new “roles” will build on that and enable today’s young adults to experience retired life firsthand, helping them to properly consider their future. "We all dream of finishing work and retiring, but we’re intrigued to see how this compares and exceeds expectations of retired living for today’s young adults, so they can give a new perspective on our villages." DON'T MISSInheritance tax warning as Britons fail to plan for 40% bill [WARNING]UK’s 'best buy savings account’ turns £10k into £12,402 [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis tip helps retired pensioner increase savings by £5,000 [ALERT] Interested applicants will need to be quick as applications close on February 24, 2023 and the weekend will take place before June this year. Britons need to be between 18 and 40 years old and to be considered and they will be repaid with bed and breakfast and £200 per couple. People can find out more information before deciding whether to apply by checking out the Retirement Village website. Meanwhile, research conducted by Hunters Estate Agents has uncovered the best place for people to retire in the UK.   It ranked some of the most popular retirement locations in England based on factors like transport connections, air quality, crime levels and average house prices to determine the best place for older people to live - and Scarborough topped the list. The Yorkshire town is more affordable than some - the average house price in the area is £263,704 - almost £100,000 lower than the national average of £362,438. Its proximity to the seaside also makes it a popular retirement option thanks to its two sweeping bays, 12th-century castle and close distance to the York Moors. Scarborough also has good transport links enabling people to easily visit friends and family in other parts of the country.  The top 10 place to retire in the UK: 1. Scarborough2. Craven3. Wychavon4. Wyre Forest5. Cotswold6. Stratford-upon-Avon7. Hambleton8. Ryedale9. Sedgemoor10. South Somerset. 