Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Netflix series is not what they hoped after it was greeted globally with a muted reception and some fierce criticism by viewers. The Sussexes claimed Buckingham Palace leaked stories to the media and Meghan felt pressure to blend in with the Firm by not wearing brightly coloured clothing. However the founder of US PR company The Lead PR, Brenner Thomas, has suggested Harry and Meghan were not pleased with how the series was received, with a number of staff departures at Archewell adding to the speculation. He told The Sunday Times: "I think Harry and Meghan feel that the way they were portrayed is not what they were hoping for. "If you're someone privileged, as both of them are, you have to do it with a bit of a wink. "The real issue is that Americans don’t like their royals acting like reality TV stars." It comes as two key members of staff of the Sussex foundation Archewell have left their roles, with both having worked on the Netflix series. Head of the Archewell Productions marketing team Fara Taylor and head of internal content Ben Browning are both stepping down, with neither role being replaced. It is understood that Harry and Meghan themselves are hoping to take full leadership of the foundation, as Archewell President Mandana Dayani has also left her job. READ MORE: Princess Kate shows off her sporty as she gives tyre pulling a go Archewell's head of communication Ashley Hansen told The Telegraph that both Fara Taylor and Ben Browning "exceeded expectations and made their mark within the cultural zeitgeist". She added that Harry and Meghan were "hugely grateful" for their support on the "vital look-back projects". Regarding Ms Dayani's departure Archewell released a statement saying: "Ms Dayani has been an integral part of Archewell and we are grateful for her passion, commitment and leadership.  DON'T MISS:Putin 'desperate' for international clout as Lavrov travels to Mali [LATEST]Christian Atsu's 'whereabouts unconfirmed' as agent issues update [REVEAL]Brussels readies for Brexit showdown with UK over EU citizens blunder [REPORT] "Ms Dayani was brought on during their parental leave to move the company and its projects forward. She has continued to shape its vision and future successfully. "Her transition was mutually planned, with intent for The Duke and Duchess to now take full lead of their company. "There will be no replacement for this position, and Ms. Dayani is fully supportive of The Duke and Duchess in their new leadership roles, and they remain friends."  The 40-year-old had been at Archewell's helm for less than 18 months, and oversaw a number of key projects including Meghan's Archetypes podcast.  