Aries The only way to fulfil some obligations will be to make an early start and be prepared to work late. Get as much as you can out of the way and refuse to take on any additional tasks until current commitments and promises have been fulfilled. Taurus An adventurous friend’s talks and communications will inspire you to look for ways to expand your own world view and experiences. It will make sense to put in additional research and gather more information before you make a big decision. Don’t restrict yourself to your usual subjects if you’re considering a new course of study. Gemini Your analytical skills are finely tuned as your mind focuses like a laser beam on details even your more astute friends and colleagues seem to miss. An odd sensation of realism and nostalgia will be felt as past memories are triggered by something or someone in the present.    Cancer You promised you would keep a secret and you won’t go against this by discussing confidential matters in public. Still this situation can be stressful for you when you will feel like you are watching your every word in case you say the wrong thing. Leo You feel sad that it can lead to arguments or conflict for you to get your voice heard but it is becoming more important to you to defend your own position. The dilemma that has been with you for some time now is: do you allow others to influence you or can you find the courage to be true to yourself? Virgo In time other people will come to appreciate your reasoning even if, at present, they cannot understand you. Your apparently harsh perspective comes from your ability to see the weak links in a story you are being told. You cannot support another person’s sloppy behaviour.    Libra A need to rest, recuperate and look at your situation from a distant perspective will help you make a difficult decision. It is never easy to make choices when you are feeling mentally exhausted. You could find you are actually in a better position now to move forward with your current intentions. Scorpio Even though there is a lot going on, a lot of this is a repeat of things you have been through before. You might, because of this, feel as if you are in a rut. Far from causing you anxiety, the possibility of making some changes actually fills you with excitement. Sagittarius You accept that there are things you should not have done but instead of dwelling on regrets, it will be smarter to forget it and move on. A troublesome situation can be resolved. Instead of looking for someone to blame, admit that you are all human and everyone makes mistakes.   Capricorn You aren’t going to be pleased with someone who happily takes off to have some fun, leaving their responsibilities behind. It might suit others to leave some jobs unfinished but not you. You prefer to get work done and then relax later. Even so, you are tempted to leave some tasks incomplete, ready for them to return to. Aquarius In some areas you feel you have no control and you aren’t certain where life is going to take you. You might wish you had more freedom and independence when responsibilities weigh you down. Not only this, some of these aren’t even yours as you are standing in for an absent colleague. Pisces Refuse to discuss a colleague’s plans if you have a feeling they will use this as an excuse to blame you if they don’t get what they want. A family issue you have been trying to forget about will sneak back into your awareness. Discuss this with an older relative you can trust.   