Jamie O'Hara did not mince his words as he delivered a scathing assessment of Tottenham's performance against AC Milan in the Champions League on Tuesday night. The north Londoners were considerably off the pace as Milan secured a crucial first-leg victory in the round of 16 thanks to Brahim Diaz's first-half goal, which leaves Antonio Conte's side needing to score at least twice at home in next month's return fixture. A number of Tottenham's established stars failed to turn up at the San Siro, with the likes of Dejan Kulusevski and Son Heung-min struggling to perform over the course of the 90 minutes. Former Spurs midfielder O'Hara was left thoroughly impressed with several players in his post-match assessment and made his feelings known with a no-holds-barred tirade during an appearance on talkSPORT.He said: "I'm just getting sick of watching this rubbish! Honestly, I don't know. I think Spurs fans have lowered how they think Tottenham should play and how good we are. Let's not forget we are in the Champions League, we were a Champions League team last season and we played some good football."What I'm seeing recently from some of them is absolutely shocking. Son tonight, what has happened to Son? I mean, he is so far off the boil it's a joke. Kulusevski has not been at it at all. I mean [Cristian] Romero is lucky he didn't get sent off again! JUST IN: Antonio Conte 'draws up two-man shortlist' to solve biggest issue "It's a sorry state of affairs when you're looking at [Pape Matar] Sarr and [Oliver] Skipp who have come into the team, young players, decent players who have played good tonight, they played well. Fair play to them, they've come in, [Rodrigo] Bentancur is injured, [Pierre-Emile] Hojbjerg is out."When you're looking at it and Sarr and Skipp were Tottenham's two best players in the team tonight, what does that say about the rest of them? You've got players like [Ivan] Perisic, Son, Kulusevski, Romero, Kane. [Clement] Lenglet who we got from Barcelona, he's like an impostor!"We've lowered our standards. I was speaking to some Spurs fans on Twitter and it's like: 'Yeah we've done alright, we've done okay'. Come on! We're pointing out these performances, it's so bang average." O'Hara went on to point the finger at Conte by insisting that he cannot shy away from the criticism that should be aimed at Tottenham after Tuesday's performance, adding: "He's actually got to come in for a bit of stick now. He's putting out these tactics."Bentancur getting injured has absolutely ruined our season because he's the only player who's got a bit of creativity about him. Hojbjerg has been a very good player for us but he's the one who's up and down. How can you leave Sarr and Skipp to play in midfield and expect them to be magicians?"Tottenham have had [Christian] Eriksen, [Luka] Modric, [Rafael] van der Vaart, [Mousa] Dembele. We've had top-class central midfield players, [Glenn] Hoddle, [Paul] Gascoigne. Every time we play home or away, we're churning out the same boring football. I don't enjoy watching Tottenham, I don't enjoy watching my own team play." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.