Since making her debut in the ITV show, Coronation Street star Mollie Gallagher has been wowing the Dancing on Ice panel. Although, when speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the 25-year-old revealed what the most challenging thing is for her when taking part in the competition    Taking to the ice for the first time in week two of the competition, along with the second half of contestants, soap star Mollie secured a respectable score of 26.5. With the show known for its regimented rehearsing schedule, many Coronation Street fans feared her character would be making an exit for her to focus on the competition. Joining the show in 2019 as Nina Lucas, the long-lost niece of Roy Cropper (played by David Neilson), Mollie has been part of many harrowing storylines. However, when speaking to Express.co.uk and other media publications, the actress revealed that despite practising for Dancing on Ice, she’ll remain in the soap. READ MORE:Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star     Speaking about whether Nina would be being written out of Coronation Street temporarily, she replied: “I’ve still been filming!” Dancing on Ice contestant Carley Stenson added: “I don’t know how Mollie’s doing it, she does 12-hour days shooting and then trying to skate, finding a rink that’s available." Mollie interjected: “I love being busy, it’s when you’re up North and you can’t find a rink! When asked what the hardest part of the training has been ahead of the first live show, Mollie touched on the struggle of being able to practise back home   She commented, “Finding a rink and finding the hours to do it!” Carley revealed the contestants are only allowed to practise for two hours a day as Mollie joked she wanted to do seven. Coronation Street is currently filmed on a set at MediaCity UK in Salford, Manchester with the ITV competition homed near Hemel Hempstead in Hertfordshire, on a rink at RAF Bovindgon. With the trip between the two locations taking three and a half hours by train, Mollie would be travelling for a total of 35 hours from Manchester to Hertfordshire each week, which is why she tries to find a rink closer to home. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street: Max Turner turns his back on David after sentencing [SOAP] Mo Gilligan sparks outrage with Brits fans over 'inappropriate' remark [REACTION] Emmerdale boss teases big Caleb Dingle revelation [VIDEO] With an array of Coronation Street stars featuring in the competition across the years, Mollie shared the advice her co-stars gave her ahead of her debut. She said: “They all just say it’s the best experience ever and it really is. “Also to enjoy it, there’s no point in panicking, it’s good fun. Just do your best and it’ll all be good.” So far in the competition, viewers have said goodbye to former Liberty X star Michelle Heaton, football legend John Fashanu and most recently Love Island winner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu.  Going head to head with EastEnders star Patsy Palmer, the 28-year-old was voted out of the competition after the four judges decided to save the actress over her. Visibly emotional over her exit, the reality star told hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby: “'We put so much time, and all the other work I had coming up at the time, this was my priority and I gave everything to it. “And I love it, I fell in love with the ice.” Dancing on Ice continues Sunday on ITVX and ITV1 from 6:25pm 