Drivers around the UK are being warned that they face fines and points on their licence if they run out of petrol or diesel on the roads. The warning comes from the AA, after one of its members was fined by the police for causing an obstruction after running out of fuel. Last year, the AA attended more than 10,500 breakdowns where members had run out of fuel or electrical charge – many of these on motorways or fast-moving roads. The high fuel prices and the cost of living crisis are thought to have contributed to this. Whilst running out of fuel isn’t illegal in itself, under current legislation, drivers can be fined a minimum of £100 and three penalty points if their car obstructs the road as a result of an avoidable breakdown. The same punishment can be handed down if running out of fuel is deemed to result in careless or dangerous driving. READ MORE: Driver surprised to find hidden compartment in car door If a vehicle causing an obstruction is found to be at fault for a collision, the penalty can be more serious. Rule 97 of the Highway Code states that before drivers set off, they should ensure they have “sufficient fuel or charge for your journey, especially if it includes motorway driving”. Edmund King, AA president, said that in some instances, there can be genuine reasons for running out of fuel, like a faulty gauge or undetected fuel leak. On occasions, cars may get stuck in jams for hours due to bad winter weather or miles of disruption leading to Channel ports which could result in running out of fuel. DON'T MISSPopular petrol station tip will 'cost you extra for nothing' [WARNING]Major MOT changes delayed as consultation date pushed back [SHOCKING]The most clocked cars on the market - Ford, BMW and more [FULL LIST] Mr King added: “Hence we advise to always have at least one-quarter of a tank of fuel. Likewise, some EV drivers might run low or out of charge if several chargers aren’t working. “One would hope that police officers would be reasonable in those circumstances. “But where drivers negligently run on fumes, leaving themselves and others in danger on the road, the weight of the law can be brought to bear on them. Don’t be a fuel gambler by running on fumes. “Most of the out-of-fuel cases the AA sees are a result of driver misjudgement, and the police have the power to give a warning or a penalty if it is deemed to be careless driving or causes an obstruction.” READ MORE: New plan will save electric car owners £1,000 a year He also advised that if drivers were running low on fuel, they can use the AA route planner to find the closest and cheapest fuel. When a vehicle, especially a diesel, runs out of fuel, it can lead to engine running faults further down the road. Modern diesel fuel systems rely upon the lubricants contained within the fuel to lubricate the surfaces of components such as the fuel pump and injectors – once these have been run dry their surfaces can become scored and cause issues weeks or months later. Nick Powell, AA Patrol of the Year, echoed Mr King’s statement, saying there are some situations where running out of fuel is “totally understandable”. However, the majority of cases he comes across involve drivers who have run out of fuel because they thought they could make it home or to a cheaper filling station. He continued, saying: “Running out can leave you in a potentially dangerous position. “Many people are finding the cost-of-living crisis difficult, and fuel costs do hit hard on the family budget. “We know anecdotally from our patrols that many people they rescue blame high fuel prices and the temptation to fill up as infrequently as possible. “Our advice is simply not to chance it – being stuck at the roadside is potentially very dangerous and inconvenient – so fill up before the fuel warning light comes on. “Adding the cost of a fine to the family budget will only increase the financial strain and can be avoided.”