Oleksandr Usyk’s promoter, Alexander Krassyuk, has hit back at claims that Tyson Fury deserves a greater share of the prize pot for their upcoming undisputed clash. Krassyuk says that he will accept no less than a 50-50 split. Both parties met on Tuesday for crunch talks ahead of the newly proposed April 29 fight date. The contest has been pushed back further and further with the two sides struggling to agree on the financial side of the deal. Originally, Saudi Arabia was the frontrunner to play host to the historic event. However, Saudi officials were reportedly unable to confirm whether their new stadium in Jeddah can be completed in time. As a result, Wembley Stadium, which had already been pencilled in as the backup venue, will be the new site for the four-belt shootout. Given that the pair will now be boxing in Fury’s home country, some have argued that Fury is entitled to a larger split of the purse, but Krassyuk retorted by reminding punters that Usyk has three belts while Fury only has one. “Yeah, but how can you justify this? Just because he’s English? Doesn’t sound [like a] big [justification],” Krassyuk told BoxingScene.com. “From the other side, Fury can say, ‘OK it doesn’t matter to me who I’m fighting. [Whether it’s] Usyk or the man from a supermarket, I can still sell out Wembley stadium.’ “But, c’mon man, this is sports. It’s not just about professional boxing. Go to Hollywood if you want to make that kind of money. If you’re the king you’ve got to prove it. Prove it against the guy with three belts.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Haye drops new Healy and Osborne 'throuple' hint with post Anthony Joshua relying on Usyk to make Fury fight dream a reality Fury to be 'underpaid' for Paul fight despite eye-watering payday Krassyuk though remains optimistic that he can thrash out a “fair deal” with Fury’s representatives over the coming days. “I anticipate we will have a good chance to do so,” he added. “I’m really optimistic. The only thing that can damage the fight [is Fury]. Usyk is very flexible, money never touched his heart. He knows if he’s successful in the ring, money comes his way — but the only concern I have is Tyson’s attitude. “If Fury is afraid to lose his popularity, to lose the status he has now—and against Usyk he has the biggest chance to lose it— he may not be flexible, he might ask for a bigger share to justify his risk. Probably for him this is the riskiest fight in boxing. But deep in my heart I believe he has the heart of a warrior and he will accept the fair conditions and will not walk around…then we can make this fight in the next three days.” 