A local councilor who stays close to the area where the police are searching for Nicola Bulley has reportedly received an “offensive” voicemail with a reference to the mother-of-two. The 45-year-old has been missing since January 27 when she disappeared while out walking her dog by the river in St Michaels-on-Wyre, Lancashire.  She had taken her dog Willow for a walk along a towpath by the River Wyre, and even logged into a work call around 9am. The dog was found later and Nicola's phone discovered on a bench looking over the water still logged into the conference call. Five of the six members of Inskip with Sowerby Parish Council, Lancashire have received mystery phone calls, reports claim. The calls have pushed the local councilors to hide their local contact details online as they were subjected to “offensive” remarks by unidentified callers.  The Mirror reported that the series of “mystery phone calls” rang between 12.45am and 3am on Saturday. A source close to the council told the publication that the copy of the call has been sent to the police. Talking about the content of the message, the source added: “Offensive, I wouldn’t say it was abusive, I would say it was offensive.” The source claimed that the caller did reference Nicola, however, would not give specifics about what was said. READ MORE: Earthquake off UK coast as 3.7 magnitude tremor hits North Sea Calling them some “nutter”, the source added: “I believe the police have identified the offender.” On Monday, Wyre Borough Council said in a statement that parish and town council members contact details had also been removed from its site. Garry Payne, Chief Executive of Wyre Council, said: "Everyone is deeply saddened by the ongoing Nicola Bulley case and our thoughts are with the family and friends. "We are supporting Lancashire Police where required and we urge everyone to remain respectful at this time."  DON'T MISS:Furious colleagues of teacher who 'took her own life' [INSIGHT]King Charles transforms Sandringham estate for the first time  [SPOTLIGHT]Australian town in ‘critical need’ of GP despite huge salary offer [REVEAL] On Monday, a forensic expert told Express.co.uk that he will launch his own investigation into possible “deposition sites” for Nicola Bulley as the police continue with their theory she fell into a river. Ms Bulley’s distraught family appealed to forensic dive expert Peter Faulding, from Specialist Group International (SGI), to help the detectives with their investigation. Mr Faulding and his team used world-leading sonar to scour the river but have since called off their marine search, which they carried out for free, after finding no trace of Ms Bulley. International search specialist Peter Faulding told Express.co.uk: “I’m talking to the family and obviously have vast experience finding buried bodies. “We’ve got to consider all options here, there has been that report of suspicious people hanging around. “I was frank with Paul and Heather the other day because we need to consider possible deposition sites, we don’t know. “I’m not saying the police aren’t doing that and what I don’t want to do is interfere with the police operation. Mine (investigation) will be low key, I will just be looking around for possible deposition sites.” The Lancashire police is also searching a caravan site just a short distance from where her phone was found. 