Death in Paradise has seen a change of cast members over the years and the BBC show even killed off lead detective Richard Poole (played by Ben Miller) in series three. JP Hooper (Tobi Bakare) left the show at the end of series 10 because he wanted to spend more time with his wife and daughters. The sergeant was quickly replaced by Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson), who was keen to make her mark. One character who didn't take JP's departure well, was Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles). The criminal-turned-trainee police officer felt JP had been a positive influence on him since joining the force. However, when he found out the news, Marlon ended up punching a suspect, which almost got him fired from the Saint Marie police force. Instead, JP took the blame, and he ended up leaving the island early. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show While bosses haven't confirmed his return, the actor who plays Marlon exclusively told Express.co.uk he would love to have Tobi back on the show. Recalling the moment he saw Tobi for the first time since his exit, Tahj said: "I asked him if he wanted to come back, and he said he was 'open to anything'. "I was like, 'Ok cool, let me do some talking' because I really wanted him to come back, I have always said that. "He also said in my podcast that he would have done one more season because of my character." "And if he was to change his mind it would have been because of Marlon," he added. "I have always said our story was well served but wasn't finished." Another show favourite Tahj would love to see come back is Florence Cassell, who left after almost getting shot in an undercover operation. He continued: "Of course, Florence, I love Josephine Jobert. She is amazing. I would love for her to come back. DON'T MISS...BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [REACTION]Emmerdale's Paddy leaves village as vet contemplates taking his life [SPOILERS]The One Show host issues apology after co-host makes error [VIDEO] "There are so many characters...even Sara Martins in series 10 as Camille was a lot of fun. "There is a lot of space for any of them to return, the door is always open." In series 12, Tahj's character went against the Commissioner's (Don Warrington) advice and applied for his sergeant exams. He has also been on hand to help Neville Parker (Ralf Little) to solve a string of murders. "They [Ralf, Don Warrington] have been in the industry for a very long time and have years and years of experience," the Marlon Pryce star said. "And to be working with them every single day is a pleasure and truly a blessing. "Not everyone has the privilege to work with people like that, let alone every single day. "I'll be watching them and they'll be dropping gems. Even though I am in my third year, I am still learning." Death in Paradise returns on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.