Because today on a very big stage in Moscow a very little man called Vladimir Putin was doing his Hitler tribute act. It was like the political equivalent of watching, y'know, "Queen" that isn't quite proper Queen with Freddie and Brian et al. Sort of the same, but a bit lower rent. Although given Mr Putin's professed fear of the gay community (does anyone else think he protests just a teensy bit too much about homosexuality?) perhaps Queen wouldn't be his first choice of bill-topper. It really was a tribute to the 20th Century's No1 dictator - whom Putin professes to hate while simultaneously turning himself into a carbon copy. We have become almost inured to Putin's lie-and-deny modus operandi and nobody sensible has believed a word the deranged sociopath has uttered for years. And yet the lies today - as he addressed a supine and terrified Russian parliament in Red Square almost one year after the invasion of Ukraine - were jaw-dropping even by Putin's standards. That oft-repeated Nazi trope of Joseph Goebbels that “if you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it," was, as ever, front and centre. But even Joe Goebbels might have baulked at some of Putin's claims. Because Putin over the years has refined the art of the big state lie. He doesn't just make unlikely things up, he takes the polar opposite - the actual total reverse of the empirical facts - and presents this as the truth to the alarmingly credulous Russian people. So, in no particular order, we had: The West started the war in Ukraine; Nope, that was you, Vlad. We used force in order to stop it; Nope, you used force with the slightly over-optimistic intention of occupying Kyiv and installing a puppet regime. Russia's military is invincible; Nope, Russia would have already been humiliated and sent packing if not for the sub-human, psycho mercenaries of the Wagner group. The objective of the West is infinite power; Nope, the West wants you to stop killing people and bringing back the Cold War Vlad. The West (and by this, he really means the US) requires complete submission to their will; Nope, we have this thing called democracy which means we can get rid of our insane psychos. Since 2021 the US has started wars resulting in 900,000 deaths; Nope, just you on that one Vlad. The US is using war to divert attention from their domestic scandals and corruption; Nope, you again. Ukraine's soldiers wear Swastikas; Nope, you're getting confused with the German occupiers in 1943. Paedophilia is now an accepted norm in the West; No it isn't you weirdo. On and on and on he droned for more than an hour and 40 minutes. And the assembled masses of political cronies leapt to their feet and cheered ostentatiously as required - well of course they did - not wishing to join Marina Yankina the latest Russian defence official to have fallen out of a window. (Honestly, Putin really needs to look into the shocking state of Russia's windows, they seem really dangerous.) Mykhailo Podolyak, political adviser to Zelensky immediately said Putin's speech showed he has lost touch with reality and added: "He is in a completely different reality, where there is no opportunity to conduct a dialogue about justice and international law." And indeed there was much to mock. But there was much to give us sleepless nights too. This speech was a textbook lynch mob address. Lie after lie appealed to the dark and fearful side of human nature, coalescing through hate and fear the way dictators always have done. So we had nationalism of course, and that re-badged and twisted patriotism of war. "Everyone understands," he said threateningly, "the connection of their personal life with the life of the motherland." Then there were appeals to save Russia's children - "We are going to do everything to bring to our land lasting peace. It's for our children and our grandchildren," he said. And who could argue? Then those well-known bedfellows religion and homophobia were mixed in - "family is the union of a man and a woman," he said, warning the West had even ripped up the "sacred texts" of the Bible. Then, a nod to the alt-right perhaps, he attacked the faceless "elites" which he said were "going crazy" and Russia's children needed to be protected (again). This was a Putin painting a picture of a Russia under attack from all quarters, a Russia which had done nothing wrong and yet a Russia the West wanted to tear down. And this was of course the real Nuremberg point of the speech. This was Hitler preparing the stormtroopers and their families. This was not a leader looking for a way out, this was an unhinged individual who knows he is so steeped in failure his only way out is total war. This was not a leader looking for peace, this was a dictator preparing his nation for a new and much more deadly phase of the war.