Arsenal fans have ruthlessly mocked their former goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez on social media after the Aston Villa star's errors gifted them a priceless victory in the title race. The Gunners came from a goal down to win 4-2 at Villa Park to reclaim their place at the top of the Premier League ahead of Manchester City, with Martinez's double gaffe playing a key role. The Argentinian could do little to prevent Bukayo Saka and Oleksandr Zinchenko's superb strike, nor could he keep out Jorginho's long-range effort that crashed off the underside of the crossbar and ricocheted off the shot-stopper into the net. But the ex-Gunners man was certainly at fault for the fourth goal after being caught up field for the corner and he apologised for his error. "Sorry Villa fans, you deserve better than this," Martinez wrote on his Instagram page to his 11.1 million followers. "We will work hard this week and give you a good response at home." Arsenal fans were understandably upset when Martinez decided to leave the club in 2021 after playing a key role in their FA Cup triumph. But it seems those feelings have quickly transformed into merciless mocking after the goalkeeper helped them claim a vital victory, with Gunners fans interrupting his apology in the comments section. READ MORE: Arsenal ace Gabriel Martinelli channels inner Ross Barkley before goal “Arsenal legend,” one user replied, while another taunted Martinez tweeting: “Did you try holding the ball for 30 seconds every time and then heading it in your own net?" A third fan chimed in with: “HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA GREAT GOALIE, THANK YOU FOR THE THREE POINTS,” while another said: “Once a gunner always a gunner Thank you Emi!” Martinez had been riding a wave of positivity after starring in Argentina's World Cup triumph in December, but the 28-year-old is feeling the harsh reality of club football and he could now find himself in hot water with his manager Unai Emery. It was Martinez who decided to sprint upfield for the corner in the dying seconds of the game, and that decision cost his side another goal as Gabriel Martinelli sprinted through to slide home into an empty net. The Spaniard made it clear in no uncertain terms he was unhappy with the goalkeeper's decision as he did not instruct him to go up for the corner. “I have never told my goalkeeper to go and score one goal in the 90th minute, because maybe – and I don’t know the data – maybe one goal in 100, maybe 20 times they [the opponents] are doing a counter transition and they are scoring 10 goals," Emery told BT Sport. "Today I am very disappointed and it is embarrassing for me, the last goal. Because I never told my goalkeeper to go to a corner to score a goal. It is not the spirit, we have to keep our mind clear and smart," Emery added. “You have to play 90 minutes. I never told my goalkeeper to do it. But today he decided it was his decision. He was not doing something about my decision because I didn't tell him, but now he knows. He knows now."