A 21-year-old woman claiming to be Madeleine McCann shared a video of her smile that she thinks is further proof she is the young girl. The woman is claiming she is Madeleine, who disappeared in May 2007 in Praia da Luz in the Algarve, Portugal. In an attempt to prove she is the missing youngster, she posted a video showing a picture of Kate McCann which transitions into an image of her own face, suggesting similarities between the two. Julia Wandelt, from Poland, has built an Instagram profile called @iammadelinemccan, now with 800,000 followers, posting dozens of pictures she thinks act as proof. The profile has been recreated by several fake Instagram accounts, which have also gained thousands of followers. In the bio of her original page, she stated: "Thank you for support! Kate and Gerry McCann agreed for DNA test!" Among the "proof" are a freckle on her leg and a speck in her eye in the same places as the missing girl. Wandelt has also annotated pictures of her eye, which appears to be a similar colour to Maddie's.  Despite public scepticism, a source close to the McCanns said the family is "taking no chances", reported BirminghamLive. "They are willing to look at all leads. It is important they look at all of the factors, the girl does look similar. There’s no disputing that," they said. On Friday (February 17), the woman claimed she had spoken to a person claiming to be Maddie's cousin who said there was a "possibility" to talk with Kate and Gerry McCann about taking a DNA test. READ MORE: Diving expert says Nicola Bulley found on 'perfect deposition site'  Users following the social media page have asked Julia some obvious questions, including how she was taken away. In one post, she claimed she didn't remember her childhood or being "taken away" but in an earlier post said she "recognised" one of the people wanted by police who looked like her "abuser". The latest breakthrough in Maddie's case was in 2020 when a German suspect publicly labelled Christian B was named by investigators. At the time, Clarence Mitchell, Maddie's parents' spokesman, said: "Kate and Gerry do feel it’s potentially very significant. They have welcomed the appeal; they’re not doing any interviews themselves about it because they wish the focus to remain on the police request rather than they themselves." He explained it was the first time in over 13 years that the police had focused on a specific individual, as far as he could recall. He added: "There have there been countless sightings, tipoffs, rumours, assumptions made largely by the media about A or B, which have all suddenly come to nothing. "Nor would I want to talk about any sense of hope or optimism around this one, given the circumstances. But, as I say, in my memory of being involved in the case, the police have never been quite so specific about an individual, as they have been in this appeal."   