Carbon monoxide alarms are a must, but to do their lifesaving work they have to be in the right position too - something not always realised. A life is lost every few days in the UK because of carbon monoxide, aka the silent killer, while one in five homes are estimated to have a faulty gas appliance, the most common source of poisoning. More than two million households are without a working CO alarm, despite the laws changing last autumn requiring installation in all social housing. Audible alarms must also be fitted in social and private rented properties where there is a fixed combustion appliance such as a gas fire. The regulations now require battery or mains powered CO alarms to be fitted when new appliances such as gas boilers are installed. But being installed in the right place is crucial too. National fire expert Ian Ballinger, projects director at leading alarm producer FireAngel, advises: “From 1 October 2022, housing providers in England have been required by law to install smoke alarms in all social housing properties.  In addition, audible carbon monoxide alarms certified to EN 50291-1:2018 are also required to be fitted in social and private rented properties where there is a fixed combustion appliance, excluding gas cookers. “The regulation changes will also require battery or mains powered carbon monoxide alarms to be fitted when new appliances such as gas boilers or fires are installed in any home. “Most battery powered CO alarms are designed to be installed quickly and simply, without the services of an electrician but always refer to the installation manual that comes with each alarm. “According to European Standard EN 50292, carbon monoxide alarms should be fitted in every room that has a fuel-burning appliance, such as an open fire, gas cooker or boiler, and can be wall or ceiling mounted. Ideally it advises that additional CO alarms should be located in bedrooms, relatively close to the breathing zone of the occupants, in remote rooms where occupants spend considerable time whilst awake and also be installed in any room where there is a flue running through it. For further information visit fireangel.co.uk