Strictly Come Daning and Coronation Street star Will Mellor explained he was left "terrified" while filming new series, World's Most Dangerous Roads, which will see him and pal Leigh Francis - AKA Keith Lemon - taking to some dangerous roads. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Will explained one particularly terrifying moment where he was "thrown about" on the mountaintops. The UKTV series will see existing friendships and rivalries tested to their limits as household name comics get behind the wheel for some of the most perilous conditions, phenomenal landscapes and riveting driving challenges to be found across the globe. The trips force stars out of their comfort zone as they journey through some of the world's most challenging routes and discover surprising things about themselves and their co-drivers. Will explained: "There were lots of funny moments - every day I was crying-laughing but every day I was terrified as well. "So it had a bit of everything. It was a real. It was an amazing journey. And it was really tiring and testing - our backs were aching. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ "We were in the car for eight, nine hours a day in the mall on these horrendous roads being thrown about." The 46-year-old added: "The thing about dangerous roads is we don't do the tourist thing. "We go over the mountain passes where, you know, sadly, a lot of people have died. "We went across this road called The Road of Crosses because of graves that are on this mountaintop where people have gone over the edge.  "So when we saw that, that was a real but-clencher! And Leigh - Keith - kept saying, 'Why are we doing this?' "And he asked, 'What happens if we go over the edge?' I went, 'Well, we're dead.'" Will described how Keith was a fearful driver, and so he had hoped the challenge would also get him "out of his comfort zone". DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow guest in tears over 'rare as you can get' plates [VIDEO]Nicola Bulley's heartbroken partner urges for land search [LATEST]Love Island couple on verge of split as pair face dumping from villa [VIDEO] Will also detailed how Albania had been an interesting place to explore. "No one really knew much about Albania," he stated. "There's always preconceptions, but what a beautiful place and the people were really friendly. "And I think it'll be a surprise to see what people think of it, what Albania looks like and what they think in their minds where it looks like. "We didn't get to see Albania the right way, I suppose because you wouldn't ever go and do this if you want on your holidays. "And it was absolutely stunning, and the people were great." Will's challenge comes just months after he pushed himself to break out of his own comfort zone on BBC's Strictly Come Dancing. Paired with Nancy Xu, he was a hit with viewers and judges on the show and managed to make it through tothe semi-finals. World’s Most Dangerous Roads starts on Sunday at 8pm on Dave. Watch the full series on UKTV Play. 