Spring is just around the corner but many areas of the UK are still experiencing bitter temperatures. Despite this, many households may be looking for ways to keep their homes warm without turning the heating on due to rising energy bills. While there are many ways to help save money and energy, other ways may not be so effective. Energy experts at ElectricalDirect said: “It is a trick that has been passed around for many years - the idea of making radiators more effective by placing tin foil behind them, and not letting heat escape needlessly into cavity walls. “However, if your cavity walls are already adequately insulated, putting tin foil behind your radiators will have little to no effect on your energy bills, as the cavity wall insulation is already there to keep heat in. “Even if tin foil was placed behind radiators installed on uninsulated cavity walls, the radiator will still need to be powered for the same period of time for it to have the desired effect, so any benefit is still minuscule in these circumstances.” Instead, to keep the warmth inside the home, make sure to regularly clean and bleed the radiator when needed to ensure it heats up correctly. READ MORE: Inside properties at risk under King Charles's 'slimmed down' monarchy Also make sure there is nothing blocking the heat source such as curtains or even furniture so it can circulate the room. Although turning water heaters off when not in use makes sense, the experts said turning boilers and and water heaters on and off will result in the tank needing to be repeated over and over again. Instead, the more efficient way to ensure you always have hot water when you need it is to invest in a high quality insulating jacket for the heater. The experts said: “You can heat up your tank to the desired temperature and keep it there for most of the day, possibly all day.” DON'T MISS:‘Toxic’ and ‘harmful’ spring plants to avoid cats and dogs eating [EXPERT]Houseplant expert shares 4 crucial jobs to ensure ‘happy’ plants now [COMMENT]‘Simplest’ and ‘most effective’ garden addition to ‘boost’ house price [EXPLAINER] To help save money on water bills, make sure to only use what you need, if you are on a pay as you go tariff. The energy pros continued: “Following a similar logic to the previous energy-saving myth, many believe that cranking your thermostat up to its very limit for a short period of time will conserve energy. “The purpose of a thermostat is to keep a room at a steady desired temperature, therefore it does not matter how much quicker the room heats up. “It will take the same amount of time to level back to the desired predetermined temperature, while still using the same amount of energy. READ MORE: Seven laundry ‘myths’ which could be ruining your clothes “It is recommended to only use your central heating when you are at home, and if you already have a smart heating system or are looking in to investing in one, you can set your central heating to turn on before you get home, so that by the time you arrive, the house will be at the perfect temperature.” This myth is also somewhat believable as it is true that black and dark coloured materials absorb heat faster than lighter ones. However, this is only the case with heat that is generated through light, so even though painting radiators a dark colour may be good to look at, it will do absolutely nothing to reduce energy bills. Jonathan Rolande, from HouseBuyFast, also shared a variety of different “myths” many people believe when it comes to saving energy. This included avoiding the dishwasher to wash dishes as well as using log burners in the thought it will save on bills. Dishwashers often have a bad reputation for using lots of energy and making people’s bills higher, but the expert said dishwashers are not as bad for the environment as everyone might think. In some cases, when used properly, the dishwasher could actually use less energy than hand-washing dishes. This is, of course, if it is fully loaded and organised properly, so that every dish and pan surface is accessible to the water. Be careful not to overload the dishwasher though, as this could result in some crockery not being cleaned properly.