Former MI6 head Sir Richard Dearlove has stated that there is a noticeable issue with Vladimir Putin's health, likely due to a diagnosis of Parkinson's. The Russian leader's downfall, possibly due to a decline in his health, has been reported for months due to his bloated face and shaky legs. This follows leaked spy documents obtained by The Sun Online which indicate he has pancreatic cancer and early-stage Parkinson's disease. Ukraine has previously suggested the use of body doubles for Putin and the country's spy chief has claimed he will pass away soon from cancer. Putin has also been seen with what seem to be IV treatment marks on his hand, fueling rumours of a cancer diagnosis and chronic pain Sir Richard said: "My view is there is still something wrong with him, medically, READ MORE: Next six months ‘absolutely crucial’ to conclusion of war in Ukraine, says CIA "I'm not a clinician, but I know a number of people have watched him closely, and they think the most likely explanation is Parkinson's. "There's no proof - but he shows quite a lot of the symptoms. If he does have Parkinson's, that can certainly impair your judgement. "The two favourite medical diagnoses through observing him is either Parkinson's or blood cancer, or maybe both. "But the Russians will be desperate to make sure Putin's health is a state secret." Putin has repeatedly ramped up his nuclear rhetoric since he ordered Russian troops into Ukraine almost a year ago, raising concern among Western allies and the public over whether he might actually use such weapons. The US-Russia committee formed under the treaty last met in October 2021, but Russia unilaterally suspended its cooperation with the pact’s inspection provisions in August 2022 to protest US support for Ukraine. Inspections of US and Russian military sites under the New START treaty were paused by both sides because of the spread of the coronavirus in March 2020. The U.S. State Department warned Tuesday that "Russia’s refusal to facilitate inspection activities prevents the United States from exercising important rights under the treaty and threatens the viability of U.S.-Russian nuclear arms control." DON'T MISS Fighter jets key to defeating Putin, Ukraine MP says [REPORT] Tory MP warns over 'dire state' of UK Army after damning US comment [INSIGHT] Putin warned Russians have 'no stomach for the fight' in Ukraine war [ANALYSIS] On Thursday Putin marked the 80th anniversary of the World War II Soviet victory over Nazi German forces in the battle of Stalingrad, and invoked the long and grueling fight as justification for the conflict in Ukraine. Putin laid a wreath at the eternal flame of the memorial complex to the fallen Red Army soldiers in Volgograd, the current name of the city, which stretches along the western bank of the Volga River. The memorial is dominated by an 85-meter (279-foot) sculpture of a sword-wielding woman, Europe's tallest statue. Afterwards, he said: “Now, regrettably, we see that the ideology of Nazism, in its modern guise, in its modern manifestation, once again poses direct threats to the security of our country. Again and again we are forced to repulse the aggression of the collective West.” Putin and other Russian officials frequently characterize Ukraine as a hotbed of neo-Nazi beliefs, although Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky is of Jewish descent.