Charity (played by Emma Atkins) is set to pull Cain into her latest drama after she recently received a worrying phone call. Charity's fiancé Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) has also been on edge after getting Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland) pregnant during a one-night affair. Charity recently moved Chloe into their home after knowing how it feels to be abandoned by family in a time of need, but is she getting close to the truth? Emma recently joined This Morning presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield to discuss the storyline and the upcoming stunt scenes. Discussing the mysterious phone call that Charity received, Emma explained: "I think it is the fact that everything is going so good in her life at the moment. "She is just fixing this [baby] mobile because obviously Chloe is living in the house and she is helping her, she keeps sending her to bed. "I think with Charity's historical abuse and her past and having had a child at 13, it resonates with her. "So I think even more the suspense is going to build in that way but she gets this phone call and blows her sideways, I can't tell you what it is but is it going to be gargantuan." READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending Speaking on upcoming scenes which air tonight, Phillip asked: "So this involves a bit of a car stunt." Emma excitedly explained: "It does, I got to do my own stunt! I loved it, and I asked if I could do it and they were like 'Are you sure?' "The guy who owned the Bentley was looking and thinking, 'Jesus...' and I was like, 'I am happy to do it, please! Honestly, trust me.' "I had to, I just pulled out of this tight spot and went down towards the church and there is a gate and Jeff [Hordley] was next to me going, 'Emma seriously now stop'. "I mean he got a bit worried. He's like my brother so he was a bit concerned that I was... I love working with him, I mean how can you not!" During last night's episode, Mack has been increasingly uneasy about Chloe’s presence, but things took a turn when Charity received a phone call with some mystery information. The news she received left her visibly shaken, with her strange behaviour worrying Mack in tonight's episode. She struggles to comprehend the news she heard on the phone, grabbing a bottle of vodka and heading out into the village. DON'T MISS...Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [INSIGHT]Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [WATCH] Nearby, Caleb Milligan (William Ash) is busy with a phone call of his own and fails to realise that he’s dropped his car key. Charity notices the key and picks it up, takes Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) along for the ride, and feeling forced to attend and sets out to find what is bothering her. Many fans are convinced that the phone call will be outing Mack and Chloe's relationship but others have another fear. Twitter user @charleywales1999 said: "I think it's that Zoe Tate has died. We know from the other posts that Noah is set to inherit money from Zoe so I think this call will be to tell Charity and Noah that Zoe's died and left Noah money." @nikki_ch_xx echoed: "I think it’s to do with Zoe Tate.. she leaves her shares or a lot of money to Noah, hence he is entitled to something which is going to Lord it over Kim?! That’s why they have been expressing Kim spending too much money on her lifestyle." @erinbreen28 posted: "I think it's something about Noah's dad's sister Zoe left something for him." @sianelizxx commented: "I think Zoe is dead … there’s a new girl joining and I think that’ll be her daughter." @margy_1954 added: "It's to with her past life something to do with Zoe and inheritance money that's left to Noah." (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.