Pippa Middleton is currently in St Bart's, the Caribbean, with her husband James Matthews and their three children for the half-term break. Pippa and James love to spend their holidays on the beautiful island of St Bart's, as James' family owns the Eden Rock resort, one of the most exclusive hotels and where the couple first met. The pair was last photographed on the Caribbean island in 2019 when they travelled with Pippa's brother James Middleton and his wife Alizee Thevenet. James' parents moved to St Bart's in 1995 after purchasing the hotel and have been living on the island since. St Bart's is one of the most luxurious and exclusive destinations for a summer holiday, but can you visit the dreamy spot? Currently, there are no direct flights from the UK to St Bart's and travellers have to fly to another Caribbean destination, like Antigua, and then take a connecting flight. READ MORE: Best method to pack a suitcase according to a flight attendant  Flights are available from £1,015 departing from London with British Airways this April and one of the best hotels to stay at is Eden Rock, Pippa Middleton's go-to resort. On Tripadvisor, travellers shared their thoughts on the hotel with Kerry K saying it was a "trip of a lifetime". "I'm not even sure it's possible to accurately convey the magic and perfection of this property. The water is calm and the most postcard-perfect shade of turquoise you could ever dream of. There is a reason every picture of this beach always shows people frolicking in the water". The Prince and Princess of Wales, Kate and William also love holidaying in the Caribbean and they have been photographed many times on the island of Mustique. However, it is unlikely the couple will be joining Pippa and James in St Bart's as they are scheduled to attend the BAFTAs on Sunday. Kate and William have enjoyed many holidays in the Caribbean with the kids but they prefer the island of Mustique where they normally stay at the luxurious Villa Antilles. A room in the luxurious resort is around £27,000 a week, a Channel 5 documentary revealed, and it is a no-fly zone, offering privacy to VIP guests. In her book Kate: A Biography, author Marcia Moody said that the island of Mustique is Kate and William's favourite destination. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' She explained: "The Caribbean island had become a favourite thanks to its old-fashioned charm. And the fact that it is totally private. "While other Caribbean destinations had been modernised, Mustique was still the exclusive and luxurious destination that had been a favourite of Princess Margaret and Mick Jagger." The royal biographer revealed what Kate enjoys doing on holiday: "Even when they were on holiday she remained active. "She spent their time horse-riding, playing tennis and practising yoga. Kate always returned from her holidays as brown as a berry." Pippa recently revealed that all the family like to remain active on holiday and at home. "[We] grew up in the countryside so being outdoors and involved in sport has been a passion and in my blood. "My parents inspired my love for walking in the mountains and both joined me and my brother to the first hut when we climbed Mont Blanc. "My father summited it with my sister a few years before," Pippa said during an interview with the running brand Hoka. Last year, Kate and William visited the Caribbean as part of a royal tour and they visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas.