The latest episode of Call the Midwife on BBC One left fans in tears as a new character was introduced. Sister Monica Joan (played by Judy Parfitt) was feeling a little redundant and left out at Nonnatus House. Whilst taking some time out at the allotments, she came across a furry friend. A seemingly stray dog ran up to her in need of assistance as he had a thorn in his foot. After Sister Monica Joan helped him, he would not leave her side and tried to follow her back to Nonnatus House. Realising the dog was not going to give up, the nun took him in whilst knowing pets were not allowed in the building. Wanting to come up with a plan to keep his presence a secret, she came up with a clever name for him. READ MORE: Call the Midwife's Violet star opens up on troublesome habit She decided to call the dog 'Nothing', so whenever someone asked her what the mysterious noise was she could respond with: "Nothing" and not feel as though she was lying. In the end, the dog's presence became known and Sister Monica Joan was heartbroken to give him up. However, the other nuns and nurses made clear he may belong to a family who were looking for him. Lo and behold, Nothing did in fact belong to a family and they were missing him dearly. Although she was disappointed to let him go, she was happy the dog had found his true home. After seeing the dog's bond with Sister Monica Joan, fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts. Debbie Blackman said: "Sister Monica Joan should have been allowed to keep Nothing" with a crying emoji. Jamie Klingler said: "Bawling to Sister Mary Joan and Nothing the dog." DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife star admits 'more problems to come'Call The Midwife fans predict Trixie Franklin childhood trauma storyHelen George height explained as Call the Midwife star takes spotlight Dr Clare Smith added: "Sister Monica Joan and Nothing the dog have made my Sunday. #CalltheMidwife" @smilecouples said: "Nothing is too cute. Wish Sister Monica Joan could have kept him." Jacqui Bennett commented: "Let Sister Monica Joan keep Nothing!!! I’ll sign the petition!!" One person wrote: "#CallTheMidwife tonight with the dog and Sister Monica Joan had me sobbing." Sadly it does not look like the dog will be returning for another episode as he has now returned home. In the upcoming episode, everyone is looking forward to Trixie Franklin (Helen George) and Matthew Aylward's (Olly Rix) wedding. A bonny baby competition also brings the community together, but trouble is brewing. Nurse Crane (Linda Bassett) and the team learn about a pregnant woman and her family living in a cramped caravan. Meanwhile, a worrying disease outbreak leaves the nurse feeling on edge.  Call the Midwife airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm