Manchester United are a team with their mojo back. After a decade of mediocrity, Thursday night’s stirring 2-1 win over Barcelona in the Europa League suggests the Red Devils are on course for a terrific season. Express Sport now takes a look at five clearly world-class players Erik ten Hag has at his disposal as he looks to win everything possible at Old Trafford. Many, including Jamie Carragher, were quick to write off Lisandro Martinez after the centre-back struggled in early season defeats to Brighton and Brentford. Nobody is doubting him now, however. Martinez has been a rock for United this term, with the 25-year-old clearly representing an upgrade on Harry Maguire. He was immense on Thursday night, managing to stifle Robert Lewandowski at the tip of Barcelona’s attack. Martinez may be small in stature but his aggressiveness and tenacity makes him one of the best defenders in world football right now. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Raphael Varane has been world-class for the best part of a decade. He was a huge asset for Real Madrid during his time at the Bernabeu, helping them win four Champions League titles throughout his spell in Spain. Last season, United didn’t really see the best of Varane with injuries preventing him from playing as regularly as he’d have liked. This term, though, it’s a different story. Varane was a vital asset against Barcelona and his partnership with Martinez is clearly going from strength to strength. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Casemiro is arguably the real reason why United are through to the last 16 of the Europa League. With his side trailing 1-0, the Brazil international made a fine double block - putting his body on the line - to keep Barcelona at bay. And his warrior-like performance in the middle of the park shows he’s one of the best signings United have made in years. Casemiro was able to outshine Sergio Busquets, which is no easy feat given the quality of the Barcelona star. And if he can stay fit until the end of the season, trophies will surely lie in wait. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Bruno Fernandes spoke to Rio Ferdinand before the game, revealing it was ‘all about the team’ for him. Initially, the midfielder struggled to make an impact against Barcelona after being deployed out wide. But Ten Hag, sensing a chance to turn the tide, then opted to put him in his favoured No 10 role instead. It was a decision that paid off and Fernandes was spectacular in the second half, providing the assist for Fred’s leveller. The odd flaw remains but the positives, certainly, far outweigh the negatives. Marcus Rashford was unable to add to his goal tally of 24 against Barcelona. But, despite that, there’s no doubt the England international has finally come of age. Rashford posed a threat when used down the middle and gave his all, chasing down the Barcelona backline and forcing mistakes whenever he could. Now, the onus is on Ten Hag to find his best position. Some think that’s on the left, others down the middle. Wherever he plays, however, there’s no denying Rashford is among the best players in the world right now.