A Republican has branded Joe Biden's State of the Union as "divorced from reality" as the GOP hit back at the 46th President hours after he addressed Congress. Kat Cammack, who was first elected to represent Florida's 3rd District in 2021, also alleged Biden failed to tell the truth in his 80-minute speech.  The 34-year-old told Express.co.uk: "Biden’s claims are completely divorced from reality. "He ignores the fact that Americans are less secure in all aspects of their lives - economic security, national security and safety within their owns." When asked whether Biden was laying the groundwork for his 2024 re-election bid, Cammack added: "Everything this President has done is for the sake of his political career at the expense of the American people." She continued: "First and foremost, the fact that this President lied and openly and brazenly stated falsehoods to Congress and the American people is deeply problematic.  "Second, the contents of his speech prove that his priorities are not the American people’s priorities." Numerous Republicans have responded to Biden's second State of the Union address, with GOP hardliner Marjorie Taylor Greene heckling the POTUS. Republicans were particularly outraged when the Commander-in-Chief blamed his predecessor Donald Trump for the nation's debt. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who previously served as White House press secretary, delivered the Republican Party's official response. Arkansas' Governor used the moment to slam Biden over the so-called culture wars.  However, President Biden focused his speech on addressing economic concerns and pushing for unity. The 80-year-old said: "Two years ago, the economy was reeling. "I stand here tonight, after we’ve created, with the help of many people in this room, 12 million new jobs, more jobs created in two years than any President has created in four years, because of you all, because of the American people." Despite inflation coming down in recent months, Biden oversaw consumer price index hitting a 40-year-high at 9.1 percent in June 2022.  Biden also claimed his administration has "made real progress" in delivering on its "unity agenda". However, while the POTUS championed bipartisan bills, he also challenged Republicans and yet again raised the January 6 insurrection. Taking aim at the GOP, Biden claimed: "Some of my Republican friends want to take the economy hostage." 