Meghan Markle was a style icon well before her Royal Family days. During her time on Suits, she spoke about the ultimate style rule which can do wonders for any outfit. The Duchess of Sussex knows a thing or two about fashion, having mastered street style, haute couture - and everything in between. In her Suits days, Meghan played stylish paralegal Rachel Zane, and was constantly spotted in fitted pencil skirts, business chic dresses and feminine yet professional shoes. During her seven year stint on the legal drama, Meghan picked up a thing or two about looking good. On Lunch Hour at NY Fashion Week in 2015, Meghan was asked about her personal style and fashion advice for other women. READ MORE: Meghan's fashion choice that Princess Diana would avoid - pictures  Joe Zee questioned the then-actress on her top style tip for women who want to "dial up their personal style". Meghan replied that for her, the "most important thing you can do is tailoring". She elaborated: "You think that it's not going to make a big impact but if it fits you to a T you look a million times better." The now Duchess explained that tailoring was key to her role, with the actors breathing in before having their costumes fitted. "I learnt that on Suits, we literally do our fittings on the inhale - one, two, three [suck in] and then get all the sizing right." Even though having clothes tailored is an added expense, Meghan said that having perfectly-fitting clothes makes someone look "fantastic". Masterclass experts shared some top tips for anyone looking to get their clothing tailored. It's a great option for those who have fallen in love with an outfit that just happens to be a little bit too long or loose. READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie stepped out as near style twins - pictures  Having a garment tailored to fit you like a glove can create a polished look and add a real wow-factor. According to Masterclass, there are three huge benefits of tailoring: it can make clothes look "high-end", it complements the individual's "unique body" and can even bring clothes back to life when they're in need of repair. For anyone going to a tailor before a big event, ensure you aren't leaving things too late. It's crucial to give your tailor enough time to work their magic - no one wants a "last-minute tailoring emergency" or for their item not to be ready on time. It's important to be aware of the tailor's strengths and limits. They may not feel comfortable undertaking certain projects, in which case go to a specialist. Also be aware that costs can vary depending on the complexity of the job. With a new tailor, people should start small by having basic alterations made so they can assess whether they like their work. Finally, having a few repair tricks in your back pocket, for example using hem tape, is a godsend for those who don't have the time to visit a tailor.