 Kevin Costner quickly became a fan favourite for his role as John Dutton when Yellowstone first premiered on Paramount Network in 2018. Although the series has yet to return from its mid-season break, the beloved rancher could meet his death after season five.   Yellowstone could come to an end in true western fashion, with John Dutton defending his family until the bitter end. As the drama has yet to be renewed for a sixth season, sources close to the show have revealed Yellowstone bosses are trying to persuade Costner to reprise his role. However, it's suggested the hit series could end after season five, which will resume production in April. As Costner has yet to sign on for a potential sixth season, it has been reported by Deadline the show’s creator Taylor Sheridan grew frustrated with the actor’s commitment to other projects. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show   With Costner’s departure becoming a major possibility, a source disclosed his character is being written out with a similar exit as the 1972 classic, The Godfather. The insider revealed: “Taylor has always made it clear that this show should mirror the emotional power of The Godfather, with seismic exits and storylines.” According to The US Sun: “Kevin loves that idea too. “The key scenes in the show start filming again in April and only Taylor knows what the finale will be.”    The source warned: “He can change anything in the script at the last moment. “But currently there is an acceptance that the time Kevin has left on screen is much less than what he has already filmed.” Alongside Costner's future on the show, there have also been reports of the Yellowstone franchise expanding with two new spin-offs. A modern-day version of Yellowstone titled 6666 is in the works, while A-lister Matthew McConaughey is tipped the lead the cast of another. DON'T MISS...BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [REACTION]Derek Chavez remembered in 1923 title card as star dies aged 32 [INSIGHT]1923 family tree shows how Spencer Dutton is related to John Dutton [INSIGHT]  Following the success of the show’s prequels, 1883 and 1923, bosses could move forwards with another two spin-offs set in the 1940s and 1960s Speaking to The US Sun, the insider added: “Taylor has openly discussed with chiefs how he envisions the Yellowstone franchise as an opus covering seven generations of Duttons. “The success of 1923 has been enormous and now a series set in the 1940s provisionally called 1944, is being developed. “And then there is already a 1960s idea in the early planning stages.”     Although these reports of Costner's exit are yet to be confirmed, a spokesperson for Paramount told Express.co.uk: “We have no news to report. “Kevin Costner is a big part of Yellowstone and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come. "Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. “Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner.” Yellowstone season 5 returns in the summer of 2023 on the Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK. 