On Monday, First Lady Jill Biden began the week in Mesa, Arizona to highlight a scholarship programme that offers high school students two of years tuition-free education at the local community college. However, on social media fans were amazed at the purple suit Jill Biden wore to the event, and some speculated on the hidden meaning of the fashion choice.    The First Lady posted on both Instagram and Twitter pictures of the education event, in which she was wearing a lilac purple pantsuit accessorised with golden jewellery. Fans immediately commented on the fashion choice. One user wrote: “Dr Biden, purple really suits you!” while another fan said that the pantsuit was “so beautiful and stunning!” However, some political fans noticed a similarity between the purple outfit Jill Biden wore last week and her outfit on Monday, and some commented on the hidden meaning of the outfit. One insightful fan wrote: “You have been wearing purple a lot, is this another call for peace?” Last week, Jill Biden stole the show by wearing a vibrant purple dress to the State of the Union address, in which Joe Biden gave a speech calling both the Democrats and Republicans to work together. The President said: "If we could work together in the last Congress, there's no reason we can't work together and find consensus on important things in this Congress.”  READ MORE: Jill Biden and Martha Stewart's unlikely Super Bowl friendship Some people have theorised that the First Lady’s purple dress was purposely chosen to represent both the colours of the two political parties, as the colour purple is created when red and blue are combined together. On social media, some people praised Jill Biden for the look, as one user wrote “The First Lady’s outfit is so pretty…is this appealing to bipartisanship?” while another commenter said: “Subliminal messaging by [Jill Biden] with a purple dress, the colour of bipartisanship”. Another fan pointed out that Vice President Kamala Harris was also wearing purple, in her Christian Siriano suit, and wrote: “Notice that [Jill Biden] and [Kamala Harris are wearing purple tonight, a sign of hopes for bipartisanship which surely will be dashed.” DON'T MISS:Queen Rania and Jill Biden turn heads in 'very patriotic' outfits  [REPORT]Twitter reacts to moment Jill Biden appeared to kiss Doug Emhoff [REVEAL] Jill Biden wears a custom version of $16k dress for Grammys appearance [INSIGHT] However, the calls for cooperation between the political parties may have worked as even former president Donald Trump took to social media to say something positive about the First Lady’s purple outfit. Donald Trump, who is hoping to run as the Republican candidate in the 2024 presidential election, made a series of posts about President Joe Biden’s State of the Union Speech on his social media platform but complimented Jill Biden. The former president said Jill Biden was “looking lovely” in her “beautiful” purple dress. He also added she was “clapping and applauding with great enthusiasm.” Despite the serious nature of the event, Joe Biden won over some in the crowd by joking with the First Lady before the beginning of the 73-minute speech. The President gestured to his wife to applause and joked "By the way, chief justice, I may need a court order. She gets to go to the game next week; I have to stay home." Jill Biden represented her home state of Philadephia during the Superbowl this week as she travelled with her grandson to cheer on the Philadelphia Eagles. President Biden himself meanwhile had to stay at the White House to continue with work but assured fans he would be “watching from home” while snacking on some chocolate chip ice cream. The First Lady stunned fans in her custom-made dark green football jersey, which read “Biden 46”, which references President Biden being the 46th president. She posted a slow-motion video of herself in the jersey and captioned the video “Fly Eagles Fly” One fan wrote on Instagram: “How can you be this iconic? Go birds!” while another said “I don’t often care for football, but I love this look so much! You always have the best outfits.”  