Chelsea head coach Graham Potter has admitted there could be a language barrier with new signing Enzo Fernandez in the early stages of his career in England. Fernandez joined Chelsea on a British-record £107million deal on transfer deadline day, Potter's eighth addition of the January window. Earlier in the month, the Blues' hopes of luring him to Stamford Bridge looked over after refusing to meet Benfica's demands to trigger his release clause. However, they reignited their interest in the 11th hour and confirmed his arrival after the 11pm deadline on Tuesday, submitting a deal sheet to ensure the deal didn't fall through. Potter has hailed Fernandez as 'impressive' and expressed his excitement to work with him but admitted they might not be able to understand each other at first. He told reporters: "We've got to go through the paperwork and get the clearance and all that. "My Spanish isn't great, and his English isn't great, but we'll get there. He is an impressive young man, and we're looking forward to working with him." JUST IN: Graham Potter confirms 'awkward' talks as trio face squad snub Potter also confirmed he didn't get caught up in the transfer whirlwind on deadline day while he continued to prepare for Friday night's trip to Fulham in the Premier League. But he branded Fernandez a 'fantastic player' and shared his delight that the Chelsea board managed to push the deal through. "I'm the head coach, so I don't get too involved in the nitty-gritty of deadline day. I am focused on the next day's training and preparing the team for Fulham," Potter explained. "I've been involved too long to know that there are some things you can't control, and I couldn't do anything at that point to change things. DON'T MISS: Chelsea trio set for wage cut if Potter fails to make Champions League "I found out [about Fernandez] when it was done, and I'm very pleased because he is a fantastic player." Fernandez could make his Chelsea debut as early as against Fulham on Friday, with Premier League clubs required to register their squads by tonight at 11pm. Next Saturday's trip to West Ham United could be a more likely opportunity to make his Blues bow, though, offering him a week to train with his new team-mates. Chelsea will hope they can start a second-half-of-the-season bid for an unlikely top-four finish at Craven Cottage. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here