Linda Nolan, 63, has been made miserable by common cancer side effect lymphedema for years, which can cause painful swelling and irritation - but she has now discovered a treatment that looks set to improve her condition. She has been left "astonished" by the dramatic effect it has had on her level of suffering. "Had another great day today, trying out a brand new lymphedema treatment," the star shared excitedly on Twitter. She continued in view of her 15,300 followers: "I’m astonished by the results and a little bit emotional. "Can’t wait to show you the full before and afters in a few weeks time." Linda was originally diagnosed with breast cancer back in 2006, a disease that her late sister Bernie, and fellow sister, Anne, have also suffered. She received the bad news that the disease had returned during the coronavirus lockdown. READ NOW: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap It has been ten years since Bernie's premature death, aged 52, and Linda was devastated at the loss. However the survivor is adamant that she is "living with cancer, not dying from it", as she declares defiantly on her profile. Now that she has found solace in an experimental lymphedema treatment, it looks as though the future is brighter for her than ever before. The star, who first found fame in the 1970s along with her four sisters, including Loose Women star Coleen, as part of the pop group The Nolans, detailed her suffering previously. The condition first began after she had a mastectomy as part of her cancer treatment in 2006. "For the past 15 years, this is something that has plagued me and now it’s gotten worse - I now have it in my right arm," she lamented in frustration. She explained to the Express: "Lymphedema is when one or both arms or legs swell up. It's caused by removal of or damage to the lymph nodes as part of your cancer treatment. "In my case, my lymph nodes were removed during my mastectomy and they were infected - which then developed into lymphedema." DON'T MISS... JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [DEBATE] Brooklyn Beckham mocked as he surprises wife Nicola in just a towel [PICTURES] Liz Hurley astounds fans in totally nude Valentine's Day photoshoot [VALENTINE'S DAY]  She added that she had "learned to live with" the inflammation, adopting strategies including wearing looser tops to avoid making the condition worse. However, treatments haven't always been easy for Linda. In fact, she halted a course of chemotherapy last year over how unwell it was making her feel. "I stopped [it] because it was affecting my quality of life," she revealed to the Mirror. Recalling the spate of "constant treatments", she explained: "It affected my legs and I had a fall while I was in town.  Following the news that her latest lymphedema treatment has provided promising results, she received a flood of support from well-wishers on Twitter. These included a comment from DJ Pat Sharp, who sent a prayer emoji to let Linda know that she is always in his thoughts. Meanwhile, one fan, @kjr4863 exclaimed: "That sounds promising, hope it helps xx 10 years yesterday since my breast cancer diagnosis, life is still a rollercoaster but today I’m off with my husband for a Valentine meal!"