Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre was met with derisive commentary after claiming Joe Biden is the "best communicator" the White House has. Both Jean-Pierre and Biden have faced criticism over their ability to communicate with the public, with detractors repeatedly hitting out at their transparency. The President has been picked on over multiple stumbles and blunders during his speeches since his election. Biden has often cited his stutter as the reason behind his verbal mistakes, admitting in the past the condition does become worse when he is under stress or particularly tired. Jean-Pierre made the outstanding comment as a member of the press pool asked whether members of Biden's team consider the president as "equally adept in all settings in terms of communication" during the daily briefing. The Press Secretary simply said: "I will tell you this. The President is the best communicator that we have in the White House." Examiner columnist T. Becket Adams took to Twitter to challenge her claim, writing: "Compared to Buttigieg (McKinsey speak), Kamala (Predictive Text speak), and the actual WH spokeswoman herself (*Loading Text*), this ... this is a true statement. JUST IN: US-China on brink of 'full on conflict' as downing of balloon sparks new Cold War  "Biden actually is the best communicator the WH has to offer. Oh God." American commentator Tomi Lahren said: "Welp, if this is true we are SCREWED." Singer Placido Domingo Jr jokingly commented: "The eloquence! The command of the English vocabulary !! The mastery of Shakespeare’s eloquence !!! Shock and awe." US veteran Ben Ware said: "2024 can’t get here fast enough! It’s definitely apparent that this is bipartisan! We need leadership that brings Americans back together as a united country! READ MORE: Cancer warning after train derails with dangerous gas "The list of things that are wrong is lengthy! Both sides bring your best to get Americans back in the mindset strength!" And Ted Cruz's communications special adviser Steve Guest said: "The guy can’t utter coherent sentences on a regular basis… but at least he hasn’t called Canada Canadia.” Guest referred to an incident earlier this week during which Jean-Pierre stumbled through her response to a probe into why the United States had shot down a UFO in Canadian airspace. As she attempted to respond, the White House Press Secretary said: "Because it's part of NORAD. NORAD is part of a, like, part of a...it's...what you call? A coalition, a consortium. The pact. "So that's why we were able to do it. Again, we didn't do it on our own, we did it, clearly, in step with Canadia - Canada." DON'T MISS:Nikki Haley dubbed ‘unfit for POTUS' as 'insane' video unearthed [REPORT]MSU and Sandy Hook shootings survivor, 21, calls for tighter gun laws [INSIGHT]US Senator’s warning over Chinese spy balloon - 'Lock your doors' [ANALYSIS] The Biden White House has been plagued by criticism of the echelons of the administration for their failure to communicate clearly with members of the public. Kamala Harris has not escaped the negative press over her own skills, with even the Daily Show hitting out at the Vice President. In October last year, the comedy show's official Twitter profile shared a clip comparing Harris's rhetoric with the fictional character of Selina Meyer from the satirical political show Veep. The clip showed actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus deliver a speech in character as Meyer: "My fellow Americans, words have many meanings and sometimes instead of conveying our meaning they can suggest other meanings." The video was followed by footage of Harris's circular speech pattern, notably during the delivery of a speech at the Children’s National Hospital in Washington, DC. During the event, the Vice President said: "When we talk about the children of the community, they are the children of the community." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews