Victor Wembanyama is so sought after that multiple NBA teams are expected to ‘tank’ in the second half of the season and ‘intentionally’ lose games to secure one of the league’s worst records to gain the best odds of landing him with the first pick of the NBA draft. Many starlets have been touted as the next big thing but when ESPN’s NBA insider, and former Cleveland Cavaliers reporter, Brian Windhorst says you are ‘as big, as young and as skilled’ as anyone he’s ever seen in the modern NBA, the hype is probably justified. The NBA world at large was introduced to the 19-year-old Frenchman with a pair of startling showings against the league’s G League Ignite team in Las Vegas last October. But the boy wonder had been wowing fans in his native France for some time with dazzling displays for Nanterre 92 ahead of a season with EuroLeague ball club ASVEL. Like many sporting prodigies, Wembanyama played a variety of sports in his younger years, but with the genetic advantages which stem from being the offspring of two six-foot-plus former athletes, basketball quickly became his main focus. In Sports Illustrated’s recent profile of the teen sensation, Wembanyama explained how crucial his family’s support has been in keeping him grounded. “There will never be people who know you better than your own family,” he told the publication.  “My family is part of me, they’re the people I love most on the earth. I just couldn’t do it without them.” Wembanyama’s father, Felix, stands at around 6 foot 6 ins and is a former athletics star while his mother, Elodie de Fautereau, 6 foot 3 ins, is a former player and youth coach. His older sister, Eve, 21, now plays professionally for Monaco and younger brother, Oscar, 15, has popped up at his former team’s youth setup in Lyon. The French starlet’s mammoth frame certainly attracts most of the headlines but as his former coach, Karim Boubekri, explained to Sports Illustrated, it’s actually his ability to pick up new skills which sets him apart from his peers. “He’s able to reproduce moves very quickly,” he told the outlet. “He’s always been able to try risky things [and] sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn’t, but he’s always been very calm and poised.” Those qualities have been on full display during the 2022/23 campaign with French side Metropolitans 92 as the future superstar leads the league with 22.2 points per game, 9.5 rebounds and 3.1 blocks. He recorded four straight 30-point games in December before captaining the French team in the LNB All-Star game where he recorded 27 points, 12 rebounds and four assists to become the showpiece event’s youngest-ever MVP. “Everyone’s been called a unicorn over the last few years,” LeBron James told reporters after Wembanyama’s startling cameo in Las Vegas last year. “But he’s more like an alien. No one has ever seen anyone as tall as he is but as fluid and as graceful as he is on the floor.” Fitting that, James, the last prospect to garner this level of hype in 2003, would offer such a glowing reference of the youngster’s game and, though unfair, Wembanyama’s career will likely be judged alongside that of the 38-year-old as well as fellow big man and NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. Injury risk is the only real concern for NBA talent scouts - the Les Chasney native has certainly had his fair share of niggles - but despite the expectation and the huge upcoming demands of leading the French national team in the home Olympics of 2024, Wembanyama refuses to succumb to the pressure. “There’s really no pressure,” he told Sports Illustrated. “I’ve thought about this and I know young players feel a lot of pressure and [can] lose their minds. The reason I don’t feel it is because I’m just focused on my goals. I don’t care about the rest.”