Two teenage schoolboys have been seriously injured in a car crash while they were walking to school today. A car colliding into a wall hit the boys, both 15, while they walked to Rossett School in Harrogate. Teachers from the boys’ school say they rushed to help emergency services after hearing the "shocking" news. The emergency services attended the scene nearby Ashville College in Harrogate, North Yorkshire at around 8.46am today after calls from the public. The boys, who were hit on Yew Tree Lane, suffered serious injuries and were taken to hospital. Their parents have been informed about the horror crash. North Yorkshire Police said: "At 8.46am a member of the public called 999 after a collision took place on Yew Tree Lane, near to Ashville College. READ MORE: Police drop attempted rape charges against Man Utd's Mason Greenwood  "The two injured boys were pedestrians and were injured when a vehicle collided with a wall at the location. "The boys have been taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries by Yorkshire Ambulance Service." Peter Saunders, headteacher of Rossett School added: "Earlier today, we were shocked to learn that two of our students were involved in a road traffic incident close to our school. "Our staff immediately attended the scene alongside colleagues of Ashville College and the emergency services to provide support." "Our primary concern is that of our two students and their families at this challenging time. "We send our very best wishes to them and we will continue to support any other students at the school who have been affected by this." Roads have been closed off including Yew Tree Lane while police look into the incident. A North Yorkshire Police spokesperson added: "Road and path closures are in place while emergency crews attended the location and an initial investigation into the incident is carried out.    "Please make alternative arrangements if you plan to travel in this area. "This will have been a distressing incident to witness, and we urge those who have been affected by the events to seek the necessary help if needed." According to the headteacher of Ashville College, Rhiannon Wilkinson, her staff gave first aid to the boys. She added that an air ambulance was included in the emergency response. She said the college has written to its parents about the incident. Anyone with information about the incident had been urged to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 quoting the reference number NYP-02022023-0100.   