Martin Lewis was back on ITV screens this week, delving into pensions, and highlighting Pension Credit: a payment which could provide valuable support to hundreds of thousands of older people. Mr Lewis said: “If you know someone of state pension age and they have a low income, the most important message we need to spread is Pension Credit. “It is a top-up to your pension income. “My rule of thumb is that if you are single, with income under £200 per week, or a couple with income under £300 per week, check it out. “I’m not saying you’ll get it, but it’s worth checking out. “The Government website has a calculator, or you could call the Pension Credit helpline. READ MORE: Women over 70 urged to check if they are owed state pension payments “Over 800,000 lower income pensioners are not getting this vital income top-up. “It can be worth £3,500 per year, this is big money!” At present, Pension Credit tops up the weekly income of a single person to £182.60. Couples can expect to see their joint weekly income boosted to £278.70 by Pension Credit. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised' [INSIGHT]HMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [WARNING]Tax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more [EXPLAINED] Some people with savings or a second pension may also be entitled to a further sum known as Savings Credit. Both of the following must apply: These individuals will get up to £14.48 a week if single, and up to £16.20 a week if they have a partner. Pension Credit is also commonly described as a ‘gateway benefit’, making it even more valuable. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak ‘needs to worry’ about raising tax rate to 25% Those in receipt of the sum could receive further help in other aspects of their lives to alleviate any financial burden. Mr Lewis continued: “It can enable you to get so many other things. “Cheaper council tax, if you’re over 75 a free TV licence, lower water bills, the energy cost of living support payments. “There’s so much that relies on Pension Credit, that 800,000 people on low income are missing out is a tragedy.” Some may even be eligible for assistance with housing costs, such as Housing Benefit, council tax reduction or support for mortgage interest. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As a result, the founder of Money Saving Expert urged people to look into a claim. Britons will need to have the following information to hand: Individuals are also likely to need their bank account details when applying for Pension Credit.  Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip. The Martin Lewis Money Show Live continues on March 7, 2023 at 8pm.