Express.co.uk spoke to two hair experts who advised what to do when your hair starts to change colour and texture as you reach middle age. They gave their best tips on which hair colour, style, and cut look best on middle aged women. Polly Rhodes, hair colourist at Cally Borg Hair, said: “There’s definitely a stigma towards older women with longer hair, but you definitely shouldn’t feel obliged to chop some off. “It’s a completely personal choice and shouldn’t be an expectation. If you do want to go shorter but you're not ready to go short that’s absolutely fine - mid-length hair is very much having a moment. “It’s so versatile and can look super chic. Mid-length hair can be kept simple depending on your lifestyle and how long you want to spend on your hair.” How you cut your hair depends on your face shape, Polly stressed. READ MORE: 50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream She continued: “Depending on face shape you can have some shorter bangs to add volume and something around the face - shorter face frames are very on trend this year. “Fringes are also a quick way to inject a bit of on-trend youth, and have the added benefit of covering the forehead where we tend to gain some lines.” As for grey hair, Polly said that “embracing it can be daunting to start with, but grey blending is one of our favourite things to do here at Cally Borg Hair”. “The volume of grey hair will direct how we go about this,” she explained. DON'T MISS:James Martin’s recipe for the ‘best’ peppercorn sauce [VIDEO]Letitia Dean ‘looks amazing’ after dropping four dress sizes [PICTURES]Harry holds ‘naive view’ for future with Royal Family expert claims [COMMENT] “It may be adding some lighter pieces to break up old colour or adding some depth in the likes of a lowlight. One of my favourite techniques is a very gentle root tap - when a tiny amount of your natural colour is applied just on a small amount of hair at the root - with a gloss colour to blend over the greys with a tone. It doesn’t give 100 percent coverage but it softens the grey.” Polly added: “To feel and look your best when it comes to hair, have an in-depth conversation with your stylist about creating your own plan, because every colour journey is different. “We love sitting with our clients and creating mood boards as a vision for us both. Regular visits to keep on top of colour and cut are important to ensure you don't get to the point of it feeling out of control. “Make that time for yourself - your hair is the accessory you wear every day so get that right and you’ll feel amazing.” READ MORE: Skincare experts share ‘key’ to preventing ‘wrinkly and saggy’ skin Jamie Stevens, who is the resident hairdresser at ITV’s Lorraine, said one should look at their skin colour and eye colour to determine which hair colour is best for them. He explained: “Going with the greys is a bold choice if you also want to stay looking youthful and it doesn’t suit everyone’s skin colour - it can wash you out on some skin tones. “When it does suit and is worn with confidence it can look super chic and comes with the benefit of saving you plenty of time and money on getting your roots done every three weeks. “If you start to grey and you don’t like what you see, an option is to start having some balayage, which is low maintenance, keeping a longer time between appointments and blending the greys in subtly.” Jaime continued: “Choosing a similar tone to your natural hair or a little lighter will disguise the greys you do have. When you have naturally dark hair and you go grey the contrast of the grey and the dark can make your roots extremely noticeable, and a root regrowth will start showing a couple of weeks after your hair appointment. “Keeping your hair dark when going grey can unfortunately be higher maintenance, but in the meantime, there are plenty of cover up sprays and crayons that can see you through a bit longer to your next appointment. “Blonde hair or lighter hair can go a lot longer without having colour done as the light hair and the grey aren't much of a contrast, so gives the illusion of no roots.” As for the best cut for middle aged woman, Jaime said it depends on what suits the individual and helps them “exude confidence”. “Middle age isn’t old so if it suits you, anything goes, but face shape is very important, as is hair type and lifestyle,” the expert added. “As you get older your hair texture changes, especially if you are going grey as this hair feels drier and more coarse, so changing the products you use to style it and wash it can make a big difference. I always think as you get older it’s not about following trends, it’s about what suits you and classic is always chic - but it doesn’t mean you can’t have fun with it.”