WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from the Happy Valley series finale Sally Wainwright’s love letter to Yorkshire, Happy Valley, closed the curtains last night (February 5). The show has been on screens for the period of almost a decade with season three really upping the ante as it finished. However, not everything was wrapped up neatly in a bow with some things left open-ended and viewers wondering what happened. 1. Why did Poppy Hepworth always wear her coat? The big one was why schoolgirl Poppy continued to wear a coat all the time, even when she was in the house and not cold. This plot point was later addressed by Joanna Hepworth actress Mollie Winnard, who said it was a form of protection for the child. While Poppy’s sister seemed to ignore what was happening, the younger sibling needed a layer or a barrier to shield her from her parents’ abusive and violent relationship. However, this was a separate interview rather than during the course of the BBC show. READ MORE: Countryfile backlash as fans scream at BBC over Adam mining segment 2. Did Clare and Neil break up? Ryan Cawood (played by Rhys Connah) confirmed his great-aunt Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finneran) and her boyfriend Neill Ackroyd (Con O’Neill) weren’t talking. Fans were in the dark about whether they had split up over allowing Ryan to see his father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) in jail. Clare and Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) fell out over the big secret with Neil also enabling Ryan to see his son. Perhaps Clare chose her sister over Neil after realising the error of her ways but the whole thing seemed an unknown. 3. What happened to the three men Tommy killed in the field? A big plot hole seemed to be the three men working for the Knezevics, whom Tommy had brutally bumped off after he was moved from his location. As the police raided Tommy’s location shortly after he left, the camera panned up to reveal the three corpses left in his wake. Surely, the police would have eventually found them but it seemed strange it took a while for the bodies to turn up. Moreover, surely, wouldn’t Darius Knezevic (Alec Secareanu) have tried to send more mobsters after Tommy when word got back to him? 4. Did Faisal get caught for Joanna’s murder? Although Catherine managed to link the prescription pills to chemist Faisal Bhatti (Amit Shah), there didn’t seem to be anything suggesting he had been caught for killing mother-of-two Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard). He seemed to have got away with murder but was going to be getting in trouble for the pills. Viewers had to make up their own minds about what happened to Faisal and if he would have got taken down for the murder as well. Considering, Faisal seemed to be teetering on the brink of a breakdown as the pressure of killing Joanna was getting to him, it seems highly likely the pharmacist would cave under police interrogation. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [THEORY]Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'failed miserably' [INTERVIEW]Happy Valley viewers blast 'disappointing' finale [VIEWER REACTION] 5. Was Nev Gallagher working with the Knezevic family? Businessman Nevison Gallagher (George Costigan) mentioned the idea of going to Spain for a holiday to get away from the drama of Tommy. However, this suggestion came at a time when Tommy told Ryan about his Marbella plan. The two plans seemed to be more than a coincidence and there could have been links here between Nev and the mafia. Again, this was left unanswered and open-ended as there was clearly something here. Happy Valley seasons 1 to 3 are streaming on the BBC iPlayer