HM Treasury now views our retirement savings as a national slush fund, to be dipped into during times of trouble. Former Chancellor Gordon Brown set the precedent in 1997, when he scrapped tax relief on pension firms' dividends. That move has cost savers £200billion so far and destroyed gold-plated workplace final salary pensions, by making them too expensive to run. Subsequent Chancellors have slashed the pension lifetime allowance, the amount you can build before incurring a punitive 55 percent tax charge, and the annual allowance, the maximum you can save each year. At every Budget, rumours swirl that tax relief on pension contributions will be slashed. Just before Christmas, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) suggested imposing inheritance tax on people’s pension funds when they die, in a move that would raise £1.9billion a year from grieving families. Now the IFS is at it again, suggesting that Hunt scraps one of the most popular pensions benefits of all, the 25 percent tax-free pension lump sum. The IFS, which calls itself “the UK's leading independent economics research institute” hasn't forgotten last year's IHT proposal either. In fact, it wants Hunt to do both. Which is terrifying because it has given Hunt the cover he needs to launch a huge double pensions tax grab in his Spring Budget on 15 March. It’s almost as if the two are working together. The establishment is joining forces to wage all-out war on our pensions. This includes the state pension, which is under attack on several fronts at once. There is now a concerted campaign to push the retirement age ever higher, ultimately to age 70 and beyond. The triple lock has already been suspended once and remains under threat. The Treasury hates it. There has even been talk of means testing the state pension, although that may be a step too far. Not because the Treasury wouldn't like to do it, but because it would be too complex to administer. Given the backlash from state pensioners, our company and personal pensions may prove an easier target for Hunt next month. Proposals include cutting the £40,000 pensions annual allowance again, to £30,000 or even £20,000 a year. Slashing tax relief on pension contributions is another option. Today, higher earners can claim this at 40 or 45 percent, but it could be slashed to 20 percent for all. There is even talk of charging National Insurance on pension withdrawals, on top of the income tax they already incur. READ MORE: Two months to avoid Hunt's next inheritance and capital gains tax raid Now we have the double whammy from the IFS. It suggests capping tax-free cash at £100,000 rather than today’s allowance of around £270,000, which it reckons will force more older people back into the workplace. While £100,000 sounds a lot, it's a slippery slope. Like the lifetime allowance and annual allowance, it will no doubt be whittled away over time. Or frozen for decades, like the inheritance tax threshold, so we all pay more as pension pots grow, through the process of fiscal drag. Attacking our tax-free cash would be a disaster, because this is one pension benefit that most people both understand and value. Even Hunt would be like unlikely to apply this retrospectively, so we would need a two-tier system, where existing savings are protected but new contributions are not. This would drag on for decades, adding yet another layer of complexity to our labyrinthine pension system. The endless onslaught is undermining faith in pensions at a time when people need to be saving more for their retirement, rather than less. Even if Hunt does not act next month, the war will rumble on. Makes you wonder why people bother saving at all.