Republicans are keen to strike a deal with Joe Biden over the debt ceiling, an expert has said ahead of his crunch meeting with Kevin McCarthy. The House of Representatives Speaker and President will lock horns today after America's debt limit hit the $31.4 trillion cap in January. So far, McCarthy and Biden have been in a face-off, with the President accusing the Republican of making “commitments that are just absolutely off the wall for a Speaker of the House to make”. On the other hand, McCarthy called Biden’s refusal to negotiate “childish”, adding: “Why would you put the economics of America in jeopardy? “Why would you play political games? I’m not.” However, Dr Kevin Roberts, President of conservative think tank The Heritage Foundation, said he believes “we’re going to get the contours of an agreement this week”. In a press conference attended by Express.co.uk, Dr Roberts said that while his organisation is “certainly more conservative than the Speaker’s voting record”, members of the House are hoping McCarthy takes the opportunity to “‘put a wrench’ in the President’s plan to expand government”. Citing those within the House, he said: “There isn’t a significant amount of support in the conference to shut down the government. “There is no support, even among the most strident conservatives in the House Republican conference, to default.” Asked about how soon he expects a deal to take place, Dr Roberts suggested the pressure on Biden is too strong to avoid compromise, despite his remarks. “I think that the political situation for President Biden is that he’s at least got to pretend that he’s not negotiating for a few more days,” he told reporters. “But what I think is going to happen is that a lot of political pressure, media pressure that McCarthy has gone there in honest-to-goodness good faith - he’s a genuinely nice guy, the President purports to be one - and it’s going to be really hard for the President politically to ignore that. “And this is good! I mean, political differences I have with the President aside it’s good that the President of the United States and the Speaker of the House are meeting. “The American people are looking for that in spite of the political differences we all have. “Therefore, I think you’ll probably start hearing, knowing Washington some, that there will be a deadline over the next five or six weeks.” Despite Dr Roberts remarks, within the Democratic Party expectations for the meeting are low,. “Settle in” was the assessment of one House Democrat about months leading up to the June deadline to raise the debt ceiling. Policy expert David Wessel also previously told Express.co.uk he anticipates “Congress will fail to raise the debt ceiling in time for the federal government to pay all its bills” and that “there’ll be a crisis”. “I think this is going to go down to the wire,” he added. “The White House and Treasury argue correctly that the federal government borrows heavily because it spends more than it takes in as a result of spending and tax laws passed by Congress. “This is like running up a credit card tab and then refusing to pay the bill. It’s irresponsible.”