 Despite a brief breakup, a few wedding postponements and welcoming their baby in the middle of a pandemic, the A-list Hollywood heartthrobs are still going strong seven years later. Now as a family of three, Orlando Bloom, 46, has given a rare insight into his family life with the pop star, 38.   In a new interview with Flaunt Magazine, the Pirates of The Caribbean actor admitted that he and his fiancée run in very different professional circles. He issued this analogy: “We’re in two very different pools. Her pool is not a pool that I necessarily understand, and I think my pool is not a pool that she necessarily understands.” The 46-year-old Hollywood heartthrob noted that there’s “never a dull moment” between them and feels “blessed” that he has such a unique connection with the pop star. However, the actor also admitted that as two creatives, it can get “really really challenging”. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' after Grand Tour host mocks farm produce  He said: “We definitely battle with our emotions and creativity.” When the pandemic hit, Orlando was actually a million miles away from home, filming his Amazon Prime series Carnival Row in Prague. The actor recalled telling Jen Salke, the head of Amazon Studio, in the early weeks of the pandemic: “If you want us to hang, I’m down.” However, Orlando soon got a new appreciation for how severe the situation was as he soon found himself quarantining with his pregnant wife-to-be as the coronavirus reached its peak.   He added: “I kind of felt the fear all around me, this palpable sense of fear in everyone.” Rather than falling into the fear, the Buddhist spawned an idea from it for an unscripted series wherein he would travel to Blue Zones, places where people are seen to live the longest and speak to the elderly about confronting death. The upcoming Peacock series has caused some “stress” for his partner, although it is not uncommon for Orlando to be away for extended periods in far-off places and not just for his acting jobs. For most of his Hollywood career the actor has been a UNICEF representative and was on the Ukrainian border when tensions began to escalate at the beginning of last year.  Watching mothers and families, often with children around the same age as his daughter, forced to leave their husbands behind to fight was something the star “can’t unsee”. He solemnly shared: “You just go, ‘Wait, what? What are they going to do?’ You can’t fathom. “It creates an imprint in your soul and your heart that you hold onto, and then you navigate the moment that’s right in front of you.” The couple first started dating in January 2016, going strong until a brief break up in March 2017.  A year later Katy and Orlando were back together and in 2019 the Lord of the Rings star proposed on Valentine’s Day. The A-listers nuptials were also set to be a landmark event in the Hollywood social calendar, but their original 2019 date had to be postponed when a problem with their location arose. Their wedding was postponed to early 2020 which was then completely interrupted by Covid and postponed once again. In the midst of the pandemic and wedding planning, the Fireworks singer announced she was pregnant and the couple welcomed their baby girl, Daisy, in August 2020. At the time, the singer told SiriusXM that the pregnancy “wasn’t an accident” and that both her and Orlando had found themselves at the perfect place in life “for something new to happen like this”.