Hairy Bikers Go Local has ended after just eight episodes, according to an announcement from Si King, while his co-star Dave Myers continues to undergo cancer treatment. However, Si consoled fans somewhat by revealing they could expect to see him solo at some Pub in the Park sessions this summer. The pair previously shared a social media update with followers, revealing: "Sadly the series has come to an end. "We hope you enjoyed the series and the journey we went through with each episode [and] we look forward to seeing you on your telly sometime soon. "Be sure to catch all of the episodes from GO LOCAL on iPlayer! All recipes can be found on the @bbcgoodfood website. Love Si and Dave." Despite the sad news, Si delighted fans when he shared that he would be appearing at various festival locations in the UK this summer. READ NOW: Demi Moore's ex Ashton Kutcher was 'p****d' about her memoir "I’m heading to @pubinthepark Leamington Spa and Tunbridge Wells in July, then Chiswick in September," he posted. "Find me at the Saturday sessions at these locations! See you there?" Then he added that followers could head to the Pub in the Park website and sign up to receive "early pre-sale access" this Friday, February 3. The festival, founded by chef Tom Kerridge, celebrates everything there is to love about the quintessentially British pub experience - and Si is sure to feel right at home. Tom uploaded a cheery message on his own Instagram account, telling fans: "Summertime here we come!" He said of his festival dates: "You’ve got loads of amazing restaurants cooking up the most delicious food paired with some proper feel-good tunes too!" Sadly, Dave Myers is unlikely to be attending the events - and, according to his own recent update, he has been receiving further cancer treatment. "It is still ongoing but I'm kinda doing all right," he revealed in an interview with BBC Breakfast.  "It's like many people, it's something one learns to live with," the 64-year-old, who was diagnosed last year, explained. Last summer, chemotherapy cruelly robbed him of his appetite, and side effects even included his eyelashes falling out, as he bravely endured his gruelling treatment plan. "It's hard seeing someone you love in those trenches - it really is tough," Si admitted during an episode of the podcast White Wine Question Time last July. However he has high hopes for his friend's recovery, adding to Kate Thornton: "He's as tough as an old boot, which is what we're all relying on. He's as hard as nails!" He added that the two of them together make a "formidable team", raising hopes that they will be back together on screen before too long. Si and Dave have travelled the world sampling new foods and adventuring in exotic locations for their TV shows. However, as his treatment progressed, he lost interest in food, only regaining it to crave very unusual combinations, such as cottage pie with Vimto. Dave now has the mindset of a survivor, telling the world: "When I get through this, I'll never whinge again about anything! I'll embrace life and everything it's got to offer."