There’s the occasional spark of joy when a child is pulled out alive, sharing high-fives with their rescuers, their bewildered little faces smiling with relief to see light again, but what next? The miracle of a newborn baby, umbilical cord still attached, surviving while her mother died giving birth in an earthquake, seems biblical. But the mother died in terror, as did all the baby’s family, so who is to give the child a loving home now, in a country devastated by the worst atrocity, even worse than war?  My daughter, a new mother, convinces herself that the babies will be adopted; she tells me she knows so many young women desperate to adopt, who would leap at the chance to love and nurture those poor motherless infants. But world-weary grandmothers like me know the truth is that most will languish in orphanages, their futures laid waste by nature’s cruelty. It’s unbearable. When Putin watches Turkey’s desolation from his Black Sea Palace, does he weep at the horrors Mother Nature can inflict on humanity? Does he flinch, reflecting that when she alone can wreak such terror, surely mankind should turn away from war, revolted by our cruelty to each other? Of course, he doesn’t. And so our television screens flick from death in Turkey to death in Ukraine, and we weep at the monstrosity of it all, the natural cruelty we can’t avoid, and the human cruelty we can, but don’t, in the name of power and glory. At times like this it’s tempting to believe that we’re cursed. Here, brutality in politics, culture and identity wars has reached boiling point. You’d think the horror in Turkey would restore our sense of proportion, show us how we in this country, are lucky and blessed. You’d never think so from the anger and hatred that festers in our daily news.  The tragic disappearance of Nicola Bulley as she walked her dog near the River Wyre has triggered an unprecedented number of armchair sleuths to offer their own solutions via social media. This is so hurtful for the family, who are devastated by the 45-year-old mother’s evaporation from their lives. The usual trolls full of vile speculation, are despicable, but I do believe that many decent people are trying to help. Frustrated by inadequate information from the police, they are drawn to a domestic mystery they recognise from television (Vera springs to mind; the disappearance of a caring wife and mother in a rural setting would be a natural plot for Brenda Blethyn.) Finally forced into a press conference, the police described Nicola as “high risk” with “particular vulnerabilities” linked to alcohol. Maybe if they’d explained that before, the speculation would have been more informed. Even so, their efforts to find Nicola seem lackadaisical.  We're planning a short sunshine break after weeks of nasty viruses, so I’ve been fishing out flowery frocks from the back of my wardrobe. Blue, pink, white and green, they look so cheering after months of black and grey... balm to the soul. Except the fashion computer says no. So passé, these floaty floral prints. The new colour palette is “dark and sexy,” the style is tailored, not wafty. Who are they kidding? Don’t they know there’s a cost-of-living crisis? I’m not buying a new summer wardrobe. My pretty flowers will bloom until October. 