A teacher has insisted her Size Z breasts are real, despite claims she is wearing giant prosthetics. Kayla Lemieux, who says they were born intersex, has stressed in an interview she has a condition causing her breast to swell in size. She sparked controversy since photos and videos of her went viral shortly after she began working as a shop teacher. Photos from social media show Lemieux at the school wearing long-sleeved shirts but unable to hide her size Z breasts, and reports recently claimed she was wearing a prosthetic. A man was photographed leaving her apartment building who bore a resemblance to Lemieux, but she has insisted it is not her. "I’m not wearing prosthetic breasts”, Lemieux said in an interview with the New York Post. “These are real. “My condition is classified as gigantomastia, which can also be referred to as macromastia or breast hypertrophy.” Lemieux added that she is "not a transgendered person" but was born "intersex". “It’s rare, there’s no doubt about it. It affects women on a very rare basis, but in my case, I believe — and my doctor thinks — because I have XX chromosomes as well, that has something to do with it, and hormone sensitivity to estrogen has caused it”, she added. She admitted in the interview she has never received a formal diagnosis for gigantomastia, and added the man snapped leaving her building was not her. “I can’t tell you who that is because I don’t want to bring anyone else into this”, she stressed. “I don’t want that person being thrown all over the media, but it wasn’t me. “This is who I am. This is how I look. You’ve been talking to people in my building but what they’re telling you is harsh and untrue. “I am always going out looking the way I am.” READ MORE: Dog fights off 12-foot hammerhead shark in full view of tourist boat Since Lemieux started working at Oakville Trafalgar High School in Ontario, Canada, last September, the school has received a violent backlash. Multiple bomb threats and warnings of gun violence have been issued to the school. Students have also reportedly been threatened with suspension if they snap photos or shoot video of Lemieux on school grounds. Lemieux added she had started hormone replacement therapy in 2021 and was "in transition", adding that she identifies as a woman with she/her pronouns. When asked if the treatment was responsible for the size of her breasts, Lemieux said: "Yes. My whole life, I’ve been identifying as male. “I’ve been looking like a male. When I decided to embrace this other side of me around age 39, this presented itself." Speaking of the teacher’s self-diagnosed ailment, the Cleveland Clinic said it is "a rare condition that involves developing extremely large breasts due to excessive breast tissue growth". Only about 300 cases have ever been reported, and “it affects people assigned female at birth", the clinic continued. Lemieux also explained that being intersex “can mean different things to different people but generally, as a male you’re born with XY chromosomes and women with XX chromosomes”. “Intersex people can have a mixture of those two different sets of chromosomes”, she added. “It can be something they don’t even know about. It can show up in other physical attributes at birth so it can be more obvious or less obvious, depending on the person.”