Olympic legend Michael Johnson has sensationally taken a brutal swipe at Tiger Woods for handing Justin Thomas a tampon at the Genesis Invitational this week, stating the golf icon has "learned nothing". Woods and Thomas were spotted laughing with one another after teeing off on the ninth hole on Thursday. It soon became clear what the pair were laughing about when cameras caught Woods handing Thomas a tampon. The 15-time major champion had just outdrove his good friend and appeared to be making a joke at Thomas' expense. But the incident led to mixed reviews on social media with golf influencer Paige Spiranac one of a few to defend Woods. The 47-year-old later apologised for any offence that he had caused. “Yeah, it was supposed to be all fun and games and obviously it hasn’t turned out that way,” said Woods. “If I offended anybody in any way, shape or form, I’m sorry.  “It was just friends having fun. We play pranks on one another all the time and virally I think this did not come across that way, but between us it’s different.” But four-time Olympic gold medallist Johnson vilified Woods for his apology and took aim at the golf icon for his past actions. “Apology starting with 'If I offended anyone' is no apology," Johnson tweeted. "But this is Tiger. Never been a leader and he’s Teflon.  "Still heralded after all the mistakes so he’s learned nothing. Media focus always on miraculous recovery. Never why the need for recovery.” Woods has been involved in a number of high-profile incidents off the course throughout his career, including a car crash in November 2009 which led to a huge scandal exposing his years of infidelity. He went on to take a sabbatical from golf after losing numerous sponsorship deals and faced a long road back to the top of the sport. And the American sports icon was involved in another car crash in 2021, though this one proved to be far more life-threatening. Woods had to be removed from the single-car wreckage with the 'jaws of life' and admitted later that doctors discussed the possibility of amputating his leg.