Cristiano Ronaldo showed his true colours on Friday night as he took the ball off Al-Nassr team-mate Anderson Talisca before lashing home a penalty to earn his side a 2-2 draw against Al-Fateh in the Saudi Pro League. Ronaldo joined Al-Nassr in December after leaving Manchester United and finally opened his account for his new club after drawing blanks in his first two matches for them. Ronaldo is widely regarded as one of the greatest players to ever walk the earth and lifted a whole host of trophies during two spells with United and stints with Real Madrid and Juventus. But he headed to Saudi Arabia after saying he “felt betrayed” by the Red Devils. The 37-year-old failed to find the back of the net against Ettifaq FC on his Al-Nassr debut and was kept out once again when he came up against Al-Ittihad Club in the Saudi State Cup. On Friday night, the forward cut a frustrated figure for large spells of the game and had a first-half strike correctly ruled out for offside after his team had fallen behind. Ronaldo then fired over with the goal at his mercy and saw another effort strike the crossbar in the opening period. Talisca eventually equalised for Al-Nassr, before Al-Fateh restored their advantage. And the home side appeared to be heading for victory until stoppage time at the end of the match. DON'T MISS: Man Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before dramatic turnaround    After the referee had awarded the visitors a spot kick, Talisca quickly grabbed the ball as Ronaldo stood a few yards outside the penalty area. But the Portugal international then decided he was going to take the penalty and went through his routine before striking the ball down the middle of the goal to earn his side a share of the spoils. And after the game, Ronaldo took to social media to write: “Happy to have scored my first goal in the Saudi league and great effort by whole team to achieve an important draw in a very difficult match!” READ MOREChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer      Al-Nassr are top of the Saudi Pro League table after winning 10 of their 15 matches this campaign. But manager Rudi Garcia is coming under pressure from some sections of the club’s fanbase, who are expecting to see their team thrive following the acquisition of Ronaldo. After Al-Nassr’s defeat to Al-Ittihad Club, Garcia said: “One of the things that changed the course of the match was Cristiano's missed opportunity in the first half. It is very important that the players play normally and don't always try to give Cristiano the ball.” But fans appear to be siding with Ronaldo instead of Garcia, with one social media user telling the manager: “The team suffers very strongly with you! Without solutions! Without identity! Without personality! Each match starts with a different combination from the one before it Rudy, you're not solutions, the team is very bad!” And another fan commented: “LEAVE, WE DON’T WANT YOU!” FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing! 