Most people think of pruning as either an autumn or spring task, but winter pruning has its place. In winter active growth slows down significantly, and your plants rest for a few months. That’s why the winter and very early spring tend to be the best times for pruning some plants, especially if you want to adjust the shape. Winter pruning preps your plants to focus on growing flowers and fruit when they emerge in the spring so you should prune hard in the winter before any new growth starts in the garden. When your plant comes out of dormancy, it will devote all of its energy towards producing new, healthy growth as the temperatures rise. The other benefit of winter pruning is simple – the leaves are gone in the winter. It makes it much easier to see what you’re doing and not miss branches that need to be pruned. According to gardening pros at lovethegarden “summer pruning is needed to remove wayward or superfluous growth”, but it is the “winter prune that is vital for the plants’ continued performance and longevity”. But which particular plants should gardeners be pruning right now? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mo Buhula, plant specialist at The Botanical Archive, has shared five plants that “need to be pruned in winter” and the “best way” to prune each of them. READ MORE: Four ‘most common’ pruning mistakes to avoid - can ‘kill' your plants Mo said: “Climbing and shrub roses should be pruned in late winter.” For climbers, gardeners should look to prune any dead or decayed matter from their rose with a sharp sterile secateur and cut back healthy flowered side shoots by a third. He said: “Remember to cut above the last node and train the healthy side shoots across a trellis or wire. For shrub roses cut off dead or decayed sections and cut older sections of the plant right back to the base, this will allow some air to circulate and new growth will come from the base of the plant.” According to the expert, pruning apple trees in the winter can help “improve their shape and encourage strong new growth” in the spring. When pruning an apple tree in the winter, begin by removing any dead, diseased, or damaged branches. Mo noted that these can be identified by their dry, “discoloured, or otherwise unhealthy appearance”. DON'T MISSI used baking soda to remove stubborn mould around my window - photos [COMMENT]Remove ‘stubborn’ sock stains with ‘effective’ natural stain remover [TIPS]5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [EXPERT] Thin out any crowded or crossing branches to improve airflow and light penetration within the tree. Cut back branches that are growing too vigorously or out of shape and aim to create a balanced, open canopy with a central leader (the main trunk). Remove any suckers (new shoots) growing from the base of the tree or from roots and make all cuts just above a bud or lateral branch, using clean, sharp pruning tools. Avoid leaving stubs, as these can create entry points for pests and diseases. Prune the tree to your desired shape, keeping in mind that apple trees typically have a round or pyramid-shaped canopy. Raspberry bushes need to be pruned in winter to help “improve their growth and fruiting potential” in the coming season. READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ tip to remove lawn weeds and ‘prevent’ them returning Just like with apple trees, begin by removing any dead, diseased or damaged canes. Next, prune out any weak or thin canes that are less than half an inch in diameter. Mo warned: “These are less likely to produce a good crop of fruit.” Thin out any crowded or crossing canes to improve airflow and light penetration within the bush and prune out any canes that are more than two years old as raspberry bushes typically produce fruit on canes that are one or two years old. Cut the remaining canes back to a height of about two feet, using clean, sharp pruning tools. The expert noted: “This will encourage the bush to produce new, vigorous growth in the spring.” After pruning, tidy up the area around the bush by removing any debris or fallen fruit. This will help prevent the spread of diseases and pests. Wisteria usually likes to be pruned twice a year. Typically in July or August, then again in January or February. During winter, Mo said: “It is safe to cut back old or dead wood right back to the base of the plant.” Whereas in summer, gardeners should just cut back the chippy shoots. This controls the size of the wisteria, preventing it from getting into gutters and windows, and encourages it to form flower buds rather than green growth. Before pruning, clean your equipment as wisteria can be “susceptible to disease”, warned the expert. These varieties are usually safe to prune in the winter. Mo said: “Use a sharp set of tools and cut back only old side shoots that are beginning to form a congested appearance on the rest of the plant. Also tidy up any dead or dying wood from your bushes.”