A fetishist has denied raping a man and woman who wore dog collars at his home where he kept them as "house pets". Scott Lannister, 34, a self-confessed sadist who practices "pup play" and "domination", is alleged to have sexually attacked a man and woman at his Stirling flat between 2019 and 2020. The allegations include anal rape, suspending the woman by a rope around her neck from his ceiling until she passed out, and carving initials into the young man's back. Mr Lannister admitted to jurors at Stirling High Court that he "enjoyed the process of dominating someone", but denied raping, assaulting and abusing the now 21-year-old woman and the man, now 28. He told the court he was "one of the biggest masters in the country" practising BDSM. The sexual practice was defined to the court as bondage, discipline, dominance and submission, and sadomasochism. He told his counsel, Bert Kerrigan KC, he "enjoyed the process of dominating someone consensually". He added: "Just as a masochist enjoys receiving pain for pleasure, a sadist enjoys giving pain for pleasure." But Mr Lannister said the "pup play" aspect was a "more unusual and niche lifestyle element". He also claimed it slotted into the LGBTQ+ initialism as "part of the plus". Mr Lannister explained his practices in more detail to Mr Kerrigan. He said the experience saw participants engage in "ball play, walks in the park, giving paws" and "playing with the kind of toys you'd play with as a dog". And he said when adding members to his "pack", they became "collared or owned" and established a "master/pet relationship" with him. Mr Lannister framed the alleged violent incidents as "consensual impact play" and claimed the woman had placed the rope around her own neck before stepping off a stool. The defendant also denied having kicked away the stool before she could reconsider the act, which he said was "breath play". He admitted to "encouraging her to step off" but said she ultimately "chose what to do with her body and she chose to step off". Speaking about one beating of the woman, he said he asked her if she "enjoyed 'the stingy one'". He claimed she said "maybe" and that the "inflexion in her voice" suggested "there was enjoyment there". The trial, held before Lord Scott in Stirling, continues.