Erik ten Hag could oversee a major overhaul at Manchester United over the summer if Elon Musk buys the club. The billionaire is reportedly monitoring the situation at Old Trafford with the deadline to acquire the club creeping up. The Red Devils are currently third in the Premier League after an impressive start to the season. United splashed the cash over the summer but kept their business concise last month, with Ten Hag plotting another few major moves at the end of the campaign. The Dutchman arrived at The Theatre of Dreams with a select shortlist of targets, and his shopping spree is yet to conclude. But Ten Hag could be working with an unimaginable budget if the Glazers sell United to businessman Musk. According to the Daily Mail, Forbes' second-richest man in the world is weighing up whether to make a move for United, priced at £4.5billion, before Friday’s deadline. The 51-year-old has shown that he is not afraid of embarking on significant projects over the past few years, though acquiring a football club would be a milestone in his business career. Express Sport takes a look at how United could line up next season if Musk becomes their new owner… Goalkeeper: Diogo Costa Ten Hag is keen for David de Gea to sign a new contract at Old Trafford, though stalling talks could prompt the club to turn their attention to other targets. Porto shot-stopper Diogo Costa has been heavily linked with a move to the Red Devils and would be a long-term acquisition by the club, with Transfermarkt valuing him at £30.9million – which is a fee not out of the realms of possibility for Musk. Defence: Denzel Dumfries, Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez, Luke Shaw United’s defence has been rock solid this season, and Ten Hag may see no reason to bolster his options despite his mega budget. However, the influx of funds could allow him to acquire another option at right-back – with Aaron Wan-Bissaka still facing an uphill battle in trying to prove his worth at the club. Inter Milan are keen to offload several of their stars over the summer, providing United with the chance to finally allow Denzel Dumfries to make the move to the Premier League. The Dutchman would bring strong competition for Diogo Dalot in fullback whilst also providing the versatility to be deployed in a more attacking role. Midfield: Frenkie De Jong, Casemiro, Bruno Fernandes Ten Hag may finally be able to convince long-term target Frenkie de Jong to join him at United if there is such a lucrative plan proposed. Barcelona made it no secret previously that they would like to offload the Netherlands international, and the summer may be the ideal time to strike a deal with the playmaker. With De Jong slotting in alongside Casemiro and Bruno Fernandes, the Red Devils would have a top-quality, balanced midfield. Forwards: Marcus Rashford, Victor Osimhen, Ansu Fati Marcus Rashford has been in irreplaceable form for United so far this season, and he could be the only current member of the United squad in their frontline next season. Ten Hag is desperate to welcome a marquee striker over the summer, with Burnley loanee Wout Weghorst only plugging a hole in his side currently. Victor Osimhen has been heavily linked with United previously, though Napoli have publicly announed that they are not willing to part way with the Nigeria international. However, money always talks and the Serie A side could feel that it is the right time to allow their No 9 to move on so that they can reinvest in their entire squad. Barcelona star Ansu Fati is also on United’s radar, with the Spain international falling down the pecking order at the Camp Nou. The 20-year-old remains an exciting talent and could take confidence from how Ten Hag has managed to get Rashford’s career back on track.