Love Island has seen romances quickly blossom as well as dashed in a heartbeat as new faces join the islanders in the South African villa. An undisputed highlight in the ITV2 reality series every year is Casa Amor, where the boys and girls are split up and introduced to other possible love interests. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the Casa Amor singletons. The 25-year-old operations manager from Surrey says he won't be afraid to talk about his feelings when he enters the villa and is excited to give the girls his "charm". He has already got his eyes on Samie who is his "type to a T." "Cheeky" Ryan Weekley is a 22-year-old steel erector from Nottingham who doesn't like to put pressure on anything but loves eye contact. He admits that he snores but, once again, he's hoping that won't put Samie off. Professional boxer Frankie from Ipswich is going to switch up the boxing gloves for grafting gloves as he's hoping to find someone special on Love Island before it's too late. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ Finance student and restaurant host Maxwell, 23, always speaks his mind and won't be scared about going after what he wants. His approach is to just talk to a girl "normally" and try and learn as much as he can about them. Martin, 27, is a senior software engineer from Dublin who says a "key selling point" of dating him is his body. He's friends with Dami from last year's season of Love Island who told him: "Do your thing, be yourself and everyone else will get to know you, and get to see why we're friends." "Fun, charismatic and energetic" Kain is an energy consultant from Newcastle. The 21-year-old is eager to see how strong the current couples are with the aim of turning heads, admitting that he loves a challenge. Healthcare assistant and singer Lynda isn't afraid of expressing herself and loves lots of eye contact and affection. Going into the villa, she's interested in Kai and Shaq who she describes as "tall, dark and handsome" but also likes Tom's eyes. Layla, 28, believes she will be a "standout islander", despite being amongst a group of girls. She likes to find out lots about people by asking weird questions and is keen to get to know Ron. Beauty buyer Sammy who is originally from Leicester but now lives in Dubai, is "full of life and good vibes". She wants to find a man who isn't intimidated by her and is thinking "cheeky" Casey could be the one for her as she likes the fact he looks a bit like actor Bradley Cooper. DON'T MISS...Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [REACTION]Zara McDermott has wardrobe malfunction in sheer nude gown at Brits [EXPLAINER]Maya Jama and Ashley Roberts lead scantily-clad stars at Brit Awards [CAST] Cynthia is a dental receptionist and baker from North London who is a "girls' girl but only to the girls that are my girls". The 25-year-old says she is a perfectionist and a romantic at heart whose exes have looked similar to Will. Sanam, 24, from Bedford, is interested to see whose heads she can personally turn in the villa and while she is "laid back and fun", she also means business if there is someone that she fancies. The social worker has stated that her "number one" is Kai as she thinks they could have a connection. Lydia, a 22-year-old retail customer assistant from Glasgow, is going to bring a lot of "flirtiness" and admits she is known as the "friend therapist", always on hand to give some dating advice. "Bubbly and chatty", Lydia has a lot of respect for Casey after being upfront with Lana during their love triangle with Ron. Will and Jessie have remained strong throughout the series and so has Shaq and Tanya but their relationship seems to be on the rocks. Ron and Lana have also had a turbulent time on the show and Tom's head has been turned more than once. So only time will tell as Casa Amor puts all of their relationships to the test. Love Island continues Sunday to Friday at 9pm on ITV2.