Manchester United star Antony "risks breaking his own ligaments", according to former West Ham forward Paolo Di Canio. The Italian also claims the winger is not worth the £88million the Red Devils paid for him last summer. Antony joined United from Ajax, following Erik ten Hag to Old Trafford. He scored on his debut against Arsenal but has had a mixed first season in England so far. He has three goals in 12 Premier League outings but is yet to assist in the top flight. The Brazilian missed the two recent matches against Leeds due to an injury which isn't set to keep him out for long. But Di Canio believes there is a chance he would suffer a more serious issue if he doesn't change his style of play. Antony has faced some criticism for his tricks and flicks, which some have labelled showboating. Di Canio says he could cause himself damage by pirouetting "on himself". He said on Sky Sports Italy, as reported by Goal: "€100m to see him feint from a standstill with his legs is too much. READ MORE: Elon Musk 'interested' in making £4.5bn Man Utd takeover bid  "He does pirouettes on himself. He risks breaking his own ligaments without the intervention of his opponents." It is not the first time Antony has received flak for his trickery. He was widely criticised for spinning on the ball with no opposition player near him during the Europa League clash against FC Sheriff last October. United legend Paul Scholes labelled Antony a "clown" and insisted it was not needed. He said on BT Sport: "I love a little bit of showboating, and entertainment but at least get the pass right. "Does that do anything for anybody? Does that do anything for himself? I'd have to ask him - even at 4-0 up what does that do for you? DON'T MISSPremier League make late VAR replacements for Arsenal vs Man CityChelsea icon Terry hits back at Potter theory in ruthless responseRonaldo proven exactly right by Man Utd moment in massive win over Leeds  "This country, any country, even Brazil. They don't want to see that, do they? I like to see skills and entertainment, I just don't think it's skill or entertainment, it's just being a clown." Ten Hag insisted after the match he would "correct" Antony if his trickery became unnecessary. The Dutchman said: "I do not have a problem with that, as long as it is functional. So from him, like everyone else, I demand more. "More runs behind, being more often in the (opposition’s) box. More pressing. More dribbles against opponents. More playing in the pockets. We demand more dominance. “Then there is a trick like that which is nice, but as long as it is functional and you do not lose the ball. Then it is ok. But it is a trick and because of the trick, I will correct him.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here