Newcastle fans were upset with Sky Sports and demanded an apology after the broadcaster missed the build up to their opening goal against West Ham on Saturday evening. In an eventful opening few minutes to the game, Joe Willock thought he had given the hosts the lead but his effort was ruled out by VAR before Callum Wilson scored moments later. Miguel Almiron crossed for Willock to send the Newcastle fans into raptures as their dream season looked set to continue, but the goal was chalked off as the ball had gone out of play before the Paraguayan got to it for his assist. Wilson scored just seconds afterwards, but the strike came so quickly after play had restarted that Sky Sports only showed the finish live, having changed to the live camera with the ball at his feet, and fans were left questioning what events had happened that led up to the goal. Lukasz Fabianski's restart saw the ball turned over and Sean Longstaff was able to play a through ball to Wilson who finished well past the Polish goalkeeper, but fans watching on TV did not see Newcastle win the ball back or the pass that led to the goal as replays of Willock's disallowed effort continued to run while the ball was in play. Viewers took to social media to vent their frustration. "Terrible from the director on Sky Sports," @werdna67 wrote on Twitter. "Missed the build up of Newcastle goal showing another replay of their disallowed goal." Another fan lamented the decision to show several replays instead of the live action that led to the goal. @tbaldwin1992 said: "Watching too many replays and we miss the Newcastle goal! @SkySports sort your TV director out! #NEWWHU" DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap Another viewer, @mrtull1 wrote on Twitter in a plea to Sky that they made a change to their coverage. "Stop with the incessant replays!!!" they wrote. "We want to see the live action." While several fans such as Twitter user @rebekahbradfrd echoed the same sentiments, as they wrote: "Thanks sky sport for missing that goal." Newcastle fans were relieved that the second goal did count and they were sure that Eddie Howe's side had taken the lead as they looked to extend the gap between them and the chasing pack for the Champions League places, having started the day three points clear of fifth-placed Tottenham. 