Sasha has led a quiet and private life for 40 years. She’s a married mum of two with no intention of becoming any species of public figure. Now of course we’ve all heard of Sasha.  Without a thought in his head about the jolt it would send coursing through her peaceful existence, Prince Harry let his ghostwriter pen a series of sizzling sentences about the horsey older woman who took his virginity. We can never unread the corny lines about being ridden like a young stallion in a drunken coupling in a field behind a pub and soundly smacked on the buttocks as a finale. Liz Hurley was very quick to deny all knowledge but a worldwide search sprang into operation. Sasha knew she’d be outed. Her phone was pinging with texts from pals who remembered what the “spare” called “the inglorious episode”. A 21-year-old roll in the hay was about to catapult her from anonymity to front-page news. She asked for advice from her dad. They agreed she’d “take control” of the story. We can learn a lot from Sasha’s tale – much of it heartwarming. There are salt- of-the-earth folk like the Walpoles who don’t give a fig for royalty, money or publicity. Harry was just a mate from the stables. When they did what inebriated teenagers do – she was only two years older at 18 – she told her mum and sister and it was never mentioned again. Even now she plays the whole thing down. It lasted barely five minutes – no big deal. We also gain insight into Harry’s narcissistic conduct. He’s horrified at living in a goldfish bowl yet doesn’t think twice about exposing Sasha. There’s no need to worry about Sasha. She is surrounded by loving family and friends and brimming with understated common sense. She knows we’re entitled to a bit of hurly-burly in a field in our youth. She has been modest and forthright and will go back to her happy existence with a few pounds in her pocket and the nation’s blessing. Yet when she says “I don’t understand why he went into such detail. If it wasn’t in the book none of this would be happening” I can’t help wondering if Harry and Meghan, riding roughshod over people’s lives, stand the same chance of quiet happiness?  Why does it make us feel a tad sprightlier to know irascible rocker Liam Gallagher has had a hip replacement? Could it be because the 50-year-old rock ’n’ roll star will shrug off what he calls the “stigma” of the surgery and bring his unabashed bad-boy swagger to packed venues, aided and abetted by a bionic joint? We are in decline from the moment we are born. Bits of us drop off, pack up and let us down. That’s just how we roll. Liam would still bring fire and brimstone on a Zimmer frame. Our essence isn’t diminished by titanium hips, tooth implants or elasticated waistbands.  I took my broken heart to Alison Hammond’s 48th birthday extravaganza. Disconsolately driving up the dark M40 alone, my stomach was knotted with apprehension. I placed every ounce of faith in the satnav lady just to get me there alive. I needn’t have worried. Alison is a superstar, national treasure, stellar friend, one-woman comedy show and source of warmth and wisdom to anyone entering her orbit. What went on in Solihull on Saturday night obviously stays in Solihull but, boy was it a restorative, gargantuan, life-affirming experience. Every devoted pal claimed to be Alison’s longest-serving and most adoring friend. We were all right. She is hard-working, multi-talented and proof that very occasionally people do get a little of what they deserve.  Nine peers of the realm have penned an indignant letter expressing their disgust at the rising cost of replacing the doors when the Peers’ Entrance to the House of Lords is renovated. The current estimate is around £7million. They suggest putting a security fence around the perimeter instead. The baronets rightly say the expenditure can’t be justified when so many face financial hardship. Listen to the Lords and Ladies. Stick a bit of Blu Tack in the existing door and bung up a fence. This is not the time and – even if studded with cabochon rubies – that is a ludicrous price. Voluble BBC favourite Amol Rajan reveals his youthful employment as an “inadequate man” on an agony aunt’s casebook on Channel 5’s The Wright Stuff. Most of us were involved in somewhat niche gainful employment way back when. I just might have written exuberantly titillating copy for the late Paul Raymond’s Men Only under the soubriquet Vanessa Focks.  Let's just say I didn’t expect to be single at 60! I was very much hoping to do a Darby and Joan till death do us part. So you find me, shall we simply say, “discombobulated”? Sixteen years is a creditably long relationship and the shock when you have to end it is pretty seismic. The whole thing being played out publicly doesn’t help. I’m human and the naked ape likes to lick its wounds behind closed doors. I can tell you this though: even in those scary silent hours before dawn, the survival instinct kicks in with a vengeance. I will not let the shock and sadness write me off. I will celebrate my birthday in a couple of weeks. I will cuddle my grandbabies, hit the town with my incredible girlfriends and I will, I fear, go on to make many more mistakes. As the legendary Chumbawamba sang: “I get knocked down but I get up again. You are never gonna keep me down!" 