Mason Greenwood has released a brief statement following news that all charges against him had been dropped. Greenwood was in court last year on charges of rape, assault and controlling and coercive behaviour.  But the Manchester United footballer has now had all the charges dropped following the "withdrawal of key witnesses". The Crown Prosecution Service said it had a "duty to stop the case" as "new material" also came to light. A CPS spokesperson said: “We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. "In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. We have explained our decision to all parties. We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met.” Greenwood has now spoken for the first time since his charges were dropped with the PA reporting the 21-year-old as saying: "I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time."  United also released a brief statement on their club website, which read: "Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete." Chief Superintendent Michaela Kerr, GMP's head of public protection, said: "Given the significant media coverage of this case, it is only fair that we share the news that the 21-year-old man, who had been arrested and charged in connection with an investigation opened in January 2022, no longer faces criminal proceedings in relation to this. "The investigation team has remained in regular contact with the legal team, providing any updates of note, and so understand the rationale for the discontinuation of proceedings at this stage, and that this decision has not been taken lightly. Despite the media and public's interest in this case, we have decided not to comment on it in any further detail. "I would, however, like to use this opportunity to reiterate GMP's commitment to investigating allegations of violence against women and girls and supporting those affected, regardless of their circumstances, throughout what can be a hard and upsetting time for them. "An ever increasing number of officers are receiving specialist training and the force is more consistently utilising tools, available via the criminal justice system, to keep people safe and care for victims. "If you feel you are or might be a victim, please don't let this case put you off asking for help." According to the PA news agency, Greenwood will not return to the training ground at Carrington while United conduct 'their own internal investigation'.