Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is ‘unfazed’ by Roy Keane’s brutal punditry, according to reports. The former Red Devils star is often ready to speak his mind on Sky Sports. However, Ten Hag is relaxed over what he says and has even sorted the retired midfielder with tickets to the Carabao Cup final with Newcastle later this month. After United beat Nottingham Forest to book their place in the Carabao Cup final, Keane cheekily asked Ten Hag for tickets for the big match at Wembley. He said: “Do you have any spare tickets for the final? Just two, two complimentary tickets?” And Ten Hag laughed and replied by saying: “I can. I think so Roy. No problem.” Now, according to The Sun, the United boss is set to deliver the tickets Keane craved. The former Red Devils skipper will be invited to Wembley as a ‘special guest’, with a source also saying Ten Hag was ‘unfazed’ by the way the Irishman operates while performing his job as a pundit. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford A source said: “The manager promised Roy some tickets and has made sure he will get them. “No one at the club has more than a couple to give to family and friends so it is a lovely gesture by Erik. “He respects Roy for his incredible playing career and isn’t fazed by the directness of his punditry.” Keane has become a somewhat distant figure at United in the years since leaving the club back in 2005. He fell out with Sir Alex Ferguson prior to his departure and the pair, it’s believed, have never made up. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Keane hasn’t been afraid to mince his words about United in the time since, often criticising the managers since Ferguson. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer all copped some flak during their respective stints in charge of the club. But Ten Hag appears to be a tough figure and can handle any criticism that comes his way. United, when they lock horns with Newcastle, will be looking for a first trophy since claiming the Europa League under Mourinho back in 2017. In the time since, they’ve lost both cup finals they’ve played in. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The first was against Chelsea in the FA Cup in 2018, with the Blues winning 1-0 to frustrate Mourinho in the capital. And United were beaten by Villarreal in the last match of the 2021 Europa League, ultimately failing to lift the trophy after a tense penalty shootout. Meanwhile, ahead of that game, the Red Devils have received a boost following Nick Pope’s red card for Newcastle against Liverpool on Saturday. The England international received his marching orders after handling the ball outside the box. With Martin Dubravka cup-tied, it means former Liverpool star Loris Karius is expected to start for the Toon. The Poland international famously made two errors as the Reds lost the 2018 Champions League final to Real Madrid. But Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has backed Karius to deliver, saying: “He has the experience of the big games. I have no doubt or issue about his ability to do that. “I have no doubt he and Mark [Gillespie} are both in a great physical condition to play. They have all been part of our training.” And he added: “I have been really impressed. He is a very likeable character, very relaxed but focused in his training. “We were looking in a limited pool of goalkeepers but he was the one that stood out.”