Wednesday's This Morning saw the comical presenter breaking a table live on air while reporting in a tipsy fashion from a ski resort. It came as the ITV show introduced a new series, Alison and Josie Go Off-Piste, which saw Alison Hammond and Josie Gibson headed to the ski slopes in the midweek instalment. This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield had been expecting a degree of chaos, with the two exuberant women always bringing some fun to their reports. After the skiing and a few drinks, Alison found it difficult to stay focused during a creme brulee-making class. Despite her best attempts, she seemed to get very distracted. Bursting into a fit of laughter, she placed her hands on a table being used for the deserts and it loudly collapsed underneath her. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit As the table's items spilt everywhere, a mortified Alison remarked: "I'm so sorry, I’m such a clutz! How embarrassing." Those giving the class began to sort out the mess as Alison explained: "I’ve offered to help clear up but I think it’s best if I just stay here. Shall we start again?" After watching the first episode from the This Morning studio, Phillip admitted: "Well, that contained one of my favourite moments we have seen in a very long time!" He requested the clip to be shown again as Holly added: "The greatest! She has previous with tables - she broke a table in Big Brother and she’s still breaking tables now!" "We saw that she was drinking and she doesn’t drink," Phillip explained. "So we knew this was going to end badly, and there we go!" Alison has had her share of clumsy moments on screen. In 2018, she was standing on a floating weather map in a river presenting the forecast when the lost her footing. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Danni's appearance distracts Channel 4 viewers [LATEST]Emily Atack breaks down sharing social media harassment with mum [VIDEO]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Alison’s role in Tommy's ending [THEORY] Falling forwards, she pushed her arms out to a crew member who was also balanced on the map, but he tumbled into the cold water after the host fell into him. Watching from the studio, Holly and Phillip gasped and burst into laughter as Alison profusely apologised. She has experienced a few other memorable moments, and on Wednesday she had viewers in stitches once again. Responding to the broken table, fans seemed to enjoy the chaotic mishap, with several sharing it on social media and commenting on the awkward moment. Twitter user @LouBleep wrote: "#thismorning I woke up I’ll struggling to breathe then I see Alison on tv and a huge smile comes to my face and Jessie I giggled so much she loves to break a table on big brother now on this morning too funny they two should have their own show." (sic) @missohloola commented: "Alison and Josie are pure joy, if they don't make you smile then you're dead inside #thismorning." "I’d be mortified if I did what Alison did, I couldn’t imagine it then being plastered all over the telly #ThisMorning," @FlopsyPickle confessed. @Boppity_Boo34 simply added: "Oh Alison #ThisMorning," along with laughing emojis. @EnfieldGarry shared: "Just break everything why don’t you Alison. #ThisMorning," also with laughing symbols. @sammysandwch added: "#ThisMorning Alison and Josie are so funny." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.