Warning: The following article contains spoilers from The Last of Us. Episode four of the HBO series, Please Hold to My Hand, saw Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsay) caught up in the trouble as they tried to make their way through Kansas City. To scout a way out of the city, they crept up a high-rise apartment, where they decided to stay for the night. However, they were woken by Henry and his brother Sam holding them at gun point. Who plays Henry and Sam in the new episode? Henry was mentioned several times in episode four as he was hunted down by a rebel group who have taken control of Kansas City. After FEDRA was overturned and the rebels took over, they’ve been searching for Henry and his brother Sam, as they are believed to be traitors. Henry Burrell is played by Lamar Johnson, a Canadian actor and dancer. Lamar is best known for his role as West in The Next Step, Seven Carter in The Hate U Give, and Charlie in All the Bright Places. READ MORE: Millennial watches Fawlty Towers and 'couldn't believe her eyes' Sam is Henry’s younger brother and was seen holding a gun to Ellie’s head in the closing moments of episode four. Not much is known about the youngster so far but he is a deaf, artistic child who is hunted by violent revolutionaries. Sam is played by Keivonn Montreal Woodard and The Last of Us is only is second acting credit. He first appeared as a deaf student in Seeds of Hope: The Andrew Jackson Foster Story in 2018. Kathleen appeared in episode four as she demanded the rebel soldiers such every building in Kansas City for Henry. Kathleen is the leader of the revolutionary movement and will continue to give orders in episode five. She is played by Melanie Lynskey, a New Zealand actress, who has appeared in TV series and films since 1994. Melanie is best known for her work in Don’t Look Up, Coyote Ugly, Yellowjackets and Two and a Half Men. Perry is introduced as one of Kathleen’s right-hand men in Kansas City. He is always on hand to carry out orders and offer protection to the leader of the rebel group. Perry is played by Jeffrey Pierce and fans may be interested to know Jeffrey played Tommy in the video game. When is The Last of Us episode 5 out? Fans can watch Endure and Survive earlier than usual this week due to the Super Bowel LVII. HBO is releasing the latest episode on Friday, February 10 at 9pm ET. For UK fans, they can watch episode five from Saturday, February 11, on Sky and NOW. After episode five, there will be four more episodes until the series comes to an end.