Leeds United trio Brenden Aaronson, Tyler Adams and Weston McKennie made history as they were the first three American players to start for the same team in a Premier League match for 15 years. The American influence clearly paid dividends as Leeds secured a 1-0 win over relegation rivals Southampton at Elland Road on Saturday. Leeds' clash with Southampton was an enormous moment in the battle to avoid relegation, as they were placed 19th and 20th respectively heading into the match. Leeds, who were winless in their last 10 Premier League contests, secured all three points thanks to Junior Firpo’s late strike. The win came in Javi Gracia’s first match as manager of Leeds and he picked a team that included the three Americans, which hadn’t been done since May 2008. On that occasion, goalkeeper Kasey Keller, Brian McBride and Clint Dempsey all started for Fulham. However, the last time a trio of outfield players hailing from the United States was even earlier. It was Fulham once again, with the Cottagers lining up with McBride, Dempsey and defender Carlos Bocanegra the year before. READ MORE: Lucy Frazer warns spending by top football clubs is 'unsustainable' Fulham have ultimately kept their ties to the United States national team alive, with the likes of centre-back Tim Ream and left back Antonee Robinson both becoming reliable starters for the London outfit. Fulham have been one of the surprise packages of the season as they remarkably sit sixth, while Ream has received plenty of plaudits for his performances. Meanwhile, Leeds’ American influence wasn’t just confined to players on the pitch. Jesse Marsch - who preceded Gracia as Leads boss - made two appearances for the USMNT while he also enjoyed 14 seasons as a midfielder in the MLS. DON'T MISSLiverpool team news vs Crystal Palace with Diogo Jota decision loomingTodd Boehly could upset Chelsea dressing room further as loved star...Chelsea may be forced to change transfer plan for £66m summer target Marsch became just the third American national to manage in the Premier League, after Bob Bradley and German-born David Wagner. The 49-year-old was sacked earlier this month, leaving the club on February 6 as they battle further threat of relegation. However, his legacy at the club could be the players he brought in, with Aaronsen, Adams and McKennie all signed by Marsch. Gracia clearly believes they are of sufficient quality, naming the trio in his first starting lineup while he also declared the squad is certainly good enough to stay up come the end of the season.