Nate Diaz has weighed in on Islam Makhachev’s victory over Alexander Volkanovski. The MMA icon says that Makhachev got his ‘a** whooped’ and shouldn’t have had his hand raised after the final bell. UFC featherweight champion Volkanovski was hoping to follow in the footsteps of the all-time greats in becoming champ-champ at UFC 284 by capturing the lightweight strap from his rival. However, those hopes were dashed when Makhachev was awarded the unanimous decision in a nip-and-tuck affair. Most MMA media members agreed the judges had got it right with 23 established journalists scoring the fight in favour of the Russian and only six giving it to Volkanovski, according to mmadecisions.com But Diaz believes Volakanovski clearly won the contest. Taking to Twitter, he wrote: “Yeah right Islam got his a** whooped.” Diaz recently parted ways with the UFC after beating Tony Ferguson in the final fight on his promotional deal. He has since been linked to a fight with YouTube star Jake Paul, who claims they are close to signing a two-fight deal in boxing and MMA. “We offered a two-fight deal to Nate Diaz, one for boxing and one for MMA,” Paul told The Daily Mail. “That could definitely happen, and he could definitely be my first MMA opponent, 100 per cent. MORE UFC NEWS... UFC fighter mounts Rocky-like comeback after surviving groin kick Khabib shares moment with Makhachev over Facetime after UFC 284 win McGregor takes sly dig at Makhachev and Volkanovski after title fight “It would be diving into the deep end but, for some reason, I just feel as if I’m going to be really good at MMA. I have the wrestling background, I have the better boxing than all of them, so I’ve really just got to learn the kicks and the takedown defence.” “It is pretty far along, but it’s not done,” he added. “Obviously in this world of combat sport, you never know what’s going to happen. Until everything is signed, I don’t count my chickens until they’re hatched. But we are in talks with his team pretty frequently.” Paul recently signed a deal with American MMA promotion PFL and is set to make his pro debut in late 2023 or early 2024. The deal also includes an exclusive partnership with the company to help launch its new PFL PPV Super Fight Division, which will give competitors a 50% cut of the PPV revenue as Paul continues to campaign for better fighter pay.