Queen Camilla, 75, and King Charles, 74, stepped out today in the historic Brick Lane to meet with various charities and businesses. The Queen Consort looked beautiful in a white coat and a silver brooch. Queen Camilla wore the same coat she wore to Kate Middleton's Together at Christmas concert back in December. The coat was confirmed at the time to be a Fiona Clare couture coat, meaning that it is not available to purchase for royal fans. The Queen Consort looks incredible in the form-fitting long coat as she wrapped up warm on the cold February day. For footwear, Camilla opted for her black suede boots which she wears every year during winter. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims  The boots are designed by Russell and Bromley, however, as they are quite a few years old now it is not known how much they cost at the time of purchase. The Queen Consort also looked to be wearing a brooch on her coat lapel. Her platinum locks gleamed in the February sun as she stepped out in East London.  Camilla and King Charles were welcomed by dancers and a cheering crowd as they arrived in Brick Lane, east London.  Their Majesties appeared in high spirits as they shook hands with royal fans waving the Union Jack and followed the performers creating a colourful spectacle. The King and Queen Consort paid a visit to the heart of London's Bangladeshi community to meet charities, businesses and individuals who played a key part in the anti-racism movement of the 1960s and 1970s. Their visit began at Altab Ali Park, named after a Bangladeshi textile worker who was stabbed to death in 1978 in a racially motivated attack. While on a walk to the Shaheed Minar monument, Charles and Camilla spoke to young people in the community whose projects include anti-racism, preserving the Bangla language and working for the Altab Ali Foundation. READ MORE: Princess Amalia suffers 'body shaming' during tour - a look at diet  The Shaheed Minar monument is a replica of the one constructed in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, to pay tribute to those killed during the Bengali Language Movement demonstrations in 1952. People took to the streets of Tower Hamlets to welcome the new King and Queen Consort this morning in droves. The couple were escorted out of their car to rapturous applause from members of the public. They were soon led down the street by four dancers and musicians carrying flowers, platters and musical instruments. During their visit of the neighbourhood, Charles and Camilla met with pupils at a look school who were enthusiastically waving Union Jacks. The schoolgirls, dressed in their purple school uniforms, were seen chuckling as they talked to the royal couple. King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla also planted a tree during their visit while locals looked on. Later on today, King Charles is expected to meet with President Zelenskyy of Ukraine at Buckingham Palace. 