Kylian Mbappe appeared to cut a frustrated figure as he watched Emiliano Martinez accept the Best FIFA Men's Goalkeeper award at a glitzy ceremony in Paris on Monday night. Martinez scooped the prize after helping Argentina to win last year's World Cup with his formidable shoot-out performances, with the 30-year-old edging out Thibaut Courtois and Yassine Bounou to claim the award for the very first time. The Aston Villa stopper came up against Mbappe in the final and conceded three goals to the Frenchman before Argentina went on to win on penalties after 120 minutes of football. Martinez was rewarded for his efforts by winning FIFA's prestigious goalkeeping award on Monday, but Mbappe had a face like thunder as the former walked to the stage to pick up the prize.The cameras cut to Mbappe as Martinez was giving his speech and the Paris Saint-Germain forward could not hide his stony expression as he watched on alongside club team-mate Messi in the audience. He was viciously mocked by Martinez in the aftermath of the World Cup final to create something of a rivalry between the pair, which might explain why Mbappe was not exactly overjoyed to see the Villa man scoop the award.Martinez proceeded to rub his World Cup final victory in Mbappe’s face by asking for a minute’s silence for the France forward in the Argentina dressing room before taking a doll with his face on it to the team’s open-top bus parade. However, the former Arsenal stopper attempted to distance himself from his actions earlier this month by insisting that he was not intending to show any disrespect toward Mbappe. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage emerges "I held it [the doll] for like two minutes and I threw it away, that’s all," Martinez told L'Equipe. "How can I make fun of Mbappe? He scored four past me. Four goals in a final! He must think I am his toy baby! I have huge respect for Mbappe."I told him [after the final] he should be proud of himself and keep his head high, because he played a fantastic game and that he was one of the best players in the world." Mbappe, meanwhile, gave a frosty response when asked what he thought about Martinez's gloating upon his return to club duties with PSG after the end of the World Cup. He said: "They are not my problem. I don't have the energy to waste on such futile things. I'll never digest it."But like I told my coach and team-mates, there's no reason that my club should pay for a defeat with my national team, it's two different situations. The message was simple, it was to show that whatever goes on with the national team, PSG is a separate thing and I'm still determined to bring every trophy to the capital." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.