 Carlos Alcaraz has compared Roger Federer to Lionel Messi as he snubbed the Swiss star and admitted that Rafael Nadal was his idol. The world No 2 is finally starting his season in Buenos Aires this week after being set back by injuries and discussed the 'Messi of tennis' while in the land of World Cup winners Argentina.  Alcaraz is making his long-awaited comeback at this week’s Argentina Open, more than 100 days after he played his last match at the Paris Masters. The 19-year-old injured his abs in Paris and ended his 2022 season early before picking up a new injury in pre-season training that forced him to skip the Australian Open. He then opted to enter the ATP 250 event in Buenos Aires for his return and has been getting into the World Cup spirit while in Argentina as he explained why he thought Federer was the 'Messi of tennis'. “Yes, Federer is the Messi of tennis because of how easy he is to play,” the US Open winner told Ole. Sharing his admiration for Messi’s achievements at the World Cup, Alcaraz added: “Messi was the superhero in the World Cup and practically put himself in the entire country so that Argentina would consecrate itself in Qatar.” JUST IN: Djokovic in Indian Wells 'situation' after request to US government And the teenage star also talked up Federer, telling La Nacion: “I loved his tennis. I loved watching him play. I was watching his highlights all day, watching matches.” But Alcaraz has confessed that it was Nadal who was his idol growing up instead of Federer as he lauded what the 22-time Grand Slam champion had done for Spanish tennis. “He was my childhood idol and he is the idol of all Spanish fans of tennis and sports in general because of his career, his charisma, his work, his mentality,” the world No 2 told Marca. DON'T MISSSerena Williams expecting to cry at Super Bowl LVII clashDjokovic can end six-year Federer drought if he plays Indian WellsFederer sparks theories among fans with ATP yet to confirm retirement Alcaraz is the top seed in Argentina this week and receives a bye straight into the second round where he will face either Fabio Fognini or Laslo Djere. The 19-year-old will then ramp up his schedule as he will head to Rio next week to defend the title he won last year which made him the youngest ATP 500 champion in history. The six-time title winner will then head to Acapulco before the sunshine double of Indian Wells and Miami, where he will be defending his maiden Masters title at the Miami Open. 