Britney Spears, 41, has sparked concern amongst her fans over recent months with her unusual Instagram posts, even resulting in the star receiving a welfare check from the police. After slamming fans for contacting the police, the Toxic singer has now taken to Instagram to say she feels "bullied" by Alyssa Milano as she aired her worries for the singer on Twitter last month. Alyssa took to Twitter at the time to share: "Someone please go check on Britney Spears." In the light of police being called to her house, Britney has slammed Alyssa for weighing in on the situation, despite the duo not knowing each other personally. She wrote in view of her 41.6 million followers: "It saddens me to see things about me from people who don't know me!! "This definitely feels like a form of bullying!! Ladies, we are supposed to be rooting for one another, not pulling one another down!!" As of right now, Alyssa has not responded to Britney's comments. Express.co.uk has contacted Alyssa's representatives for comment. READ MORE: Demi Moore's ex Ashton Kutcher was 'p****d' about her memoir It comes after the police were called to Britney's home last month after she shut down her Instagram page, sparking fears from fans who contacted the authorities to check on her. However, Britney was back to Instagram on Tuesday as she shared a snap of herself in a busty brown crop top and a plaid mini skirt. She captioned the post: "I know these are screenshots but it's the day I got my tattoo." Britney was also quick to tell her fans that she was doing "fine" after the welfare check. She wrote: "I’m not having a breakdown … I am who I am and moving forward in my life, I have never felt better!!!" Britney also discussed why she took down her Instagram account, as she penned: "Yes I took my Instagram down and now it’s back up because I can!!!" She also insisted that she is now happily freed from the restraints of the conservatorship her father had held over her until 2021. She said: "Being able to volumize my voice in a world where I lost my rights … for 15 years … gives me an opportunity to succeed !!!" DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [PICS] Ozzy Osbourne admits touring days are over in honest admission [HEALTH] Madonna flaunts smooth visage in bath snaps as she teases tour dates [HOLLYWOOD] The Womanizer songstress said she's "still learning this no rules thing" and feels "younger and in awe" in her life. She continued: "Unfortunately I’m boring as hell and drink hot chocolate at night!!! "I’ve waited nearly 15 years to drink alcohol only to realize I hate it!!! It makes me sad and I feel bloated, although food tastes better." The police call was also reported to have "freaked" out the Toxic singer, a source told MailOnline. They claimed: "She's doing okay. She's navigating this new life, finishing her book. It's a process but [she's] getting there. "The fans calling the cops freaked her out for sure but she's staying positive." Fans expressed concern for Britney after reports of a "manic" meltdown at a restaurant earlier this month with her husband Sam Asghari, 28. The police were also called to her house due to "prank calls" in recent weeks, with Britney giving her version of events on Twitter. She wrote: "'The fans calling the cops freaked her out for sure but she's staying positive. 'I love and adore my fans this time things went a little too far and my privacy was invaded. "The police never entered my home and when they came to my gate they quickly realised there was no issue and left immediately. "This felt like I was being gaslit and bullied once the incident made it to the news and being portrayed once again in a poor and unfair light by the media. "During this time in my life, I truly hope the public and my fans, who I care so much about, can respect my privacy moving forward."