A brutal beating caught on film led five Memphis police officers to be charged with the alleged murder of Tyre Nichols. They have been accused of being "directly responsible for the physical abuse of Mr. Nichols," by Memphis Police Chief Cerelyn Davis.  Shocking footage of the incident - nearly an hour of bodycam and CCTV footage - was released by the department. The footage appears to show officers beating Mr Nichols, 29, following a traffic stop he fled on foot. He later died while in hospital. The case is the latest in a series of killings which have sparked calls for police reform in the United States. Lawyers for Tyre Nichols' family have called it the latest in a series of incidents which highlight systemic issues with American police.  The five men - Tadarrius Bean, Demetrius Haley, Desmond Mills, Jr., Emmitt Martin III and Justin Smith - were fired on January 20 and will make a court appearance later today, charged with second-degree murder. They are between the ages of 24 and 32. They face numerous other charges including aggravated kidnapping, aggravated assault and official oppression. The five officers were members of the so-called SCORPION Unit, which has since been disbanded. SCORPION stands for Street Crimes Operation to Restore Peace in Our Neighbourhoods and was a 50-strong unit tasked with tackling crime in certain areas. SCORPION was disbanded by the city after the death of Mr Nichols. It was first launched in October 2021 to focus on serious crimes, including gang related offences. The five officers charged with Mr Nichols' murder pulled him over in an unmarked police car on the night of his death. The officers, who have already been released from custody on bail, will appear for a bond arraignment today. The hearing will take place at 10am EST (3pm GMT) before judge James Jones at the Shelby County criminal court. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan branded 'laughing stock' in US over South Park  Although only five officers have been charged over Nichols' death, there have been several firings and suspensions. A sixth officer, Preston Hemphill, was fired February 3 for violating "numerous" policies  - including personal conduct, truthfulness, and compliance with various rules, according to a statement from the Memphis Police Department. A seventh unnamed officer was suspended following the incident while three members of the Memphis Fire Department who responded to the scene were also sacked for violating "numerous" protocols. After shocking footage of the alleged beating was released, Sheriff Floyd Bonner, Jr of the Shelby County Sheriff's Office said two more officers under his command were "relieved of duty pending an investigation". Memphis Mayor Jim Strickland has said that the Department of Justice and the International Association of Chiefs of Police would conduct an independent review of the city's specialised units and its use of force policies. READ MORE: Harry's privacy claim ridiculed after he describes wetting his pants  The 29-year-old man worked second shift at the FedEx facility in Memphis. He worked for the shipping company for around nine months and would visit his mum's house at 7pm on his lunch break. He was also a father to a four-year-old son and held a passion for skateboarding since he was six years old, according to his family. He had a tattoo of his mum, RowVaugn Wells, on his arm. "I'll always be with him - I tell everyone he has a tattoo of my name on his arm - my son loved me to death and I loved him to death," she said at an emotional press conference following her son's death. During the January 7 incident, Mr Nichols told officers he wanted to go home and called out for his mum while he was beaten. Her home was around 100 yards away. 