King Charles III has lined up his grandson, Prince George, for a precedent-breaking role in his Coronation this spring. The royals are reportedly considering giving the Prince, nine, a prominent official role alongside the Queen's grandchildren. The move will see the King and Queen draw their families together in a "bold" statement on the Firm's future. The Sunday Times has reported that Prince George could join Camilla's five grandchildren at the event this year. The publication said officials are discussing a "significant" role for the young future King. The monarch and his wife will meet with his parents, the Prince and Princess of Wales, to discuss what this could entail. His participation would mean he stands alongside the Queen's grandchildren on May 6.  The Queen has a son, Tom Parker Bowles, who has two children, Lola, 15, and Freddy, 13. Her daughter, Laura Lopes, has three, Eliza, 15, and 13-year-old twins Louis and Gus. Camilla wants the children - to whom she is known as "GaGa" - to hold a ceremonial canopy over her head while she is anointed with oil. They would serve in a role traditionally undertaken by duchesses. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded 'delusional' for wanting King Charles apology But a royal source told The Times she "does not want duchesses", and would instead "like it to be her grandchildren". The arrangement fits into the Royal Family's planned theme for the Coronation this year. When Buckingham Palace announced the date on January 21, officials said the Archbishop of Canterbury would conduct proceedings. The theme would "look towards the future", the Palace added, while "being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry". While Britons are naturally curious about what the event will broadly involve, many are most interested in whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend. A source has confirmed to the Daily Express that the Royal Family have extended an invite to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. They said: “They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama." The Palace has not confirmed whether this is the case, nor who else is on the guest list.