Liverpool's sickening 5-2 Champions League defeat to Real Madrid on Tuesday night is likely to prove the catalyst for some cut-throat decisions this summer when Jurgen Klopp will seek to overhaul his depleted squad. While the Reds got off to the perfect start following quick-fire goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah, their defensive frailty was once again ruthlessly exposed by Los Blancos, who ran riot on Merseyside to take a three-goal lead back to Spain ahead of the second leg. Liverpool totally lost control of proceedings and the match was another telling indicator that the Reds are in desperate need of summer reinforcements if they are to close the gap on the likes of Arsenal and Manchester City. Yet in order to spend, Liverpool must also sell and there are a number of players whose contracts are due to expire at the end of the campaign. Some should be renewed, some should not. James Milner and Roberto Firmino are certainly worth keeping. The veteran was miles off the pace after entering the fray against Real Madrid but his leadership qualities in the dressing room remain invaluable. He can also play at right-back in addition to central midfield and there is no real reason not to have him around the squad, where he will continue to have influence on the next generation. READ MORE: Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised The time has now come to move Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain on. Both have showed huge promises in glimpses but both have also lacked consistency and have had major struggles with fitness issues. They can no longer be relied on to have any form of influence on Liverpool's fortunes as more often than not, they flatter to deceive. While Liverpool won't revive any transfer fees for their departures, they will save notable money on their wages. Liverpool's wretched defensive display was also further proof that Joe Gomez is no longer the player he once was. READ MOREVirgil van Dijk speaks out after Jamie Carragher rant with Liverpool stars 'angry' at lossJamie Carragher 'after soundbites' as Man Utd icon Andy Cole berates Haaland commentsLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised The England international formed a formidable partnership with Virgil van Dijk when Liverpool won their only Premier League title in 2019/20 but since then, he has gone off the boil. There is the odd stellar display but time and time again, he has made errors that have led to Liverpool conceding goals. He was ripped apart by Napoli earlier in the season and that was the same case on Tuesday night when Real Madrid tore him to shreds. Joel Matip has also fallen off a cliff this season - hence why he has lost his place in the Liverpool side. It's now clear that Van Dijk and Ibrahima Konate are Jurgen Klopp's best centre-back pairing but Konate has also continuously struggled to remain fit. It's why Liverpool need to consider investing in another central defender this season but the top-bracket options such as Josko Gvardiol are unlikely to come cheap. Moving on players like Curtis Jones could also help generate some funds. The young attacking midfielder hasn't done too much wrong but he has hardly set the world alight. It's the kind of departure that may raise £15million-£20m which could prove handy for any rebuild. The same could also apply to Harvey Elliott although Liverpool will be determined to keep hold of him as he still has a very high ceiling - it's just hard to see him featuring ahead of Klopp's other star forwards. Liverpool need to sell in order to sign multiple players this summer and if the Reds are to launch a move for Jude Bellingham - he is likely to cost the majority of their transfer budget. It's time for Klopp to make some tough decisions.