Maya Jama took the Islanders by surprise on Friday as she make an unexpected appearance in the Love Island villa. The instalment ended with a cliffhanger as the ITV host announced the public had been voting for their favourite male Islanders. However, fans of the show were too busy admiring Maya’s “stunning” look to take in the news. Maya returned to the villa to interrupt the Islanders night with some shocking news. Walking into the villa, the host said: “Hello lovelies! Surprise, did you miss me?” “Maya Jama!” Kai hasped as the presenter asked the Islanders to gather by the fire pit. She said: “I’m sure you’re all wondering why I’m here… you have definitely been a busy bunch.” Read more: Meet the new winter Love Island cast “Well, I’ve got some very important news,” Maya added as she revealed some of the boys had been saved by the public while three of them were at risk of being dumped. Love Island viewers were distracted by Maya appearance as she opted for a metallic orange bodycon dress. Seneldx tweeted: “Maya had no right walking in there so FINEEEEE  #loveisland.” Fireallyoulike added: “That dress Maya is wearing is absolute STUNNIN #LoveIsland.” Cece_Carolinee remarked: “This dress Maya is serious #LoveIsland.” “Maya Jama looking stunning as always #loveisland,” Jewelhasaproblm shared. ChristaCannon quipped: “I hope I never have to stand next to Maya because I occasionally want to be seen, too. That woman is drop dead GORGEOUS. #loveisland.” Crysss_x agreed: “Maya is too fine for her to be given minimal screen time. She's needs to go in there every other day please #LoveIsland.” DON'T MISSLove Island update as two islanders are dumped from the villa  [INSIGHT]Love Island star Tom Clare’s sister speaks out amid fury from fans [INTERVIEW]Phillip Schofield mocks Molly-Mae in swipe at newborn’s name [VIDEO] Maya called out the names of the Islanders who were safe from eviction staring with Will Young. One by one the boys sat down until Spencer Wilks, Kai Fagan and Aaron Waters were left. Maya confirmed that the girls would have to decide who was leaving the villa. Love Island viewers will find out on Sunday what the girls have decided. Earlier in the episode, a kiss may have sealed Kai’s fate as the Islander cosied up to Olivia Hawkins. Olivia told Kai she was “nervous” to kiss him in the recent competition and he admitted he wanted to enjoy a “proper kiss” with Olivia instead. The pair enjoyed a kiss away from the other Islanders but will this mean Kai is safe from eviction? Love Island continues on ITV2 on Sunday at 9pm.