A body recovered from the River Wyre in Lancashire is missing mother Nicola Bulley, police confirmed on Monday night ending more than three weeks of an increasingly desperate search. In an emotional statement, the 45-year-old's family said that their hearts were broken and that they would "never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments". "We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that," they went on. "Our girls will get the support they need from the people who love them the most." "Our hearts truly break for others who have missing loved ones. Keep that hope alive. Finally, Nikki, you are no longer a missing person, you have been found, we can let you rest now. We love you, always have and always will, we will take it from here." Ms Bulley vanished while walking her brown spaniel Willow along the River Wyre on Friday, January 27. A frantic search by police, friends and family had failed to find her and as the days passed, her loved ones became more and more desperate for news. The police said from early on that they believed the mortgage adviser was most likely to have fallen into the river - but the case provoked a huge amount of speculation. Missing persons experts warned Express.co.uk that Tiktokers and so-called "grief tourists" appearing at the scene would likely pull police resources away from where they were most needed - in finding Nicola. On Sunday morning two walkers spotted something in the water around a mile from Ms Bulley's last known location. Police divers later recovered a body which had been resting in reeds. There was concern that Ms Bulley's family would face an agonising wait for identification of the body - but tonight police confirmed their worst fears. Speaking at a press briefing at police headquarters, Assistant Chief Constable Peter Lawson said: "Sadly, we are now able to confirm that yesterday we recovered Nicola Bulley from the River Wyre. "Nicola's family have been informed and are of course devastated. Our thoughts are with them at this time as well as with all her loved ones and the wider community. We recognise the huge impact that Nicola's disappearance has had on her family and friends, but also on the people of St Michael’s. Nicola was a mother to two girls aged six and nine and partner to Paul Ansell, whom she met in a pub 12 years ago. Lancashire Police read aloud a statement on behalf of her family. "Our Family Liaison officers have had to confirm our worst fears today. We will never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments and that will never leave us. "We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that. Our girls will get the support they need from the people who love them the most. "And it saddens us to think that one day we will have to explain to them that the press and members of the public accused their dad of wrongdoing, misquoted and vilified friends and family. This is absolutely appalling, they have to be held accountable this cannot happen to another family. "We tried last night to take in what we had been told in the day, only to have Sky News and ITV making contact with us directly when we expressly asked for privacy. They again, have taken it upon themselves to run stories about us to sell papers and increase their own profiles. It is shameful they have acted in this way. Leave us alone now. "Do the press and other media channels and so called professionals not know when to stop? These are our lives and our children's lives. "To those who genuinely helped and supported us, privately, we thank you. The community support in St Michael's, friends', neighbours and strangers has been nothing short of comforting and heart-warming. Friends you know who you are. Thank you. Our hearts truly break for others who have missing loved ones. Keep that hope alive. "Finally, Nikki, you are no longer a missing person, you have been found, we can let you rest now. We love you, always have and always will, we'll take it from here xx" The statement ends with a yellow heart. Police said they had now handed the case to the coroner.