When it comes to spending money on home improvements, you want to be confident that any money you spend is a wise investment in your home. From extensions and conversions to renovations and refurbishments – an upgrade to your kitchen could add a lot of value to your home. To help those looking to add value, experts at Wren Kitchens have shared seven ways to do so. They said: “There are several ways you can boost your property’s value, but kitchens are a great place to start as rooms go. So whether you’re preparing to sell, or simply futureproofing your home, there are a few kitchen design tips that will help increase the value of your home.” Worktops are one of the most impactful elements of a kitchen. There are a huge range of materials, styles and colours available for worktops these days, but it’s important to choose one wisely. The designers at Wren Kitchens said: “Quality worktops are worth the investment, as they’re super durable and stand the test of time. “Quartz is the best selling worktop and we’re not surprised with its non-porous properties which means it requires less upkeep than any other worktop. READ MORE: ‘Expensive’ interior ‘faux pas’ to avoid - rooms will look ‘rubbish’ “Choose subtle colours and patterns for a sophisticated feel such as cool or something subtle with some small veining.” Appliances are one of the most expensive parts of a kitchen, so households need to be smart with which ones they choose to buy or upgrade. Where possible, make sure to have modern, energy-efficient kitchen appliances. Integrated appliances are always a winner with potential buyers and can add value to the home. The experts said: “Having energy-efficient appliances is a big bonus if you’re either trying to sell your home, increase its future value or decrease your energy bills in general. DON'T MISS‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [EXPERT]‘Stubborn’ stains ‘slip right off’ of oven door with 85p staple [TIPS]I used the two minute baking soda method to clean my stained microwave [COMMENT] “Buyers will especially appreciate anything that will help them save money on their monthly utility bills. Opt for quality brands and be sure to check how energy-efficient they are.” An island creates a multifunctional space which will appeal to everyone and it showcases a flexible layout for cooking, dining, socialising and everything else in between. Plus, for those planning on selling, it truly “offers the instant ‘wow factor’”, claimed the designers. But for those who haven’t got the space for one, the pros suggested adding a peninsula or breakfast bar as they offer a similar solution. A peninsula is similar to an island in that it's a unit with a worktop, but instead of standing free in the middle of your kitchen, one end is attached to the wall. READ MORE: Kitchen feature that makes room ‘look aged’ - how to avoid According to the experts, a mix of spots and feature lights is “essential in any space” to illuminate working areas. But to enhance kitchen units one step further, they recommended choosing plinth, under cabinet or interior cabinet lighting to highlight the true beauty of a kitchen and to create an ambience. For those with north-facing and gloomy kitchens, add more spotlights “for that extra oomph”. Integrated storage such as larders and wide drawers are a great way to show that households have ample room. Plus, “clever interior storage” means households can hide the clutter and free up worktop space. The advised: “Make use out of every single inch of space such as corner pull-out options. Don’t forget the inside can look just as beautiful as the outside, with different interior colour options and don’t forget to organise your clutter with uniform jars and cutlery inserts for example.” Neutral wooden style flooring is a win, as it “will always be in fashion and suits any style” or shade of kitchen, claimed the designers. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Homebuyers looking for upscale properties take the floors into account when viewing for purchase, and wood floors affect values positively. Installing wood such as oak, pine or maple flooring enhances the home’s value. Choosing a neutral colour scheme for kitchen units is “essential” for creating a calming and appealing space for all to enjoy. When talking about a neutral colour scheme this means colours such as pebble grey, cashmere cream and wonderful white shades. For those thinking of selling their home in a few years and love a splash of colour, they could add a vibrant hue on a feature wall as this will be an easy fix for anyone else if they want to change it.