During the penultimate episode of series 12, Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) discovered his love interest Sophie Chambers (Chelsea Edge) was a killer who had targeted him the entire time. Ralf has addressed what the future holds for his character in the wake of the major twist.   Sophie's revenge stemmed from an incident back in England when Neville contributed to the arrest of her sister. Sophie hatched a plan by framing Neville for the murder of David Cartwright to make him pay for his actions. Neville actor Ralf, who made his Death in Paradise debut during the ninth series, has opened up about Sophie's vengeance. He shared: “He's really beating himself up and he's really in a bad place and frankly, he's not even sure anymore if he's up to the job. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show   “That has ramifications for whether or not he is worthwhile to the team anymore." Ralf explained his character is desperately trying to come to terms with the betrayal and emotional fallout from it. "On a professional level, he's really questioning his own abilities now,” he added to Radio Times. “He says at some point, 'I had a murderer living in my own house and I didn't see it.   "I didn't see any of it coming. I’m supposed to be a detective and I just let it all happen.’” Could this be Neville's final season as the show's detective inspector? Ralf has not announced he is stepping down from the role, but it has not stopped fans from predicting who might be the next lead detective. Bookmakers Ladbrokes has Inbetweeners star Simon Bird as the current favourite to replace Ralf. DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise star details 'hard time' during Death In Paradise [UPDATE]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little favourite to be replaced by Simon Bird [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's 'replacement' [REACTION] With odds of 5/1, it seems plenty of viewers see the actor as a fit for the role. Diane Morgan is behind Simon at 6/1, with Matthew Horne (8/1), Romesh Ranganathan (9/1) and Jodie Whittaker (10/1) also in the running. Jessica O'Reilly of Ladbrokes said: "Death in Paradise viewers have fallen in love with Neville Parker over the last few years. "The new DI will need to have their own quirks like those previous have, and it looks like Simon Bird could fit the bill very well."  While season 12 is coming to an end soon, Death in Paradise fans can look forward to a spin-off series called Beyond Paradise. The series is about DI Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) and his fiancée Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) and their lives back in the UK following their stint in the Caribbean. Kris appeared in seasons three and six of Death in Paradise and became a firm favourite with viewers. Death in Paradise continues on Friday at 9pm on BBC One. 