According to new research conducted by holiday experts Jersey Island Holidays, the city of Podgorica, in Montenegro, is the most affordable destination for a getaway in Europe with very low costs for flights, accommodation and meals. The average cost for a two-day holiday for two people in Montenegro’s capital city is approximately £222. According to the study, in Podgorica travellers will spend an average of £222 for two people including flights and meals. The experts revealed that return flights are estimated to be £89, a taxi for the two days would only cost £5 and a three-course meal at a restaurant only £22. Other budget-friendly European cities are Skopje, in North Macedonia, where the average cost for a couple’s getaway is £274. Debrecen, in Hungary, ranked in third place with an average cost of £304 for a getaway for two people. READ MORE: Flight attendant says elderly passengers can get 'one thing' for free On the travel blog Wander-lush experts recommended the "most beautiful places in Montenegro" if people are considering a trip to the Balkans. If "this underrated nation is on your radar," they said, think about visiting Perast and Kotor, on Kotor Bay. Kotor Bay is considered one of the most beautiful places in the country and the closest airport is Podgorica. Travellers can fly to Podgorica and visit the city for a couple of days and then head to Kotor Bay to enjoy the sea, charming towns and breathtaking views.  Another traveller shared their opinion on the travel blog saying: "I absolutely love Montenegro, such an underrated destination!" The travel experts explained that if they "had to choose the most beautiful place in Montenegro overall, it would be the harbour town of Perast". However, holidaymakers can not go on a trip to Montenegro without visiting "the country’s most popular destination and the crowning glory, Kotor". The "enchanting" Kotor Old Town was listed as UNESCO World Heritage and it resembles Dubrovnik or Split, in Croatia. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' On the travel blog Starsinsider, travel experts agreed saying that Montenegro "is the most underrated jewel of the Mediterranean". A spokesperson for Jersey Island Holidays commented on the results and said that Montenegro is worth a visit despite the current "economic climate". They said: “Couples planning for a romantic weekend might be tempted to dismiss the idea of travelling out of hand, especially in the current economic climate. "However, exploring cities that might not be the most popular options can be a great way to get the most bang for your buck while also providing new romantic and cultural experiences for you and your significant other.”