This summer, Harrison Ford returns as his archaeologist adventurer for one last time in the hotly-anticipated Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny. The 1969 setting has Indy going up against former Nazis during the Space Race in what some fans believe could be a time travel movie. Whatever the case, the pressure’s certainly on after the criticism the last film, 2008’s Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, has suffered in the years since. Now the 80-year-old Hollywood legend has addressed the backlash and shared why he’s feeling confident about the 2023 movie. Speaking with The Hollywood Reporter, Ford said: “I mean, [the critics] were harsh on it, but what are they doing now? I understand. But those were their rules — not [director Steven Spielberg’s and co-writer George Lucas’] rules. They were imposing their rules on what the movie should be. I don’t feel it’s necessary to address those issues. I think that everyone has a right to their opinion. The film was not as successful as we wanted it to be, perhaps. But it didn’t create an attitude or a behaviour that carried over into this film.” The Indiana Jones star agreed the film had lots of “old Indy” jokes that were outdated and confessed an aspect of scripts he “hates”. Ford continued: “Yeah. In [Dial of Destiny] there were a lot of old jokes in the script. We took them all out. There is a moment where he observes himself in this situation and says, ‘What the f*** am I doing in here?’ But I hate what I call ‘talking about the story.’ I want to see circumstances in which the audience gets a chance to experience the story, not to be led through the nose with highlights pointed out to them. I’d rather create behaviour that is the joke of age rather than talk about it.” Apart from these aspects, the 80-year-old shared why he’s excited about director James Mangold’s script. READ MORE: Harrison Ford on reunion with Indiana Jones co-star after 38 years Ford said: “What I love is that we’re meeting him at a different point in his life to where we’ve seen him in these other films. It’s a logical place for him to be at this stage, considering his behaviour and what he spent his time doing. It’s a very interesting script Jim came up with.” The actor also admitted he initially wasn’t keen on being digitally de-aged for Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny’s World War II opening, before changing his mind. DON'T MISSIndiana Jones 5 director responds to 'atrocious' test screening rumour [JAMES MANGOLD]Harrison Ford – Indiana Jones 5 not end of franchise after Disney news [INDY FUTURE]Harrison Ford, 80, ‘monster of a man’ on Indiana Jones 5 says co-star [HARRISON FORD] Ford added: “I never loved the idea until I saw how it was accomplished in this case — which is very different than the way it’s been done in other films I’ve seen. They’ve got every frame of film, either printed or unprinted, of me during 40 years of working with Lucasfilm on various stuff. I can act the scene and they sort through with AI every f***ing foot of film to find me in that same angle and light. It’s bizarre and it works and it is my face.” Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny hits cinemas on June 30, 2023. SOURCE