Online Bed and ISA applications have seen a significant rise over the past three months as more Britons take steps to protect their assets in view of the upcoming capital gains tax (CGT) and dividends tax threshold cuts expected in April. According to a poll from interactive investor (ii), tax planning was found to be the number one financial priority for one in eight investors going into 2023, with the Bed and ISA rush for ii customers starting as early as November 2022. However, experts warn “the clock is ticking” to invest in the opportunity this year. According to interactive investor, the biggest percentage increase in applications came in January 2023, with online Bed and ISA applications up 122 percent on January 2022, while December and November 2022 saw applications increase by 90 percent and 72 percent year on year respectively. The recent data coincides with the sweeping changes announced in the Government’s Autumn Statement in November last year. The Capital Gains Tax threshold will fall in April 2023 from £12,300 to £6,000 and then again to £3,000 in April 2024. The Dividend tax threshold will also be reduced from April from £2,000 to £1,000 and £500 in April 2024, for individuals who receive dividend income. Bed and ISA enable people to transfer assets held outside of a tax wrapper into an ISA, so that future investment growth and income are sheltered from tax. READ MORE: ISA savers may be ‘pleasantly surprised’ with interest rates increase  According to experts at interactive investor, it can also be a useful way to take advantage of any unused ISA allowance, especially if an investor has less ‘new’ money to invest, whether due to the cost of living crisis or anything else. Capital gains tax is payable on any profits above a person’s annual allowance, but moving the investments to an ISA means they won't pay CGT on those profits in future. The same is true of Bed and SIPP, where investors have the option to sell investments and use the proceeds to make a pension contribution to a new or existing SIPP. However, as well as Capital Gains Tax considerations, experts at ii said there are other things to consider with this route. Myron Jobson, a senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, said: “Since investments moved into a SIPP will count as a contribution, there are potential annual allowance considerations.” DON'T MISS: Five methods to cut council tax as bills set to rise from April [EXPLAINED]Jeremy Hunt planning back to work Budget to stop over-50s retiring [INSIGHT]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    However, he noted: “Despite Bed and SIPP being a less straightforward process, Bed and SIPP transfers in January 2023 were up 54 percent on interactive investor compared to January 2022, albeit from a lower base than Bed and ISA applications. The tangible increase started a little later, in January 2023.” Mr Jobson continued: “A bitter cocktail of tax freezes and some reduced allowances mean that while headline tax rates haven’t risen, we’ll be paying more in tax over the coming years. But making the most of tax-efficient wrappers like ISAs and pensions could help protect your wealth from the taxman’s clutches. “The impending swingeing cuts to the CGT and dividend tax threshold provides the impetus for investors to invest through a tax efficient wrapper if they haven’t already done so. Many of our customers were quick off the mark to do so after changes to both taxes were announced.” Mr Jobson explained that shifting investments into an ISA can “protect” future gains and dividends from the clutches of tax, and it also means they will no longer need to be declared on a person’s self-assessment tax return. READ MORE: Expert shares tips for homeowners fixing mortgage rates  Mr Jobson added: “Bed and ISA is also a valuable tool as a part of a broader portfolio spring clean strategy.” However, he pointed out: “There might be CGT implications, depending on your circumstances as Bed and ISA action is treated as a sale for CGT purposes. This means that gains that exceed the current annual CGT allowance are liable to tax.” According to Mr Jobson, there is usually a cut-off point for Bed and ISA transactions a week or so before the tax year-end. For example, the online Bed and ISA instruction deadline is 4.30pm on Friday, March 31 for interactive investor customers.  Speaking on the looming tax changes, Alice Guy, personal finance editor and interactive investor said: “The simplest way to avoid the uplift is to sell assets before April 2023 when the allowance is reduced.” However, she added: “If you’re planning to gift assets to someone else, then it could be worth making use of your annual CGT allowance this year before it’s reduced. Many people don’t realise that you also owe capital gains tax on assets gifted to someone else. “The gain is based on the market value at the time of the gift. But tax planning decisions are complicated and it’s important not to let the tax tail wag the financial planning dog.” 