Brian May, 75, has been married to Anita Dobson, 73, since 2000, with the pair beginning their relationship in 1986. The Queen guitarist has taken to Instagram to share a sweet tribute to his wife as he complimented his "inspiration" for her "humility and dignity" in the proud post. Brian took to Instagram to share a short video of his wife Anita on the stage accepting an ICON Award. Anita appeared on stage as she accepted the ICON award for entertainment and philanthropy. Brian wrote in view of his 3.1 million followers: "My amazing Lady Wife Anita tonight accepting her ICON award for entertainment and philanthropy. "So well-deserved - and she always inspires with humility and dignity. READ MORE: Penny Lancaster wows on her and Rod Stewart's lookalike son's birthday "Proud! And, all you folks out there who are having a hard time with life, in case you can’t hear how she would up her speech. "She says 'NEVER GIVE UP' She’s a great example of that adage. Believe it !! Bri." Many social media users rushed to the comments to compliment Brian's heartfelt message to his wife. Dorinedez said: "Congratulations to Lady May Dobson! Believe and never give up, the universe listens and rewards…" Amara.woolery added: "A perfect example of class and elegance. Anita has put so much effort into using her time and resources to better the world we live in— if anyone deserves this award, it’s her." Nenu_ph commented: "Congratulations to your wife Anita, well deserved. "Congratulations to you too, Bri, for being both examples, for having a noble and pure heart, kind, inspiring and adorable. "Beautiful night for you, congratulations on the award and recognition to your dear wife. Have a beautiful weekend. Big hug." DON'T MISS... Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than ever [PICS] Alison Hammond 'willing to marry' landscape gardener boyfriend [INSIGHT] Leonardo DiCaprio and Gigi Hadid call off 'fizzled' romance [HOLLYWOOD] This comes after Anita appeared on Loose Women last year to discuss her latest panto but she also made funny admissions about her marriage. The actress spoke about her husband's heart attack in 2020, with Anita at first accusing her husband of overexercising. She replied: "I didn't accuse him, what I thought was he'd just done a big workout because he was getting fit for touring. "You know we're all a bit melodramatic. 'Oh I've got a terrible headache, I'm sure it's cancer!' "And he just said, 'I think I'm having a heart attack!', and I went 'No, you've probably just over-exerted yourself, you've over-exercised. I'll make you a cup of tea!' "It wasn't till the next day that we realised how bad it was when we went to the doctor. "The doctor screeched round and took him to the hospital and put three stents in." Anita has joined the BBC hit, Doctor Who, and will be in the upcoming series alongside Millie Gibson and the new Doctor, Ncuti Gatwa.