On Saturday morning, Meghan took to Facebook to urge her friends, family and fans to “say a prayer” for Jon after she accompanied him to an urgent care treatment centre. The 1000lb Best Friends star revealed her fiance and TLC co-star was being treated for a recurring eye problem but was clearly distressed as she pleaded for fans’ well-wishes. In view of her friends and followers, Meghan confirmed Jon, 35, had suffered an “abrasion on his cornea”. She wrote: “Currently at urgent care with Jon.. he somehow managed to get an abrasion on the cornea of his eye. “This is something that has happened before, and we can’t figure out why. “Idk if it happened at work or what, but please say a prayer for him,” Meghan urged her Facebook fanbase. READ MORE: The Rookie's Nathan Fillion 'heartbroken' as he makes announcement Inevitably, it didn’t take long for concerned fans to flock to the comments section to send their well wishes. “Prayers going up for John,” one fan replied alongside a love heart emoji. While a second fan sent a series of love heart emojis with their comment: “Sending prayers for Jon. I once burned my cornea with a curling iron. You’ve got to be so careful with your eyes!” And another offered up some advice: “As someone who’s had many eye problems, rubbing your eyes can cause cornea tears. “Just rinse it out with water,” they continued before signing off: “Hope he’s ok!” A fourth follower sent their well-wishes by typing: “Sending all the good/healing vibes your guys’ way!” While a fifth sympathised: “Dang, he has the worst time with his eyes. Prayers for quick healing.” “Praying sweetie,” followed by a love heart emoji another fan added to the hundreds of concerned comments. DON'T MISS:NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to 'most talented' co-starTammy Slaton's pay for 1000lb Sisters explained as star hits goalYou season 4 fans 'work out' Eat the Rich killer accomplice identity Jon may rarely appear on the TLC show but his upcoming nuptials with Meghan have taken centre stage so far this season. Meghan has been trying on wedding dresses and discussing with her friends her emotions as the big day approaches. Jon and Meghan were first introduced to the duo when the latter appeared on another doc-series, Too Large. Meghan explained on the show back in 2021: “I met Jon about 10 years ago playing video games online, and he was living in California.” The 1000lb Best Friends star admitted she worried about first meeting Jon due to her size and appearance. However, Jon has had nothing but love for his other half, with him telling Too Large’s producers: “I love Meghan to the moon and back. “Everything that she does, she’s such a wonderful person. She has such a kind, sweet heart.” 1000lb Best Friends continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.