An adorable young girl handed Queen Consort Camilla a note requesting a playdate with Princess Charlotte while Camilla was paying an official visit in Battersea. She was visiting the STORM Family Centre, a charity set up to help victims and survivors of domestic violence, when the little girl, also named Charlotte-Rose, handed her the note. She promised to pass it on to her step-granddaughter. Her Majesty was at the centre in south west London to mark its 19th anniversary. She met with the centre's Patron Sabrina Elba and supporter Kanya King CBE, a British entreprenuer who founded the MOBO Awards. She spent time with STORM's lunch club members and met the charity's supporters and domestic violence survivors to hear about their experiences. Queen Camilla even tried her hand at the art therapy offered to those using the service, signing the picture with her initials CR (Camilla Regina). STORM was founded by Marie Hanson CBE 19 years ago to offer support such as counselling to those affected by domestic violence and sexual abuse. The Queen Consort is known for her long-time support of domestic violence causes and shared a cup of tea with some of those the charity has helped. She wore a pinstripe blazer and skirt suit for the visit teamed with her "Lulu-Bone White" bag by Launer London, which sells for £1,350. Although she has previously been seen with a white version of the bag, today she was carrying a customised black version. READ MORE: Princess Kate steps out in brown Hobbs coat for Cornwall visit The bag can be customised on Launer's website, with shoppers able to personalise it in the colour of their choice. The description says: "On this quietly outstanding clutch handbag, even Launer's classic logo is left aside, with the Lulu’s fine turned-edge leatherwork making a statement all on its own. "The sumptuous suede-lined main compartment is complemented by a discreet zip pocket to either side. "This elegant interior is enclosed within the finest quality of irresistibly soft calf leather. "Each item is handmade to order using our fine traditional craftsmanship."  DON'T MISS:New Super League explained - Four key changes as Perez and co return [LATEST]Tim Allen back for Toy Story 5 after snub from 'woke' Lightyear flop [REVEAL]Cat owner stunned as adopted pet rapidly grew [REPORT] The Queen Consort paired the outfit with her trusty black suede Russell and Bromley boots, which she also wore yesterday for a joint engagement with King Charles. Their Majesties paid a visit to Brick Lane to meet the Bangladeshi community and its most prominent members of the anti-racism movement. Queen Camilla wore a white couture Fiona Clare coat to keep out the cold as they were welcomed on the streets of Tower Hamlets by dancers and performers.