A teenager was beaten and kicked during what police describe as a violent altercation outside a school in Surrey. The shocking incident took place at the junction of Salcombe road and Stanwell road just outside Thomas Knyvett College in Ashford at around 2.30pm on Monday.   In the video seen by Express.co.uk, a female victim is seen attacked by another girl before a third joins in and pulls the victim’s hair. The shocking video also shows the involvement of another young girl then joining in the violent brawl. Surrey Police have appealed to the public not to share videos and photos online but to send them to a confidential police platform. Witnesses are being asked to call calling 101 or Crimestoppers confidentially on 0800 555 111.    Police said the victim has had her welfare confirmed and has been contacted by the officers. Police have so far arrested a 39-year-old woman, a 16-year-old girl, an 11-year-old girl, a 10-year-old girl, and a 43-year-old man in connection with this incident. In a statement, the force also added that they are looking to arrest a sixth suspect, a 15-year-old girl. The statement read: “She knows she is wanted in connection with this incident, and we encourage her to hand herself into her nearest police station.” READ MORE: Five of the UK’s most baffling missing person cold cases   Inspector Maxine Cilia, Borough Commander for Spelthorne, said: “I was shocked to see some of the video footage of this fight and the level of violence from young people outside one of our local schools. “Every school child should feel safe in the local community and not the target of any kind of violence as they leave school premises. “Surrey Police are now investigating this incident and gathering further evidence with the full co-operation of the school. “There will be extra patrols in this local area for reassurance and to enable local people to speak with officers.” DON'T MISS:Princess Kate leaves mother speechless at Evelina London hospital [INSIGHT]Florida teen Aiden Fucci pleads guilty for stabbing of cheerleader [REVEAL]Meghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok  [SPOTLIGHT]  Police have urged residents post videos of the distressing incident on social media. The statement read: “We ask that you do not share any videos or images of this incident, but to submit them via the link below so they can be considered as evidence in this investigation. “We are aware that this incident will have caused concern among students, parents, and staff at Thomas Knyvett College, as well as the wider community. “We would like to reassure you that an investigation is underway, five arrests have been made in connection with this incident, and we are working closely with Thomas Knyvett College as we investigate this matter.”  