Any controversial refereeing calls during Jake Paul's eagerly-anticipated fight with Tommy Fury will be analysed by VAR. The two rivals will finally go head-to-head on Sunday night after months of jibing, with the eyes of the sporting and influencer worlds watching on in Saudi Arabia. There has been a lot of speculation over the potential outcome of the fight, particularly after rumours that Paul's last bout against Anderson Silva was 'fixed'. Some argued that the UFC veteran had taken a dive in the final round resulting in a victory for YouTube star Paul. However, it has now been revealed that a video assistant referee will be present to ensure there is no repeat against Fury. TalkSPORT's Michael Benson confirmed: "WBC have VAR to review any contentious refereeing decisions on video if needed." It has also been confirmed that there will be open scoring in Saudi Arabia, with both corners told of the judges' scorecards halfway through the fight. READ MORE: Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury 'scripted' as winner of fight leaked by Fury replacement  Fury's team were forced to deny allegations of potential 'fight-fixing' hours before the fight after an alleged 'script' emerged on social media. The leaked document laud out a round-by-round set of events which saw Fury suffer an eye injury before being stopped in the final round. Tempers flaired at Saturday's weigh-in after Fury shoved Paul out of his face as the pair met head-to-head. As a result, the Englishman has also vowed to 'knockout' his long-time rival, despite the YouTube star heading into the ring slight favourite with the bookies. He said: "I am in boxing and have goals to be a world champion, so if I am to do that, I can’t be dodging people like Jake Paul. Believe you me the past two fights didn’t happen because of it being out of my hands. DON'T MISS Mayweather vs Chalmers event like a ghost town with O2 left bare Floyd Mayweather beats Aaron Chalmers as fans snub British debut Jake Paul worth three times more than Raducanu and Russell   “Third time’s a charm and we’re here. I’m in super fit condition and I am ready to go and put this all to bed. “For the last two-and-a-half years all it has been is, ‘when are you fighting Jake Paul?’ and to even mention my name in the same sentence as that is disrespectful to me who has been boxing my whole life. I am going to clinically knock this guy out early."