Lewis Hamilton is giving fans a chance to own a piece of F1 history as Mercedes auction off a section of their title-winning car. The piece comes from the rear end plate of Hamilton’s W11 2020 car with the bidding set to end later today. The carbon fibre piece was signed by Hamilton last year ahead of Mercedes' plans to sell it on. The value currently stands at a staggering £13,600 (€15,400) but is expected to rise ahead of the deadline at 4pm this afternoon. Experts have estimated the piece could reach a staggering £44,200 (€50,000). According to United Charity which is selling the piece, 100 per cent of all the proceeds generated by the sale will be donated to charity. The money will be sent to the Austrian Sports Aid Foundation which helps support talented young athletes. The piece will be built into a quality frame while Mercedes will issue an official certificate of authenticity. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher cars among F1's nicest ever  United Charity claims Mercedes boss Toto Wolff was behind the idea to sell the piece to raise funds. They said: “Now you have the opportunity to bid for an absolute rarity: An original Rear Wing Endplate from the world champion's W11 car from the 2020 championship season, personally signed by Lewis Hamilton. “This unique piece is donated by the Mercedes-AMG PETRONAS Formula One Team, with thanks to Toto Wolff, and comes in a high-quality frame including an official certificate of authenticity. Bid now and get a piece of F1 history!” Hamilton won his seventh world championship in 2020 after a commanding season. The Briton secured the title early with three events remaining and picked up 11 wins across the season. Mercedes destroyed the opposition in the Constructors’ Championship with another two wins from Valtteri Bottas helping the squad to secure 573 points. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and five more drivers could spark driver merry-go-round [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton 'hungrier' in F1 warning to rivals ahead of car launch [COMMENT]FIA and F1 set for another bust-up as chief sides with Lewis Hamilton  [ANALYSIS] Their tally was over 250 more than nearest rivals Red Bull Racing who managed just two wins all campaign. The Mercedes W11 was shrouded in controversy early on in the season after the team launched its Dual Axis Steering (DAS) system at pre-season testing. The divide allowed teams to change the alignment of the front wheels to gain performance. There was concern from Red Bull that the new technology was illegal but the FIA gave Mercedes permission to keep it on the car.