The Gold is a six-part drama that focuses on the gang who robbed the Brink's Mat security depot near Heathrow and accidentally came across gold bullion worth £26million. This BBC One drama will show how the six armed men inadvertently carried out the biggest theft in history and the ramifications of their actions which continued for decades. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the cast of The Gold. Criminal Kenneth Noye was involved in helping the robbers get rid of the gold bullion after the heist. He is portrayed by actor Jack Lowden who has been in BBC's adaptations of War and Peace, Wolf Hall, Mrs Biggs and Dunkirk. Fans may remember that he starred opposite Dwayne Johnson in Fighting With My Family in 2019. Most recently, Lowden is featured in Apple TV+'s series Slow Horses, as well as BBC's Small Axe. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Actor Hugh Bonneville has been in a number of high-profile films and shows over the years. Some of these include the Paddington movies, Iris, Notting Hill, W1A, Sandylands and To Olivia. He also famously played aristocratic Robert Crawley in the ITV period drama Downton Abbey. His latest part was in the Netflix horror film I Came By in 2022. Edwyn Cooper is a dodgy solicitor who gets caught up in schemes to try and hide and invest the money from the stolen bullion. He is portrayed by actor Dominic Cooper who stars in Mamma Mia! movie franchise as Sky Rymand. Most recently, he was behind the character Julius in the 2022 movie Princess. Some of his other parts have been in Captain America: The First Avenger, Sense & Sensibility, My Week with Marilyn's The Devil's Double and Fleming. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food [EXPLAINER]Casualty welcomes former EastEnders favourite as controversial doctor [CAST]Happy Valley's Rhys' one condition for reprising role as Ryan [REVEALED] Nicki Jennings is a young detective who is determined to help track those responsible for the heist. Actress Charlotte Spencer is best known for playing Esther in the ITV and BritBox period drama Sanditon. She has been in shows like Line of Duty, Baghdad Central, The Duke and the 2021 movie adaptation of Cinderella. Spencer was also the voice of Nettle in BBC One's Watership Down. Talking to What to Watch about preparing for the role, Scottish actor Lowden said: "I had an accent coach. "I was born in Essex, which is hard to tell and I grew up obsessed with [BBC1 sitcom] Only Fools and Horses, so, basically, I’m trying to play a taller, blond-haired Del Boy! "I also put on weight because I thought Noye needed more beef, so I worked with a personal trainer. It’s lovely to hold yourself in a different way." The Gold premieres on Sunday, February 12, at 9pm on BBC One.