Apple's AirPods might still rule the roost when it comes to wireless earbuds but there is currently a much cheaper alternative. Argos has just launched a ludicrously good deal which has slashed the price of Samsung's Galaxy Buds Live to under £70 - that's a whopping 50 percent off their original RRP. It's proving to be a popular discount with the UK store saying that this product is currently "In Demand!" and "Selling fast!". There are three colours to choose from including a shiny Mystic Bronze, White and Black plus they come packed with audio features including Active Noise Cancellation, full touch controls and a total of 21 hours of music playback via their neat little charging case. They also feature a unique bean-shaped design which Samsung promises offers a super comfy user experience. In fact, the Korean firm says they have been designed for "all-day comfort". Along with Argos, Amazon has also dropped things to the same low £69.99 price so if that's your favoured store you can grab the discount online. Finally, Currys has cut the cost but only to £99 which isn't as good as its rivals. There are no details on how long the deals will be available but if you do fancy grabbing this bargain then you can find full details below. Galaxy Buds Live • NOW £69.99 - WAS £139.99SEE THE ARGOS DEAL HERE Galaxy Buds Live • NOW £69.99 - WAS £139.99SEE THE AMAZON DEAL HERE Galaxy Buds Live • NOW £99 - WAS £139.99SEE THE CURRYS DEAL HERE As a quick comparison, Apple's entry-level Airpods are currently £139 at Argos which is double the price of those Galaxy Buds Live Although this is definitely a tempting discount, there is an update from Apple that might also convince you to buy some new buds. The firm's Beats Fit Pro are already some of the best music makers for the gym thanks to a wingtip design, full Active Noise Cancellation, sweat-proof casing and dynamic head tracking which makes things sound much more immersive. Now, to help you stand out from the crowd, these buds are launching in some bright new colours including Coral Pink, Volt Yellow and Tidal Blue. They cost £219.99 and are on sale now.