Meghan Markle "will not like" Sasha Walpole revealing details about her sex with Prince Harry, according to leading royal commentator Robert Jobson. Mr Jobson reacted to the revelation that the older woman who took Prince Harry’s virginity in a field behind a busy pub has come forward to tell her side of the story. Harry had detailed the occasion he lost his virginity in one of the more salacious passages in his explosive memoir, Spare. Mr Jobson tweeted: "Loving the interviews with Harry’s 'older woman' in The Sun and MailPlus. "She seems down to Earth telling 'her truth' for cash. "Not sure Meg will like Sasha Walpole telling Piers Morgan that the Harry she knew seems under a spell. "But 'H' started it by writing about her." JUST IN: Prince Harry downed shots with 'older woman' before he lost virginity  Sasha Walpole told reporters that she and Harry had a passionate five-minute romp while his security searched for him in a blue Ford Fiesta. The revelation comes after the story became one of the most talked-about passages in the bestseller, sparking a guessing game as to who the unnamed 'older woman' might be. Ms Walpole, who was a Highgrove groom and is now a digger, said that the encounter in July 2001 was "wham-bam" between two friends. The 40-year-old mum-of-two said the booze-fuelled sex came after the pair downed ten shots of tequila, Baileys and sambuca.  Mr Jobson remarked that Sasha was described as an "older woman" in Spare, but she is actually younger than Meghan. He tweeted: "So it turns out Harry’s 'older woman' (from his memoir Spare) is actually younger than his wife Meghan." Fellow commentator Angela Levin, who previously wrote Harry's biography, echoed Mr Jobson's point: "Harry can't now make a fuss when his own privacy is broken into." Ms Walpole says Harry made the first move and this led to them having sex in a field behind The Vine Tree pub in the Wiltshire village of Norton. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan's 'transatlantic campaign of hate' backfires in US [REACTION]Remainer says he would 'vote to leave' if asked again [INTERVIEW]Buoyant Boris is right to reject gloomy outlook [EXPRESS COMMENT]  She explained: "We didn't set out to do it – it wasn't premeditated and I didn't know he was a virgin. "There were no virgin vibes – he seemed to know what he was doing. It was quick, wild, and exciting. "We were both drunk. It wouldn't have happened if we weren't. "To tell the truth, he didn't make sure I was happy. He was young. It's not until you are older you understand that stuff. It really was just a moment of passion."