A new lead in the disappearance of Nicola Bulley could come from her car keys which her partner has asked Mercedes to "track". There had been speculation that the 45-year-old had left the keys in the ignition of her Mercedes. But these claims were rubbished when her neighbour and friend Charlotte Drake said that it is likely the keys were in her coat pocket. Speaking with the permission of Ms Bulley’s partner Paul Ansell, she said: "She would have put [them] in her coat pocket." According to Paul Ansell, the keys are described as having "a couple of Mercedes keyrings on it, one black and one blue" and "a round wooden key ring with paw prints on it, and a couple of normal keys". Nicola's disappearance has been at the centre of a widespread search after she vanished without trace at 9.20am on January 27 when she was walking her springer spaniel Willow along their regular route in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancs. Her phone was left on a bench near the River Wyre still connected to a works conference call and her dog was found visibly distressed nearby when the alarm was raised. Despite searches of the river, Nicola's whereabouts still remain a mystery.  According to reports, Paul contacted the car company to see if "they could be tracked". Heather Gibbons said it was one of the first things Paul did after hearing of his wife's disappearance. She said: "The neighbour will be correcting some incorrect speculation that is becoming frequently spoken about. That is all. Paul has been clear about Nikki's keys being missing from the get-go. "In the local searches, he specifically asked people to keep their eyes open for them and even organised for people to go out with metal detectors. One of the first things he did was to contact Mercedes to see if they could be tracked." READ MORE: Libby Squire's mum urges Nicola Bulley’s partner not to give up hope  Friend Ms Drake has also praised Nicola's partner, saying that how he is getting through this is “nothing short of a miracle” as he continues to care for his two daughters. Speaking to Metro she added: "When many would be sat at home 'waiting for news' he is using the media exactly as it should be used, to share the facts, highlight the lack of evidence and spread the word far and wide, so that he can hopefully reach someone that knows something. "As neighbours and friends, we’ve all said from 11am on day one when the police showed up … 'She’s not in that river.' "My gut feeling remains the same. I honestly believe Nikki is not in the water." DON'T MISS:Nicola Bulley police searching caravan park near the river [PICTURES]Nicola Bulley had car keys on her when she disappeared, says friend [COMMENT]Private Nicola Bulley search begins into 'burial sites' near river [INSIGHT]  Lancashire Police are continuing to trawl the River Wyre towards the sea at Morecambe Bay, working on one hypothesis that the mortgage adviser from Inskip could have fallen in. Also helping with the search are specialists and divers from HM Coastguard, mountain rescue and Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service, with sniffer dogs, drones and police helicopters. 