It has been a massive week for One Direction fans. Harry Styles cleaned up over the weekend at the 2023 Grammy Awards, winning two gongs across the night (Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album), further proving that he is one of the most popular and successful acts in music at the moment - but his success comes with a bitter sting. After Harry's success, a One Direction reunion is now less likely than ever. The latest odds from Ladbrokes have placed a One Direction reunion in the next 12 months at a meagre 6/1. This will no doubt be a brutal blow for fans who have been hoping and dreaming of a return for the group since their disappointing split back in 2016. To make matters worse, it is Harry's recent string of awards that have worsened the odds exponentially. The bookies' Alex Apati said: "Harry's Grammys success has come at a huge cost for Directioners, with the band looking increasingly unlikely to get back together any time soon." Harry has maintained a chokehold on the music industry since he kicked off his solo career back in 2017 with his debut self-titled album. Since then he has only grown in success. His 2019 record Fine Line was a smash hit, reaching number one in 13 countries and going multi-platinum around the world, including in Australia, Italy, the USA and the UK. With such bangers as Watermelon Sugar and Golden, it's no surprise he pushed out another album so soon. In 2022, he released his third album, Harry's House, which also reached number one in 27 countries around the world. It, too, grabbed multi-platinum certifications across various parts of the world, as well, selling more than 330,000 units worldwide. With incredible sales numbers like this - and a budding Hollywood career - dedicating time back to a One Direction reunion may not be at the top of the 29-year-old's priorities. DON'T MISS...Harry Styles blasted for ‘tone deaf’ Grammys acceptance speech [NEWS]One Direction stars congratulate Harry Styles on Grammys win - 'Proud' [INFO]Harry’s got my Style, says Robbie Williams [INSIGHT] There is a glimmer of hope, however. After Harry won Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album at the Grammys, he was praised by two of his former bandmates. Liam Payne wrote a touching Instagram post for his former pal, saying: "Wow... this image is really something to wake up to and when you write music like you do Harry you deserve every millisecond of that moment looking down smiling at the trophy you've earned. God bless you brother congratulations." (sic) Niall Horan also joined in with the festivities. He posted an Instagram story of Harry accepting his award on the Grammys stage alongside some love hearts. He captioned the image: "Very proud." Harry himself has spoken candidly in the past about getting the old band back together. Back in 2022, he was quizzed about whether he thought One Direction could ever reunite. He replied: "The thought of it is really nice. I’d love for there to be a time where it felt like something we all wanted to do." After a beat, he added: "Yeah, I think if there’s a moment for us to do it in the right way, I think it’d be great." He confirmed: "I think we all went through something really special together, and there’s a lot of love there." (Via Spout Podcast)