Inheritance tax is on course to hit another record high this year as experts predict HMRC receipts could be 13.7 percent higher than in 2021 to 2022. Inheritance tax is charged at 40 percent on anything above the £325,000 threshold unless they leave everything over £325,000 to a spouse, civil partner, or charity. The threshold is unlikely to change in the budget. However, the older generation could pass on wealth tax-free by making the most of gifting allowances before the end of the financial year.  Anthony Whatling, tax partner at Evelyn Partners said now is the time to review personal finances as some crucial allowances could be cut from April 2023. He said: “It’s one of the most decisive tax-year ends in decades. So if not done already then it’s definitely time for earners, savers and investors to review their tax position. "Many allowances are calculated on a yearly basis, so a pre year-end review can help to identify any potential tax savings, particularly with the changes afoot.” One way to make the most of tax breaks is to use up the annual gift allowance when it comes to inheritance tax. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could lose £1,000 due to DWP rule change  There is a risk that the Spring Budget on March 15, 2023 will bring further changes to IHT, so people may wish to consider making use of the current allowances where possible, Mr Whatling told IFA Magazine. The £3,000 annual gifting allowance can only be brought forward for one tax year, so anyone with assets to spare may want to consider using this and last year’s allowance before April 5. A married couple can make gifts independently so would have double the allowance to use up. Jason Ferrando, CEO of easyMoney said there are ways to minimise the inheritance tax hit for those that feel aggrieved at handing the government a slice of their hard-earned wealth. DON'T MISSOver 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform [INSIGHT]State pension age increases are changing [UPDATE]NatWest ups overpayment rates on mortgages - could save thousands [ALERT]     He said: "Passing down a living inheritance is the most popular route and could be done via equity release, gifting, creating a trust, or via political or charitable donations." During 2021 to 2022, a staggering £6billion was paid in inheritance tax to HMRC, the largest amount since 1999. Whereas inheritance tax was initially supposed to tax the wealthy, hardworking families often bear the brunt due to high property prices and frozen IHT allowances. Richer Britons may be more likely to speak to advisors on the issue, who are well versed when it comes to legal loopholes which would enable them to pay less inheritance tax. People could also set up a trust to reduce how much IHT someone has to pay. Trusts are one of the most valuable tools for financial planning but not everyone understands how they can be used to one’s best advantage. Graham Southorn told Express.co.uk: “If you think you are going to have an inheritance tax problem you can look at trusts. "With cash and savings it’s best to talk to a financial advisor and with property talk to a will writer or estate planner or solicitor.”  10 legal ways to pay less inheritance tax:  