Nikki Haley knows Donald Trump's weaknesses but the ex-POTUS is preparing to pick off his 2024 Republican rivals "one-by-one", leading Grand Old Party (GOP) officials have told Express.co.uk. The former South Carolina Governor recently hinted at challenging Trump for the Republican Party's nomination - and now the 51-year-old is expected to officially enter the race on February 15. It is an interesting match up, given Trump employed Haley as UN ambassador during his time in the Oval Office.  Another ex-Trump staffer issued a warning to his former boss, suggesting Haley is aware of his weaknesses and "must be taken seriously". "She worked for the President, he knows her strengths and weaknesses but everything cuts both ways so she knows his as well," he told Express.co.uk. "I don't think anyone can be written off in 2024 and every challenger must be taken seriously." However, in a word of caution to Haley about the head-to-head battle, ex-White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney said Trump has a calculated gameplan. Mulvaney, who served under the ex-POTUS from January 2019 to March 2020, told Express.co.uk: "Trump underestimates no one. But his style is to focus on his opponents one-at-a-time. "He likely perceives DeSantis to be the biggest threat right now, hence the attention that Trump is giving him." JUST IN: FBI to search Mike Pence’s Indiana home as investigators ramp up classified document probe  Despite Haley's support among certain corners of the GOP, Trump recently appeared to dismiss the threat she posed, reportedly telling the former UN Ambassador: "Go by your heart if you want to run." In contrast, Trump has looked to tackle leading Republican rival Ron DeSantis head on. The 45th President slammed the Sunshine State's Governor as "disloyal" and previously branded him "Ron DeSanctimonious". Mulvaney, who recently revealed he would find it "very difficult" to vote for his former boss in 2024, added: "If Haley gains traction, that may change. Her pending announcement doesn't change any of that." South Carolinian Pastor Mark Burns was more dismissive of Haley's chances, including in her home state. READ MORE: US politician, 30, shot dead while driving car outside her home - gunman on the loose He told Express.co.uk: "It's unfortunate because Nikki Haley lost South Carolina, that state that she was once Governor, to Donald Trump before she even made her announcement." Opinion polls do not currently paint a pretty picture for the former UN Ambassador. A recent Morning Consult survey put Haley in a distant fourth place on just three percent, with Trump leading the pack on 48 percent and DeSantis trailing in second. A separate Trafalgar Group poll in South Carolina also had Haley lagging behind Trump, DeSantis and Palmetto State Senator Tim Scott on just 12 percent. But if Haley can increase her support in her home state she could quickly build momentum in the GOP primary race. South Carolina will be the third state to host the Republican nominating contest.   The Palmetto State's significance was on show last weekend when Trump touched down in Columbia to unveil his South Carolina leadership team. The former POTUS also visited New Hampshire, another voting area which will open early, to address Granite State GOP members. However, some Republican strategists appear to suggest Haley could benefit if Trump underestimates her campaign. Amy Koch, former majority leader of Minnesota's Senate, said: "I think she has some really strong qualities, executive experience as Governor, Ambassador to the UN, and an attractive candidate. "I think the exact spot you want to be is having former President Trump underestimating you." GOP fundraiser Noelle Nikpour also indicated Haley could emerge as a dark horse in the contest.  She told Express.co.uk: "I think people are happy Haley is running because it gives a viable candidate to GOP voters that's reasonable, accomplished and serious. "It doesn't hurt that she's a woman too. I think she gets initial support because even if she doesn't get the nomination she'd be a wonderful VP choice." However, Nikpour explained that many Republican donors were holding out to see if DeSantis decides to enter the race. "I don't think the donors will be all in financially due to the 800-pound elephant in the room, DeSantis," she said. "We are all waiting to see what he does. But yes initially I think donors give a little bit to her and I know people are pleased she's in." Express.co.uk approached Haley's spokesperson for comment.