The Electric Vehicle Smart Charging Action Plan sets out steps being taken to seize on the significant potential of smart charging and make it the preferred method of long-duration charging by 2025. The plan to lower energy bills will help motorists benefit from cheaper motoring in a scheme which has been described as a “landmark plan” by the Government and Ofgem. Smart charging harnesses the potential of energy use data and the latest energy innovations to deliver significant benefits for consumers. This includes allowing motorists to charge electric vehicles when electricity is cheaper or cleaner, allowing consumers to power their home using electricity stored in their electric vehicle, or even sell it back to the grid for profit. The report stated: “Depending on tariff, mileage, and charging patterns, smarter charging could save an average driver up to £200.” In addition, a high mileage driver can save up to £1,000 a year by delaying the power demand from vehicles at peak periods, such as 4pm to 9pm on winter evenings. READ MORE: 'Nightmare' hospital car park where drivers 'pull hair and scuffle' To back this up further, the Government announced £16million in funding from the Net Zero Innovation Portfolio (NZIP) for technologies that harness the potential of smart charging. One of the most popular instances is a smart street lamppost, which will enable motorists to access smart charging on the move, and projects that will enable domestic appliances, from heat pumps to electric vehicle charge points and batteries, to integrate into a smarter energy system. Tim Alcock at LeaseElectricCar.co.uk said: “It’s a great win for EV drivers - under the new smart charging scheme you may save up to £1,000 on energy bills. “The Government has announced that this scheme will allow you to use electricity to power your homes, energy which is otherwise stored in your vehicle, as well as being able to sell back electricity to the National Grid to make some money.” DON'T MISSWoman shares 'simple' driveway parking tip which earns her £50 a month [INSIGHT]Massive new number plate changes to be introduced within weeks [WARNING]Elderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning [URGENT] Mr Alcock stated that it was also good news for those who don’t currently own an electric vehicle. He added: “By reducing the demand for electricity, such as pumping electricity from EVs into the home, this will in turn help contribute to lowering the overall demand and costs for billpayers across the country. “As we head towards an increase of the energy price cap, the smart charging scheme is a positive step forward for the country to help reduce costs for all consumers. “Investment into the smart energy system is also going to help EV drivers in the long run too. Smart lampposts and merging domestic appliances into the system will help make smarter charging easier for motorists. READ MORE: Boris Johnson attacks Sadiq Khan's 'mad' ULEZ expansion “This recent announcement gives the electric vehicle industry hope that the right infrastructure is being put in place as the country moves towards the ban of new petrol and diesel cars in just seven years' time.” The announcement, which was originally made in January, will help support the Government's net zero goals for 2050. By reducing electricity system costs at a national scale, it will naturally lower prices for the public. The rollout of intelligent and automated smart charging will deliver a win-win situation for all consumers, the Government said. As of July 2022, all new charge points sold for private now must have smart functionality and the UK is consulting on a new policy and technical framework to unlock the benefits of domestic smart, flexible energy, and enhance its cybersecurity. The Government and Ofgem will seek to remove the barriers that currently prevent the full development of a diverse and competitive smart charging market. Alongside this, they will make sure the energy system is ready to respond to the upturn in energy demand that electric vehicles will bring. Delivering the steps set out in the Action Plan will help make smart charging the norm at home and work by 2025. It is the ambition that in the late 2020s smart charging will also become more commonplace at long-duration public charging, such as on-street or at transport hubs.