Erik ten Hag has reacted to the Europa League last-16 draw, which pitted Manchester United against Spanish opposition for the third time this season. United will face Real Betis in March after dumping Barcelona out of the competition on a dramatic Thursday night at Old Trafford. Ten Hag took his depleted post-World Cup squad to Seville for a friendly against Betis in December, losing 1-0 to a Nabil Fekir winner. But he will be confident of a different outcome with his full-strength ranks at his disposal, given United have already defeated Barcelona and Real Sociedad under his watch, both above Betis in La Liga. After Friday's draw in Nyon, Ten Hag told the United website that he expected a 'skilful' team similar to La Real and Barca. He said: "I just heard [the draw], and we played them in the pre-season after the winter break, and you know what you get from Spanish football. JUST IN: Man Utd takeover - Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe 'have same Glazer view'  "We faced it yesterday. It is a playing team, a skilful team, so we will have to play our best. "We also played Real Sociedad this season, and so we know only when you play your best, you have a chance to survive and to get into the next round. So, we will go deeper when we face them." As the unseeded team in the tie, United must welcome Betis at Old Trafford in the first leg, on March 9, before travelling to Seville for the second leg at Benito Villamarin on March 16. But, for now, Ten Hag's focus is firmly on the short-term future as the fixtures keep coming for United, still the only team in Europe competing for four trophies. DON'T MISS Fernandes explains Man Utd defeat that ‘hurts the most’ this seasonChelsea boss Potter lifts lid on 'crisis talks' and aims Tuchel digGuardiola points blame in strong response to Haaland service conerns "First, we have to put the energy and the focus into the next games, and games [after that], because first, we have the Carabao Cup, the FA Cup, and then the Premier League," Ten Hag explained. Before the Betis clash, United have the opportunity to break their six-year trophy drought at the first time of asking under Ten Hag on Sunday. Newcastle United await at Wembley Stadium in the Carabao Cup final before progression to the FA Cup quarter-finals is up for grabs against West Ham United on Wednesday. Ten Hag's side then return to Premier League action on March 5 for the always-anticipated trip to Anfield to face Liverpool, who he claimed his first win as United boss over in August. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.