Bargain Hunt sees the red and blue teams go head to head five days a week, in search of hidden treasure worth a bob or two. After finding their own items, they put their trust into the BBC's team of antique experts who purchase their own "bonus buys" which they could take to auction instead of their own items. One of the daytime series' original stars is none other than Philip Serrell who remains a popular figure in 2023. Bargain Hunt star Philip Serrell is 1.7m tall, which is equivalent to 5ft 8in tall. He isn't alone either as his co-stars Eric Knowles, Thomas Plant and Jonathan Pratt are also believed to be the same height. Colin Young, on the other hand, is slightly taller at 5ft 10in and Charles Hanson towers above the rest at 6ft 1in. The shortest among the experts are, predictably, some of his female colleagues. READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star Christina Trevanion stands at just 5ft 5in reportedly, whereas Kate Bliss is 5ft 3in. But the shortest of the Bargain Hunt stars is believed to be Roo Irvin at just 5ft 1in tall. Philip filmed his very first episode of Bargain Hunt in Malvern back in 1999 and was broadcast the following year. Shortly before shooting the episode, he got his signature look with his scarf. Explaining his wardrobe choice, Philip said on Twitter: "Cast your mind back to about November of 1999, I was asked to record the very first Bargain Hunt that they ever recorded. "I walked into the green room with a scarf on and I was about to take it off when the soundman said, 'What are you doing?'. "I said, 'Well, I’m taking my scarf off'. He said, 'no, no, no – don’t do that because I can hide the microphone in there and it makes me look really good'." The next time he walked on set, Philip was expected to wear the item again and joked: "Well, come August, I’m the only bloke walking around wearing a scarf." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [REACTION]Bargain Hunt expert details value of vintage Pokemon Cards [EXPLAINER]Bargain Hunt star Kate Bliss has her 20 years of antiques experience [CAST] Little is known about Philip's private life as he prefers to keep out of the spotlight when he isn't filming Bargain Hunt. But it is known he has been married to a woman called Briony for a number of years. They share one daughter together, Clementine who is now 34 years old. She works as a personal trainer and also runs a cake business side hustle called Batch 22. Philip will be seen travelling to Narbeth for the latest episode of Bargain Hunt. The synopsis reads: "Christina Trevanion heads to west Wales, where experts Philip Serrell and Kate Bliss guide our red and blue teams in their search for the best items to sell at auction in Cardiff. "Christina carves her own love spoon as she learns about the Welsh tradition dating back to the 17th century." Bargain Hunt continues five days a week at 12.15pm on BBC One.