Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has been compared to a ‘mad professor’ by Chris Sutton who suggested the Spaniard has made a series of baffling decisions over the past week. The Sky Blues passed up the opportunity to go within two points of Arsenal this weekend as they fell to a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Tottenham with Kevin De Bruyne benched for the encounter. The decision to let Joao Cancelo join Bayern Munich without signing a replacement has also left many fans scratching their heads. City have been the team to beat in the Premier League over the last five years, winning four titles in that time under Guardiola’s tutelage. However, they have failed to replicate that level of performance at times this season, losing three of their last six games in all competitions and falling five points behind Arsenal in the race for the trophy. As a result, Guardiola has come under criticism after continually tinkering to try and find the right formula. Cancelo was the first big name to find himself out of the side after he was replaced by teenager Rico Lewis in a decision which eventually led to his departure to the Bundesliga. The usually talismanic De Bruyne has also been sidelined at times, including Sunday’s defeat in north London. Sutton has been among those who have been critically suggesting Guardiola is started to come across as a ‘mad professor’ in his decision-making. DON'T MISS: Man Utd opponents Barcelona suffer key injury blows ahead of clash “Pep Guardiola is trying very hard to come across as the mad professor with the decisions he's making and, right now, they aren't doing Manchester City much good,” the former Chelsea and Celtic striker wrote in his column for the Daily Mail. “His side aren't carrying that air of superiority we've seen from them in the past. “Sending Joao Cancelo on loan to Bayern Munich? Madness. Dropping Kevin De Bruyne for a game you need to win to move within two points of Arsenal? Madness. Asking 18-year-old Rico Lewis to constantly receive the ball on the half-turn while Tottenham's pressers lurk like vultures? Madness.” Guardiola himself has been at a loss to explain what has gone wrong recently but stressed that he and his players would do everything they could to turn things around.  "Normally when we win it is a real team and when we lose it is not," the 52-year-old said after the defeat to Tottenham. "I have a lot of gratitude for these players. I always try to do my best. I said many times, I knew that we were not the same after winning a lot – me the first when I talk about that – but the way we try to go and fight for every ball until the end, we try until the end. I always try to do the next step. "It doesn’t matter what happened in the past. We have to try to do it now, we are sad. Tomorrow we will watch the game, reflect and then think about Aston Villa – that will be tough- with our people and fans. It will be a long season for everyone and we will try to continue.”