Prince Harry has repeatedly said he wants to reconcile with his family and said in a recent TV interview that "the ball is in their court". In a separate interview the Duke of Sussex said he is seeking an apology for his wife Meghan Markle and a royal commentator has suggested that saying sorry is crucial to making amends. But accountability needs to come from both sides, she said, and the Royal Family will certainly be wanting the Sussexes to hold their hands up as well. Royal commentator Afua Hagan told Express.co.uk that Prince Harry is seeking an apology from the Royal Family, particularly from King Charles, Prince William, and Camilla, Queen Consort. "Harry certainly wants an apology from the Royal Family for the planting of the stories especially, for not defending him and Meghan, for not really being there for them in the way that they needed them," she said. The commentator noted that the Duke is especially keen for an apology from his brother, Prince William, for his behaviour.In his memoir, Spare, Harry alleged that William physically assaulted him. But, while Ms Hagan believes an apology is key to reconciliation, she believes Harry and Meghan also have to take some responsibility. "I think a reconciliation will take an apology from the Royal Family to Harry and Meghan and accountability on both sides, more accountability from the Royal Family for the things that they have done and perpetuated," Ms Hagan said. "I think that Harry and Meghan also need to take some accountability as well." She added: "The Royal Family won't want it to be them just apologising and Harry and Meghan going thank you and walking away, they're going to want something as well." Peace talks between Harry, the King and the Prince of Wales are understood to the cards, as Charles is keen to put the Sussex drama behind him ahead of the Coronation. READ MORE: Harry offered path 'out of reputational slump' with new Netfix series All three of them need to meet face-to-face for the talks, which is crucial for the family to move on. Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, has been tipped to mediate the talks. The King wants Mr Welby to strike an agreement with his warring sons to enable the Sussexes to attend the May ceremony, the Mail on Sunday reports. It wouldn't be the first time the Archbishop has been brought in to help with the family drama, as he was asked to act as an intermediary between William and Harry shortly after the Queen's death in September.  During the publicity push for his memoir, Prince Harry said he wanted the Royal Family to apologise to his wife. Speaking to the Telegraph, the Duke of Sussex said he wanted his family to sit down with him and talk about what has happened. He said: "I wish you’d actually sit down with me, properly, and instead of saying I’m delusional and paranoid, actually sit down and have a proper conversation about this, because what I’d really like is some accountability. And an apology to my wife. "Because you know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you’ve been caught out, so just come clean, and then we could all move on."