CNN news anchor Don Lemon tweeted an apology after being accused of sexism for remarks he made about Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley. He had been absent for three days but has now returned to work and will undergo unspecified training. Speaking on CNN This Morning on Wednesday, Lemon, during a discussion about Haley, said: "Nikki Haley isn’t in her prime, sorry.  "If you Google when a woman is her prime it will say 20s and 30s and maybe 40s." Liberal Lemon, who returned to CNN This Morning today, made no mention of his comments, instead reporting on stories like President Joe Biden’s trip to Ukraine, the Ohio train derailment and winter weather. However, he tweeted that he appreciated the opportunity to return to work. He was absent for three days following the incident. "To my network, my colleagues and our incredible audience - I’m sorry," he tweeted. "I’ve heard you, I’m learning from you, and I’m committed to doing better." His tweet made no mention of Haley, who called Lemon’s comments sexist and has been referring to them in fundraising appeals.  On last Thursday’s show, Lemon and fellow hosts Poppy Harlow and Kaitlan Collins had been discussing Haley’s suggestion that politicians over 75 should be subject to mandatory mental competency tests. This is when Lemon made the controversial comment. Haley, who announced she will be running for president this month, is 51. She has called for a "new generation" of leadership in Washington. Lemon is five years older than Haley at 56. He doubled down on his message even after being challenged by his female colleagues. "I think we need to qualify," Harlow said at one point. "Are you talking about prime for childbearing or are you talking about prime for being president?"  READ MORE: Harry chose 'nastiest, dirtiest, cheapest' method to vent frustration After video of his comments spread quickly online, Lemon tweeted regret for his "inartful and irrelevant" comments. Haley quickly responded to the comments, tweeting: "It's always the liberals who are the most sexist." Her campaign is now marketing beer koozie's which read "Past my prime? Hold my beer" after the former South Carolina Governor made a similar comment on Fox News. He was scolded the next day by CNN chief executive Chris Licht during an internal staff meeting, and appeared on the call to apologize.  DON'T MISS:What Americans really think of Harry and Meghan South Park appearance [INSIGHT]Biden informed Putin of his visit to Ukraine ahead of time [REPORT]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Meghan Harry sue [ANALYSIS] Late Sunday, Licht told staff members in a memo that Lemon would return to work and undergo unspecified training. Licht said in the memo, obtained by The Associated Press, that it was important that the network balance accountability with fostering a culture in which people “can own, learn and grow from their mistakes”. Lemon was switched from his own prime-time show when a revamped "CNN This Morning" was launched in November - one of Licht’s biggest swings since taking control of the network last year.  