Parklife 2023 is taking place in Manchester's Heaton Park this year on June 10-11, 2023. This time around, Matty Healy's band The 1975 will be hitting the main stage alongside Aitch, Fred Again, The Prodigy, Little Simz and the legendary Wu Tang Clan. Presale tickets are going live today, but act fast, as they aren't expected to last for very long. Presale tickets for Parklife 2023 go on sale today, Thursday, February 2, 2023, at 10am. This has been described as a "limited presale" that will be granted to attendees who have pre-registered for the festival. After that, general onsale tickets will hit Ticketmaster tomorrow, Friday, February 3, 2023, at 10am. There are a collection of ticket options available for Parklife 2023, including a mix of day tickets and weekend tickets, all of which are readily available as soon as presale and general onsale begins. Scroll down for the full Parklife 2023 line-up. There are also a number of travel pass options to help fans get to the festival safely, quickly and securely. On top of that, Parklife 2023 is offering a number of car park passes for attendees who are looking to drive to the festival themselves. The 1975 will be hitting the main stage, but there are a massive amount of acts and artists already confirmed for the festival - with many more to be announced. Skrillex will be returning to the UK yet again, and so too will Becky Hill, DJ EZ, Sub Focus and Gorgon City to name but a few. Heaton Park has an enormous estimated 50,000 capacity, so there will be plenty of tickets for fans who are keen to see these incredible acts live. Scroll down for the full Parklife 2023 line-up. The 1975 Aitch (UK festival headline exclusive) Fred Again The Prodigy Little Simz Wu Tang Clan + Nas: NY State of Mind (festival exclusive) Skrillex NxWorries - Anderson Paak and Knxwledge Becky Hill Raye Peggy Gou Slowthai Rudimental (live) Patrick Topping Self Esteem Carl Cox Confidence Man Flo Overmono Mimi Webb Jon Hopkins Andy C The Blessed Madonna Annie Mac Eliza Rose LF System NIA Archives Fisher Knucks Michael Bibi B2B Jamie Jones (exclusive) Honey Dijon Mall Grab Shygirl JPEGMafia Mike Skinner Meekz DJ EZ Sub Focus Skream TSHA Joseph Capriati JYOTY Solardo Charlotte De Witte Wilkinson SHY FX Joesef Gorgon City Sonny Fodera Hybrid Minds