Digital humans could replace jobs over the next few years as "most" companies are set to use artificial intelligence for various job roles instead of humans, according to researchers from Indiana State University. A doctor from the group said "once hired" AI employees "never tire, never complain, and never seek a raise." The mysterious new technology has recently hit the mainstream with apps such as ChatGPT - but the impressive tool could also cause problems for the country's workforce in just a few years. Last month, Microsoft - amid laying off 10,000 people - announced a "multi-year, multi-billion-dollar investment" in artificial intelligence. But it's not just the tech sector at risk as experts warn the advanced technology will leave many workers in other job sectors vulnerable. Pengcheng Shi, an associate dean in the department of computing and information sciences at Rochester Institute of Technology, told New York Post: "AI is replacing the white-collar workers. I don’t think anyone can stop that. This is not crying wolf." Teachers, graphic designers, and those working in healthcare could be some of the workers to be replaced by "digital humans" over the next decade, experts warn. Chinmay Hegde, a computer science and electrical engineering associate professor at New York University, told the Post that certain jobs including "higher education", "graphic" and "software design" could be "at risk of being supplemented by AI". As it stands now, the new AI chatbot tool ChatGPT "can easily teach classes already", Mr Shi said. He added: "Although it has bugs and inaccuracies in terms of knowledge, this can be easily improved. Basically, you just need to train the ChatGPT." READ MORE: New scans could identify those at risk of heart attacks 'years' early Dr Seymour of Indiana State University said most jobs at risk of being made obsolete by AI are those that involved an element of emotional connection. He told news.com.au: "We respond to faces from the day we are born. We are programmed to respond, in particular, to our mother’s face. "[Digital humans] can replicate those emotional responses, and our brains find that incredibly pleasing. We find it natural. “There are a lot of areas where a digital human can effectively replace what’s called a co-pilot or coach – a kind of personal assistant that can be much more proactive at understanding what you want and need.” He said medical students could also be trained by hyper-realistic virtual instructors rather than learning via medical textbooks. Shoppers could also be able to use AI tools to view clothing on a virtual body, while also being advised by a digital human sales assistant. Dr Seymour said, despite its limitations, AI employees, are proving exceptionally attractive to employers and business owners as a way of cutting spending. He said: "They may not be as capable of versatile as human employees, but they have clear advantages when it comes to cost, customizability, and scalability. “Once ‘hired’, they never tire, never complain, never seek a raise, and always follow company policy.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews