Jeremy Vine has caused a social media storm after sharing a video of himself nearly ramming into a car in the cycle lane. The TV presenter posted the clip to Twitter today, alleging that the driver cut him off in his vehicle, as he turned into the cycle lane. His claim is that the driver indicated that he was turning “less than six yards” before doing so and “less than five seconds before I arrived.”  The Radio 2 and Channel 5 star suggested the driver take a “refresher driving course” denouncing him publicly, despite the motorist repeatedly apologising. This prompted backlash from social media users, who leapt to the driver’s defence. However others applauded Mr Vine for “educating” the motorist. The BBC personality was cycling down King Street in Hammersmith, when the near-miss took place. The motorist turned onto the cycle lane seconds prior to Mr Vine’s approach. The video the 57-year-old posted shows the driver indicating, but Mr Vine insists he did not do so in sufficient time. The journalist tweeted: “This just happened. He did say ‘sorry I didn’t see you.’ An apology is always accepted. But this gent needs a refresher driving course.” According to the Highway Code, drivers are allowed to cross the solid white line of a cycle lane when turning left or accessing private property. However, motorists are required to give cyclists way when using the lane, meaning they should not make them stop or have to swerve, as Mr Vine had to. Despite many agreeing with Mr Vine, many Twitter users felt the BBC presenter was being "a bit harsh" in demanding the driver take a refresher course. "On this one I agree with you, terrible driving but glad you at least got an apology and you educated them," one user Tweeted. Another user, who goes by Renegade on Twitter, said: "I agree with most of your stuff, but disagree here. He’s well ahead, and you could easily have slowed to let him clear the turn, without any issue. He’s well ahead of you, even looking over his shoulder or his mirrors, you’d be well further back. You decided to continue on!" Mr Vine hit back, however, saying: "It's wide angle. I'm far closer than I appear to be. About 2 seconds. Not acceptable."  READ MORE: Putin may have sent UFO over US airspace, exploiting Chinese balloon 'blind spot'  Chris Thompson said: "You should be apologising to him!! he was indicating for ages before turning but you were riding like in tour de france sprint, your fault 100%." Once again Mr Vine refused to accept the criticism: "You understand he can't turn across a lane like that? You are a grave danger when you drive." Another user scolded Mr Vine, brother of comedian Tim Vine, saying: "He signalled and turned safely. Nothing was in his way. As he was turning while you were approaching, your best option was to slow down. "If you were driving a car, would you continue on at speed? No. You created a scene and you're in the wrong."  DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley's friend reveals significant text she received 'minutes before' vanishingDefiant mum refuses to pay £100 parking fine for 'simple error'Shamima Begum case could be decided by ECHR as lawyer slams UK  Mr Vine’s video has now been viewed more than 1.4 million times. He regularly posts videos of himself, using a 360 degree camera, cycling on London’s roads. On 14 Feb he posted a video of himself being blocked on the cycle lane by a Tesco truck. That video was viewed more than 33,000 times. Once again, Twitter users were not impressed. One user, Alisdair Hood, wrote: “How exactly do you expect lorrys to deliver goods then?” Mr Vine replied: “By not imperilling vulnerable road users. If necessary they can stop in the car lane.” Another wrote: “Get over it! Or maybe cyclists should start paying a road tax for dedicated cycle paths, and not an amalgamation of the roads!” 