Eamonn Holmes failed to answer his GB News co-host Saira Khan when she quizzed him on what he'd got Ruth Langsford for Valentine's Day. The duo took a moment out of Tuesday's show to chat about February 14, and whether they exchange cards and gifts with their partners. Saira explained her husband was away in France with their children but had left her a selection of gifts to celebrate the day. "Can I read this out quickly?" Saira said to Eamonn before adding: "So he's gone to France with the kids because it's half term. "And at three o'clock this morning he said, 'Happy Valentine's Day, the box that arrived for you has got a little present inside. There's also a cord from me and another small present in my bedside cabinet'. "I can't wait to see what it is. So what have you done for Ruth?" READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star Eamonn paused before finally telling Saira: "It's not me I am romantic, it's her who is not romantic." "It takes two to tango," the former Loose Women star laughed. "I've got lots of other cards from lots of other people," Eamonn proceeded to say. "Have you? From who?" Saira quizzed before Eamonn replied: "It's a mystery, I don't know." Saira went on: "Do you remember that time when you were young and used to go to your locker and go, 'Have I got a Valentine's Card?' "I've only got one from my husband actually nobody else." Eamonn joked his mystery Valentine's cards were from his colleagues at GB News. The 63-year-old and his Loose Women star wife often publicly discuss their marriage. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [VIDEO]Vera viewers distracted as they slam 'all over the place' accents [REACTION]Unforgotten season 5 sees Nicola Walker's replacement take over [INSIGHT] In a recent episode of Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel, the former This Morning presenter shared another cheeky admission about Ruth. While chatting to Isabel Webster, Eamonn explained that he and Ruth let their pet dog Maggie sleep in the bed with them. This horrified Isabel as she asked: "Do you ever think this is quite disgusting and hygienic and disturbing your sleep pattern?" Shutting his co-host down, Eamonn said: "No, she sleeps down by my feet and Ruth's feet."   "Ruth's feet are very big so they take up a lot of the bed," Eamonn joked. "But the doggy is down there and the only thing I am ever aware of is when I turn on my side and roll my leg over. "Sometimes I put my leg on top of her and she doesn't really move." Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News. 