A convicted paedophile died after downing cloudy liquid in a water bottle during his trial hearing last year. The liquid has been identified as sodium nitrite, according to the local medical examiner's office, and his death was ruled as suicide. Edward Leclair, 57, was on trial in Denton, Texas, in August facing charges of five counts of sexual abuse. He was found guilty. When the guilty verdict was read out, Leclair started drinking the lethal dose of sodium nitrite and continued drinking as further counts were read out by the judge. After the hearing, he collapsed in his cell and later died from the toxic effects of the substance, the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's office told the Daily Mail on Tuesday. Following the incident, Jamie Beck, a Denton County Assistant District Attorney, told CNN that an investigator saw Leclair drink the cloudy liquid from a water bottle.   He told WFAA while it was strange, those in the courtroom thought it was a way of him dealing with the verdict. It is not known where the former corporate recruiter got the sodium nitrite from but prosecutors believe Leclair slipped the chemicals into the water while the jury deliberated for about three hours. However, he was caught on surveillance footage buying a water bottle from a vending machine outside of the courtroom on the morning of the trial, the New York Times reported. Leclair was found in his holding cell following his sentencing hearing. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley searchers told to stop 'breaking into empty properties' Mike Howard, Leclair's defence lawyer, said: "Shortly after entering the holdover cell, he started vomiting, and emergency services were called." He was rushed to hospital where he was pronounced dead. While speaking with The Time, Howard said when Leclair realised he could be facing up to 100 years in prison, “he made the decision to do what he did at the last moment.” He added: "Had he waited another 30 seconds, he would have been in sheriff’s custody and not had access to that bottled water. He wouldn’t have been able to. So, you know, I think he knew.”  Sodium nitrite is used to preserve food, particularly meat products, but can be harmful if ingested in large quantities. Sodium nitrite ingestion generates methemoglobinemia — a blood disorder in which too little oxygen is delivered to the cells — which can quickly lead to hypoxia and sometimes death, according to the National Library of Medicine. It has been linked to other suicide deaths including actress Lindsey Pearlman, 43, last year and child actor Matthew Mindler in 2021, who purchased a $15 bottle of the substance on Amazon. In October, the families of two teenagers who committed suicide filed a lawsuit against Amazon accusing the online giant of selling what they called “suicide kits” to teens including sodium nitrite. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch.