A video has emerged showing university student Madison Brooks in the car where she was allegedly raped shortly before she was fatally struck by a rideshare driver. Brooks is seen slurring as she engages in what appears to be an argument with those in the vehicle. Kaivon Washington, 18, and a 17-year-old are accused of attacking Ms Brooks on the backseat after they picked up the intoxicated university student at a bar in the US city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Two other men remained in the front seats of the vehicle while "sex acts were being performed" on Ms Brooks, investigators believe. The footage, taken by one of the defendants, was released by their attorney to WBRZ last week. “I’m sorry that I offended you that bad,” Ms Brooks says from the middle seat in the back of the car. “Take her home,” one of the men off-camera then tells the others. “Get out, get out. I will Uber on my own,” she says to the man sitting next to her, who steps out of the car so she could exit. READ MORE: Video shows girl, 19, leaving bar with young men accused of raping her before her death "I’m sorry that your feelings got hurt,” Ms Brooks also says in the short clip. The defence attorneys are claiming the video exonerates their clients. They argue Ms Brooks had consensual sex with two of the men and was not raped. Prosecutors say that Ms Brooks was too drunk to be able to give her consent. DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation' [REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] Toxicology reports showed that Ms Brooks had a blood alcohol level of .319, nearly four times the legal drink driving limit. The family have since hit out at the decision to release the video. Kerry Miller, representing Ms Brooks' mom, Ashley Baustert, called the video "hurtful and shameful", and said every time the defence leaks another short clip, it "cuts like a knife" into his client. "It's one thing to defend your clients. It's another to try the case in the media," Ms Miller said. "It shows a level of desperation." In late January, a four-second video was released to local news outlet WAFB 9, which appeared to show Ms Brooks running to keep up with her alleged attackers as they were leaving Reggie's bar in Baton Rouge. The video cuts out just before the group reach their car. The latest video release comes after a grand jury upgraded charges against the 17-year-old to a charge of first-degree rape, which carries a sentence of life in prison without parole. Washington, 18, was charged with third-degree rape, which according to state law is sexual intercourse that “is deemed to be without the lawful consent of a victim”. Two other suspects, Casen Carver, 18, and Everett Lee, 28, were allegedly in the front seats of the car when the alleged rape took place and have been charged with principal to third-degree rape. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews