Ronnie O'Sullivan has questioned whether Shaun Murphy lacks a "killer instinct" after he was defeated by Robert Milkins in this year's Welsh Open final. Murphy is one of just eleven players to have completed snooker's triple crown, having won the World Championship, Masters and UK Championship. However, Murphy has not won a ranking event since the 2020 Welsh Open final and has now lost eight of his last ten finals. And after he was beaten 9-7 by Milkins, O'Sullivan claimed Murphy's record of nine ranking title wins is "not a great return for the type of game he plays. Speaking on Eurosport, O'Sullivan said: "He doesn't win enough tournaments for me, with his game. "I don't know what it is, whether it's a lack of killer instinct or something. Sometimes you've got to be a bit nasty on the table and he doesn't look like he's had it. JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan gives himself a 9.5 out of 10 despite whitewash "He's won the big tournaments, the Masters, the Worlds, nine ranking events, but that’s not a great return for the type of game he plays." Reflecting on his defeat to Milkins, Murphy said: "I made far too many unforced errors. "I couldn't have tried any harder. All credit to Rob, he was by far the better player. He fully deserved the victory." Milkins, meanwhile, was delighted after his victory having banked £80,000 for winning the Welsh Open and an addition £150,000 for topping the BetVictor Series rankings. DON'T MISSO'Sullivan in strange Welsh Open incident which wasn't 'fair' on fansRonnie O'Sullivan claim made as Jack Lisowski urges action from bossesO'Sullivan controversies - Rule breaches, assault and Hearn seething "I can't even speak," Milkins said after his victory. "It's unreal, really. All through the day, I was sort of struggling a bit. Same as Shaun. We were both struggling and obviously, I have a lot of reasons to struggle – it's a lot of money for me, that is! "I just tried not to think about it. To be fair, I played alright in the evening but to start off with today, it was really hard work, and if Shaun would have been pretty much at 20% of his game, I'm sure he would have taken a lead going into tonight."