It came after a flurry of reaction from ITV viewers swept Twitter over an interaction between Bradley Walsh and contestant Davinder, which left the host cracking up. The Chase presenter Bradley Walsh had asked the player a question about the cereal Sugar Puffs, but his answer caused the 62-year-old to throw his head back as he chuckled aloud. Fans branded the response "the best answer ever" as they were left distracted by the funny scene. As Davinder faced his cash builder round, his final question saw him blurting out a hilarious answer. Thankfully, he had already won a respectable £5,000, and as time began to run out, Bradley asked: "What did Sugar Puffs change their name to in 2014?" "The Sugarbabes," a flustered Davinder replied, referencing the popular girl band. As the audience laughed, Bradley cackled as he repeated: "The Sugarbabes..." READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall For a few moments, Bradley stood laughing on the spot as he lifted his head up, unable to speak. "Close, Honey Monster Puffs," he eventually remarked after composing himself. "Okay," Davinder commented, also laughing at the incorrect answer. "Hey, Davinder, that's not bad mate," Bradey assured the contestant. "How many do you reckon?" "Four, five," Davinder shrugged as Bradley confirmed: "Five, it's a good start, mate." The episode saw players Davinder, Katie, Sinead, and Sam taking on chaser Paul 'The Sinnerman' Sinha. The final round saw just three players facing Paul one last time because Katie was unfortunately caught during her round. Despite a strong attempt, Paul managed to catch up with the contestants during the final chase. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Luba Mushtuk details feeling 'proud' of former co-star [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders' Zack Hudson and Whitney Dean united in baby tragedy [SPOILER]ITV classic You've Been Framed 'axed' after more than three decades [LATEST] "We needed Kaite," Bradley remarked as the game came to an end. "And that's the way it is," he added as the players lost their chance to split £13,000 between them. Viewers tuned into the gameshow recounted the moment on social media, sharing a laugh over it, Twitter user @Fauldzy wrote: "Sugar babes though! No this was NOT the name change Sugar Puffs went for... #TheChase," along with laughing emojis. @Davehaymot remarked:" Best answer ever on #TheChase What did Sugar Puffs changes its name to? Answer Sugar Babes ...apparently it was Honey Monsters." @JFitzy26 penned: "Fella on #TheChase thought that Sugar Puffs changed their name to Sugababes." @Bradley_Cates_ posted: "'What did Sugar Puffs change their name to in 2014?' 'Sugababes.' Should have let him have the extra grand. #TheChase." @philwithy69 echoed this, recalling the conversation with a number of laughing emojis. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.