Manchester United insiders believe the club are now facing 'the worst possible outcome' with Mason Greenwood after the Crown Prosecution Service confirmed that no further action would be taken against the England international following his arrest in January 2022. The 21-year-old was initially charged with attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault occasioning actual bodily harm. Yet all charges were dropped on Thursday by the CPS after key witnesses withdrew their involvement in the case. A spokesperson said: "We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. "In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. We have explained our decision to all parties. "We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met." According to a report from The Mail, club sources had expressed to the newspaper during the legal process in the last 12 months that 'the worst possible outcome would be for the charges to be dropped or alternatively, for Greenwood to be found not guilty' in court. READ MORE: Man Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before dramatic turnaround That's because United will now have to make the decision themselves as they ponder whether or not Greenwood can make a return to the club's first-team. Although the United academy graduate is no longer facing any charges, his stock plummeted due to the nature of the allegations that were against his name. Last year, all Greenwood merchandise was removed from the United club store, he was taken off the video game FIFA 22 and Cadbury - an official sponsor of United - cut ties with the player, as did Nike. United have now confirmed they will be launching their own internal investigation to determine whether Greenwood can remain with the club moving forward. DON'T MISSChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer A club statement read: "Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. "The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete." The 21-year-old also issued his own statement, thanking his family and friends for their support throughout the ordeal. He said: "I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. "There will be no further comment at this time." Greenwood was suspended almost instantly 12 months ago when the allegations first came to light. He has not trained with the club since and will continue to remain away from Carrington as United conduct a formal process before deciding how to