Mayra Wendolyne is a viral TikTok cook who describes herself as a “low carb and keto recipe developer and mama”. Mayra uses her TikTok account @lowcarblove to showcase her best food tips and tricks to over one million followers, and has one great hack to get perfectly crispy bacon in your microwave. Mayra begins her video by showing herself biting into a strip of crispy bacon which makes the perfect crunching sound as she bites into it. She says her top tip is to cook your bacon in a microwave, and she has a method for getting it crispy. The cook’s bacon of choice is unsmoked bacon, and the home chef's secret weapon to get it nice and crisp is paper towels. The towels absorb the moisture, making the bacon extra crunchy. Mayra layers her bacon rasher between two kitchen paper towels in the microwave. She said: “Place four [bacon] strips on a paper towel, cover and microwave for three minutes.” READ MORE: 'Change your toast game' with Gordon Ramsay bacon recipe    Mayra then took the bacon out of the microwave and checked it, and said her bacon “still needed a little more time.” She recommended changing the paper towels on the bacon and she then placed the bacon again in the microwave for one more minute. The result was four rashers of crisp and delicious bacon. Mayra explained how the trick worked and said: “The paper towels help absorb all the fat, and you end up with super crispy bacon.” In the comment section, people said microwaving your bacon was the “only right way to do it” as it gives the perfect crisp. One person wrote: “Ever since you mentioned this I never went back to cooking on the stove - it comes out perfect every time!” DON'T MISS:'Perfectly crispy' air fryer bacon recipe [REVEAL]Mum's cooking technique for perfect 'crispy' bacon  [REPORT]Bacon cooking method so 'the fat is perfectly nice and crispy' [INSIGHT] Another person said: “Been doing this for over 20 years but put it on a plate so there’s no grease on the bottom of the microwave.” Another TikTok user wrote: “My nana did this for me when I was a child and her bacon was always so nice.” Some people in the comments were skeptical about using a microwave, but Mayra has another device to try out if you wish to make perfectly crispy bacon. In another video, she said: “Here is a new way to use your mini waffle maker. Crispy bacon in five minutes or less.” Mayra first began the video by folding her bacon twice and then placing it onto her min waffle maker. She said: “We’re going to get some use out of this little bad boy.” The waffle maker left the bacon golden and crispy., after which Mayra placed the bacon on a plate to cool down, which she promised will get the bacon to crisp up. After waiting a few minutes, the bacon was done. The TikTok cook then made a delicious-looking BLT sandwich and bit into it, and told followers the bacon had an incredible crunch. People in the comments were excited to try out the hack, as one person wrote: “Okay, that is the final straw, I am now buying a waffle maker!” Someone else wrote: “This is a great idea! I got a waffle maker as a gift and now I am going to try this.” Another commentator said: “Looks delish! Just ordered one of these from Amazon.”