Tottenham could make a move for Atletico Madrid duo Jan Oblak and Yannick Carrasco in the summer, according to reports. Both players have previously been linked with a move to Manchester United. Spurs and Atletico have a good relationship when it comes to transfers. Last week, Tottenham ripped up the contract of Matt Doherty to facilitate the Irishman's move to the Wanda Metropolitano. Atletico also signed Sergio Reguilon on loan from Spurs last summer. Going back even further, the La Liga giants bought Kieran Trippier in July 2019. Spanish outlet Marca claims Tottenham have 'favours' they have done Atletico which they could now cash in on. And that could see them pursue both Oblak and Carrasco. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack striker  Oblak is a long-serving member of Diego Simeone's squad. However, Spurs are in the market for a replacement for Hugo Lloris, who has seen a dramatic dip in form this season. A number of goalkeepers have been rumoured to be targets for Spurs, including England No 1 Jordan Pickford and Brentford's David Raya. But Oblak is widely regarded as one of the top goalkeepers in Europe and has previously caught the eye of United. Carrasco, meanwhile, has long been linked with a move to the Premier League. United were offered the chance to sign the Belgian late in the January transfer window but rejected the opportunity. Tottenham have shown an interest in the player in previous windows. He will have just one year remaining on his contract at Atletico come the summer. DON'T MISSWorld's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combinedChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allArsenal urged to back Arteta with three summer transfers including Rice Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here   Carrasco turns 30 in September but Spurs head coach Antonio Conte has shown willingness to sign players in that age bracket. He brought in Ivan Perisic on a free transfer from Inter Milan when he was 33. Carrasco had a spell at Atletico between 2015 and 2018 after joining from Monaco. He left for the Chinese Super League before returning to Madrid, initially on loan, in 2020. Team-mate Oblak turned 30 last month and has been at Atletico since 2014. The performances of Lloris of late have been a concern to Conte and Spurs supporters, leading to speculation over his future. Lloris' contract at Tottenham does not expire until 2024. However, the arrival of Oblak would likely see the former France international look for an opportunity elsewhere.  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!