Jennifer Valentyne is a viral TikToker who describes herself as a “Mum who loves cooking.” Jennifer uses her TikTok account @jennifervalentyne to show her best tips and tricks when it comes to food and has one great hack on how to get perfectly crispy bacon for a weekend morning. Jennifer put her bacon into a frying pan and explained her simple advice was to add water while the bacon was cooking. She explained that she did this to “make the bacon crisper” and it also prevented the bacon grease from slattering while it was frying. While pouring in the water, Jennifer said that the trick was to add “just enough” in order to cover the pan of bacon. After the bacon was golden and cooked, Jennifer lifted up a strip with her spatula to show the sizzling bacon, showing that her trick worked. She said: Now that’s crispy bacon!” The social media cook also had one more idea to ensure you have a stress-free time while cleaning up your weekend fry-up. Jennifer explained her trick for getting rid of bacon grease, as it should not be poured down a drain as it clogs up sewers, which can lead to back-ups and flooding.   READ MORE: 'Perfectly crispy' air fryer bacon recipe  She said: “Here is my way of getting rid of hot bacon grease. Take a piece of tin foil and fit it into your drain.” Jennifer put the foil in her sink drain and then poured in the grease from the frying pan. She showed that once you leave it alone to cool, the bacon grease will harden into a fat, making it easy to throw in the bin and dispose of. Jennifer said: “Now it is easy to toss!” Jennifer’s top bacon tricks have almost four million views on Tiktok as many people have found her advice helpful and said her bacon looked delicious. One person said: “Now that bacon looks the business!” while someone else wrote: “Thank you, I tried this and it turned out great!” Someone else said: “This is a great idea if you do not have an airfryer, I’m trying this tomorrow!” Another enthusiastic user commented: “You really make a great breakfast, I think I’m in love.” DON'T MISS:Nearly half of Brits say brunch is their favourite meal of the day [REVEAL]Bacon cooking method so 'the fat is perfectly nice and crispy' [REPORT]Nation's favourite foods may raise type 2 diabetes risk by over 50% [INSIGHT] Roice Bethel, a chef from the hit TikTok account @noflakeysalt has explained why putting water on your bacon works. Roice has almost a million followers on his account and has experience in explaining the best ways to improve your cooking skills. He said: "If you want perfectly crispy bacon you have to boil it, I know that sounds like it would not work, but it does. There is two parts to every strip of bacon, there is the muscle which is the dark part and the fat which is the white part. "Muscle cooks extremely quickly while fat takes a longer time to render out. When bacon goes into a cold pan, add just enough water to cover your bacon. "The water prevents the temperature from getting too high which gives the fat time to render out, so the meat and the fat finish cooking at the same time. Once the water completely evaporates the bacon will get nice and crispy. " Roice said that by using water, the meat will not be overburned and the fat will be "perfectly rendered" to make it crispy. He joked that his bacon is "cronchy" and has the perfect crunch. People in Roice's comment section were amazed by the crispy bacon results. One person said: "Oh my god! I tried it this morning and it was a game changer, thank you!" Someone else said: "Yes this made sense and appears to work well, thank you for the good idea." Another user wrote: "That bacon looks delicious, I am going to try it right now!" Roice also asked his fans what they preferred, crispy or chewy bacon, but said his own opinion was that "crispy is better". One amazed fan said: "This is how I have learned to cook my bacon, and it is so good. I hate chewing the fat, crispy bacon is the best!"