Based in Marylebone, The Landmark London is adjacent to Marylebone train station and a mere five minute walk from Baker Street tube station. It has been a hotel on my bucket list for several years and so I was super excited to stay there for the night, to try out the afternoon tea, the dinner as well as the breakfast. Upon arrival, I was greeted by Rupert who swiftly took my bags and showed me the way to the reception. The entranceway was grand with a marble flooring and a statement table with an array of orchids sitting on top. After checking in with the friendly staff at reception, I was shown to my suite by one of the staff members whilst my luggage was also making its way up to the first floor. The five star hotel has 300 rooms including 51 suites, based over six floors and there are four rooms to pick from including a superior room, a deluxe room, an executive room and an executive family room. The generous superior rooms boast a classic style mixed with contemporary, giving you a cosy but luxe experience. It has a queen size bed with an Italian marble bathroom along with some White Company toiletries. A deluxe room features a king size bed with a classic seating area along with a sleek marble bathroom, while the executive room boasts a sofa, desk and a generous seating area. All of the rooms vary in price and also vary depending on when visiting, but on average the superior room is available for £400 a night. In terms of suites, there are six available including the Marylebone family studio, the Marylebone suite, the atrium suite, the landmark suite, the great central suite and the presidential suite. I checked into the Marylebone suite which was extremely luxurious, featuring an elegant and huge bedroom area with frosted French doors separating it from the large cosy lounge. The room features gorgeous patterned carpet and cream wallpaper, along with a sofa, armchair and desk in the living room. It also had its own lobby area with a console table, perfect for storing shoes and suitcases. READ MORE: Cruise guest issues warning - ‘it’s not worth the risk’ Amenities included a Nespresso machine along with an array of coffees, teas and hot chocolates as well as two smart televisions which gave you information about the hotel, room service and the ability to watch YouTube or television. The king size bed was dressed with crisp white linen and four two comfortable pillows, and it was the comfiest bed I had ever slept in. In the gorgeous marble bathroom, there were two sinks, a walk-in shower as well as a deep bath, which was packed full of Molton Brown toiletries. A walk-in wardrobe could also be found inside the sink area of the bathroom with two white bathrobes to enjoy the complimentary access to the spa. The suite also offered room service, laundry service and a concierge service, which was all detailed in the information book on the desk. This room felt so cosy and homely and was extremely comfortable to stay in for the night due to its classic and elegant styling. It was spotless too, with not a single mark on the cream curtains or light blue carpet. What’s more, the suite looked over the central atrium where I could see the tall palm trees and greenhouse-like roof which let in lots of light. DON'T MISS:The best country to retire for British expats [EXPLAINER]Britain’s ‘answer to the Galapagos’ is ‘stress-free’ [INSIGHT]Expats explain how life in the USA is ‘odd’ [COMMENT] Again, prices vary on the Marylebone suite but it is one of the more luxurious rooms at the hotel, costing around £800 per night. While this may seem expensive, other London hotels such as The Ritz London can go for up to £2,000 a night while The Dorchester costs £1,900 a night on average for a suite. There are several dining options at The Landmark London and you don’t have to be a resident to visit them, unless it’s the weekend when certain rules apply, including resident only guests at the breakfast buffet. I’ve always wanted to try the afternoon tea at this hotel as it is located in the Winter Garden restaurant, located under the palm trees, giving you an al fresco dining experience, indoors. The Winter Garden is absolutely gorgeous, surrounded by houseplants, cosy lighting all set under a magnificent glass roofed atrium and the afternoon tea was something like I’ve never tried before. Due to visiting close to Valentine’s Day, the menu was based around the occasion. From delicious sandwiches including organic egg mayonnaise with black truffle and chives to coronation chicken on walnut bread. My waiter, Helmi, was absolutely amazing and catered to my dietary requirements by letting me choose the sandwiches which I liked the look of the most. I also found it unusual that the sandwiches were almost unlimited, with staff members carrying around trays of extra fresh sandwiches for the guests which is really rare. READ MORE: Vital hotel room toothbrush hack from flight attendant The scones melted in the mouth and you had the option of a variety of different jams which I’ve never seen before at afternoon teas. This included strawberry, raspberry, rhubarb redcurrant and vanilla, marmalade and apricot. The dessert options included a strawberry and white chocolate macaron, a raspberry and ginger jam tart, a salted pistachio choux pastry along with a mango and passionfruit tart, but these options do change depending on when you visit the restaurant. I’ve been to quite a few afternoon teas throughout the years, including a visit to The Ritz London, and I can confidently say that this topped them all, and I would highly recommend. Prices start at £65 per person, but do vary depending on if you have an alcoholic beverage or not. For dinner options, you can either eat in the Winter Garden restaurant or head downstairs to the Great Central Pub by Matt Fletcher which offered a more relaxed dining experience. There were a number of pub classics to pick from but I decided to go for the pan roasted chicken breast which came with creamed savoy cabbage, carrots and a bacon and mushroom sauce. The chicken melted in my mouth and the sauce was absolutely delicious. I also had a couple of cocktails from the menu which were divine, including an orange, pineapple and almond syrup beverage. Sides included hand cut chips with rosemary salt, buttered tenderstem broccoli and a chard with rocket and spinach salad. Pudding options included a classic Eton mess, chocolate nut sundae, lemon brulee tart and a British cheese board. This pub, which is open to the public, was extremely affordable considering the location of it. With a beef burger meal costing £15 and a pudding at £6, I will definitely be revisiting it. The hotel is also home to The Mirror Bar which operates on a walk-in policy basis and services a huge array of alcoholic drinks. Inside the bar was intimate, and it had various stylish seating areas which felt extremely luxe. The breakfast buffet was also amazing, with a trolley packed full of continental options as well as porridge, fresh fruit and toast. You could also get a freshly cooked breakfast too, including a traditional English dish or buttermilk pancakes. The yoghurts were so easy and the Danish pastries were so fresh and melted in the mouth. Overlooking the Winter Garden, the Garden Terrace is another gorgeous lounge area, ideal for a coffee, drink or a light meal. I went for a hot chocolate which was so creamy and thick, although for £7 a drink, I did expect it to be nice. Residents can also escape the busy London streets and retreat to the spa inside the hotel, where you can have a swim or indulge in a variety of body treatments. It features an array of facilities and treatments for relaxation, exercise and pure enjoyment. From facials to massages, the list of treatments is endless. However, the treatments were extremely pricey, with a 50 minute aromatic massage available for £115 which I did think was quite expensive but located in London, I’m sure there are pricier places. There is a hair and beauty salon open to guests and non residents too, offering colour treatments, blow drys and haircuts as well as nail treatments. I absolutely loved this night away and the hotel staff were extremely friendly and accommodating, which often makes the stay much more enjoyable. Everything about the stay was exquisite, from the afternoon tea to the room to the breakfast buffet. The rooms are expensive, but for London and the quality stay you’re getting, I think it’s extremely worth it if you fancy a treat. Many of the residents staying there had been gifted the stay from family members which they absolutely loved.