Fans of the BBC soap will likely be aware Lily's (played by Lillia Turner) dad Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott) is going to return to the scene after finding out the shocking news about his 12-year-old daughter. When the EastEnders comeback happens, the Slaters are divided because Ryan hasn't been around for most of Lily's life. However, as conflicts arise, Lily makes a life-changing decision - will she decide to leave Walford and get to know her dad properly? In upcoming scenes of the BBC soap, half term is in full swing. Lily and her aunt, Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) spend some quality time together on the stall. Later, the schoolgirl starts to question Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) about her father, Ryan. Incensed that Whitney has influenced Lily’s questioning, Stacey and Whitney argue. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Frustrated, Whitney promises to let Stacey tell Ryan the truth when she’s ready. The pregnant woman becomes emotional when her test results for her baby are delayed for a further two weeks, and decides to finally confide in Ryan after some persuasion from Zack Hudson (James Farrar). Whilst on the phone, her emotions get the better of her and she reveals that Lily is also pregnant. Elsewhere, a stressed Stacey injures her back so Freddie Slater (Bobby Brazier) offers to step in to help with the bap van and is an instant success with the customers. Wracked with guilt, Whitney heads over to the Slater household to tell Stacey she has told Ryan the truth. Before she has time to reveal all though, Stacey receives an unsettling phone call from Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace). She explains that Stacey's van has been broken into. Things go from bad to worse when Ryan soon turns up on the Square. Later, as a shocked Stacey hears him out in the café, a sheepish Lily arrives to see her dad. DON'T MISS... Casualty welcomes former EastEnders favourite as controversial doctor [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge labels task 'not even funny' [VIDEO]Eva Green stars in Apple series after giving evidence in film dispute [LATEST] She enjoys spending some time with Ryan, who offers to help them financially. Later at The Vic, Ryan exchanges some harsh words with Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) and Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf). Sam, Ricky Mitchell (Frankie Day), and Ryan arrive to support Lily at her first scan, which angers Stacey. Before the scan, Ryan drops a bombshell - what could his news be? During the scan, Lily and Ricky are overjoyed at seeing their baby for the first time. However, Stacey and Ryan are soon asked to leave after exchanging some harsh words with each other. At home, Lily is upset with Stacey for her behaviour towards Ryan, and Stacey reminds Lily that Martin Fowler (James Bye) is her dad and the one who has always come through for her. Feeling like a burden to Stacey, and conflicted by her family’s money issues, Lily makes a big decision. It's possible Lily has decided she would like to get away from Walford and live with her dad. Perhaps the argument during the scan came when Ryan made the suggestion, and Lily gets her heart set on the idea. Will Lily be leaving the Square to move in with her estranged dad? EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.