Ozzy Osbourne won big at the 2023 Grammy Awards overnight. The British rocker was nominated for some rock and metal awards throughout the night but came away with arguably the two biggest gongs of his genre. He won awards for Best Rock Album and Best Metal Performance for his new record, and he was no doubt ecstatic about the result. Ozzy recently released his 13th studio album, Patient Number 9, on September 9, 2022, to critical acclaim. It received a number of four and five star reviews, and hit number one on the UK's rock and metal albums chart. The star previously released the title track from the album as a lead single, which also debuted at number one on Billboard's Hot Hard Rock Songs Chart. At the Grammys, the Patient Number 9 album won the Best Rock Album category, beating the likes of the Black Keys, Elvis Costello, Machine Gun Kelly and Idles. Ozzy's single, Degradation Rules, also won the Grammy for Best Metal Performance, beating the likes of Megadeth, Muse, Ghost and Turnstile. On the track he teamed up with his Black Sabbath cohort Tony Iommi to bring the track to life. Unfortunately, Ozzy couldn't be a part of the celebration. Ozzy recently announced his spinal injuries had worsened, and as a result he did not hit the stage of the Grammys to accept his two awards. Instead, rock producer Andrew Watt and Metallica's bassist Rob Trijulo got on stage to accept the Prince of Darkness' award. Watt revealed he had a message from the Birmingham local: "I talked to Ozzy on the ride over and he had two messages for the people." Listing them off, he said: "I love you all, and f**k off!" DON'T MISS...Grammys 2023 winners - Full list of award-winning stars and artists [FULL LIST]Sharon Osbourne has fans in tears with celebrity tribute to Ozzy [NEWS]Ozzy Osbourne in first interview after health forced him to cancel gig [INTERVIEW] These two Grammys will no doubt come as a great boon to Ozzy, who has had a tough year already. Back on February 1, he announced that he would be forced to cancel all of his upcoming tour dates due to his aforementioned spinal injury. He told his fans on Twitter: "This is probably one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to share with my loyal fans. As you may all know, four years ago, this month, I had a major accident, where I damaged my spine. My one and only purpose during this time has been to get back on stage. My singing voice is fine. However, after three operations, stem cell treatments, endless physical therapy sessions, and most recently groundbreaking Cybernics (HAL) Treatment, my body is still physically weak." Ozzy added that he was "humbled" by the way his fans have patiently held onto their tickets in the hopes he would return to the stage soon. "But in all good conscience," he said. "I have now come to the realisation that I’m not physically capable of doing my upcoming European/UK tour dates, as I know I couldn’t deal with the travel required. Believe me when I say that the thought of disappointing my fans really F**KS ME UP, more than you will ever know." He went on to add: "I want to thank my family…… my band… my crew…… my longtime friends, @JudasPriest, and of course, my fans for their endless dedication, loyalty, and support, and for giving me the life that I never ever dreamed I would have. I love you all." (sic) Shortly after this announcement, Ozzy spoke out about leaving the tour unfinished in a new interview. Ozzy said: "My fans - that's the thing that I really miss about not doing gigs. I'm a hands-on guy. I like talking to my fans. I miss them terribly. My goal is to get back on stage as soon as possible." SOURCE