Call the Midwife continues on BBC One and Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) is looking after a young mother who is at risk of losing her newborn baby. The nurse and midwife has been through a lot recently after she found Matthew Aylward's (Olly Rix) father dead. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actress and her height. Trixie is back at Nonnatus House after a short break looking after her sick relative in another part of the world. Since her return, she got engaged to Matthew and the pair have been planning their big day whilst trying to stay on top of work. The nurse has proven herself once again to be a huge asset on the team as she has stepped in when she is needed most. Helen George has played the role since 2012 and she has become a fan-favourite, with viewers keen to find out more about her. READ MORE: POLL: Should Happy Valley continue for a fourth series? In terms of her height, the star is 1.7 metres tall, which is equivalent to 5ft 7 inches. She is one of the taller members of the cast, with Shelagh Turner actress Laura Main standing at 1.57 metres. The star is roughly the same height as Sister Julienne actress Jenny Agutter, who is just over 5ft 6 inches. Helen, 38, has two daughters, Wren and Lark, with her partner Jack Ashton. One of the star's last photographs was from the November 2022 TV Choice Awards. The actress opted to wear a black lace dress with diamante detailing which showed off her slender figure. She wore subtle makeup and her blonde hair fell naturally over her shoulders. She accentuated her height with some black heels with diamante detail. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife fans concerned over future of series [DISCUSSION] Call The Midwife fans fear Cyril Robinson’s safety following stabbing [INSIGHT] Call the Midwife’s Jenny Agutter wows in snaps from over 50 years ago [PHOTOS] The star opened up about the latest season of Call the Midwife and what it has done to her confidence. She added to the Daily Mail: "It's really nice to see Trixie happy, to see her thriving and stepping up to challenges and not leaning on alcohol anymore. "I'm really loving that the audience are enjoying Trixie enjoying herself for once because she's had quite a lot of tears." Viewers were worried she may not have such a prominent role in future seasons as she signs up for other jobs. She is taking part in a touring production of the classic Rodgers and Hammerstein musical The King And I. One viewer said on Twitter: "I think if Trixie is in the next series, it will be in a reduced role. "The King and I tour is quite long and runs into when the show's usually filmed." For now, not much is known about how heavily involved she will be.  Call the Midwife airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm.