In many cases, foxes come and go as they please and will cause no damage to gardens. However, in some gardens, they can eat ripening fruits, dig holes as well as trample on plants. A fox may dig up newly planted shrubs, especially where bonemeal, dried blood or chicken pellet manure has been used as they are attracted to the scent. Experts at The Expert Gate Company explained: “The best way to protect your garden from foxes is to block access to your property. This can be done by installing fencing and a driveway gate, as well as checking for gaps or holes in the border of your property. “Your property doesn’t need to be a fortress, but having boundaries to protect access to your garden will help to keep foxes out. “Foxes are able to jump fairly high, so if you really want to keep foxes out of your garden, it’s a safe bet to invest in tall fences and gates. This can also help to keep cats and other animals out of your garden.” Foxes are attracted to overgrown areas of the garden as they can provide shelter where they will often go unnoticed from homeowners and other animals. READ MORE: ‘Holy grail’ product to ‘restore’ white bedding for 29p This means a tidy garden which is nearly trimmed back with the lawn cut will be less appealing for foxes looking to eat their next meal in private. The experts added: “Try to keep grass short and hedges neat, as this will mean less places for a fox to hide out in your garden. However, try not to disturb other animals who may be resting there, such as hedgehogs.” The pros continued: “Foxes have a very strong sense of smell and will be attracted to your garden by the smell of food or crops. In the same way that certain scents may attract foxes, they can also be used to deter them. “Commercial fox repellents are a simple solution, but caution should be exercised when reading the instructions, and you should try not to harm other wildlife. DON'T MISS:Five leftover foods you can grow for ‘free’ this spring [COMMENT]Method to prevent slugs eating young plants this spring [INSIGHT]‘Go-to’ method to make bathroom tap limescale ‘disappear overnight’ [EXPLAINER] “A homemade fox repellent is to infuse boiling water with chilli peppers and garlic. Spray this mixture around your garden, and foxes will be less likely to pay you a visit.” Foxes will enter gardens looking for food, and if they find it, they will keep returning. This means it’s important to keep any potential food sources away from the garden and out of reach from foxes. The experts noted: “This could be animals, such as chickens and rabbits, bird food, or fruit and vegetables growing in your garden. Be sure to keep outdoor animals in secure enclosures that stop your pets from escaping and prevent foxes from getting in.” Also, place bird feed in a high place that foxes won’t be able to reach, and create secure borders around any crops you’re growing in the garden. READ MORE: Five pruning ‘mistakes’ to avoid making - ‘ultimate bad move’ According to the pros, foxes love to rummage through bins, searching for any leftovers which may have been put in there. However, Britons should prevent them from being able to rummage by not leaving rubbish bags out in the open, and picking up any waste on their property. The experts added: “Keep any rubbish in large containers, such as your waste and recycling bins, and keep these lids closed. “If foxes are still managing to get into your rubbish, consider tying the lids shut so that they can’t be accessed by wild animals. If the bin is too difficult to get into, a fox will most likely give up and look elsewhere.” Foxes tend to visit during the night so it can be difficult to scare them away yourself. This means getting hold of some motion sensors can be a helpful way of getting rid of the animals in the garden. The pros continued: “Foxes don’t like to be disturbed, so sudden noises or lights will cause them to leave. “Motion sensor lights are good for startling foxes, but make sure that they don’t disturb people sleeping in your home or surrounding houses. “Another option is motion sensor sprinklers, which use sudden spurts of water to startle foxes and deter them away from your garden.”