Police have sealed off several roads near to where 45-year-old Nicola Bulley went missing on January 27. The Mirror reports that a photographer at the scene said "it all happened so fast" on Sunday afternoon. Police are searching the area following a tip-off from two members of the public. Shortly after Lancashire police confirmed a body had been found. In a statement they confirmed they were called shortly after 11.30am on Sunday and an underwater search team recovered a body.  Divers were also seen searching the river less than a mile from where Ms Bulley disappeared. Senior investigating officer Rebecca Smith was also spotted at the scene. A police helicopter circled the area before police drones were released. Pictures taken from the scene appear to show members of the public speaking to police directing them towards the river. Crime scene investigators were also spotted. It comes as the search for the missing mum enters its fourth week. Police previously said they were working on the hypothesis that Ms Bulley had fallen into the river after her dog Willow alone and her phone found on a bench, still connected to a work call. It comes as the search for the missing mum enters its fourth week. Police previously said they were working on the hypothesis that Ms Bulley had fallen into the river after her dog Willow alone and her phone found on a bench, still connected to a work call.  In a press conference earlier this week Lancashire Police revealed Ms Bulley was classed as a "high-risk" missing person immediately after her partner reported her disappearance "based on a number of specific vulnerabilities". They later added in a statement that she had been struggling with alcohol issues and the menopause, and had stopped taking HRT medication. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley could have gone 'off-grid', says missing persons expert  Several divers have been pictured at the scene after police stopped cars and walkers from going near the scene. Sky News reported that the helicopter at the scene had been repleaced by a drone and confirmed that the senior investigating officer on the case had been at the scene. Police are understood to have sealed off a nearby road after receiving a call at about 11.50am.  On Sunday, Commons leader Penny Mordaunt described the disclosure of private information as "shocking". Home Secretary Suella Braverman has contacted police leaders about the investigation as the Prime Minister said he too was "concerned" by the revelation. Appearing on the BBC's Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg programme, Ms Mordaunt described the ordeal as "horrific" for the family, saying: "It's quite shocking. And I think that both the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary are right to raise concerns about this." In a statement Ms Bulley's family said rumours had meant "public focus has become distracted from finding Nikki,". Calling for a stop to speculation they said: " "Although we know that Nikki would not have wanted this, there are people out there speculating and threatening to sell stories about her.  This is appalling and needs to stop. "The police know the truth about Nikki and now the public need to focus on finding her." Appealing for her to come home they added: ""Nikki is such a wonderful daughter, sister , partner and mother and is missed dearly - we all need you back in our lives. "Nikki, we hope you are reading this and know that we love you so much and your girls want a cuddle. We all need you home. You can reach out to us, or you can contact MissingPeople.org.uk.  Don’t be scared, we all love you so very much."  Speaking on the hypothesis Ms Bulley could have fallen into the river superintendent Sally Riley said it was "possible" that an "issue" with Ms Bulley's dog may have led her to the water's edge but admitted today that she "could have left the area with someone". However, her dog Willow appeared “bone dry” when she was spotted close to where Nicola went missing, indicating that she had not been in the river. Express.co.uk has contacted Lancashire Police for details.