Alison Hammond, 48, recalled a deeply embarrassing alcohol-fuelled interview during which she thought her content would be unusable. However, the This Morning star was delighted to see afterwards that her content with Harrison Ford, 80, and Ryan Gosling, 42, had gone viral. "While the interview was happening, it was a bit cringe," she candidly admitted in a new interview. "I thought, 'Oh my God, I’m not getting any content for this movie whatsoever,'" she shuddered in memory of the moment. "We [were] just messing around, laughing, drinking whisky. This is not going to be good.” However, the shocked TV host then discovered that it had unexpectedly become a hit. READ NOW: Blake Lively wows with post-baby body as she welcomes fourth child "It went viral. It was one of those moments that you’ll never recreate again. It’ll just sit in time," she told the Radio Times proudly. During the interview, Alison reminisced over her journey to fame and how far she'd come since her earliest career days, when she worked in a cinema as an usher. The besotted employee was ecstatic when the 2001 movie Vanilla Sky was released, starring Tom Cruise. "I was obsessed... I used to watch it every day," she chuckled, little knowing at the time that one day she would be speaking to him in person. "When I actually got to interview Tom Cruise, that was the moment I thought, 'Oh my God, this is crazy!'" she admitted. During that moment, he fulfilled her wishes by enacting the Jerry Maguire "show me the money" scene which he'd recreated for his film The Mummy. Talking live on This Morning, he changed the words to "Show me the money!", much to Alison's delight, while co-star Phillip Schofield was open-mouthed with laughter. Tom also got candid with her about his childhood fears during that chat, admitting that he'd been terrified of the original 1932 version of The Mummy, after witnessing scenes from it as a child. DON'T MISS... Holly Willoughby divides fans with 'ridiculous' Dancing On Ice dress [LATEST] Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [DEBATE] Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES] "I remember being six-years-old and seeing it on TV," he recalled. "My sisters shared a room and I had my own room as I was a boy [but] at the end of the movie, I had to sneak into their room and sleep on the floor, I was so terrified!" Alison was a good sport for the interview, memorably allowing herself to be swathed in tight mummy-style bandages as part of the theme. However, she has since admitted to the Radio Times that she much prefers to be the interviewer than being on the receiving end of the questions. She will be in her element as an interviewer when she hosts the BAFTA Studio on the night of the prestigious awards ceremony. Alison has gleefully announced that she will be at the heart of an "access all areas" style set-up, where top actors discuss their films. She joked: "When... you see the stars go off stage, and you wonder, 'What are they doing backstage there?' They’re going to be doing me!'" The full Radio Times interview with Alison runs in the latest issue, out now.