On the first day of their royal tour of India, the Danish royals posed in front of the Taj Mahal just like many other royals, including Kate, Prince William or Princess Diana, have done in the past. Crown Princess Mary looked beautiful in a white shirt and a long colourful skirt while Prince Frederik opted for a pair of "quicky shoes". Princess Mary of Denmark donned a printed silk maxi skirt from Etro in turquoise and coral tones that retails for £2,800. She combined it with a chic white blouse and a brown maxi belt. For accessories, the royal opted for the Vega Relief gold necklace and the matching Vega gold bracelet from Dulong. Princess Many sported the Delphis gold earrings, also from Dulong, and the Frivolity sunglasses in green and yellow from Thierry Lasry. Royal fan @ellainthecityboston commented: "Mary looks perfectly dressed for the occasion. Adore the maxi skirt and her accessories!" READ MORE: Prince William ‘relished freedom’ during break-up with Kate Middleton Instagram user @viaggiatoredelmondo11 said: "Mary is tres chic" and @silvina.blanco.58 added: "Really lovely skirt." Another royal fan, @isabelq42, agreed saying that the outfit is "a great example of how to put together an entirely cohesive look from head to toe including accessories". "It all goes together. Love the skirt and it pops with the crisp white shirt. And I love Frederik and his quirky shoes!" she added. Prince Frederik wore the Metcon USA sneakers from Nike, which were a bold choice for the royal who normally opts for more traditional footwear.  Talking about the striking blue trainers, royal fan @monalulu999 commented: "Cool shoes for the Crown Prince." "Love his shoes, and how he’s always challenging the norm," said @maria.vilhelm while social media user @charliebenz opined: "Love her look. His shoes are a bit midlife crisis." Some royal fans compared the photograph to other iconic portraits British royals have taken while visiting the country in the past. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert One said: "Iconic place to have a photograph... My favourite one Princess Diana." Princess Diana visited India in 1992 during a solo trip after her divorce and sat in front of the Taj Mahal for the iconic portrait. The Prince and Princess of Wales, Kate and William, travelled to India and Bhutan and also posed for the traditional photograph during a royal tour in 2016. Royal watcher @luxmeagainpreloved opined that the Danish royal couple "looked fantastic". "He is in great shape and could give some gentlemen wardrobe lessons. "He’s smart casual, wearing the right fabrics and a nice colour scheme for the occasion. Love the trainers. Probably very comfortable. "Mary looks amazing as always. Also in great shape. Simple and elegant, occasion appropriate. Love her hair," they added. Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary will be in the country for a four-day visit. This is their first visit to India in over two decades.