 Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal could have their two-man Grand Slam battle threatened this year with a renowned tennis coach tipping two Italian stars to win a Major in 2023. With Djokovic and Nadal all square on 22 Slams, Riccardo Piatti says that Jannik Sinner and Matteo Berrettini have it in them to win the biggest titles in tennis and has tipped the latter to make waves at Wimbledon. Djokovic managed to equal Nadal’s all-time men’s Grand Slam singles record of 22 at the recent Australian Open, leaving them to battle it out for history at the upcoming Major tournaments this year. But their hopes of trying to win more big titles this year could be thwarted as Sinner and Berrettini have been backed to win a Slam each this year. Renowned tennis coach Piatti - who has worked with Sinner as well as the likes of Djokovic himself and Maria Sharapova - touted his two countrymen to make an impact on the biggest stages. “Sinner and Berrettini can win a Grand Slam already this year because they have taken all the necessary steps to get to there,” he told Ubitennis. Reflecting on another rising Italian star, he added: “Musetti is a little further back, he is learning from lost matches.” The 64-year-old also gave his verdict on where the two men would be able to win a Grand Slam title, backing former Wimbledon finalist Berrettini at SW19 while he thought the 21-year-old had options anywhere. JUST IN: Murray makes first semi-final in eight months with Muller win in Doha   “Jannik can win on any surface,” Piatti added. “On grass Matteo will be very hard to beat for everyone.” The Italian coach had worked with world No 12 Sinner until 12 months ago and the 21-year-old has since taken on Darren Cahill, the former coach of Andy Murray and Simona Halep. And the young Italian has already enjoyed a successful start to 2023, winning his seventh career title in Montpellier before backing it up with a run to the Rotterdam Open final last week. As for Berrettini, things haven’t gone as hoped for the 26-year-old as he reached the United Cup final with Italy before crashing out to Andy Murray in the first round of the Aussie Open as has not played since. DON'T MISSAlcaraz coach reignites Djokovic injury debate with 'impossible' claimAndy Murray dispatches Zverev in Doha to win another three-set battleKyrgios lifts lid on drinking problems as 'bad boy' label addressed But Djokovic will be hoping that neither man steps it up at the French Open after sharing his wish to face Nadal in the final with both men vying to pull ahead in the Grand Slam race by winning their 23rd title which would equal Serena Williams’ Open Era record. “The rivalry that counts the most matches in the history of any rivalry in tennis,” the world No 1 told reporters at a press conference on Wednesday. “I would like to meet in the Roland Garros final, if I could choose, I believe we would both sign it now. Along with Federer, he was the most influential in shaping me into the player I am today.” 