Chelsea are reportedly set to request an exemption from the Premier League spending rules as they claim they were unable to receive income for three months last season after their previous owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the government. The Blues have signed 16 new players since Todd Boehly bought the club and have spent mega-money in the process. Chelsea shelled out nearly £295million in the January transfer window after already splurging £278m last summer. And in return they have been able to get their hands on the likes of four-time Premier League winner Raheem Sterling, talented Ukraine international Mykhaylo Mudryk and World Cup champion Enzo Fernandez. Chelsea’s spending has certainly raised a few eyebrows as rival teams wonder how they can compete with such fervent transfer activity. And the Blues will now be under pressure to back up their spending with performances on the pitch. According to the Daily Mail, Chelsea will seek their exemption from the spending rules when they submit their accounts at the end of the season. DON'T MISS: Man Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before dramatic turnaround    Under the regulations, Premier League clubs are permitted to lose £105m over any three-year period. Chelsea recorded losses of £153.4m in their most recent accounts in 2021 but were given allowances, alongside the other top-flight clubs, due to the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. And club chiefs believe they shouldn’t have to pay the price for the sanctioning of Abramovich. Russian oligarch Abramovich bought Chelsea in 2003 and transformed the club into one that could compete for Premier League and Champions League honours. But he was forced to sell the Blues after having his assets were frozen in the wake of his country’s attack on Ukraine. READ MOREChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer   Chelsea will be confident of rivalling the likes of Manchester City, Arsenal and Manchester United at the top of the Premier League table in the years to come following their recent signings. And after the January transfer window closed, Blues boss Graham Potter said: “You look at the age of the players, where they are in their careers - a combination of the investment in the transfer fee and salary has made good sense for us and where we're at. “We've got a hungry group of players who are ready to help the team now and also grow and grow as the club develops. The players that we have signed, the age of them, we have changed the direction of the team to where they needed to go, it is now about making it function.” FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing! 