The Prince and Princess of Wales had a low-key adventure in the fantasy world of Middle Earth with their elder son and daughter, it has been claimed. Kate and Prince William were reportedly given a late-night private tour of the set of Prime Video's The Rings of Power on Friday. The doting parents took with them Prince George, nine, and Princess Charlotte, seven, while four-year-old Prince Louis remained at home in Windsor, a source claimed. The four prominent royals arrived with security at a forest in Buttersteep Rise, in Ascot, where they had the chance to meet members of the TV show's cast and be shown around the set. Stars and cast on the Rings of Power, whose first season reportedly cost a total budget of £385,475,700, are currently filming its second season. A source told The Sun: "William is a huge fan of the films so jumped at the chance. "They were introduced to the major cast members and were shown around the set. "It was all hugely exciting for George and Charlotte who loved looking at the props and how everything was laid out. "Louis stayed at home as it was a bit late in the evening for him. "They were accompanied by security and it was very low-key. It was a huge honour for the cast, too." READ MORE: Harry & Meghan Coronation attendance on brink over atmosphere concern Martin Freeman, who starred as Bilbo Baggins in The Hobbit trilogy, previously said the Prince of Wales is a huge fan of JRR Tolkien's books. The actor and the royal met at the London premiere of the first Hobbit film, during which they exchanged a few words. Kate was not at her husband's side as she had to be admitted to hospital after suffering severe morning sickness during her pregnancy. The following week, the actor said: "William wanted to be there at the premiere as Kate was in hospital at the time so he obviously wanted to be there. "He knew all the facts about Middle Earth and I think I kept him talking too long. "You know the protocol, you have got to let them say what they want to say and let them move on but I think I was boring him a little bit as I held onto him talking about Middle Earth." This reported trip to Middle Earth marked the beginning of Charlotte and George's half-term holidays. The children started attending in September, alongside Louis, Lambrook School, a prestigious school extending through 52 acres in the Berkshire countryside - just a short drive away from Adelaide Cottage where the Wales family lives. This week, the Prince and Princess of Wales kept their diary free of engagements to spend some quality time with their children.