WARNING: This article contains spoilers from 1923 The most recent episode of 1923 saw Jack Dutton (played by Darren Mann) left surprised after his fiancée Elizabeth Strafford (Michelle Randolph) revealed she was going to be having a child. The pair were presumably going to name their child John Dutton after Jack’s late father (James Badge Dale), who was killed earlier on in the first season. After the pregnancy news was announced fans are likely to be curious to know more about how this baby fits into the Dutton’s expansive family tree. The baby will become John Dutton II (Dabney Coleman), who is the father of Yellowstone’s patriarch John Dutton III (Kevin Costner). This means, the original John was the great-grandfather of Yellowstone’s John and this baby provides a strong link between 1923 and the original series. John II only appears in one episode in Yellowstone in the instalment Sins of the Father. TV series 1923 will be shedding more light on John II’s early life as he is born into a tumultuous time on the ranch and war rages on the horizon. READ MORE: ITV viewers complain minutes into Brit Awards as fans slam format This means in turn, Jack is John III’s grandfather and Lizzie is his grandmother. Meanwhile, Cara (Helen Mirren) and Jacob (Harrison Ford) are Jack’s great-aunt and great-uncle. So, Cara and Jacob would be John III’s great-great-uncle and aunt in turn. As 1923 goes on, viewers are likely to see even more Dutton members brought into the show as the story continues. The most recent episode of 1923 saw Spencer Dutton (Brandon Sklenar) and fiancée Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer) getting married. But there was of course danger as they had to face off a dangerous shark attack as they began their journey back to America. There was also danger presented by some lions, leaving the couple scaling a tree to again fend off an attack. Luckily, the pair were saved by a passing ship which sent a rescue boat out to them. Next week marks the penultimate episode of 1923 season one with the first run wrapping up the week after this with an eight instalment. Season two has already been confirmed with the story simply continuing rather than perhaps a clean break and the start of another series. 1923’s creator Taylor Sheridan previously admitted he needed a total of 16 episodes to tell this chapter of the Dutton’s story. Mirren and Ford are both going to be reprising their roles with the show having won rave reviews from the critics. DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [VIEWER REACTION]Dan Walker sparks uproar with 'crass' question to Nicola's partner [VIDEO]Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star [INTERVIEW] Season two was confirmed recently by Paramount on Twitter with a post to its followers. The tweet read: “There are more stories to tell… #1923TV will return for a second season. “In the meantime, season 1 continues with new episodes this Sunday, exclusively on @ParamountPlus . See you soon. #ParamountPlus.” Work is taking place on the next instalment but fans will have to wait and see when the season drops. 1923 airs on the Paramount Network and Paramount+ on Sundays in the US and on Thursdays on Channel 5 at 9pm in the UK