 Brad Pitt, 59, is still in the midst of a complicated divorce from actress Angelina Jolie after their 13-year relationship ended in 2016. As the actor moves on in his love life, an insider claimed Brad couldn’t care less about what his ex-wife thinks.   Near the end of last year, Brad confirmed his new relationship with Ines de Ramon, 30, who is in the middle of divorcing Vampire Diaries star Paul Wesley, 40. The pair have reportedly bonded over their own divorces and have grown incredibly close over the past three months. Ines has even reportedly met most of the Jolie-Pitt children that Brad shares with Angelina. Brad and Angelina’s lengthy divorce has been dragged on by a brutal custody battle over their six children. READ MORE: Hayden Panettiere's brother dead: Walking Dead star Jansen dies aged 28  However, as Ines and Paul have no children together, their split is expected to be a lot less complicated. Nevertheless, Brad is said to be a “huge support” for Ines as she and Paul officially filed for divorce last week, a source told the Daily Mail. They noted that the actor also “doesn’t give a damn” about what Angelina “thinks about his new relationship”. They continued: “In fact he wants her to know that he is happy with someone else.”  “They actually bonded over their divorces and are quite serious. She has met most of his kids.” Ines and Paul originally split at the beginning of 2022 after four years of marriage. Brad is reportedly equally unphased by what Paul may think of his relationship with Ines.  The Vampire Diaries actor has also moved on since splitting from Ines as he started dating model Natalie Zuckerberg around the same time Brad and Ines went public with their relationship. However, it’s not just Brad’s most recent ex who may have an opinion on his new love. A source reportedly told Closer Magazine in January that the actor’s first wife, Jennifer Aniston, 54, is concerned for him. They claimed the actress has “a bad feeling” about Brad’s new relationship and the long-time friends have reportedly drifted since he went public with Ines.  They added: “Jen knows she can’t really say anything, but she’s already thinking there are red flags. “Jen’s said she now feels Brad is like a big brother to her, she wants to see him happy and it’s hard for her to bite her tongue and watch him take risks. “But she’s well aware Brad needs to be left to live his life in peace.” Express.co.uk has contacted Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Aniston’s representatives for comment.