Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz exclusively shared with Express.co.uk his top hotel tips after having stayed at hundreds of hotels around the world. He explained that some airlines have strict rules and don't allow crew members to stay in certain hotel rooms. Flight attendants and pilots need to have a minimum rest period before a flight, otherwise, they are unable to work on a plane as they are "unfit to fly". When crew members reach their destination and stay at a hotel for a layover, they often have 10 consecutive hours of rest but it can be as little as eight hours in certain destinations. According to civil aviation regulations, flight attendants are not allowed to work if they didn't have enough sleep, in which case the airline has to call another crew member on "standby" to replace them, and that is something companies try to avoid. For this reason, airlines always make sure that crew members get the best room, or at least the quietest, in the hotel to ensure a good rest. READ MORE: Warning to anyone with holidays booked for Spain, Portugal and Germany  Miguel explained that flight attendants are not allowed to have a hotel room "on the first floor, by the lifts or close to the bar or restaurant areas". Those are normally noisy areas and could potentially disturb the flight attendants' rest before a flight. However, this is also for security reasons as the first floor is the easiest one to access from the outside. Miguel recommended always avoiding the first floor when going on holiday "if safety is your priority".  In fact, travel expert Rona explained on her travel blog Ronatheribbiter that the safest option is to always stay "between the second and sixth floors". "Especially in hotels with outdoor room access, staying on the first floor is more apt to break-ins. And, some experts say that staying on the sixth floor or below is easier access for the fire department ladders in case of a fire," she explained. Another top tip to stay safe while holidaying abroad is to always inspect the room as soon as you check in. Flight attendant Miguel explained that travellers should always check "the shower, behind the curtains and under the bed" but also make sure "the interconnecting doors are locked". READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' He also urged travellers to familiarise themselves with the evacuation plan, especially if it is a big resort, and "know where the emergency exits are located". Travel expert Rona also advised grabbing a couple of hotel cards from the front desk and always "keep one in your wallet and one on the nightstand". "This way you’ll have quick access to the hotel's name, address and phone number," she explained. Holidaymakers should also leave the room as if they were still there by having the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door or leaving the TV on. Rona also urged holidaymakers to never "answer the hotel door" unless they ordered room service or are expecting visitors. "There really is no reason for someone to be knocking on your door. If someone does and they claim to work for the hotel, you can call down to the front desk to verify that they sent someone up to your room," she explained. Finally, carrying a rubber door stop in your suitcase can be useful as an extra measure to stay safe in the hotel room. Door wedges can be purchased on Amazon for just £1 and are great for added protection at night.