The account includes prize draws to reward members for saving regularly with each person in with a chance to win £250. Two further prize draws are planned for customers. There were 917 winners in the first prize draw for Nationwide’s Start to Save (Issue 2) account, with a total prize fund of £229,250 given out. Almost 32,000 savers qualified for the prize draw as they saved between £25 and £50 in each of the six months between August 2022 and January 2023. This means there was a one in 34 chance of a person winning the £250 in the first prize draw. Winners will be notified from February 28 with the £250 prize to be paid into their Start to Save account from March 1. READ MORE: Martin Lewis’ 'spot on' alert sees woman boost state pension by £11,500 More than 10,000 Nationwide savers who previously had less than £100 in savings with the building society have now increased their savings after setting up an account. The savings product has been especially popular with younger savers as almost a third of those opening an account were aged between 18 and 39. People can deposit up to £50 a month into their Smart to Save (Issue 2) account. The account can be managed online or using the Nationwide app. Tom Riley, director of Retail Products at Nationwide Building Society, said: “Start to Save was first set up with the aim of encouraging those who could save, but who hadn’t done so before, to get into a savings habit. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised' [INSIGHT]HMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [WARNING]Tax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more [EXPLAINED] “So, even with the current cost of living challenges facing many, it’s encouraging to see that there are people that have been able to build up rainy day funds and we’re delighted that we’ve been able to boost the savings pot of more than 900 members with an extra £250 through our prize draw.” The dates and qualifying criteria for the two next prize draws are: READ MORE: Cancer patient on PIP ‘washing clothes in buckets’ to save money on washing machine To be eligible to open an account, a person must be aged 16 or over, a UK resident and be registered for the Internet Bank and have a valid email address. They will need to be able to open and manage the account online and have another account in their name, that can be used to receive transfers from the account. After the 24 months end, the funds from the account will be moved to an instant access savings account with a lower interest rate. Nationwide will contact a person who is coming to the end of the account’s term to discuss what to do next with their savings. Many savers have been enjoying a better rate on their savings accounts as the base interest rate has continually increased over the past year, with many providers passing on the increased rates. The base rate, which is set by the Bank of England, is currently at four percent with some analysts predicting it could rise further while others think it has peaked. Victoria Clarke, UK chief economist at Santander’s corporate and investment banking arm, said she expects the base rate will not fall throughout this year. She commented: “Concerns over sticky underlying inflation will likely force the Bank of England to hold policy at these restrictive levels this year, we think. We do not expect cuts in the base rate until 2024.”