Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of paralysing Scotland and stopping the country from moving on from the Groundhog Day of the 2014 independence referendum. Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross said Ms Sturgeon refused to accept the result of that vote, adding her tenure at the helm was marked with relentless agitating for indyref2. Ms Sturgeon, 52, announced her resignation in front of a packed room of journalists at Bute House, Edinburgh, earlier today. Few in her party or the Scottish Government had any significant notice of her decision. The shock announcement, which lasted more than 40 minutes, stunned Scottish politics and led to tributes from across the political divide, although the Scottish Conservative's leader levelled stinging criticism at the Scotland's longest-serving First Minister. Mr Ross said: "Whatever our differences, it is right we recognise that political leadership is always demanding and takes its toll on a person and their family. "I am glad Nicola Sturgeon has recognised this is the right time to go." He added: "However, at this time, we cannot ignore that she has presided over a decade of division and decay in Scotland. "Instead of trying to unite the country in the wake of the 2014 referendum, Nicola Sturgeon refused to accept the result. Her entire tenure as First Minister has been characterised by relentless agitating for another vote on separation - governing in her party's interests, rather than Scotland's. "As a result, Scotland has been in a state of constitutional paralysis ever since - divided and unable to move on from the Groundhog Day of 2014 and its toxic legacy, despite the wish of the majority of Scots to do just that. "The SNP Government now needs to use this opportunity to focus on the Scottish people's real priorities, especially the cost-of-living crisis, supporting our NHS and rebuilding our public services." READ ABOUT FRANCE HITTING OUT AT THE BRITISH ARMY Ms Sturgeon's predecessor Alex Salmond, who now leads the Alba Party, said she leaves behind no clear strategy for independence. He said: "There has been no question of Nicola's talents as a first-rate political communicator and election winner and - having been there - I feel for her personally on the day of her resignation. "There are two questions for the future. "One is that the movement has been left with no clear strategy for independence. The previously accepted referendum route has been closed and the de facto referendum/election proposal is now, at best, up in the air." DON'T MISS: US diverts four Russian warplanes flying near where UFO was shot down [REVEALED] US and China already in Cold War as negotiations 'not plausible' [LATEST] Prince Harry not used to 'anyone answering him back', says expert [REPORT] Mr Salmond added: "Secondly, there is no obvious successor. There are a range of able people in the SNP but they will now be tested in the fire of leadership, inheriting a range of serious Government policy challenges. "It is to be hoped that those voices which wish to reunite the national movement emerge to win that contest." Scottish Secretary Alister Jack said Ms Sturgeon had been a formidable politician and he thanked her for her service as First Minister. But he described her resignation as a "welcome opportunity for the Scottish Government to change course, and to drop its divisive obsession with independence". SNP members praised Ms Sturgeon's work on Scottish independence. Ian Blackford, Scottish MP and former leader of the SNP in Westminster, said "when Scotland wins independence", Ms Sturgeon will have been its "architect and builder", adding: "We owe it to her to finish the job." Scottish Labour leader Anas Sarwar paid tribute to Ms Sturgeon being at the forefront of Scottish politics for more than 20 years. He added that his party aspires to deliver the change it believes Scotland now needs. Alex Cole-Hamilton, Scottish Liberal Democrat leader, said Scotland faces many challenges and called on the SNP to restore stability after Ms Sturgeon steps down. He told BBC news today is "not a day for political attacks". Ms Sturgeon's main political ambition was to lead Scotland to independence, but after the Supreme Court ruled last year that Holyrood could not lawfully legislate on the constitutional issue, her party will meet next month to discuss treating the next UK election as a "de facto referendum". In recent weeks, legislation from her government which pushed through controversial gender reforms has taken centre stage. The UK Government blocked the Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Act which made it easier to self-identify as a chosen gender. Housing transgender prisoners in the female estate has exacerbated the issue. Potential candidates to be the new SNP leader include former Westminster leader of the SNP, Angus Robertson; the current Secretary for Finance and Economy, Kate Forbes; Health Secretary Humza Yousaf and Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney.