The BBC documentary began with Shamima Begum admitting to presenter Josh Baker she did join a terrorist group when she left the UK at 15 years old. She also shared her thoughts about what people think of her now, explaining she feels the population sees her as a "danger" and a "potential risk". She said when people think of ISIS, they think of her. At 15, Shamima Begum left London to join the terror group Islamic State. It made global headlines, and four years later, pregnant with her third child, Shamima emerged desperate to come home. She showed little remorse for her time with the group, and for the first time ever, she's given her account of what happened since 2014. At the start of the programme, Shamima recalled the moment she said goodbye to her mother. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie "I woke up early in the morning, maybe five, six o'clock because our flight left at 12 o'clock, so we wanted to be there early," she remembered. "Our bags were already somewhere else like hidden somewhere else. "I had to make an excuse as to why I was going, so I was just like, 'I have extra classes that I need to go to' and my mum believed me. "I just stood there with her being quiet and stuff and then I got on the bus and I said bye and she was just being really quiet. "She was just staring at me and not saying anything and I just said bye to her and I got on the bus and I left." However, many fans took to social media to air their frustrations with the BBC for giving Shamima a platform. User @Samahmed1973 said: "The Shamima Begum Story on @BBC2 at 9pm...I for one won't be watching that pile of s**t. "She knew what she was doing when she signed up for it!! Astounded the BBC are giving it airtime." (sic) "@BBC The Shamima Begum story. Why are you wasting licence payers' fees on this girl? She knew what she was doing," @Jo90callingUK fumed. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food [INSIGHT]GB News presenter Mark Steyn quits after Ofcom row  [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow guest makes history after valuation of Olympic sign [VIDEO] While Tim raged: "@BBC why the f**k is the BBC giving the dreadful Shamima Begum airtime?. Thank god I don’t pay my TV licence….." (sic) Joan Anderson tweeted: "I am finished with this BBC tonight showing The Shamima Begum story! Outrageous when she said beheadings never bothered [her]." (sic) Chris Powell wrote: "Why on earth is the BBC giving Shamima Begum airtime? Astounding." "Why are the @BBC giving Shamima Begum, a terrorist by association, airtime on our TVs? Disgusting and utterly disgraceful," Paul Devine shared. Jane went on to brand the BBC "Shameful" for giving Shamima a platform. Although, other viewers found the programme insightful, with @rachelh1711 commenting: "Watching The Shamima Begum Story on BBC2. Fascinating!" Salma said: "Watching the Shamima Begum story. Feel like this is going to be a good watch." "Documentary on BBC2 - just mind-blowing really," Tom added. The Shamima Begum Story is available to watch on the BBC iPlayer.