Leeds owner Andrea Radrizzani has confirmed the club hope to finalise terms with their next manager by the close of play on Tuesday or by Wednesday morning latest ahead of a potential announcement. The message would suggest the Whites now have a good idea about exactly who will be replacing Jesse Marsch, who was relieved of his duties on Monday following a wretched run of results in the Premier League. Leeds have won just two of their last 17 top-flight matches and unfortunately, they are now facing the prospect of another relegation dogfight after preserving their Premier League status on the final day of last season. When quizzed on whether there had been any progress on the appointment of a new head coach, Radrizzani responded with positivity to one Whites fan on the social media app. The Italian wrote at 5:30pm on Tuesday: "We are on it... hopefully white smoke by tonight or tmw morning." West Brom's Spanish boss Carlos Corberan was among the favourites for the hot-seat having previously managed the club's U23 side but he has now signed a new deal with the Baggies - ending any hope of a swift return to Yorkshire. READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges Since leaving his role with Leeds, Corberan has been making waves in senior management after guiding Huddersfield Town to the Championship play-off final last season. He then parted company with the Terries at the end of the campaign before moving to Olympiacos in Greece. But his stint in Piraeus was only brief after returning to English in October with West From. Since then he has drastically changed their fortunes to fire them into the Championship play-off places following a wretched start to the campaign under Steve Bruce. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesBenfica 'requested integral Chelsea midfielder' in Enzo Fernandez swap deal counter offerChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez Yet Leeds' shortlist also includes alternative options to Corberan, who will not be moving to Elland Road as he prioritises West Brom's promotion push. Other candidates include savvy Rayo Vallecano tactician Andoni Iraola and Real Madrid legend Raul, who has reportedly already rejected the Whites. Ex-Southampton manager Ralph Hasenhuttl is also available and his Premier League experience could give him an edge over other candidates. Feyenoord manager Arne Slot is now the bookies' favourite to take over at Elland Road but it's unclear how hard Leeds are prepared to push for the Dutchman. The Rotterdam giants currently top the Eredivisie table and it would therefore be a bold call to jump ship and leave De Kuip mid-season. Celtic boss Ange Postecoglou is also believed to be of interest but again, it is unclear whether he would be prepared to leave Glasgow halfway through the current season. Leeds face Manchester United on Wednesday before facing Erik ten Hag's side again at the weekend in the reverse Premier League fixture. There are also crunch must-win fixtures against Everton and Southampton on the horizon later in the month - games Leeds cannot approach in poor form.