Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle’s security has been the subject of widespread discussion since their exit from the Royal Family. Now they live in the US, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family. Their Montecito mansion has been compared to “Fort Knox” and according to a local royal watcher, the couple is the only famous residents to bring their security guards out with them.  Richard Mineards, a former royal reporter and Montecito resident, has claimed other celebrities in the exclusive enclave do not use the same level of security. The journalist appeared on an episode of Hello!’s A Right Royal Podcast earlier this month. He said: “What is very odd, I might say, is that there are very important people, very rich people [in Montecito], but no one has security guards with them, except only — from what I've seen — Harry and Meghan. “Every time he goes anywhere in his Range Rover, he's normally followed by three or four security men… I don't know how necessary that is.” The podcast’s co-host, Andrea Caamano added: “I think he’s used to it. He would probably feel bare without them.”  Mr Mineards continued: “Their estate is surrounded by walls, which are about eight-feet high, so it’s very secure. But obviously, the security men, they [Harry and Meghan] feel they need them.” The couple has lived in their $14.5million (£11million) mansion in the affluent Santa Barbara neighbourhood since the summer of 2020, shortly after they stepped down from their working royal roles. Their 10-bed is thought to have a home cinema, a library and saunas in a separate guest house. Another resident previously claimed Harry and Meghan’s Montecito home is like “Fort Knox”. Lynn, a local florist who has spent decades in sunny California relocating from Scotland, described the “military” atmosphere she discovered when she arrived at the Sussexes’ house to deliver flowers. The delivery was addressed to a ‘Miss M’, the florist told Express.co.uk in October, before recalling the security guards at the residence. She said: “There were guys there who looked like they had just come from the military. They had buzz cuts. They could have been armed. So I said I am delivering flowers. And the gate opens. You cannot even see the house, it is so far back. “And then guys show up. It is like the military! They have got the whole thing. It is totally secure.”  She continued: “And I like to get out and out the final finishing touches before I deliver them, and I had no idea who it was for. It was addressed to ‘Miss M’. All that security, though, was so stupid! As if I was going to attack the place or blow the place up or something. So stupid! But, anyway, I got the flowers out and the guys took them and just buzzed off. But can you imagine living like that?” Forbes has previously estimated that Harry and Meghan’s security bill could reach between $2 and $3million (£1.6 and £2.5million) each year. Harry and Meghan reside at their impressive mansion with their young children, three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet, and keeping them safe is of utmost importance, the Duchess’ interview with The Cut revealed. When journalist Allison P. Davis sat down with Meghan for a rare interview in August, she accompanied her on the school run to pick up Archie. The profiler wrote: “At a stoplight, she reaches into the trunk and produces a brand-new black backpack and hands it to her security detail to give to an unhoused man on the corner”, indicating the level of protection that the three-year-old is under to and from school, and around the perimetre of their grand mansion in Montecito.  Before moving to their current home, Harry and Meghan stayed at Tyler Perry’s home in Beverly Hills. There, the couple had to erect extra fences around the vicinity for further privacy from the paparazzi. The actor, producer and writer offered his home to the couple during a “difficult time”, having been inspired by their love. Harry and Meghan had just severed ties with the Royal Family and were living on Vancouver Island in a home swarmed by paparazzi without Government-provided security. The Duchess called Mr Perry — who had first reached out to the couple prior to their 2018 wedding — and the actor offered them his $18million (£15million) Beverly Hills mansion, private security and a personal plane to secretly transport them, Archie, Meghan’s mother, Doria Ragland; their dogs; and more than a dozen suitcases from Canada to California.  During their recent Netflix documentary series, Meghan recalled: “He [was] like, ‘My house is safe... You’re going to stay as long as you need. And I’m going get you there safely. And I’m gonna keep you there safely until you have somewhere to go.’” Harry revealed he and his wife had not even met Mr Perry; in a video taken on the private plane during that top-secret trip, Harry said: “This is the current situation, thanks to another amazing friend, whom we’ve never met, but who believes in us and wants to help.” Harry described their time in Mr Perry’s home as “bliss”, reminiscing the weeks they spent there during Covid. A year later, in June 2021, the couple asked Mr Perry to be their daughter’s godfather, making his role within their family official and showing their gratitude for his generosity.