 Jansen Panettiere was confirmed dead at the age of 28 earlier this month, shocking fans with his tragic and sudden death. However, the star’s cause of death has been unknown until now, as his older sister Hayden spoke out for the first time since the tragedy.   Last week, a traumatic police report was released revealing that three of Jansen’s friends had found his body motionless and unresponsive on Sunday, February 19. They decided to check up on the artist after he failed to show up for a prearranged meeting and arrived to a tragic scene at his Nyack home. While one friend dialled emergency services and another alerted Jansen’s dad, the third began performing CPR on the star in a desperate attempt to revive him. The Even Stevens favourite was pronounced dead on arrival at 5:11pm, although the report noted there were “no obvious signs of trauma”. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden for days as she admits 'I have been poorly for so long now'  Grieving fans began to piece together their own conclusions and theorised fatal situations for the star, who had been outspoken about his struggle with anxiety. This morning, Hayden and the rest of the Panettiere family shared a statement to ABC News, revealing Jansen’s cause of death. The family shared: “Though it offers little solace, the Medical Examiner reported Jansen’s sudden passing was due to cardiomegaly (enlarged heart), coupled with aortic valve complications. “We sincerely appreciate the outpouring of love and support towards our family as we navigate this unthinkable loss, and ask that we be gifted our privacy during this time of mourning.     "We love you so much Jansen and you will be in our hearts forever." On the tragic Sunday, Jansen’s father, Alan, arrived at his son’s house to find his three friends, who have been identified as Benjamin Brown, Joe Fails and Lars Arianti, frantically trying to revive him. Alan reported to an EMT at the property that Jansen had “sounded okay” when they were speaking the night before. A source told the Daily Mail that Hayden has been “inconsolable” as the Nashville star had lost her “best friend and her only brother”.  The late actor had garnered a loyal following through his television work on fan-favourite series like The Walking Dead and Major Crimes, but had recently been endeavouring in a new field. Jansen had become a burgeoning artist and just the day before his death posted a now haunting update on his Instagram as he finished what would be his final artwork. Countless friends, family and famous faces have flooded the comments section of Jansen’s final post to share condolences, memories and support. Posing alongside the painting was Catherine Michie, who is believed to be Jansen’s girlfriend and the muse for his final painting.  Since his death Catherine has posted a few memories of the star on her own Instagram page, including a sweet clip of the actor trying to befriend a squirrel captioned: “You were something special.” The bio on Jansen’s art website reads: “After spending time in LA as an adult he was ridden with terrible anxiety and depression. “This period in his life eventually produced a spiritual clarity that drove him to start painting his problems, one by one. “With more than 50 pieces, Jansen continues to heal himself as well as others with his visceral and emotive work.”