Horrifying footage shows a nine-year-old being viciously beaten by two boys aboard a school bus. The merciless beating, captured on video, shows the third-grader desperately trying to fend off her attackers. The two boys are seen repeatedly hitting the young girl, landing blows to the girl’s head, neck and face as she doubles over in her seat. A fellow student has been arrested and is facing charges after being accused of beating up the third-grade girl inside a school bus. The young girl and her alleged attackers are students at Coconut Palm K-8 Academy in Homestead, a city located 30 miles south of downtown Miami, Florida. "I got sent the video of my daughter getting attacked by an older kid," the mother, who wished to remain anonymous, told Local News 10. She also confirmed at least two adults were on the bus at the time of the incident, including the bus driver and an aide. READ MORE: Video captures chaotic moment American motorists use new roundabout for the first time Neither of the adults intervened during the assault, which lasted almost 30 seconds. "Emotionally, I couldn't even last two minutes. I couldn't look at the video. Like any mother, I am destroyed. I fell to my knees and at that moment I said I have to do something," said the young girl's mother, after watching the video. Her 10-year-old son was also beaten on the same bus ride. "Another kid came out of nowhere and hit my son and he fell to his knees, and they started to hit him," she said. DON'T MISSTeacher, 30, arrested for having sex with girl, 13 [REPORT]Chinese aircraft 'intentionally' flew over US airspace [LATEST]Award-winning professor charged with dealing meth [INSIGHT] The mother added: "All ages are on that bus, and it’s overfilled. "It’s very crazy because there’s all this yelling going on in the bus and the two adults on the bus – the bus (driver) and the bus aide, only sit in the front." The girl’s father expressed his outrage at the incident, vowing to launch protests in front of the school. “I want to set up a rally and confront the school head-on,” he wrote on Facebook. READ MORE: Abandoned newborn baby found 'screaming' on a hill in the US with umbilical cord attached “The lack of security is unreal, and the lack of security on the bus is ridiculous … The bullying must stop!!!” The third-grader's mother has said there has been several instances of bullying involving her children and others as well. Her kids have only been enrolled in the school for three weeks. She reached out to CBS 4 Wednesday to report bullying at the school, only for these incidents involving her children to happen hours later.  In a statement, the Miami-Dade Schools Police said the offenders have been arrested. The statement also read: "The safety and wellbeing of our students is of the utmost importance "This school district goes to great lengths to promote the values of restraint and respect as well as using social media responsibly. "We ask that parents reinforce these principles at home." Express.co.uk has reached out to Coconut Palm K-8 Academy for further comment.