Stacey Dooley, who welcomed her first child with Kevin Clifton in January, appeared on Michael McIntyre's Big Show Saturday night, where she revealed her pals' nickname for her - a reference to Henry VIII's fourth wife. The Strictly Come Dancing winner revealed the moniker is thanks to her boyfriend's previous marriages. The 35-year-old handed her phone over to Michael for his Send to All game, which sees the comedian send a text to everyone in her contacts. As the comedian opened the phone, a photo of Stacey and Strictly pro Kevin, 40, came up, with Michael saying: "Oh it's you with your husband." Stacey interjected: "Boyfriend! Yeah, he's been married a few times." The former Strictly star chuckled, saying: "You know what's funny, and I shouldn't say this but oh well. He's been married three times before, so my mates call me Anne of Cleves." READ MORE: Piers Morgan begs Ricky Gervais to host Brits as viewers 'switch off' Michael replied: "Fourth time lucky." With a confused expression etched on her face, Stacey commented: "That's not the phrase." The host responded: "No, third time lucky- he should go back with her." Laughing along, Stacey didn't seem to mind Michael's comment, saying: "She's quite nice, yeah." Michael chuckled at Stacey's response as the documentary-maker made reference to Karen Hauer, formerly Clifton, who was Kevin's third wife. Kevin's first marriage was to amateur Latin world champion Anna Melnikova when he was just 20-years-old. The pair were dance partners from 2002 to 2006 and tied the knot in 2003. Kevin claimed they split after he "fell out of love" with dancing when they were advised to stump up £10,000 to 'guarantee' a world champion title win. DON'T MISS... Tributes pour in for De La Soul founder Dave Jolicoeur 'lost a legend'[LATEST]Rihanna confirms pregnancy minutes after Super Bowl performance[SUPER BOWL]Adele causes a stir with 'zip it' order at Super Bowl as Rihanna sings[PICTURES] "I just felt somewhere it had all gone wrong. My parents believed we could win without it, but I wanted to walk away from the whole thing," he once said. The former Strictly pro met fellow dancer Clare Craze on a night out in a salsa bar, tying the knot in 2007 at the age of 24. But by 2010, the couple had "drifted apart" and separated, with Kevin referring to this stage of his life as his "rebellion," where he dyed black hair and wore black painted nails. They finalised their divorce in 2013. While working on Burn the Floor in 2011, Kevin met Venezuelan dancer Karen. Karen then joined Strictly Come Dancing in 2012, followed by Kevin a year later in 2013. The pair danced together in pro dances on the show for years, and when they split they decided not to change things. "Privately we are not together anymore but professionally we are stronger than ever before," said Kevin, who toured with Karen months after their split. Kevin has since welcomed daughter Minnie with his girlfriend of five years, Stacey.