Part of a ship from 1821 was washed ashore after Storm Ian wreaked havoc across much of the United States, experts have suggested. A chunk of flotsam which was found on a New York shoreline is believed to have come from SS Savannah.  SS Savannah ran aground and broke apart 202-years-ago, shortly after it became the first vessel to cross the Atlantic Ocean partly under steam power. But being completely certain about the identity of the wreckage is a difficult task. The recovered flotsam was spotted in October off Fire Island near Long Island's southern shore. It is now in the custody of Fire Island Lighthouse Preservation Society.  The National Park Service will work with officials from Fire Island Lighthouse Preservation Society to identify the wreckage and put it on public display. Museum technician Betsy DeMaria said: "It was pretty thrilling to find it. "We definitely are going to have some subject matter experts take a look at it and help us get a better view of what we have here." SS Savannah has eluded explorers for over two centuries despite recovery efforts. Ira Breskin, a senior lecturer at the State University of New York Maritime College in the Bronx, claimed the recently discovered wreckage "very well could be" part of 300-ton vessel. Experts have claimed wooden pegs holding the wreckage's plants together and its iron spikes point to 1818's SS Savannah. Savannah was mostly used to sail across the Atlantic, including a nearly month-long passage to Liverpool in the United Kingdom. The vessel was transporting cargo between Savannah and New York when it ran aground and later broke apart off Fire Island. DON'T MISS:Journalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] The crew made it safely to shore and the cargo of cotton was salvaged. However, according to the Augusta Chronicle & Georgia Gazette, "Captain Holdridge was considerably hurt by being upset in the boat". 