Parents have decided to sell their son’s house after he disinvited them from his wedding out of fear the pair would "embarrass" his partner’s family. The wedding, which was supposed to be a wonderful occasion to celebrate the couple’s love, turned out to be a disappointment for the son’s parents who were rejected from it because there were "not good enough" for the fiancé's family. Unsurprisingly, the parents were shocked, and the angry father decided to sell his son's home.  Asking for advice, the father said in a post on Reddit: "Since he doesn't want us in his new life, he has to get out." In his message, the father detailed how they've helped their son financially and how they bought a second home for him to use when he moved away to college. He explained that while their son, who does not pay rent, manages the utilities, they pay property taxes and any maintenance costs. The arrangement seems to have worked for years, even after the son's fiancé—whom the family says they like—moved in. However, issues developed when the two lovers invited their families to meet. The father claimed that his wife, daughter, his son, his fiancé, and her family were escorted inside as the families were getting ready to have a BBQ. His wife and daughter left the scene upset a short while later, and they went back home.  The dad was told: "Our son and his fiancé along with her family don't want us at the wedding." His post said: "According to what I was told 'We're not their kind of people'. I was livid, I called my son and asked him WTH this was about. He tells me that her family feel that we are not good enough and will embarrass them at a family wedding and that we are all uninvited from the wedding." The furious dad added: "I let a week go by to calm myself down and drive back to the PA house, the new future in-laws are in the house along with the fiancé. It appears that they all moved into the house They ask me why I'm there, I tell them that since we aren't invited to the wedding, I was coming over to talk to my son. "They tell me to leave their house. I lost it and told them that they had 30 days to get out. Tell my son I'm selling the house and he could find somewhere else to live with all of you. I go to a realtor in town and list the house for sale." READ MORE: Queen Victoria hit-out at 'foolish' royal wedding protocol The angry parent then questioned his move and went on social media to see if he had made a mistake by "taking a hard stand on this". Most Reddit users sided with the son’s parents, expressing dismay at their son’s behaviour @Poppycorn144 asked: "What kind of people do they think you are? How was your son ok with excluding his whole family? Do you think your son’s been brainwashed by his fiancée? How did he think the house was “his” when he didn’t pay the taxes on it?" While @Agreeable-Celery811 was left perplexed, asking: "Did your son actually say ‘you’re not good enough’ or is that you paraphrasing? Do you guys have differing political beliefs, for example?" DON'T MISS:Meghan was treated differently as first black person 'royal C-suites' [REPORT]Meghan Markle's wedding dress designer awarded CBE from King Charles [REPORT]Coronation Street’s ‘most hated’ returns for Chesney's wedding [REPORT] @Apprehensive-hippos said: "The parents that own two houses aren't good enough? More like the grifters realized during the BBQ that mom, dad, and sister weren't going to be as gullible as their future son-in-law." "I actually find it hilarious he is soo entitled to the house he didn't even expect you to take it back after his actions. I believe this is exactly the reality check he needed," said @shooter0213. READ NEXT: Wife donates life-saving kidney to husbandKing Charles tipped to follow in decision taken by Kate at weddingCall The Midwife fans predict Trixie Franklin childhood trauma storyPrince Harry and Meghan set for Sussex title challenge in weeksAwful as it may seem Charles' Coronation could shame Britain