Eoin Morgan has brought an end to his illustrious career after announcing his retirement from all forms of cricket. The 36-year-old famously skippered England to its first World Cup triumph back in 2019 in one of the most dramatic finals in the history of the sport.  He announced his retirement from international cricket last summer, handing over the captaincy to Jos Buttler. And Morgan has now released a statement on social media to confirm his full retirement from cricket, but plans to "still be involved in the game" through commentary and punditry work. “It is with great pride that I am announcing my retirement from all forms of cricket," Morgan began. "After much deliberation, I believe that now is the right time to step away from the game that has given me so much over the years. "From moving to England in 2005 to join Middlesex, right up to the very end, playing for Paarl Royals in SA20, I have cherished every moment. As there are in any sportsperson’s career, there have been highs and lows, but my family and friends have been by my side throughout it all.  "I would like to say a particularly special thank you to my wife, Tara, my family and close friends who have supported me unconditionally. I also must thank all my teammates, coaches, fans and those behind the scenes who made me not only the player I became but have also made me the man I am today. "Thanks to cricket, I have been able to travel the world and meet incredible people, many of whom I have developed lifelong friendships with. Playing for franchise teams across the globe has given me so many memories that I will hold on to forever. “Since my retirement from international cricket, I have been able to spend more time with my loved ones, and I look forward to being able to do so more and more in the future. Having said that, I will undoubtedly miss the adventure and challenges of playing professional cricket. “Although I am calling time on my playing career, I will still be involved in the game, working alongside broadcasters at international and franchise tournaments as a commentator and pundit. I am sincerely looking forward to what the future holds.”  Nasser Hussain labelled Morgan as "England's greatest ever white-ball captain" following his retirement from international cricket last summer. Hussain said in June 2022: "He changed the culture of English white-ball cricket, not only at the top but all the way through. "If you look at where we were at the 2015 World Cup in Australia when we lost to Bangladesh to where we were a few years later and where we are now, the change is remarkable." He is the only England captain to have score more than four one-day international centuries and retires as the all-time leading run scorer in ODI cricket for England with 6,957. 