On BBC Money Box, Laura explained her relief that the law had now changed for bereavement support. She lost her partner in 2020, when her son was just two years old. When talking about how she felt when the law passed, she said: “For those of us affected, it was just this utter sense of relief and delight that finally after so long this has been changed and it’s well over due.” Alison Penny, CEO of the Childhood Bereavement Network (CBN), explained changes to bereavement support could see around 21,500 families now able to claim up to £9,800. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has explained bereaved cohabitees could soon be eligible for additional financial support if they have dependent children. This comes following a successful debate in the House of Commons earlier this week. READ MORE: Barclays customer ‘completely shocked’ after scam leaves savings account drained by £22,500 “I will get just under £10,000 which is a significant amount. “It will mean the world to us.” What is Bereavement Support Payment?Bereavement Support Payment has replaced Bereavement Allowance (previously Widow’s Pension), Bereavement Payment, and Widowed Parent’s Allowance. Guidance on GOV.UK states: “You must claim within three months of your partner’s death to get the full amount. You can claim up to 21 months after their death but you’ll get fewer monthly payments.” READ MORE: Grandparents risk throwing away £5,437 in savings for grandchildren - how to gift tax free People could be eligible if their partner either: The DWP will give people a first payment and then up to 18 monthly payments - there are two rates. If someone gets Child Benefit, or do not get it but are entitled to it, they will receive the higher rate. If they do not get Child Benefit, they will get the lower rate unless they were pregnant when their husband, wife or civil partner died. First payment - £3,500Monthly payments - £350 First payment - £2,500Monthly payments - £100 Bereavement Support Payment will not affect a person's benefits for a year after their first payment. After a year, money a person has left from their first payment could affect the amount they get if the individual renews or make a claim for another benefit. Britons must tell their benefits office when they start getting a Bereavement Support Payment. For more information, Britons can visit the GOV.UK website.