Joe Biden and his top officials hailed Rishi Sunak striking a new deal on Northern Ireland. The President issued a statement shortly after the Prime Minister and Ursula von der Leyen agreed on the Windsor Framework, effectively scrapping the Northern Ireland Protocol which Biden had backed despite tensions within the UK. Biden called the Windsor Framework an “essential step to ensuring that the hard-earned peace and progress of the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement is preserved and strengthened”. “I appreciate the efforts of the leaders and officials on all sides who worked tirelessly to find a way forward that protects Northern Ireland’s place within the UK’s internal market as well as the EU’s single market, to the benefit of all communities,” the President said. “I am confident the people and businesses of Northern Ireland will be able to take full advantage of the economic opportunities created by this stability and certainty, and the United States stands ready to support the region’s vast economic potential.“ Biden then added: “Northern Ireland can accomplish the extraordinary when its leaders work together in common cause. “And I hope – as we all do – that Northern Ireland’s political institutions are soon back up and running. “Those institutions embody the principle of devolved, power-sharing, representative government at the core of the Good Friday Agreement.” More Biden officials chimed in to hail the new deal, including Secretary of State Antony Blinken. “We congratulate the UK and EU on their announcement of the Windsor Framework”, he said. “Northern Ireland will benefit from the opportunity, certainty, and stability brought about by the agreement.” However, Brexiteers have already raged against the US’ stance on Northern Ireland, with Ben Habib saying he “couldn't care what Joe Biden thinks” last week. Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson also reportedly said “f*** the Americans” in Parliament when talking to former Lord Chancellor Sir Robert Buckland.  A witness to Boris and Sir Robert’s conversation said: “(They) were discussing the protocol and Robert said, ‘It’s vital you back it Boris, it’s a good outcome and with the US state visit coming up and the need to get a trade deal with them it will help keep us onside with the Americans.’ Boris said ‘f*** the Americans!’” Former UK ambassador to the US Sir Peter Westmacott said the former Prime Minister’s language and behaviour towards his successor was “beyond the pale” in the Independent. One senior Tory figure, a former minister, also told the outlet: “Once you’ve said f*** business and f*** the Americans you might as well stop being a Conservative and just f*** off yourself. “The Americans will obviously be offended by that. This will put his reputation in the US in freefall the same it is in the UK.”  The Windsor Framework introduces two new routes for goods travelling from Great Britain into Northern Ireland, easing “burdensome customs bureaucracy”. Biden’s administration has made it clear it will not sign a post-Brexit trade deal with the UK until key political disputes in Ulster, including the Northern Ireland Protocol, which covers arrangements for imports and exports, have been defused. At the start of February, Sunak was reported to be considering a visit to Washington. Biden was expected to travel to the UK around Good Friday in April, but only if an agreement on Northern Ireland was in place by then. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news/us Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews