After giving birth to her second child in a recent episode of TLC’s hit show 1000-lb Sisters, Amy Slaton has shared an update on her new-born to her 487k Instagram followers. Although, the star’s caption left fans with teary eyes. Amy recently welcomed her second child Glenn to the world alongside her husband Michael Halterman. The birth occurred on a recent instalment of the hit reality show this week. Now the mum-of-two took to Instagram to share an adorable selfie featuring her son Glenn. The snap shows the pair cuddling together with a Snapchat filter which gave them both long lashes and a pink rose behind their ear.   The Slaton sister is seen smiling at the camera with son Glenn next to her, who is already showing a resemblance to his mum. The reality star captioned the post: "Just thinking of you brightens my morning." The post urged fans to flood the comment section with sympathetic messages to show the mum-of-two some love and support. A recent scene of TLC’s 1000-lb Sisters saw Amy seemingly finding motherhood a little tough.  One fan @Golden_red77 commented: “I watched the latest episode last night. My whole heart felt yours when you cried at the picnic." Another @kellybeth_78 added: “Amy you broke my heart when you cry and question your motherly skills. Honey, I think you are the best Mom. You have the greatest heart for Gage and Glenn.” A third @Swdn2usa said: “I just want to tell you after seeing the episode where you think you are not a good enough mom… you are a great mom. Loving and caring!!!” @Stephrmoss added: “You’re a great mom, Amy!” Meanwhile, @Tlnjewelry shared: “You are a wonderful momma... After that last episode, I'd like to give your husband a word or two though…” In this week's episode, Amy and her husband Michael took Gage and Glenn to a family barbeque, despite it being only two weeks since Amy gave birth to Glenn. The reality star's oldest son Gage started to get upset as everyone began to tuck in to their dinner. Two-year-old Gage then got so distressed that Amy had to take him out of his pram and away from the family to tend to him privately. Amy discussed the situation to the cameras saying: "Everyone is having fun, having a good old time. I'm over here hot as h**l, I just recuperated from surgery, I haven't had much sleep at all, and Gage just won't stop crying." The reality stars’ sister Amanda could see Amy was beginning to get overwhelmed with her son, so she then took over mother duties to give Amy a break for a while.  Amy went on to explain: "The boys started crying and I'm trying to choose which one to give my attention to at that point in time and I just feel like, how am I gonna do this?" Prior to the barbeque, the reality star broke down in tears after fearing she would be a bad mother to her unborn baby (Glenn), who she was scheduled to give birth to the following day. Amy had Glenn via a scheduled c-section on July 5, and he weighed in at 5lbs and 11 oz. 1000lb Sisters is streaming on Discovery+ in the UK. Season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.