The coronation of King Charles III and Queen Consort Camilla will take place on Saturday May 6 at Westminster Abbey, and it is assumed that an invitation will be extended to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex officially left behind royal life in 2020 when they moved to the US, and their rift with the Firm has only deepened since their Netflix documentary series last December and the publication of Harry's memoir Spare in January. However a number of clues have suggested that in spite of a number of personal revelations made about family life in his book, Harry will fly back to the UK in May to attend the ceremony. According to the Daily Mail and the Sun, there is a "working assumption" at Buckingham Palace that Harry and Meghan will be at Westminster Abbey, although the Sussexes have made no official confirmation. Invites are expected to be sent out later this month, but here are six hints that Harry will be there at his father and stepmother's coronation. When speaking to ITV's Tom Bradby ahead of Spare's publication on January 8, Harry did not confirm or deny that he would attend the King's coronation in May. Harry was asked outright in the interview whether he will travel to the UK for the ceremony if invited, and responded: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. "There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it." Although his relationships with his father and his older brother Prince William are now strained, Harry is said to be looking to reconcile with his family if they are willing to resolve their usses "in private". The Duke reportedly has not spoken to his family since before Spare was released, with him claiming in the book that William physically attacked him during an argument and that Charles was not well equipped to deal with being a single father. Harry told ITV: "I love my father, I love my brother, and I love family. "I don't think my father or brother will read the book. … But what they have to say to me and what I have to say to them will be in private, and I hope it can stay that way. "None of anything I've written, anything that I've included is ever intended to hurt my family." READ MORE: Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly  The King has reportedly asked the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, to help broker a deal with Harry to assure his attendance at the coronation. The Mail on Sunday reported that the Archbishop was requested to step in as the Prince of Wales opposed Harry and Meghan appearing at Westminster Abbey in case they stage a "stunt" which would overshadow the occasion. The Archbishop has been asked to form an agreement between the two brothers to make sure Harry is there, including possible assurances that Harry's royal titles will not be removed if he attends. Charles is said to believe that the Sussexes absence would be more conspicuous than their presence. DON'T MISS:Nicola Bulley searchers told to stop 'breaking into empty properties' [LATEST]Princess Kate meets adoring young fan at Shaping Us event [REVEAL]The chance of EU allowing Ukraine to join is almost nil - COMMENT [OPINION] Sources have told the Daily Mail that Prince Harry may visit the UK for less than 48 hours to be at the coronation, in what has been dubbed "Harry in a hurry". In this scenario the prince could make the trip alone, while Meghan remains at home with their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. Adding further likelihood to Harry making a solo trip is the coronation falling on May 6, which is also his son Archie's fourth birthday.  Officialas at Buckingham Palace are said to be under a "working assumption" that Harry will be at the coronation, although there has been no official word from the Sussexes that this will be the case. Around 2,000 will be invited to Westminster Abbey to see Charles being crowned King in May, only a quarter of the number that attended his mother's coronation in 1953. A palace official told The Sun: "They will definitely be invited, and we are working on the assumption that they will come." It has been reported that Harry may be be able to keep his royal titles if he attends the coronation. A Conservative MP is set to introduce a bill to Parliament which would strip Harry and Meghan of their titles if passed, after the couple made a number of damaging claims against the monarchy. However it has been suggested that the couple could accept the coronation invite if they could keep their titles and were given a prominent pew in the Abbey.