The 76th British Academy Film Awards was broadcast on the BBC to celebrate an incredible year in cinema. During the ceremony, there was a segment dedicated to those in the industry who have died over the past year, although viewers were seething Bernard Cribbins was missed off the tribute. During the two-hour show, the host of the evening Richard E Grant became emotional as he started to introduce the in-memoriam segment. It comes after the actor is grieving his wife, Joan Washington, who died in September 2021. Blinking back tears, he told audiences the ceremony was taking a moment to pay tribute to members of the film community whose impact lives on in film. In the segment, stars such as Olivia Newton John, Robbie Coltrane, Charlbi Dean, James Caan and Angela Lansbury were all honoured, although viewers were quick to notice one star's absence. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show  Bernard Cribbins, who died in July last year at the age of 93, had a career in the industry that spanned seven decades. The iconic actor was best known for starring in films such as The Railway Children and the Carry On franchise. It wasn’t long before people realised Bernard was missed from the BAFTA tribute segment with many taking to social media to fume at the ceremony. VixenPPowell slammed: “Was rather astonished to not see Bernard Cribbins being honoured. A national treasure held dear by the majority of the nation! Limited time isn't a justified response, I'm sorry.”  Liz_lizanderson added: “Very poor decision, BAFTA. Literally not reading the room. Bernard Cribbins was & is an icon of the small & big screens, his appeal spanning generations. Unpardonable of you to have left him out of the visual tributes last night, would’ve taken seconds to have included him.” Sallythomsett commented: “Have watched The BAFTA's on TV & I'm absolutely appalled that the fabulous Bernard Cribbins was not mentioned in stars that we've lost within the last year, they should be disgusted with themselves, words fail me.” Daisynlil said: “@BAFTA - shameful omission of the wonderful Bernard Cribbins in the list of those departed. How could that happen?” Stephen4_2 tweeted: “Bernard Cribbins was in a lot more films than anyone realises. Shocking that he wasn't deemed worthy of a mention.”  DON'T MISS... Ed Balls overcome with emotion as Ukrainian refugees dance live on GMB [VIDEO] Dancing on Ice sparks uproar with ‘insensitive’ fake news skit [REACTION] Coronation Street fans 'work out' Jacob Hay's return [SOAP]  Ctcantwell added: “I loved Bernard Cribbins, as a child had his album of him singing Hans Christian Andersen songs. Loved the films & TV programmes he was in. Definitely he should have been honoured in the BAFTA’s” Following the response to the online outrage, BAFTA has since responded to the uproar of missing Bernard out of their tribute segment. Their official Twitter page wrote: “With limited time in our broadcast it isn’t possible to honour all those who have sadly passed away. “Bernard features in our online records at http://bafta.org/heritage/in-memory-of… and given his influential work in TV, he will be considered for inclusion in the next Television Awards broadcast.”   Elsewhere at the ceremony, World War One film All Quiet on the Western Front dominated the night as they took home seven awards. The triumph has meant the film has broken the BAFTA record for the most awards won by a film that is not in English. They won, best film, director, adapted screenplay, original score, cinematography, sound and film not in the English language. The BAFTA Film Awards are available to catch up on BBC iPlayer.   