With half-term upon us, prams across the nation are once again bracing themselves for a week of spilled juice, sticky stains and dirty wheels. And whilst the humble pram may be the trusted mode of transport for kids, they often get overlooked when it comes to general maintenance and upkeep. That is, until now. This half-term, The O2 is offering shoppers the chance to give their neglected prams some much-needed TLC, with the launch of the first ever ‘Pram Valet Service’. Be it a clean and polish or a thorough vacuum, the unique and complementary service lets parents drop off their busted buggies for a full MOT so they can enjoy one of the UK’s leading shopping outlets pram-free, with up to 70% off RRP at brands including adidas, Build-A-Bear, Calvin Klein, Lindt, Nike, Superdry and more. Worried about the kids not wanting to walk? All ‘Pram Valet Service’ users can also enjoy 50% off at Kiddy Cars, so while the kids can cruise past the shops in style, parents can browse for their new style with outlet prices – and all just 15 minutes from central London. Janine Constantin-Russell, Managing Director of the Entertainment District and Icon Outlet at The O2, comments: “Half-term is a busy time for parents, and when it comes shopping trips, buggies often bear the brunt, clocking up miles of use and lacking any TLC. "Our new Pram Valet Service is our way of celebrating the unsung hero of the family shopping trip and will hopefully give parents a bit of light relief this February half term so they can enjoy everything we have to offer at The O2 pram-free, from outlet shopping to family dining. "We’re glad to be bringing some fun to the madness that the school holidays can often bring for shoppers visiting The O2 this half term.” For those looking to maximise their pram-free time, why not enjoy a full day out at The O2? From interactive gaming at TOCA Social and BOOM BATTLE BAR, to Hollywood Bowl and London’s largest cinema, Cineworld, and over 30 bars and restaurants, there’s plenty of activities to keep the whole family entertained this half term – and all under one iconic roof. Running from 10am – 5pm on Monday 13 and Tuesday 14 February, the ‘Pram Valet Service’ will be available free of charge for shoppers visiting The O2 on a first come first served basis. When arriving at The O2, just head up the golden staircase to the Upper Level of the shopping outlet to find the ‘Pram Valet Service’ located between Sunglass Hut and Cloud 9. For those then looking to snap up a Kiddy Car, simply download the ‘Kiddy Cars’ app on iOS or Google Play and follow the on-screen instructions. The O2 is located just 15 minutes from central London and is easily accessible by road, tube, and boat. For more information on planning your visit, please visit The O2’s website.