While Jo is no supermarket expert, she has learned many money-saving hacks by visiting her local supermarkets frequently to scour the reduced section. She admitted that at first it can seem like a potluck as to what you'll find left on the shelves, but once you get to know the habits of your nearest shops, there are plenty of easy ways to get more of what you want at a smaller cost. Jo told Express.co.uk: "Sometimes you just have to be a bit strategic with your shopping to get the best deals." According to the savvy shopper, timing is crucial when it comes to bagging a bargain - particularly if you're trying to cater for more than one person in terms of ingredients. And Jo has done the hard work for you to find out the "luckiest" times to visit a reduced section. Sundays are one of the best days to visit when stores do a restock, though Jo noted that you should try to shop outside of "peak" hours. READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing in 2wks with ‘really effective’ facial oil She said: "Going outside of those peak times is more reliable, particularly if like where I live, everyone seems to go shopping on a Sunday morning or afternoon. "It might be the case that you're better going at certain times - like just before the shop closes to get those bargains. But it's definitely a trial and error basis depending on what you need." Jo explained that where she lives in Manchester, the larger supermarkets offer the best deals on Mondays and Tuesdays. While most supermarkets provide a reduced section or clearance aisle, shopping in budget retailers isn't the best if you're looking for significant savings. The thrifty PR manager noted that places like Lidl are great for budget buys though shopping in their reduced aisle is "harder because they go straight away by being so popular". To get the best deals and "save over half" on some items, Jo recommended going towards the end of the month in line with expiry dates. DON'T MISS...Coca Cola warns of major future price hike on all products [LATEST]Supermarket announces record price cuts on everyday products [REVEAL]Iceland helps families this half term with free school meal initiative [INSIGHT] When it comes to finding the reduced section in your local supermarket, it's not always consistent in the same place. Jo explained that while it can often change in terms of the aisle and shelf height, most retailers are "pretty good" at "keeping foods in the right section". She said: "I've noticed with the bigger Aldi stores they've always been good at putting things together in terms of dietary requirements. "For example, reduced meat in the meat aisle and plant-based products in their own section to they are separate."  READ MORE: Tesco, Morrisons, Asda and more recall popular product In terms of shelving, the savvy shopper added that you won't always find orange-label items at the bottom of the fridges. Instead, many retailers will mark down items and put them at the front of the shelf where the full-price versions of the products are kept. This is all based on expiry dates so you'll find the older items closest to the edge of the shelf. Jo added that even if a product is not labelled as reduced, you can haggle at the tills if an item is visibly damaged or already out of date and hasn't been marked down. She said: "For example, if they forget to mark an item down and it goes out of date that day, you can ask if you don't have to pay full price. It happens a lo sometimes as shops have so much stock. Just ask if a staff member is around - you're doing them a favour as well to get it marked down." Jo explained that while reduced food items are a big win for shoppers looking for bargain meals, they can also be utilised by people on the hunt for new homeware. She noted that even discount retailers like Primark, TK Maxx and Homesense mark down the price of affordable items to a few pounds or in some cases, just a few pence, adding: "You can go to the clearance bit and get almost anything but Homesense are particularly good for damaged cleaning supplies." From her own thrifty shopping experiences, Jo revealed that you can find everything from gift baskets and hampers to home decor like candles in the orange-label sections. You may have to search around to find them, though they are often found in place of seasonal displays when summer or the festive period comes to an end. 