Lionel Messi is reportedly "edging towards" a Paris Saint-Germain exit this summer amid ongoing interest from MLS side Inter Miami. The 35-year-old's current contract with the French giants expires later this year, with the Argentinian World Cup winner still said to be in talks with the club over extending his stay. David Beckham's Inter Miami are said to be monitoring the ongoing situation, with manager Phil Neville looking to bolster his squad heading into the new MLS season. According to reports via Foot Mercato, seven-time Ballon d'Or winner Messi is closing in on calling time on his career at the Parc des Princes, despite claims earlier this year suggesting he was keen on renewing his contract. Some have suggested Messi is wary of moving to the US given his intentions to play in the 2024 Copa America for Argentina, but Beckham is believed to be keen on adding the superstar to his club. Last month, Beckham spoke of his admiration for the left-footed forward, as he gushed: "I love Leo for many different reasons. I love him because he’s a great father. I love him because he’s a great personality, a character. He’s a great person. “But I think what everybody loves about him is the way he plays the game. He plays the game with passion. He plays the game just free the way he plays. "And I think this past World Cup again. I think the way he played for his team, for his country, and to win that World Cup was an incredible moment for him. And I love watching players like him.” Last year, Inter Miami chief Chris Henderson remained tight-lipped on the possibilty of Messi moving to the States, as he affirmed: "I knew Messi would come up and It’s great to be connected with amazing players. I don’t want to comment on someone who’s not on our roster." Elsewhere, Barcelona chief Joan Laporta has made no secret of his desire to bring Messi back to the Nou Camp, if they can afford him, stating earlier this month: "Leo knows that Barcelona is always his home." The Argentinian icon arrived in the French capital in August 2021 having spent his entire career at Barcelona. The diminutive Argentine is enjoying a much better second season and so far has 10 goals and 10 assists in 18 Ligue 1 matches, with four goals in five matches in the Champions League. PSG face Bayern Munich in the Champions League last-16 tie but were eliminated from the French Cup by arch-rivals Marseille last week. The Parisians sit five points clear of Marseille at the top of Ligue 1.