Letitia Dean has been playing Sharon Mitchell on and off since 1985, and in more recent scenes, EastEnders fans have been left wondering how the actress slimmed down after reportedly losing four dress sizes. Taking to Twitter to comment, one said: “I'm so intrigued, I need Sharon's (EastEnders) weight loss secret. She looks amazing!” Another wrote: “Need to go on the Letitia Dean diet. She looks amazing.” “Letitia Dean has lost so much weight she looks amazing. Massive well done to her,” someone else mentioned. Another tweet read: “Sharon is looking good. She looks like she’s had 20 years taken off!” One fan cried: “Bloody hell Sharon in EastEnders is literally HALF the woman she used to be!!” READ MORE: Sue Cleaver opens up on how she’s 'lost more weight' recently  The actress is said to have gone from weighing 10st 4lb to 8st 3lb last year. The Daily Mail suggests that’s four dress sizes in four months. In 2020, Letitia spoke about her weight and some of the cruel comments she has received from people. She said: “I had quite a lot of horrible things said about me; ‘She's too fat, the other actors complain they can't fit on the same set with her.’” It is not known how Letitia slimmed down to the size she currently is, as she hasn’t spoken publicly about a diet or exercise plan in recent years. But, she has previously discussed a “healthy food” diet she once followed. DON'T MISS...Astrologer shares the star sign that is the luckiest in love [GUIDE]Harry holds ‘naive view’ for future with Royal Family expert claims [COMMENT]Jamie Oliver’s method to get the ‘perfect boiled egg every time’ [VIDEO] The actress is said to have reduced her calorie intake to 1,300 to lose weight. A calorie deficit is the energy your body requires to maintain your current weight, minus your dietary calorie intake. If someone wants to begin a calorie deficit diet, to lose weight healthily and sustainably, a deficit of 500 calories a day is a good guide. 500 calories a day over a week is equivalent to 3,500 which will see a weight loss of one pound (one pound of fat is equivalent to 3,500). READ MORE: 'I tried the £149 Bio-Synergy DNA test, here’s what I thought' On this diet, Letitia would eat “pitta bread with a grilled skinless chicken breast, for instance, and lots of greens”. Not only did her waist size shrink, but she “found she had so much more energy” compared to eating junk food. Before this, Letitia had tried several well-known diets: “The cabbage soup diet, the Atkins and a really disgusting eggs-only diet,” but nothing worked long-term. In 2007, the actress also signed up to Strictly Come Dancing in a bid to “do something about my figure”. One area of her body that Letitia has been “less secure about” was her breasts, and in 2001 she had a breast reduction following nasty remarks about her size. She explained: “Backache had a lot to do with that decision too. “But I was a lot less secure about myself and there was a lot of focus on how I looked.”