Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola admitted that his side are 'not in the position' to think about the Premier League title after losing 1-0 at Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday. Not for the first time, Guardiola has played down the reigning champions' chances of pipping Arsenal in an ever-intensifying battle at the summit. Man City continued their dismal record at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium as Harry Kane became Spurs' all-time record goalscorer with his 267th goal for the club. It was the Citizens' third successive away defeat in all competitions and kept them five points behind Arsenal at the top of the Premier League, having played a game more. And after full-time in north London, Guardiola admitted that City were in no state to consider the title after their latest defeat. He told Sky Sports: "We are not in the position to think about being champions, just the next game, Aston Villa, we will prepare well and play our game as best as possible." City have lost all five trips to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium without scoring a single goal. JUST IN: Pep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeat And while Guardiola insisted that would soon change, he admitted it was difficult to understand why his record at the ground is so poor. "Sooner or later it is going to change, but it is strange we haven't scored one goal, we have missed penalties in the past. To find an explanation is not easy," Guardiola explained. "We found the positions, made good balls to the channels, but missed the last action up front. He added: "Tottenham has a fantastic team and squad, and they punish you. They have a lot of quality up front and don't need much with transitions, set pieces, give a lot of credit to them." DON'T MISSLeeds fans lose patience and demand Marsch sacking after Forest lossSecond throat grab in Manchester United vs Crystal Palace melee missedLiverpool board have three reasons to sack Klopp after Wolves defeat  City remain five points behind Arsenal but have now played a game more than their title rivals, opening the opportunity for Mikel Arteta's side to extend the lead again. The two clubs clash for the first time in the league this season at the Emirates Stadium on February 15. Before the mammoth meeting, City host Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium while Arsenal welcome Brentford to north London next weekend. Another slip-up against Villa could prove fatal to Guardiola's title hopes, given the Citizens are already travelling to the Emirates on the back of three successive away defeats. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here