Kate, Princess of Wales, 41, and radio presenter Roman Kemp, 30, filmed a short film in support of the Shaping Us campaign at an undisclosed location in Hertfordshire last month. The Princess launched her Shaping Us initiative on Tuesday, an ambitious campaign described as her "life's work" and aimed at raising the profile of the early years' development of children. In the short film, due to be released today, Kate and the Captial FM breakfast host discuss the importance of mental well-being and relationships, and how by nurturing children in the earliest years of their life, society can build a society of healthy happy adults Kate recycled a special coat for the occasion, which she has not been seen wearing since 2013. The coat in question is the L.K. Bennett "Darwin" Shearling Coat in Chocolate Brown. Its description reads: "​This 100 percent sheepskin jacket is part of the LK Bennett Signature Collection and has a full collar and cuffs with exposed shearling." READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed'   However, one of the most special times Kate wore this coat was when she attended her first Christmas at Sandringham as a working royal in 2011. The Princess was photographed wearing this coat when walking alongside her brother-in-law Prince Harry. Unfortunately, the £795 coat is no longer available to buy. Kate also wore her Holland Cooper’s Fair Isle Knit jumper in cream.  Unfortunately again for royal fans, this £179 item is also sold out. The description says: "Designed with a longer length and super high roll neck, the Fairisle Knit's relaxed look and feel is perfect for pairing with jeans for an elevated everyday outfit. "Created from an extra soft yarn with a traditional 'Fairisle' design, this knit is a timeless piece for your wardrobe. "Detailed with our iconic gold hardware on both the cuff and shoulders." READ MORE: Beatrice stepped out in Sophie Wessex's baby pink dress - pictures The Princess has worn the jumper twice in public before. The first time was to read the CBeebies Bedtime Story in February 2022 and again in a promotional video for her Christmas Carol Concert in December 2022. For footwear, Kate wore her £188 brown Blundstone Chelsea boots. The Princess wears the #1609 style in antique brown leather.  The shoes are lined with black and feature a brown tab at the back. This shows they’re made from leather, and they’re not the vegan style or the thermal style. Kate has worn the flat brown ankle boots on two royal engagements before. The first time was at Forest School in Copenhagen in February 2022, and again in Abergavenny in Wales in March that year. 