Tottenham assistant Cristian Stellini gave an update on boss Antonio Conte's condition and explained that he was back at the training ground after undergoing gallblader surgery. Last week, Spurs announced that Conte had been taken ill with severe abdominal pain which was diagnosed as cholecystitis and required an operation, followed by a period of recovery back in his homeland. Stellini explained that Conte was back at the training ground on Thursday and worked with the players after hugging each one of them in a heartwarming moment on his return to the club. He said: "Antonio is back. This morning on to the pitch with us. He will have to take it easy for a bit. We were so happy to have him back on the training ground. He took time to hug every player. We didn't speak about what he would do in the next match but he is back [with us]. We have time to be ready." The coach confirmed that captain Hugo Lloris was set to miss up to seven weeks with a knee ligament injury and Fraser Forster will deputise in his absence, starting away to Leicester on Saturday. "Everyone else is available for the next game. We are all disappointed about Hugo," Stellini added. "However, we have a good experienced goalkeeper in Fraser Forster, with a lot of experience in the Champions League. We say to Hugo 'see you soon'. He needs a good recovery, maybe five-to-seven weeks." Stellini boasts a perfect record as a Premier League boss, having defeated Manchester City 1-0 in his only game in charge while Conte rested at home. He was asked if he mentioned to the returning head coach about his better record as number one. "Haha, no. I've never spoke about this," Stellini replied. "It's only a joke, only a joke. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag's furious blast at Fred vs Leeds speaks volumesLisandro Martinez scrapes boot on Bamford's head in unseen incidentMan City news LIVE - Chelsea star targeted, Man Utd comparison  "Our tactics came from what Antonio wanted. We continued that. Me and Ryan Mason, we spoke immediately during the game that we needed to change something and we decided to have Eric Dier being more aggressive in dealing with Bernardo Silva and that is all we changed." It remains to be seen whether Conte will be in the dugout to face Leicester, but January deadline day signing Pedro Porro could make his debut against the Foxes and he has been impressing the coaching staff in training. "He can bring very good skill, he can bring experience," Stellini continued. "He's a young player with great experience. Technically he's a fantastic player. His enthusiasm to play in a new league, a new team, could be a boost for us when we decide to use him." 