Celebrated actor Jason Watkins has starred in a number of popular shows such as The Crown, McDonald and Dodd, Line of Duty and The Lost Honour of Christopher Jeffries. His latest project is on Channel 5 as struggling fisherman Ed Collier in The Catch. With Watkins now back on our screens on a weekly basis, viewers are naturally curious about his life away from the cameras. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Catch. Actor Jason Watkins is married to jewellery and fashion designer Clara Francis who co-owns an online dress company called O Pioneers. It isn't known exactly how long they have been together or how they met but Jason and Clara tied the knot in 2014. Together, they share daughter Bessie and son Gilbert but tragedy struck the family when their youngest Maude, aged two, died of sepsis in 2011. Clara posted a heartbreaking tribute to their daughter on New Year's Day, the 11th anniversary of her death. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit Alongside a video of Maude, she wrote: "Each time I saw your realness in that image, the empty space would smash me in the face, take my breath away, make me howl like a lonesome wild wolf. "One thing is true and that is my love for you, the love I carry with me every second, minute, hour, day, week, month, YEAR of my life that sustains. "I Love you eternally my Maudie." The couple have openly spoken about losing Maude and raising awareness of sepsis to help other parents.  Talking about The Catch and the upcoming documentary, Jason explained on This Morning: "I spoke to [actress] Sarah Parish and she's lost her own child, so it is about spreading awareness of sepsis, this documentary. About letting people know that if you've lost a child, always mention it. "It's never worse than feeling your child never existed. It is a sharing of our story - it was very hard to make. The hope is that people will get an idea. 'It is to say to other families that there is help, by talking about it it can help you and make you feel less alone because it is a very lonely journey." DON'T MISS...Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [REACTION]Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending  [CAST]Silent Witness Southbay location explained as final episode airs [FILMING] Jason was previously married to a woman who called Caroline before meeting Clara with whom he shares two grown-up children, Freddie and Pip. Caroline has also remarried since their divorce and has previously revealed how she and his wife Clara have become close friends. He told The Mirror: "We’ve worked really hard on this dynamic. I know a lot of friends and family who have been through divorce and it isn’t good. "I can’t say I was brilliant when my marriage broke up. It was difficult for both of us but more for her because it was me who decided to end it. It was very hard. But she has been so brilliantly forgiving." Returning on Channel 5 for episode two, the synopsis for the next instalment of The Catch reads: "Still reeling from the discovery he made on the boat, Ed confides in Bob, who tells him that he has CCTV footage which suggests George could be behind the sabotage. "Desperately seeking answers, Ed decides to contact his old navy comrades, and also secretly employs the services of a private investigator. "Later, on a boat trip with Ryan, Ed receives a disturbing phone call from George." The Catch continues every Wednesday at 9pm on Channel 5.