Over the past few weeks, Coronation Street viewers have watched as Daisy Midgeley (played by Charlotte Jordan) has continued to get harassed by her online stalker Justin (Andrew Still). However, in scenes that aired on Wednesday night, fans fear her fiancé’s life could be in danger.  Although Daisy should be having the time of her life planning her dream wedding to Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard), the bride-to-be has been living in a nightmare. After a brief meeting with a man in a hospital waiting room weeks ago, he’s since become obsessed with Daisy and believes they’re in love. Sending endless bouquets of flowers and a stream of online messages, the barmaid has done her best to keep her distance by constantly blocking his account. However, the online stalker is persistent and wastes no time in making new social media accounts to get back in touch with her. READ MORE:Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital   During Wednesday night’s episode, fans saw things escalate when Justin pretended to be her fiancé at a wedding event she attended alone. Trying not to anger him, Daisy politely asked Justin to leave, although he spoke to her as though he was the person she was getting married to. Sharing he knew Daniel controlled her, he sinisterly told Daisy they’d be together “soon”. Getting scared, she demanded he leave the event before she called the police.     Later on, Daisy was given a bouquet of funeral flowers which she believed was a warning to her fiancé that if Justin can't have her, no one can. Although the twisted prank turned out to be from Dan’s sister and local florist Tracy McDonald (Kate Ford) who was retaliating after the couple tried to bag free flowers for the wedding. Despite the bouquet not being sent from Justin, it seemed to shake Daisy as many viewers took to social media to share their concern for Daniel. Liadaksy said: “Justin is going to try and harm Daniel who poses an obstacle to him [sic] #Corrie” DON'T MISS... Coronation Street fans spot ‘obvious’ error in Stephen Reid fight [SOAP] Phillip Schofield mocks Molly-Mae in swipe at newborn’s name [VIDEO] Coronation Street danger for Sean as Laurence’s past is ‘exposed’ [SPOILER]    MisTintehotbabe added: “Why do I feel like on the wedding day something bad is gonna happen to Daniel or Daisy gets kidnapped #Corrie.” Rozzy67 commented: “#Corrie I have a feeling Daniels' life could be in danger now, how far will thus Justin go to be with Daisy.” BangkokCanary tweeted: “Daisy really needs to tell Daniel, he'll be after him next.” Ifeelflames said: “He’s so going to have a crack at murdering Daniel isn’t he?”    With Twitter user spartacus2963 adding: “I’m thinking Daniel’s in more danger than Daisy…” Elsewhere in the episode, Daisy discovered Justin isn’t scared of getting even closer to her when he made his way onto the cobbles as a delivery driver. Handing Chesney Brown (Sam Aston) a parcel, the stalker spotted Daisy with Daniel as he stared at her with admiration. As Daniel realised who it was, he chased him to his van with Justin managing to escape a confrontation. Coronation Street continues Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV from 8pm.  