Lewis Hamilton and his beloved bulldog Roscoe hit the road together in matching bright yellow outfits recently, but some fans were not impressed by the neon raincoat, which featured a visor over his head. Some argued that it looked "uncomfortable" and queried whether it was restricting the vision of the Formula 1 star's canine companion. Lewis, who is well known for his achievements as a racing driver and his former seven year relationship with ex-Pussycat Doll Nicole Scherzinger, came under fire after sharing photos of the pooch in what some claimed was a "ridiculous-looking" raincoat. Roscoe sped across soaking wet pavements in his outfit but his clear plastic visor totally covered his eyes, which some speculated could make it difficult for him to see out. However Lewis' motivation was simply to protect his pet from the pouring rain. He published footage on Roscoe's account to more than 720,000 Instagram followers alongside the caption: "I love running on rainy days. Just like dad!" READ NOW: Fern Britton in mishap as she admits being 'in love' with fellow celeb "Hazmat suit looks mad uncomfy though," one fan, @workvisa, said incredulously in response, while another compared him to the character Rubble from Paw Patrol. (sic) Rubble is also a bulldog, and can be seen on the Nickelodeon show dressed in a high visibility neon yellow construction worker's outfit while bulldozing. @claudiaregismendes agonised: "[It's] not cool... the visor ends up almost in the middle of Rosco's eyes, making it difficult for him to see properly." However, @adventuresindogtraining argued: "It’s not a visor. It’s an eye shield so that the dog can still see when walking in the ran without having water dripping into the eyes." Meanwhile, @isiphosami_28 hit back: " I think Lewis knows what's good for his own dog", and @mamakellymakes was inspired, raving: "Love the visor! Need that for my pups." This isn't the first time that Lewis' choices for his celebrity pet have caused controversy. Some animal lovers argued that his choice to turn Roscoe vegan could cause him nutritional deficiencies. Lewis is proud of his pet's plant diet, and boasts on his Instagram profile: "I’m a vegan bulldog that loves to travel, play ball and get attention from all the girls, especially when they rub my bum!" He also claimed to Vanity Fair in a recent interview that the new meal plan had given Roscoe a new lease of life. "He eats quinoa and vegetables every day and it’s literally changed his life – he’s like a puppy again, at nine years old!" he exclaimed. Lewis also defended that, prior to the switch, the sickly dog had suffered joint pain, breathing problems and skin allergies, only for all that to change when his diet did. DON'T MISS... Austin Butler shares 'what they don't tell you about winning' awards [REVELATIONS] BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [DEBATE]  Breathing issues are quite common in bulldogs, due to the flattened facial type that years of breeding has created. Yet an Australian TV vet, Dr Scott Miller argued that the diet could be dangerous and "problematic" for some dogs. Meanwhile, Lewis included a disclaimer on Instagram that pet owners should consult their vets for guidance before imitating the plant-based recipes he gives his own dog. He added that ensuring "nutritional needs are met" is "the most important thing". Lewis, who recently celebrated his 38th birthday, has always been an animal lover, and even enjoys travelling with Roscoe on his private jet. He revealed that the pooch is content being air-borne and at those times likes nothing more than to snooze in his dad's lap. Roscoe is also becoming wealthy, with Lewis claiming his pet can earn $700 a day via the internet. Lewis currently has a higher follower count, with more than 31 million fans signed up to his Instagram page, but Roscoe still has a respectable 720,000.