Despite saying goodbye to Walford last year, Adam Woodyatt remains a long-standing EastEnders favourite, having played the iconic Ian Beale on-off since 1985. In more recent years, the actor has slimmed down, losing three stone in total by taking up cycling and abstaining from alcohol. Adam previously explained his reasons for quitting drinking during an appearance on The Nightcap podcast. He said: "It was a health thing (on why he gave up alcohol). I went into the hospital with a stomach issue and they pointed out my liver was probably taking a bit of a hammering. “They said, 'Look, give your liver a rest for six weeks, we’ll do some tests.' Then Covid happened and six weeks became 12 weeks. “And I thought, 'Do you know what — I’ve cracked this, I don’t miss it, I’m better off without it' and I thought, 'That's it!' READ MORE: Woman loses 6st after her life was ‘turned upside down’ “I’m not going to say never again, but at the moment no alcohol and it’s fine. But I still like smelling it, especially rum. I’m not so good on whisky." During a conversation with The Mirror, Adam explained how it was “the biggest change” he made that contributed to his weight loss. “Basically I gave up alcohol. That was the biggest change I made,” he said. “With giving up alcohol, the weight drops off and because the weight dropped it was easier to cycle. So it was easier to stay fit.” DON'T MISS...Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Princess Kate achieves an 'ageless look' with clever makeup [BEAUTY EXPERT] He said he wasn’t “really focused on it” and didn’t “make a big fuss about it” he “just stopped drinking”. The actor said he is “quite happy not drinking” and “the result is I've lost about three stone in weight”. Adam has “always liked cycling” and said, “it’s a lot easier if you are lighter”. According to Harvard University, biking at a moderate speed of 12 to 13.9 miles per hour will cause someone who is 11 stone to burn 298 calories in 30 minutes. READ MORE: 'I tried the £149 Bio-Synergy DNA test, here’s what I thought' At a faster rate of 14 to 15.9 miles per hour, a person of the same weight will burn 372 calories. The calorie burn may vary slightly between using an indoor stationary bike and biking outside. You can still get a great workout in a fitness studio or outside, but biking outside is more dynamic: You have to be aware of your surroundings, and there’s more variety of movement as you turn to follow roads and paths. There can also be wind resistance and inclines such as hills, and this may help you burn more calories than when you’re indoor cycling, depending on the spin class you do. As for alcohol, many dieticians and personal trainers refer to alcohol as ‘empty calories’ which can impact your diet. Alcohol can also cause weight gain in three ways; it stops the body from burning fat, it's high in calories, and it can increase hunger which can then lead to poor food choices. According to Drink Coach, there are 226 calories in a large glass (250ml) of white wine. and 244 calories in a pint of beer.