In recent scenes in Coronation Street, Paul (played by Peter Ash) got knocked over by Carla Connor (Alison King) when he was on his motorbike. However, little did the business owner realise that she had been drugged by Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) and shouldn't have been behind the wheel. After the accident, Paul seemed to be in good health, however, following Friday's episode, things took an unexpected turn. As Paul and vicar Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) celebrated being back together, they spent the evening having a drink with Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell). However, Gemme was left mortified when she received a £4,000 bill from the gas company. Although Paul quickly stepped in, telling his sister he was going back to work and would sort it. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Later, Billy discussed Paul's decision to return to work so soon after his accident. "Are you gonna tell me what has got your goat?" Paul asked as they sat on the sofa. "You'll think I'm the Grinch," the vicar replied. "I think it's wonderful you want to help Gemma out financially." Paul interrupted: "But you're worried I'm gonna overdo it and set my recovery back." "Exactly," he agreed before Paul continued: "I'm not an idiot." Billy replied: "You're a brilliant brother and boyfriend." As the vicar went to top-up their drinks, Paul's hand missed the glass as he went to pick it up. He looked worried and confused over what happened, and fans think there could be more to his health than he realises. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [SPOILERS]BBC fans blast return of Michael McIntyre's The Wheel [REACTION] Fans took to Twitter in droves following the episode, with many airing their fears for Paul. Julie Gould wrote: "Catching up on #Corrie. Looks like #Paul is showing signs of #MS. Hope the @itvcorrie writers cover the #invisiblesymptoms properly. Fatigue, brain fog, bladder & bowel issues, as well as the pain & walking issues." (sic) Twitter user @Luckwave2 theorised: "Paul arthritis? #Corrie." While Alan Cortes predicted: "Paul gonna have a stroke? #corrie." "Paul's hand is shaking... #Corrie," user @ShakyWoon went on to point out as Deb asked: "So what's wrong with Paul then #corrie." Roz Laws said: "Oh no, what's wrong with Paul? #corrie." @sparkysue shared: "#Corrie. Poor Paul has either got a brain injury or a tumour." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.