Princess Charlotte and Lady Louise Windsor are set to have very similar futures. The two younger royals have reportedly been raised to not expect to be working members of the Royal Family. It has been reported that the Prince and Princess of Wales are bringing up their only daughter with the expectation that she won't be a full-time royal. Writing in his Palace Confidential newsletter, the Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden reported that William and Kate are keen for their daughter to forge a career, in the future, away from her royal roots. He wrote that the royal couple are raising her with the "expectation that she will get a job". Despite this, there was no mention of the couple's third child, and second son, Prince Louis. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out' of Coronation as Sussexes 'still licking wounds' Like the Waleses', the Earl and Countess of Wessex are reportedly trying to bring their two children up the same way. Sophie Wessex told The Sunday Times in 2020 that she and Prince Edward hold the same expectation for their two teenage children. The couple have a 19-year-old daughter, Lady Louise and 15-year-old son, James, Viscount Severn. Speaking to The Sunday Times, Sophie said: "We try to bring them up with the understanding they are very likely to have to work for a living. Hence we made the decision not to use HRH titles. READ MORE: Meghan cartoon portrayal as 'callous and superficial' is a 'real knock on the head' "They have them and can decide to use them from 18, but I think it's highly unlikely." Speaking previously on a special episode of Palace Confidential, royal expert Katie Nicholl told host Jo Elvin that Kate and William admire the way the Wessexes have bought up their children. Ms Nicholl said: "[They] have really admired the fact that, you know, Lady Louise got a job at the gardening centre and is going off, following William to St Andrew's University." DON'T MISS Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home [LATEST]Harry and William compared to feuding Oasis brothers by Boy George [REVEAL]Harry won't have liked being accused of 'boasting' of Taliban kills [INSIGHT] She also reported on the Waleses' move to Windsor last year, adding that it is "incredibly important to them". She claims that the move would be about "anchoring and grounding them as a family".