Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has explained that 'relief' led him to perform his signature air punches in front of The Kop after Monday's 2-0 win against Everton. Klopp's side reigned supreme in the Merseyside derby, bouncing back from last weekend's thrashing at Wolves. After full-time, the German boss brought back the air punches to celebrate Liverpool's first Premier League win of 2023. And he explained that, although he didn't want to do it, likely due to the club's mid-table position, he responded to the home crowd's request. He told Sky Sports: "It was a massive relief. I didn't want to do it [the air punches], to be honest, but you never know when you are going to do it next time... "I really think whatever our crowd would've asked me tonight, I would've probably done it apart from getting rid of my clothes. "So I did it because the people asked me for it, and it felt like a massive relief." JUST IN: Real Madrid 'eye surprise move for Tottenham star Richarlison' Klopp also hailed the Anfield faithful, labelling them 'outstanding' as Liverpool ended a barren run of results in the Premier League. "The atmosphere was outstanding. I am in love with my crowd and what they did tonight," Klopp explained. It was special and extremely helpful - the boys paid it back. It was a real derby, and we played a game we wanted to play, not a game Everton wanted to. "We kept the ball, working the sides and stayed patient. We got in behind their line. I saw a real unit tonight." DON'T MISS Dyche points finger at Pickford for error as Everton lose to LiverpoolKlopp finds ideal Liverpool system as Nunez and Gakpo shine vs EvertonGary Neville slams Pickford after Liverpool goal vs Everton Liverpool are up to ninth in the Premier League, nine points behind fourth-place Newcastle United with a game in hand. The Reds face a daunting trip to the Magpies, unbeaten at St. James' Park this season, on Saturday before hosting Real Madrid at Anfield in the Champions League last 16. Klopp will hope the comfortable derby triumph will be a launching pad for the remainder of the season, with key stars slowly returning to contention. He introduced Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino from the bench in the second half, while Virgil van Dijk was an unused substitute. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here