A woman caused a stir on an online forum after sharing that her husband had lied to her about where he was. He said he was needed on a work trip two hours away but when she looked into a photo he sent, she found out it was taken 10 days ago. Her husband claimed he needed to stay an extra night on the work training trip as many of them were late arriving so they finished the training the following day.   However, when he got home and she confronted him about where he was, he admitted to using the picture from 10 days ago. In a Mumsnet post, the frustrated woman, who remained anonymous, explained: "Friday afternoon he called me to say he was late arriving as were some other people and he'd have to stay Saturday night too as they'd finish the training on Sunday. "He sent me a photo from where he supposedly was on Saturday. I did check and the location was right. Then 8am on Sunday he sent me a photo of the training course. Only it was a screenshot, no metadata attached." Metadata is the data that is carried within the photo, explains the Mirror. Such as, precise location and time the photo was taken. She said she took a second look at the metadata from the photo on Saturday and found it had been taken 10 days ago. After discovering this, she confronted him and explained: "He showed me his photos on his phone and one was a hotel lobby looking one where he said they'd got coffee.   "When I asked to look at the details the location was 30 minutes from our house in a different direction to where he said he was two+ hours away and taken at 9:30 Saturday morning. He had no explanation for that other than the phone was wrong and that was taken on Friday. He then got really cross and started shouting and one of the kids came in. I told him I just wanted an explanation."  She said their marriage has been going through a rocky period lately and she feels he could be having an affair. In response, many sympathised with her and offered advice. One person wrote: "The fact that you need to see evidence of where he is just speaks volumes." While another stated: "Whatever's going on he's not being honest and you sound beyond wanting to find out."  