Former This Morning host Fern Britton, 65, was left exclaiming “oops” after one of her 132,000 Twitter followers alerted her to an unfortunate mishap in a very candid tweet. The author, who is believed to be single following her split from ex-husband Phil Vickery, 61, in 2020, couldn’t resist declaring her love for Kevin McCloud, 63, while tuning into his hit Channel 4 series Grand Designs last night. Fern took to social media to admit she is a “little bit in love” with the television presenter, but was called out after awkwardly spelling his name wrong. The ITV star confessed: “Im a little bit in love with #KevinMcleod #GrandDesigns.(sic) “Am I at the back of the queue?” It wasn’t long before fans inundated the comments section of Fern’s admission, with one pointing out her blunder. READ MORE... Denise Welch reacts after being told she hogs Loose Women spotlight @stormabigail27 replied alongside a thinking face emoji: “Should be @Kevin_McCloud.  “Your #tag leads to a different guy…”  After realising her mistake, Fern simply responded by tweeting: “Oops ….”  Going on to correct herself, the writer tweeted in a follow-up post: “Spelling !!!! Mr K McCloud !” Fortunately, Fern was cheered up when another fan commented: “You are the only one in the queue…..”, to which she responded with a thumbs up emoji. A third fan @welshope took the opportunity to compliment Fern, gushing: “I have loved you ever since breakfast television and there is still a massive queue !!!!!” Enjoying the sweet remark, Fern responded with a cheeky wink face emoji. Sadly for Fern, Kevin is already married, tying the knot with his partner Jenny Jones last November. DON'T MISS:Amanda Holden strips down to lingerie in ageless Valentine's Day shootAnne Hegerty admits struggle to film The Chase due to Bradley WalshCarol Kirkwood wows in LBD as she reunites with ex co-star Dan Walker The couple got married five years after the Grand Designs host split from his wife of 23 years, Suzanna McCloud, with whom he has a son and daughter.  Meanwhile, Fern shocked fans when she announced her split from This Morning co-star Phil Vickery.  The former couple, who share daughter Winnie, 20, used to live together in Buckinghamshire.  Following their marriage split, Fern moved to Cornwall. At the time, Fern confirmed in a statement: "After more than 20 happy years together, Phil and I have decided to go our separate ways.  "We will always share a great friendship and lovely children. We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time.  "Thank you for your continued kindness and support.”  Fern has four children including Winnie, twins Jack and Harry, and Grace, 25, who she shares with her first husband, Clive Jones.  Addressing the split from Phil, Fern previously told the Loose Women panel: "My marriage coming to the end of the road is very sad. But we are working it all out.”