Kylian Mbappe has been trolled by Arsenal fans after he missed two penalties and an open goal in PSG's 3-1 win over Montpellier. The Frenchman was overtaken by on-loan Gunners frontman Folarin Balogun in the Ligue 1 golden boot race leading to some fans to suggest the 21-year-old 'was in his head'. Mbappe is widely considered to be one of the best players in the world but he has been unable to keep pace with Balogun's goalscoring record over the course of the season. The England U-21 international has scored 14 times in the league this season and now sits one clear of his French counterpart. Balogun had taken the lead in the goalscoring race with a hat-trick in Reims 4-2 win over Lorient with PSG's encounter with Montpellier kicking off shortly after the result had been confirmed. However, Mbappe did not enjoy himself as much in his fixture. The 24-year-old had a penalty saved in the in first 10 minutes but had an opportunity to atone after VAR deemed Montpellier goalkeeper Benjamin Lecomte to be off his line. Yet Mbappe missed again, hitting the post with the retake before blazing over with the goal at his mercy. The miss did not complete his misery either after he was forced off after 20 minutes with an apparent knee injury. Some Arsenal fans have suggested that it was the success of Balogun that affected Mbappe's actions in the opening 10 minutes. @leafricangooner summed up this belief, writing: "Balogun is in his head" in response to video of the penalty incident on Twitter. It is not yet clear the severity of Mbappe's injury however PSG staff and supporters will be left sweating with the Champions League round of 16 clash with Bayern Munich just under two weeks away. DON'T MISSChelsea's Enzo Fernandez sent bitter message from Benfica boss SchmidtChelsea may already have signed their long-term Jorginho replacementChelsea fail to get their way as 'tense' Enzo Fernandez talks held PSG boss Christophe Galtier was reluctant to speak about the injury too much after the game, telling reporters: "It's a knock on the knee and it hurts behind the thigh." The player will continue to be monitored by club medics and officials as he battles to make the Champions League knockout stages. In the meantime, Balogun will have the opportunity to extend his lead over Mbappe in the Ligue 1 golden boot race. Reims will face Auxerre on Sunday and the Englishman will fancy his chances of getting on the score sheet again following his hat-trick on Wednesday. 