The former Manchester United and Real Madrid superstar is known for his extravagant lifestyle, backed up by his performances on the pitch. Cristiano Ronaldo is known for being a petrolhead with a car collection on par or better than anyone else’s in the world. According to Forbes, the Portuguese footballer has made over $1billion (£817million) over the course of his career, investing a fraction of this money into a stunning car collection. Having won the Ballon d’Or and Champions League five times, it’s only natural that he would have expensive taste to match his illustrious career. He is known for driving extravagant cars to the training ground, including a Rolls-Royce Phantom and a Lamborghini Urus, but there are some cars which are reserved just for more special occasions, especially his collection of Bugattis. The forward, who now plays for Al-Nassr in the Saudi Pro League, is believed to have splashed the cash on an immaculate, £8.5million special edition Bugatti in 2021. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel drivers wasting £188million a year by idling The Bugatti Centodieci is an ultra-rare sports car which pays homage to the Bugatti EB110, with just 10 models made. The Centodieci - which is Italian for "110" - can go from zero to 100 km/h (62 mph) in just 2.4 seconds, with a top speed electronically limited to 380 km/h or 240 mph. In June 2022, Ronaldo had his £8.5million Bugatti Centodieci and a Mercedes-Benz SUV shipped over to Majorca for a 10-day holiday with his family. Ronaldo also took collection of a slick 1,500 PS Bugatti Chiron supercar in 2017, which is estimated to cost around $2.9million (£2.35million). DON'T MISSCar expert explains the only time 'you can ignore' some 'PCNs' [EXPERT ADVICE]UK drivers will see nearly £400 added to fuel bills in 2023 [SHOCKING]Common driving errors can 'really be a drain on your fuel' [WARNING] In 2021, it was reported that one of his bodyguards had crashed his £1.7million Bugatti Veyron, although the damage was believed to be minimal. Taking his love for the Italian supercar brand one step further, it has been rumoured that he purchased a Bugatti La Voiture Noire (“The Black Automobile” in French) - one of the most expensive cars in the world. The Noire is an $18.7million (£15.18million) hypercar which has been compared to the Batmobile. It has an eight-litre quad-turbo 16-cylinder engine and has upwards of 1,500hp in each wheel, which goes from 0-62mph in 2.4 seconds. READ MORE: ‘Easier for drivers to be caught out’ with new street restrictions However, Ronaldo doesn’t just stick to one supercar marque, with his garage filled to the brim with Aston Martins, McLarens, Lamborghinis and Ferraris, among others. In 2022, after scoring an impressive hat-trick against Tottenham in the Premier League, he treated himself to a new £200,000 Aston Martin DBS Superleggera convertible. The supercar boasts a 5.2 litre twin-turbocharged V12 engine, capable of providing a staggering 715 hp. He also owns an Aston Martin DB9. The 38-year-old also owns a McLaren Senna, an unparalleled £1.1million supercar, named after Formula 1 legend Ayrton Senna. Limited to just 500 units, the vehicles were first listed at £750,000, although the final car in the run was sold at auction for more than £1.9million. CR7 is keen to show off his vast car collection on his Instagram account to his 542 million followers. Rolls-Royce and Bentley have the honour of featuring on his social media frequently in between the pictures of his family and his countless achievements. It is estimated that his whole collection is worth £17million, without including the £15million Noire, which he may or may not own. As Cristiano Ronaldo gets started in his new football adventure in Saudi Arabia, it wouldn’t be out of the question to see his collection grow larger in no time.