Kate was featured in a new adorable video in which she met pupils at St John’s CE Primary School in Bethnal Green, London. The Princess of Wales sat down with the children, all holding their favourite teddy bears, to discuss the most important people in their lives as part of the launch of her new campaign, Shaping Us. In the two-minute-long video, Kate looked radiant in a green blouse, black trousers and heels as she stepped inside the classroom, where children happily welcomed her. The Princess of Wales sat down with the young boys and girls, all aged under five, and asked them about the sweet teddies they were holding. After learning the teddies' names, the royal said: "I should have brought my teddy with me, shouldn't I?" She added: "So, I didn't bring my teddy, but I did bring something else with me. I brought a film, to watch with you guys." Kate and the children then watched the claymation film which debuted on Tuesday morning and is set to be the symbol of her new campaign. The clip shows moments from the first five years of Layla's life. The adorable character can be seen being smothered by her parents, playing with toys, meeting new friends, going to nursery school and offering her ice cream to a boy after he dropped his own on the grounds. The film ends with Layla surrounded by her parents and loved ones as she blows out the candle on her fifth birthday cake. READ MORE: Prince Harry blasted as Duke 'snubbed' Prince William's 'kind gesture' Prince William's wife kept the children engaged throughout her visit, asking them questions related the film - including which birthday cake they last had. She also asked, referring to Layla's video: "Have any of you dropped an ice cream like that before? I have done too." The conversation also included questions about who are the most important people in the children's lives and how they have to care for them to make sure they grow up happy and healthy. Touching upon the topic of mental well-being, Kate said it is normal to have good and bad feelings. This video, which ended with Kate high-fiving the toddlers and thanking them for their hospitality, is the latest effort to promote Shaping Us, which aims at highlighting the importance of the first five years of life for the development of happy and successful adults. After attending the pre-campaign launch at BAFTA on Monday evening, Kate released a video statement on Tuesday in which she explained the focus of this initiative. She said: "Our early childhood, the time from pregnancy to the age of five, fundamentally shapes the rest of our lives. "But as a society we currently spend much more of our time and energy on later life. "Today, the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood is launching a new campaign, Shaping Us, to raise awareness of the life changing impact we can have when we build a supportive, nurturing world around children and those who care for them. "Because by focusing our collective time, energy and resources on those most preventative years, we can make a huge difference to the physical and mental health and happiness of generations to come." Hours later, she was in Leeds to discuss with locals, businessmen and university students their experiences with the early years.