Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, the Emir of Qatar, wants to buy Manchester United rather than commit a minority investment, despite also owning Paris Saint-Germain. Qatari interest has emerged as the frontrunner to take over the club from the Glazer family, but they face a major hurdle. UEFA rules state that clubs with the same owner can't face off in any competition, including the Champions League. If Qatar took control of United, it might throw up potential issues between PSG and the Old Trafford giants in Europe's premier competition. However, according to The Guardian, it won't halt Hamad al-Thani's attempt to purchase United from the Glazers this year. The driving force of Qatar's interest is aware of potential issues involving PSG but is confident they can find a solution. It will likely have to be proven that United wouldn't be administered by the same structure and personnel as PSG, who are owned by Qatar Sports Investments. The scenario could become similar to Red Bull GmbH's growing presence in European football as the ultimate proprietor of RB Salzburg and RB Leipzig. JUST IN: Tottenham 'surprised and bemused' after Guardiola calls out Levy  Both clubs have found a way around UEFA's rules and faced off in the 2018/19 Europa League group stage. QSI chairman Nasser al-Khelaifi is PSG president, but it's unlikely he would operate in the same role at United. The bid is set to come from private Qatari investors, which could be how UEFA allow a sale to go through, despite the funding stemming from the same source. The Mail report that Qatar believe their offer will be the strongest among the Red Devils' suitors, with the process progressing 'at speed'. US merchant bank Raine, hired by the Glazers to oversee the potential sale, has set a deadline of next Friday for bids to arrive. DON'T MISS Jorginho and Trossard backed to get Arsenal over line in title raceFPL injury news - Man Utd trio out, Arsenal's boost, Man City dilemmaPremier League slammed as Chelsea ripped off with Fernandez fee Interested parties have been asked to submit a one-paragraph-only offer disclosing the fee they are offering and the percentage of the club they want to buy. Proof of funds must also be attached to the offers, will five serious bidders expected in the race to buy arguably the world's biggest club. It's thought the Glazers could prioritise investment in a minority stake if their hefty £6billion valuation isn't met, but those involved in the process still expect a full-scale sale. The Qatari group are understood to be 'working around the clock' as they step up their efforts to win the race. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here