The Masked Singer is the most popular guessing game on TV and is now in the middle of its fourth season. Panellists Jonathan Ross, Rita Ora, Davina McCall and Mo Gilligan have been stumped by most of the characters so far with few correct predictions. Probably one of the most difficult to guess so far has been Fawn with her lady-like demeanor and angelic voice. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.Fawn got everyone on their feet with her rendition of Changing by Sigma, with the panellists giving her a standing ovation. But over the past few weeks, fans have been left stumped, scratching their heads at who could be behind the mask. From Jacqueline Jossa and Dannii Minogue, to LeAnn Rimes and Carol Vordeman, the celebrity panels' guesses have been all over the place. Speaking to Express.co.uk, a vocal expert has thrown a new name into the mix. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ TommyD, music producer, and co-founder of TokenTraxx, thinks it could be none other than Canadian singer-songwriter Shania Twain underneath the Fawn disguise. He explained: "I’m now hearing some country in her tone, so Tommy's curveball for the sweetest Fawn is Shania Twain. "Haven’t heard from her for a while so she might be short of a bob but seriously why not?" He jokingly added: "Maybe it wouldn’t impress her much but singing with a bloody great big mask on your head is a real talent and I bet Shania likes a challenge!" Made famous for songs including You're Still the One, Man! I Feel Like a Woman! and That Don't Impress Me Much, Shania Twain is among the biggest country singers of all time. She has sold more than 100 million records and has the title of "Queen of Country Pop". The 57-year-old has recently been making the rounds with television interviews, promoting her latest album Queen of Me. So could it really have been Shania Twain as Fawn all this time, without anyone realising?  Since Week Six, another guess has emerged, taking fans in a completely new direction. In the clue package, Fawn said she was the "joker in the pack" and said: "Have you heard about the deer who won the lottery?" Another clue prior to her performance showed her stylists dressed as an angel and a devil. So viewers are now thinking that Fawn could be a singer from the girl band All Saints. DON'T MISS...John Cleese insists 'I’m not doing Fawlty Towers with the BBC' [EXPLAINER]Ex-EastEnders and Coronation Street stars join Father Brown this week [CAST]The Masked Singer's Phoenix 'exposed' as Scottish comedian [THEORY] Taking to Twitter, one fan wrote: "Angel and Devil… Saints and Sinners, All saints album. Absolutely Natalie Appleton #MaskedSingerUK." Another said: "Saints and sinners was an All Saints record, one viewer pointed out. "It's defo an Applegate #MaskedSingerUK." While a third also pointed out: "The All Saints' very first TV appearance was the national lottery and Fawn mentioned the lottery!! #MaskedSingerUK." The Masked Singer continues every Saturday at 9pm on ITV.