The Boston Celtics have officially ‘replaced’ suspended Ime Udoka with Joe Mazzulla as the iconic NBA franchise’s head coach. Udoka was suspended by the Celtics for the entire 2022/23 NBA season after the team deemed he had violated internal regulations regarding an improper intimate relationship with a female staff member on the team. Back in September last year, the Celtics suggested Udoka’s suspension would remain in place until at least June 30, 2023 before it was revisited. The relationship was originally believed to be consensual, but the woman involved later accused the 45-year-old of making unwanted comments towards her. Udoka apologised after his suspension was revealed, with assistant coach Mazzulla assuming the role of interim head coach. Udoka had impressed as a rookie coach, leading Boston to a 51-31 record en route to the NBA Finals, where they lost in six games to the Golden State Warriors. Meanwhile, the Celtics haven’t missed a beat with Mazzulla at the helm. The 34-year-old has led Boston to the best record in the NBA as they sit atop the Eastern Conference standings with a 42-17 record - one game ahead of Giannis Antetokounmpo’s Milwaukee Bucks. READ MORE: Los Angeles Lakers' free agency plans ruined by strange NBA rule On Thursday, the Celtics announced Mazzula would remain in his role permanently, cutting ties with Udoka. A press release read: “The Boston Celtics have named Joe Mazzulla the 19th head coach in franchise history and have agreed upon a contract extension with him, the team announced today. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Mazzulla replaces Ime Udoka.” Within the statement, Celtics President of Basketball Operations Brad Stevens heaped praise on Mazzulla and said: “As he has shown, Joe is a very talented coach and leader. He has a unique ability to galvanise a room around a mission. “We are thankful for the work he has done to help get us to this point, and excited that he has agreed to lead us into the future.” DON'T MISSMichael Jordan speaks out after LeBron James breaks NBA recordIrving hits out at Brooklyn Nets as Durant seals Phoenix Suns tradeLos Angeles Lakers in talks for monster trade to answer James demand Mazzulla was named NBA Eastern Conference Coach of the Month in October and November as he led the Celtics to a league-best 18-4 record. As a result of his success this term, he was named an NBA All-Star head coach last month and will coach Team Giannis in Salt Lake City this weekend. Mazzulla - who is reportedly a favourite of Boston superstar Jayson Tatum - will become only the third rookie head coach in the last 24 years to lead an All-Star team. He is the eighth head coach in Celtics history to coach in the All-Star Game. Mazzulla’s Celtics are next in action against the Indiana Pacers on Thursday night. The 26-34 Pacers sit 12th in the Eastern Conference.