Miracle and Charles Pogue met each other back in 2019 when Miracle was working in a launderette and Charles was a customer. Charles is a retired real estate agent while Miracle now works as a nurse. The couple got engaged in 2020 and tied the knot last year. This year, they want to start a family. Miracle said her mother, Tamika, 45, and granfather, Joe, 72, were supportive of her marriage to Charles from the start. But her father, Kareem, 47, was harder to convince. The 24-year-old went on to explain how she met Charles and how she became attracted to him. "Charles used to bring in one item of clothing and only wanted me to serve him," she said. "One day he waltzed in there and threw a piece of paper down and said 'write down your number' like he's a player. He was my knight in shining armour. "We had a good vibe going, he didn't make me feel weird. It was good conversation, he made me feel comfortable. I knew he was older but I didn't know his age exactly. "When I found out I was in too deep, it was a couple of months in and I already had feelings for him. He was my baby and he wasn't going anywhere. "I found out in conversation when we asked each other our date of birth and he said he was born in 1937. "I never even placed his age, we just wanted to see how it went. I don't care if he's 100 or 55, I like him for him. I thought he was maybe 60 or 70 because he looks so good. He's always up and active. "My granddad said if I was happy and it's what I want to do then he's happy. My dad was like, 'hell no ma'am, not at all'. DON'T MISS:February horoscope for the month ahead - check your astrology forecast [INSIGHT]Woman elopes with stepdad & asks the internet how to tell her mother [VIDEO]Woman, 40, who 'looks in her 20s' on the haircare mistake ageing hair [COMMENT] "It took a lot of time to convince him but I asked him if he wanted to lose his daughter forever. If he didn't come to my wedding, he would have lost me forever. "I told him I needed his support and to walk me down the aisle. Once he got to meet Charles and talk to him, he loved him." Charles shared what he liked about Miracle, saying "she has a lot going on for her". The 85-year-old continued: "The wedding day was wonderful, it was the best day of my life. There’s no problem with the age difference.  "People making comments online doesn’t make a difference, we just let them do their thing. We’re very happy together. We’re looking forward to starting a family together." Miracle explained that they are "looking to fo to an IVF clinic to talk about our options". She said: "We went to an IVF clinic before but we really felt the pre-judgment even though they don't know me and it was quite overwhelming. "Now I'm forgetting it as long as they give me my baby. Maybe Charles' age will stop us from having children but I have an open mind, it may not work." Miracle noted that Charles' age means he worries about illnesses and even death. "We prepare for things and he says he might not be here in five years," she said. "I tell him he will and he'll outlive us all. "I know realistically I'll be around longer than him so I try to live and have fun and experience as much as I can with him. We try to live it up." The 24-year-old added that another difficult aspect of her relationship with Charles is the hate the pair receive online. She said: "I get backlash from people who don't know me or love me, they just call it as they see it. I posted my man online and it blew further than I could even imagine. "People were saying I'm using Charles, he doesn't know what's going on and saying I should be ashamed. Of course, people mention finances, but I'm a nurse. I was starting medical school when I met him. I will be well off with or without Charles, it's a choice to be with him and it makes me feel good that he chooses me. "It's so crazy that people come after me, he's the older one. He's with me of his own free will, he chose me." But there is a positive side to social media too - Miracle's story has made others in the same situation feel seen. "I have a lot of followers who are pro me and Charles. People say we look so good. People share their stories about their older men and say I make them feel comfortable in their skin," she said.