Rhod Gilbert 54, was diagnosed with stage four cancer in 2022 and explained in his video message, the news "p***ed him off". The comedian has been receiving treatment at the Cardiff cancer centre where he is a patron for and has raised money for in the past. Speaking in a video message shown at the National Comedy Awards on Friday, Rhod recalled the first time a lump "popped up on my neck". He said: "I've led five fundraising treks all over the world, I do stand-up comedy nights to raise money, I hosted quizzes. "it's been a big part of my life for the last 10 years, so imagine my surprise when I was diagnosed with cancer. "Which p***ed me off no end, because I thought I'd have life-long immunity! Apparently not. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain "Apparently you're just as likely to get cancer even if you spend your time fundraising for a cancer hospital. "Anyway, I did get it, and it turns out it can come for anybody." Rhod continued: "The other irony is that I was in Cuba on a trek, fundraising for this cancer centre when the first b****y lump popped up in my neck. "I literally left as a patron and came back as a patient." He said he feels "really positive" about his road to recovery, laughing: "I had to have chemotherapy sessions in a room with pictures of me on the way in, grinning down at myself as a patron." Rhod went on to add his facial hair is returning and his voice is "back to normal". "My weight is coming back, my saliva glands are starting to come back," he shared. "Basically, I'm coming back. My physically recovery goal is to lead the next fundraising trek to Morocco. DON'T MISS...Rhod Gilbert thanks fans for 'patience' amid stage four cancer battle [LATEST]Rhod Gilbert talks finding 'humour' in stage 4 cancer battle [INSIGHT]Rhod Gilbert's wife heads to A&E amid comic's stage four cancer battle [PICTURES] "I'm feeling optimistic and weirdly I'm feeling really happy and really positive." Those watching the awards broadcast on Channel 4 took to Twitter to send support to the comedian. "Bloody #rhodgilbert couldn’t just have cancer, no he had to have bloody head and neck cancer. I hope you’re proud of yourself #rhodgilbert," SierraVierra posted. Sarah Jay tweeted: "God, I love Rhod Gilbert. Glad, and relieved, to hear he’s trending cos he’s doing well. Sending him love, and wishing him a full recover." @gingerwarriorxo added: "So good to see Rhod Gilbert recovering and feeling good. He's a fantastic comic and a lovely person and we're so lucky to have him <3 nationalcomedyawards="" p=""> Dianne Gray shared: #RhodGilbert Everyone who you've helped get through tough times by making them laugh. We sending prays and love to you, wish you a speedy recovery." Amanda Jenkins tweeted: "Rhod Gilbert is my joint favourite comedian with @RealBobMortimer.Great to see him looking so well and talking so eloquently about his diagnosis and treatment. PS. If you've never seen his duvet rant you're missing out." National Comedy Awards are available to catch up on All4 now.  