State pensioners will be delighted to hear they will secure the largest ever boost to the state pension from April 2023. This is due to the return of the triple lock, a long-standing policy which was temporarily frozen last year. The triple lock sees the state pension rise each year by whichever is the highest of 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. However, the measure was temporarily ditched in favour of a 3.1 percent double lock last year, due to warped earnings data as a result of COVID-19, and perceived lack of affordability. With the return of the triple lock come April, pensioners are set to receive the highest ever increase in payments. In line with September 2022’s CPI inflation figure, the state pension will increase by 10.1 percent. This is the case for both the old, basic state pension and the new state pension. READ MORE: BoE blows £200bn with its ‘magical money mechanism’ The full new state pension will rise from £185.15 per week to £203.85 per week. This means those on the full new state pension can expect to receive approximately £10,600 a year. Some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. DON'T MISSPensioners warned many are ‘in the dark’ about £3,500 income boost [INSIGHT]Halifax to shut 18 branches in 2023 [UPDATE]Pensioners urge axing of frozen pension to help 500,000 Britons [LATEST] The full basic state pension will rise from £141.85 to £156.20 weekly. It means those on the full old state pension will receive roughly £8,122 per year. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed the 10.1 percent increase in his Autumn Statement in November 2022. Mr Hunt said: “In April, the state pension will increase in line with inflation, an £870 increase which represents the biggest ever cash increase in the state pension. READ MORE: Nationwide offering 4% savings interest rate “To the millions of pensioners who will benefit from this measure I say – now and always, this Government is on your side.” The Chancellor explained the triple lock would return as the cost of living is hitting older people hard. The state pension is not the only form of support rising by 10.1 percent, it is worth noting. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Pension Credit, a benefit designed for low income pensioners, will also get a 10.1 percent boost. Aside from this, pensioners are likely to be entitled to further support. For example, over eight million pensioners are set to receive £300 this year as part of renewed efforts by the Government to help people with their energy bills. There are also so-called “freebie” benefits available, such as a free bus pass and free prescriptions.