Born in 1995, Lady Amelia is the granddaughter of Prince Edward, the Duke of Kent, and is 42nd in line for the throne. She was named "the most beautiful royal" by Tatler in 2015. Kate, meanwhile, is 41 years old and entered the Royal Family through marriage in 2011. At 27 years old, Lady Amelia Windsor is almost 15 years younger than Kate, but it does not stop her from following trends that Kate may have followed - or been influenced by - growing up in the 1980s and 1990s. One example of a trend both women have been seen wearing in recent years is the shearling jacket trend. These jackets were popular in the 1970s and have not seemed to have gone out of fashion. Lady Amelia has photos of herself in the jacket on her Instagram, and she was spotted donning it yesterday, February 7, while out shopping in West London. Amelia's jacket was cropped and made of black leather with a cream, shearling lining. READ MORE: Prince William’s astrology chart ‘speaks volumes’ about his future Costing a whopping £1,575, the jacket was by iconic French designer Longchamp. The 27-year-old paired it with straight leg white jeans, a lime green zip-up jumper, and black trainers. She completed the look with a pair of tortoiseshell sunglasses and a cross-body black and gold bag. The royal was seen out and about in the Notting Hill area, not far from the flat in which she lives with her older sister Lady Marina. Although sold out at Longchamp, there are similar versions to Amelia's jacket currently on sale in various high street and designer shops. The same goes for Kate's jacket, which is also shearling.  The Princess of Wales' jacket has a brown, suede exterior and a black shearling lining. It is cropped like Lady Amelia's jacket, and has a wide collar. Costing a huge £795, the coat is called the "Darwin" Shearling Coat in Chocolate Brown by L.K. Bennett. Its description on the designer's website read: "This 100 percent sheepskin jacket is part of the LK Bennett Signature Collection and has a full collar and cuffs with exposed shearling." READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie are like 'town-based socialites' claims expert Kate was last seen wearing the jacket in a short film, where she is seen roaming in the countryside alongside radio presenter Roman Kemp. The clip was filmed in support of the Shaping Us campaign at an undisclosed location in Hertfordshire last month. The Princess launched her Shaping Us initiative last week - an ambitious campaign described as her "life's work" and aimed at raising the profile of the early years' development of children. Kate and Roman discussed the importance of mental well-being and relationships, and how by nurturing children in the earliest years of their life, society can help build a community of healthy, happy adults. Underneath her jacket, Kate wore a cream polo neck jumper and a pair of slim, black jeans to film the clip. She was also wearing a pair of black boots and black gloves. Meanwhile, Roman donned a Barbour jacket. Kate is known for being environmentally conscious when it comes to fashion, and so it would come as no surprise to some royal fans that the shearling jacket was an old garment from the Princess' wardrobe. The mum-of-three wore the L.K.Bennett number back in 2011 - she was pictured in it while walking alongside Prince Harry at Sandringham, Norfolk.