Sex offenders must be banned from changing their names to escape their pasts, MPs will urge this week. Bolsover MP Mark Fletcher wants to stop rapists and paedophiles taking on new identities and preying again on vulnerable people. He will seek to change the law so vile criminals cannot hide their past and ever work with children or in care homes. Child killer Ian Huntley, who murdered Soham schoolgirls Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman in 2002, had been able to secure his job as a school caretaker after changing his name to Ian Nixon. A check on the police national computer was carried out under his new name and failed to pick up a previous burglary charge. Rules around background checks have been overhauled since the Soham murders but Mr Fletcher will warn MPs on Wednesday that sex offenders can still get through the system by changing their names. The Tory MP said: “There are ways you can, under your new identity, obtain a passport or driver’s licence, and through that go on to get a clean DBS check, which is absolutely ludicrous. If you’re on the sex offenders’ register you should lose the right to change your name.” Emily Konstantas, chief executive of the Safeguarding Alliance, also warned that sex offenders are able to “pass under the statutory radar of all authorities”. She said: “In effect, they are evading justice and making a complete mockery of the legal system. Due to the name change loophole, the effectiveness of the sex offenders’ register, the child sex offender disclosure scheme, the domestic violence ­disclosure scheme and the disclosure and barring service are being ­rendered redundant.” Mr Fletcher’s bid to tighten the law comes a day before Labour MP Sarah Champion will also push for greater safeguards in a Commons debate she has secured. She said: “What I want is a risk assessment done of every sex offender who is looking to change their name while on the register.” Ms Champion does not favour a blanket ban on name changes, as she envisages situations where people on the register are “terrorised”. However, she wants action so that many more offenders will have their status flagged up on their passports and driving licences. She said: “About 7,000 registered sex offenders drop off the list every year. They have changed their name, changed their passport...obtain a clean DBS check, and they end up in schools or care homes and are found because they reoffend.” A Home Office spokeswoman said: “Public protection is a priority for this government.”