 Below Deck returned to Bravo with another episode of Captain Sandy Yawn leading the crew on St David, following Captain Lee Rosbach’s exit. However, as tensions amongst the interior team growing, fans took to Twitter to call for Sandy to be sacked.    Monday’s episode of Below Deck picked up after Sandy’s stern confrontation with the interior team. The Captain claimed Fraser and the stews Tyler Walker and Alissa Humber were slacking on their job and not working hard enough to cater to their demanding guests. As she gave Fraser a stern talking to, Sandy angered viewers for not giving the chief stew a chance to speak. Whenever he attempted to defend his team, Sandy told Fraser to “stop talking.” READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments   Speaking to the cameras, Fraser seethed: “I don’t know what’s worse, her telling me to stop speaking or to tell me that my crew aren’t doing any work.” He added: “I know we’re doing work. I’m in actual shock.” Sandy defended herself and explained why she demanded respect from the crew, stating: “I have a lot of experience, I’ve been doing this for over 30 years. “I expect my crew to respect the positions and their leaders, you must respect the chain of command.    “It’s important to be there for Captain Lee, but Alissa and Fraser having absolutely no regard for authority is very frustrating.” While Fraser internalised his frustrations, Alissa let out her anger and criticised Sandy’s leadership, all of which the Captain overheard. Sandy didn’t hold back and told the stew: “Alissa, when you said, ‘Yes, Sandy, I mean Captain,' that was the f**k you in my face. “No matter what job you work in, respect for hierarchy is a must. I’m letting you go.” DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters’ Amy and Tammy ‘fighting for more money’ [INSIGHT]Below Deck Adventure’s Faye pays tribute to Captain Kerry Titheradge [INSIGHT]Below Deck Adventure's Faye Clark hits back after makeup backlash [INTERVIEW]   Alissa thanked the Captain, and as Ross Inia escorted her off the boat, she told her team members she was fired for “literally nothing.” Viewers took to Twitter in shock as they slammed Captain Sandy and called for her to be fired from the reality show. @SamMatt44 tweeted: “@CaptSandyYawn is a f*****g joke. That's why Captain Lee hasn't said one word in defence of her grossly unprofessional behaviour over the last few weeks.” A fuming @Bernade85357791 added: “Sandy needs to be fired."    @BritishCaren stated: “Sandy created this negative atmosphere and tried to shift the blame.” A fourth viewer added: “Good riddance, @CaptSandyYawn. Can't wait for Captain Lee's return.” However, despite the backlash, Sandy received other fans took to Twitter in her defence. This included @Lovinmesome_nae who asked: “Are we watching the same show?” While @MomFanBklynNY fumed: “DID U NOT SEE OR HEAR HOW DISRESPECTFUL THAT CHICK WAS!” Below Deck season 10 continues Mondays on Bravo in the US and Hayu in the UK. 