While fans are itching for the arrival of Outlander’s seventh season, which is set to premiere on Starz in the summer of 2023, viewers can catch one of the show's favourite stars, Mark Lewis Jones in another hit show. It has been announced that Jones will be a star guest in the BBC’s dark comedy show, The Cleaner.    Greg Davies is back with his dark comedy sitcom, The Cleaner, and it is set to feature some of the biggest names in showbiz. The BBC one comedy is set to return later this year, with crime scene cleaner Paul “Wicky” Wickstead (played by Davies), finding himself in the midst of some troubling crime cases. Fans will follow Wicky through his journey, as he digs way too deep into the lives of the individuals he meets along the way in the theatres, stately homes and stores he’s meant to be cleaning with his heavy-duty chemicals. In this series, the likes of John Macmillan from Game of Thrones, Zoe Wanamaker from Doctor Who, Asim Chaudhry of People Just Do Nothing fame, Alex Lawther from Star Wars: Andor and many other familiar faces will appear. READ MORE: BBC ageism row 'brewing' as top presenters axed ahead of merger Greg Davies is “thrilled” to see the return of the government-certified cleaning technician, Wicky, attempting to dispel any signs of death from previous crime scenes. The writer said: “I’m so thrilled that Wicky is back for another round of clean ups and delighted that he is doing so on BBC One. "The cast for this series are brilliant and that there are so many distinguished actors amongst them leads me to believe that the BBC have secrets that they are using as leverage." The actor expressed his gratitude by saying: “Me, the writing and production teams are very grateful for this support." Amongst other star-studded guests, Outlander star Mark Lewis Jones is set to showcase his acting skills in the upcoming dark comedy. After his debut in season six of the historical drama Outlander, Jones has earned praise from show bosses after delivering a variety of emotional performances throughout his time on the show. Jones’ arrival as Tom Christie symbolised change for the cast as his history with Jamie Fraser at Ardsmuir Prison stirred up trouble. The pair did not see eye to eye after the battle of Culloden, where things got heated between the pair. Previously, the Protestant character supported the crown, while Jamie was seen leading a group of Catholic prisoners who supported the Jacobite rebellion. DON'T MISS:Outlander star Paul Gorman has opened up about playing both twins Outlander fans fear heartbreaking loss for Claire and Jamie after snapPower Book 2 stars spark frenzy with season 4 first-look Speaking about his role, Mark revealed how Tom will add a whole new dynamic to the series that the other characters won’t expect. He said: “Tom represents a change to the status quo.” adding: “I think the Christies bring in a whole new force that disrupts and creates a lot of good drama." Jones delighted the show's bosses with his portrayal receiving words of praise from executive producer Matthew B Roberts. The TV writer was not shy to express his adoration for the Welsh actor during an interview with The Official Outlander Podcast, saying: “Mark brings that dynamic tune with Tom Christie.”   Jones has starred in many popular items from First Order Captain in Star Wars: The Last Jedi, to a police inspector in the BBC drama series 55 Degrees North. The BBC Commissioning Editor Ben Caudell announced: "It’s fantastic to see such a compelling line-up of guest stars in this new second series of The Cleaner. "Each creating a unique comic character to lock horns and spar with Greg as Wicky. Every episode is a terrific TV treat." Outlander season 7 premieres on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ in the UK in the summer of 2023. A release date for The Cleaner season 2 is yet to be announced.  