Gabby Logan’s husband, Kenny, opened up on intimacy after battling prostate cancer and how he deals with erectile dysfunction. Recently, after treatment and having his prostate removed, he made a full recovery and was given the all clear by the doctor. Now, the former Scotland rugby star has candidly revealed he is “quite open" to talk about the effects the condition and recovery process have had on his sex life. He said: "Whether it be my dyslexia, my relationship, IVF, we've always been quite open. “So, I was quite happy to talk about erectile dysfunction and all these other things because I was like, 'It is a symptom'. "Six months on, I would say I'm physically 100 per cent, mentally 100 per cent, feel good. “From a sexual point of view, it's not consistent. As the surgeon said to me, this could take 18 months.” In a new interview with The Telegraph, the sporting star added: “Within a month, I was getting movement, where he says, 'That's amazing'. So it's just not as consistent. “The beauty is you can take a tablet and it changes things." Kenny was diagnosed with prostate cancer in February 2022, with Gabby tearfully speaking out on how the diagnosis affected her back in December. The TV presenter revealed that watching her husband battle prostate cancer was “horrible”. Speaking on the podcast A Diary of a CEO, Gabby recalled the tough times the couple shared when he was treated for the disease. Describing how she had been his “rock” Gabby claimed that the battle had made them “stronger”. Breaking down she told host Steven Bartlett what it was like when Kenny was first given the devastating diagnosis. DON'T MISS...Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys [LATEST]Pregnant Gemma Atkinson lifts weights in gym despite growing baby bump [PICTURES]Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old [DEBATE] She said: “He was really upset as you can imagine and I just thought, 'Right no, this is going to be absolutely fine, what are we going to do? What are the answers here?'" Gabby also recalled the support they received from the healthcare officials who treated him. She continued: "His neurologist was brilliant, he's a brilliant communicator and told us what the options were. "I was like, (to Kenny) 'We've just to get a plan together, you need to know what you're doing and then we will keep being positive about it'." The couple were naturally in shock when Kenny was given the news but they decided to focus on it as a “project”. She also described what Kenny had to endure when he went for treatment, which included six stab wounds in his torso. Adding: "It's horrible to see him in the pain he was in afterwards. “It's a horrible thing to go through but he's doing really really well now."