I was struck by that and desperately wanted Bradby to ask him why... but he didn’t. A shame, because intellectually Harry seems unaware of how much he’s undermined the institution he rails against but professes to believe in. Nor does he have the capacity to understand that every complaint he's made about his family's behaviour, his own hierarchically inferior (spare) position, even the "hateful" way the royals deal with the press are just inevitable facts of life in a hereditary monarchy. So, given his resentment, and total inability to comprehend what is constitutionally required of him, attending his father's Coronation would be complete nonsense. Of course, Charles wants his son there, but this isn't a family wedding. It's a serious state occasion deserving respect, and Harry has forfeited his right to be present. Every time the camera focuses on his discontented face we'll be wondering what's going on in that jealous, bitter mind. Who needs it on what should be a joyous day, celebrating Britain as well as the monarchy? Charles is said to have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to persuade his prodigal son to return by offering fatted calves, such as privileged seating and assurances that his title is safe. Why bother? We don't want the "incredible sulk" back in any official capacity at all.   Still, if Justin Welby is determined to bring Harry back into the fold, here's an idea. Remember how Meghan gleefully told Oprah Winfrey that the Archbishop married them in secret, days before the official ceremony (thereby making fools of all of us who had watched and paid for the big one)? Well, this time he could promise them a secret Coronation. Just him, Harry, Meghan and a Netflix crew sneaking into the abbey at midnight, plus a stealthily borrowed crown and a tiara for Meghan. Then back to Montecito and a swiftly arranged Oprah TV special to reveal King Harry and Queen Meg to a fawning American public. Fake news, but I bet they'd believe it.  The lovely John Nettles once told us he quit his long-running and hugely successful show Bergerac because the quality of the scripts had declined so much he wasn't enjoying it any more. I guess he got out of Midsomer Murders just in time then because this once much-loved show is now so bad it's risible. Russell T Davies, the genius showrunner who revived Dr Who with David Tennant and Billie Piper (the best and sexiest doctor and companion in its illustrious history), now says most new TV scriptwriters are "rubbish" because they don't love the medium and simply want to use it as a vehicle for their own social agendas. He's right. Thank God then for passionate writers such as Russell, and Sally Wainwright who created the incomparable Happy Valley. Viewers know class when they see it. They also know when a show they loved has lost the plot. Silent Witness, your time is up. Rita Moreno, 91, Jane Fonda, 85, Lily Tomlin, 83, and Sally Field, 76, star in a new film about a group of widows who set off on a road trip to see their sporting hero, Tom Brady, at the 2017 Super Bowl. Four fabulous movie stars with a combined age of 335 and no intention of retiring. Moreno, the eldest, says she sometimes looks at a mirror and goes: "Yikes, who's that old lady? But then I'll put on some make-up and I'm absolutely amazing." Attagirl!