The Pirates of the Caribbean fandom has been left in the dark for years, at this point. The last movie set in Disney's swashbuckling universe - Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge - was released in 2017, and saw the surprising comeback of not only Will Turner, but Elizabeth Swann, as well. It also marked the final time Johnny Depp played Captain Jack Sparrow. But now, Orlando Bloom reckons he'd like to make a comeback as Will Turner. Bloom is busy promoting season two of Amazon's Prime Video series Carnival Row. The series' second outing is also its last, so Bloom was quizzed on what other series he would like to make a comeback to. "I think Will," he told Parade. "I mean Will's so great. I wouldn't mind seeing what Will looked like today in some ways." Fans will recall that - despite the fact Will was an all-around good guy - he found himself trapped under the sea for ten years at a time after being cursed with Davy Jones' ailment. "He was such this earnest guy," Bloom continued. "But after rumbling around the bottom of the ocean for as long as he would have done at this point, it'd be interesting to see how he surfaces and what he's like." Bloom also referenced another series he made a comeback to years after it came to an end: The Lord of the Rings. The British star played the skilled Elf Legolas in the Peter Jackson trilogy, before making a comeback for The Hobbit. He recalled: "Oh gosh, you know, I did get to go back and play Legolas in The Hobbit, which was ten years later. I was like: 'This is a lot of fun!' Because he's such a great space to be in." While Bloom sounds like he would certainly return to the Pirates of the Caribbean series as Will Turner, the jury is still out on whether Depp will get another chance. DON'T MISS...The Office star Mackenzie Crook begs for help to find missing relative [NEWS]Johnny Depp and Jeff Beck fought 'plagiarism' claims after new album [INFO]Johnny Depp endured heartbreaking split from 'love of his life' [INSIGHT] Depp was dropped from the series following domestic violence allegations made against him by his ex-wife, Amber Heard. Since then, no new Pirates of the Caribbean projects have been announced with Depp at the helm. There has been, however, information about the future of the franchise from executive producer Jerry Bruckheimer. Bruckheimer recently said of Depp's future in the series: "I would love to have him in the movie. He’s a friend, a terrific actor, and it’s unfortunate that personal lives creep into everything we do." While not a concrete answer, it certainly doesn't sound good for the Edward Scissorhands actor. Meanwhile, Margot Robbie was due to star in her own Pirates movie, but she recently opened up that it had been "scrapped". Bruckheimer later came out to add: "I think that that script will come forward at a certain point. We developed two different stories for ‘Pirates’ and the other one’s going forward first, so that’s what we’re working on, to try to get that one made." SOURCE