As women get older their skin changes and it no longer looks plump and youthful. Express.co.uk spoke to Sarah Carr, expert facialist for Liz Earle Beauty Co about how someone can reverse signs of ageing, and it doesn’t involve expensive products or invasive procedures. Sarah explained the areas of the face that show signs of ageing the most: “We all age differently based on genes and lifestyle. The places we generally see the first signs of ageing are the eyes, neck, jowls and jawline. The skin is thinner in these areas, has less sebaceous glands and shows the loss of collagen.” Anyone looking to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles should “keep the skin hydrated” as this will “help soften the appearance of fine lines”. Sarah added: “Using targeted skincare products that are designed for the area concern will also help. “Tackling the ageing process is something that takes more than just product. Reviewing your diet and lifestyle can really help too, especially in areas of stress and lack of sleep can have a huge impact on the skin. READ MORE: Hairstylist on the best hair colours that create a 'younger look' “A combination of acids and retinol is the skincare dream team and uses SPF to reduce further damage. “Makeup can be a great confidence boost here too, using creamy and hydrating texture can help to even skin tone add a little colour too.” When it comes to what products to use to improve the skin, Sarah said “cleansing, toning and moisturising create the foundation of a skincare routine”. “Adding your specialist treatments into your routine help you to personalise and target the areas you feel need more help: Hydrating masks to add moisture, SPF to protect, Vitamin C to brighten, eye creams to target ageing around the eyes, exfoliating treatments help boost the skin's turnover, which slows down as we age, and retinol work by improving collagen production and promoting cell turnover.” DON'T MISS...Best of Aldi Specialbuys and Lidl’s middle aisle offers this week [FULL LIST]Kate subtle fashion changes since becoming Princess spotted [STYLE]Weetabix vs supermarket own wheat bisks compared in a taste test [COMMENT] Sarah also said it’s important to “focus on an at-home routine”, and she suggests “keeping it simple” because “the biggest mistakes people make is overcomplicating routines and using too many products”. Anyone unsure about using the right products for their skin or concerns should seek advice. The expert added: “Work on creating at-home rituals that incorporate nourishing foods and healthy sleep patterns to help reduce stress. Facial massage is my go-to for relaxing the muscles, boosting circulation and giving a lift!” Liz Earle recently launched Smooth & Glow Exfoliating Tonic which can be used by “anyone, of any age group, who wishes to incorporate exfoliation into their skincare routine, and can even be used on sensitive skin”. READ MORE: Five anti-ageing hairstyles women 50+ should have to look younger Sarah revealed the ingredients in the tonic that help smooth the skin and leave it glowing: “Natural exfoliation comes from prickly pear, which is a great natural alternative to glycolic acid and is a powerful brightening exfoliant. There’s also acerola cherry which is bursting with fast-acting, brightening vitamin C.” As for how long it takes to see results, she said: “You’ll see instant results and reveal ultra-smooth, glowing skin in just 30 seconds with the Exfoliating Tonic. 90 percent of the women who tested the product agreed they saw smoother skin after just one use.*” In terms of when to use the tonic in a skincare routine, the expert said: “You’ll want to use a toner after your cleanser and before you moisturise. "When all three products in the Glow Collection are layered in your beauty routine, skin receives an instant glow boost and long-term benefits for a glowing complexion, without compromise.” To apply, “twist up the cap and pour a generous amount onto a reusable cotton pad and sweep over your face and neck. Use as part of your morning and evening skincare routine”. As for what customers say about the Exfoliating Tonic, 213 reviews have been left online and the product has been given an average 4.8 out of five stars. One review read: “I've used this for the first time this morning and already I've noticed a visible difference in my skin. It's definitely more dewy with just one use.” “Received a sample of this and instantly love it. With first use I noticed the glow and smoothness in my skin. Makes my skin younger with every use. I really enjoy using this product,” a second said. A third wrote: “I was sceptical that a lotion would exfoliate but yes, it does. My 74 year old skin does look much brighter.” “Lovely product. Would definitely recommend. Instant improvement,” one review read. Liz Earle’s Revitalise & Glow Illuminating Moisturiser “evens the appearance of skin tone helps support surface cell turnover and leaves skin feeling smooth and supple”. Sarah said, “it’s powered by ingredients expertly selected for their efficacy, including prickly pear (nature’s powerful brightening exfoliant), acerola cherry and sea buckthorn, which is high in antioxidants and Vitamin A to protect your skin throughout the day”. “Your skin will appear more radiant after a single use, and you’ll see brighter skin after two weeks,” she added. *consumer trial on 113 women