Neymar has sparked concern among Paris Saint-Germain fans as he was stretchered off during their epic comeback win over Lille on Sunday. The Brazilian appeared to roll his ankle, making him a significant doubt for their Champions League second-leg clash with Bayern Munich next month. With a whopping 24 goal contributions in 20 Ligue 1 games, Neymar has been one of PSG's standout performers this term as they attempt to hold off the Ligue 1 challenge of Marseille. His hot streak continued with a rebound goal to put the Parisians two up at home to Lille following Kylian Mbappe's superb opener. Neither side was to know of the twists and turns that lay ahead, with Bafode Diakite pulling one back for the visitors in the first half. Before the late flurry of goals, Neymar appeared to twist his ankle on the halfway line after landing awkwardly. The 31-year-old made a brief attempt to walk off the injury but immediately realised that he needed a stretcher to leave the field. DON'T MISS: Chelsea star Azpilicueta 'went unconscious' and now in hospital Neymar was emotional while being carried off as he faces the prospect of missing a series of important games. A visit to title-chasing Marseille is pencilled in for next Sunday, before a home tie with Nantes and a trip to Bayern Munich on March 8. PSG are already one goal down on aggregate after a winner from their former player, Kingsley Coman, last week. The Champions League round-of-16 first-leg defeat on Tuesday was their third in a row in all competitions - an unfortunate feat that the club had managed to avoid for 12 years. READ MORE...Football news LIVE - Man Utd team news, Chelsea make Potter decisionChelsea shown what they're missing in painful Southampton defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful' It very nearly became four in a row on Sunday as Lille came racing out of the blocks in the second half to overturn the deficit and go 3-2 up, thanks to goals from Jonathan David and Jonathan Bamba. The drama wasn't done there, however, as Kylian Mbappe pulled PSG level in the 87th minute before the game reached its crescendo. Lionel Messi, winner of seven Ballon d'Ors, stepped up to convert a trademark free-kick in the 95th minute to complete a confidence-boosting comeback. Manager Christophe Galtier will now wait patiently to discover whether Neymar's injury will leave a bitter taste in his mouth.  Many felt as though his future with PSG could be in doubt as the clock ticked down towards a fourth successive defeat, particularly as Thomas Tuchel is linked with a sensational return to the French capital. However, after the final whistle against Lille, Galtier explained: "If I was afraid for my future at 3-2? A PSG coach who loses 4 games in a row, obviously he is in trouble. What I can tell you is that I have the permanent support of the sports management and my president."