Small firms across the UK have expressed their apprehensions about the hiked interest rates by the Bank of England last week. The Bank of England has raised the interest rates for the tenth time in a row, making it difficult for the business to survive in the current economic climate.  Interest rates were raised to 4 percent from 3.5 percent, their highest level in over 14 years in a bid to tackle the soaring cost of living. Inflation, the rate at which prices rise, remains close to its highest level for 40 years - more than five times what it should be. John Spencer, director of GPS Marine spoke to Express.co.uk about the spiraling impact of the new decision.   He told Express.co.uk: “The borrowing costs have doubled compared with last year. “Our borrowing costs decrease monthly as we repay debt, but we expect our borrowing costs this year to increase by £140,000 in comparison with the costs associated with same level of debt at last year’s rate. “Our confidence is on the floor in this grey economic situation. “The main issue here is that interest rates are increasing rapidly. Businesses have not invested much over the last few years. “This is a very unpleasant experience for us. Debt-serving cost has gone up by 100 percent. READ MORE: Britain’s financial shame as greedy banks blasted  “Last year, we invested over £3million while this year we are pulling out the investment plan. “The rise in interest rates is definitely going to affect our business.” While making the announcement last week, Bank governor Andrew Bailey said inflation now appears to be falling, but warned there are still “big risks out there” which could continue to have an impact on the economy. However, Mr Spencer believes that the coming year will be “difficult” for his business. DON'T MISS:Question Time audience member snaps at Labour MP [INSIGHT]Man shot dead in south London as murder investigation launched [SPOTLIGHT]Witness tells Nicola Bulley police of 'suspicious' van in area [REVEAL] “Looking at the current scenario, I believe that it’s going to be a difficult market for our business as we deal with infrastructure projects. “I would be delighted if instead of trying to use interest rates to deal with tight labour supply, the Government would increase labour supply by allowing more workers from the EU and elsewhere to enter the UK on short-term working visas.” Small firms are now hoping that the inflation peak is passed. Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) National Chair Martin McTague said: “Small businesses are hoping against hope that the rise in the base rate will signal a turning point in the Bank of England’s battle to bring inflation under control. “Small business cost increases have run considerably above the headline rate, and these must be brought down. “That said, the higher rates announced have come with consequences. “The last time the rate was higher was 2008, when inflation was running at around half its current level. With the rising prices of inputs of all kinds, most notably energy, having greatly restricted small businesses’ financial headroom, to then have the cost of debt go up too is a double blow.” 