Leeds United confirmed the sacking of Jesse Marsch on Monday due to the Premier League club teetering dangerously above the relegation zone. But the American coach is already in the running for a new job, back where is coaching career began back in 2010. Marsch may have been unable to fulfil his Premier League ambitions with Leeds United, but he could arguably land an even more exciting role just days after his sacking. The USMNT are still looking for a new head coach after Gregg Berhalter's contract expired, and according to insider Tom Bogert, Marsch is a 'real possibility' for the vacant role. It's a role that Marsch would surely take due to the attractiveness of the proposition, and Philadelphia Union boss Jim Curtin has even stated he'd leave his post to get involved. Curtin and Marsch played together at Chicago Fire between 2001-2005, and are known to have a strong bond together. It's unlikely any appointment will be made until the USMNT hire a new sporting director, but both Marsch and Curtin will be among the potential candidates. When assessing different international roles, the USMNT job never used to be high up on the list of attraction. However, with hosting the Copa America in 2024 and the World Cup in 2026, there's a huge opportunity there for any willing manager. Preparations for the World Cup have been dominating the US Soccer hierarchy for a number of years, and with an immense amount of work from grassroots up, the USMNT is young and full of potential. They fielded the youngest starting XI at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, and there is huge expectation on their shoulders ahead of the next tournament. Three of those talented youngsters currently play at Leeds, with Weston McKennie being signed just before Marsch was sacked. USMNT captain Tyler Adams and Brendan Aaronson make up the trio, players that Marsch now knows very well. It may not have worked out for Marsch at Leeds, but that doesn't mean that he isn't a good coach. Marsch has vast experience within the American game, and earned his job at Leeds due to proving his worth with Red Bull teams Leipzig and Salzburg. It's likely that when it comes to hiring a new head coach, there will be many worthy applicants for the role, and US Soccer may vote against hiring Marsch depending on who is in the running. But Marsch has shown his ability to develop young talent, something the USMNT has an abundance of. US Soccer need to get this appointment right, as failure to impress in Copa America or the next World Cup would be a disaster. It's set to be a hectic few years for the nation, but if they get it right, a very important period for the future of US Soccer.