Sergio Garcia has taken aim at Rory McIlroy for 'lacking maturity' with the pair unable to mend their broken friendship. The European duo struck up a close bond throughout their careers on the PGA Tour, teaming up together at the Ryder Cup as well as attending each other's wedding. But that relationship is now in tatters following an explosive text exchange at the US Open last year. McIlroy opened up on an exchange between the pair last year which left him "offended". “He said to me on the range that he’d gotten a new plane, and that if I wanted a ride with him to that first LIV event in London I was welcome,” McIlroy said in December. “I didn’t know what he was talking about. When he left I turned to Harry [Diamond, his caddy] and said, ‘What was he on about there?’ I didn’t get the whole London thing. And Harry said, ‘The first LIV event is in London.’ It literally didn’t even register with me. “On the Friday of the US Open I woke up to a text that was sent at 5:30 that morning. He had an early tee time, I didn’t, and I woke up to this text basically telling me to shut up about LIV, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I was pretty offended and sent him back a couple of daggers and that was it.” And the once close friends don't appear to have made amends since then with Garcia now retaliating by slamming McIlroy for 'lacking maturity'.  “I think it is very sad,” Garcia told the Telegraph. “I think that we’ve done so many things together and had so many experiences that for him to throw that away just because I decided to go to a different tour, well, it doesn’t seem very mature; lacking maturity, really. “But Rory’s got his own life and he makes his own choices, the same way that I make mine. I respect his choices, but it seems like he doesn’t respect the ones I make. So a one-way street.” The 2023 LIV Golf series gets underway today in Mexico with Garcia captaining the group 'Fireballs'. He plays in a four-man team alongside Abraham Ancer, Carlos Ortiz and Eugenio Chacarra with a total prize purse of £20.8million [$25m] up for grabs.  Dustin Johnson and the 'Aces' are the reigning champions from LIV Golf's inaugural with the American winning a whopping £29m [$35m] in prize money in total for 2022. That payout far exceeds the PGA Tour's top earner for last year, Jon Rahm, who took home £8.15m [$9.8m] in 2022. The PGA Tour announced back in October that they were increasing the total prize money available in the new season to try and compete with the LIV Golf series. A total of 13 tournaments were chosen to receive 'elevated purses' with four being put on a rotating basis and a minimum of £16.6m [$20m] in each event. The Phoenix Open was the first of those designated events to be played with an 'elevated purse' as Scottie Scheffler successfully defended his title from last year, earning more than twice that amount from 2022 with a cheque for £3m [$3.6m].