A snowstorm is set to strike the Southeast of the US this weekend, with up to a foot of snow. According to the National Weather Service, the next winter buffet of snow and sleet will move into the area on Saturday night. The NWS said a “rapidly developing low pressure system” will set the stage for “increasingly stormy weather” across the Southeast’s southern half of the Appalachians. “Rain is expected to linger across the Southeast today as the trailing portion of the aforementioned front becomes stationary”, they said for Friday. But by Saturday into early Sunday, “the low pressure system is forecast to intensify more rapidly over the northeastern Gulf and move across northern Florida”, they said. “Heavy rain, strengthening winds, and possibly severe thunderstorms are expected to expand across the Southeast beginning on Saturday. “By Saturday night into Sunday morning, heavy wet snow and/or sleet are expected to develop near/over the central and southern Appalachians when the low pressure system is forecast to further intensify and track near the Carolina coastline.” "Never trust closed low pressure areas," AccuWeather Chief On-Air Meteorologists Bernie Rayno said. "Mischief and mayhem always follow closed lows." The agency also noted that the heaviest snow from the storm will be found in the areas where the air will be coldest, such as western North Carolina, eastern Tennessee, western Virginia and southeastern West Virginia. “A general 6-12 inches of snow will fall, but an AccuWeather Local StormMax™ of 30 inches is most likely to occur at elevations above 3,500 feet”, they wrote. READ MORE: Mum of beaten up schoolgirl shares new video of son being attacked  It comes after a confirmed tornado struck northeastern Louisiana on Wednesday, causing havoc. The tornado passed through Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, approximately 65 miles northwest of New Orleans and 60 miles east of Baton Rouge. The tornado developed early in the evening and quickly began tossing debris into the air, eventually overturning two mobile homes and injuring three individuals. None of the injuries, including those suffered by two children, were considered "life-threatening," according to local officials. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews