There’s great controversy over how rice is to be cooked; some boil and boil then drain the excess water, while others prefer to add limited water and top the saucepan with a lid so it steams. According to one TikTok creator, we should be using the oven to make perfect, fluffy rice. Maj, also known as @mywanderinghome said she “makes rice a controversial way but it turns out perfect every time”. She captioned the video: “This one had insta TRIGGERED. To be totally honest, the reason why I started doing this was because when we moved the house came with an induction cooker and I hardly have any pans that work on the stove so I had to get creative for when I had used up all of my pans that worked. “The way I was shocked by how easy it was to just bang it in the oven and forget about it and have perfectly fluffy rice in 25 mins.” She admitted she used to use a rice cooker, but it broke, so now makes rice in the ove READ MORE: Game-changing method to poach eggs without a saucepan Maj begins by washing her rice thoroughly until the water runs clear. She then adds it to an ovenproof dish. Next, the dish is filled with boiled water from a kettle and covered with tin foil. The dish is then transferred to the oven where it is cooked at 225 degrees Celsius for 25 minutes. Once the time is up, Maj removes the dish from the oven and uses a fork to fluff it up. In the video, the rice is not sticky or clumped together, in fact, every grain is perfectly cooked. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry ‘unconsciously holds Meghan back’ expert claims [VIDEO]‘Kill weeds’ with a solution that's better than ‘industrial’ chemicals [COMMENT]Sue Cleaver opens up on how she’s 'lost more weight' recently [INTERVIEW] The video has been liked by 42k people and hundreds of comments have been left. One wrote: “I have never seen it made like this omg,” Maj replied: “It’s essentially the same thing a rice cooker does, trapping in the steam and surrounding the rice with heat!” Danielle added: “This is how my grandma taught me how to make rice. It never fails especially with the finger trick!” A third said: “This is smart especially if you’re cooking for a large group!!” Someone else chimed: “Wow. Never knew this was a thing! Def trying it!” READ MORE: Game-changing method to squeeze lemons properly - no seeds fall out This method of cooking rice is great if you’re already using the oven to cook something else - that way you’re utilising the oven space being heated. It’s also a mess-free method as there’s only one dish to clean up - instead of a saucepan and burnt watermarks on the hob where the water has boiled over. Cooking rice in the oven also means you don’t have to stand and watch it or check on it. If you’d prefer to cook rice the traditional way, a chef said the perfect ratio of rice to water is 1:2. Rinse the rice in a sieve to remove any starch left on the grains, then take a heavy-bottom saucepan with a tight-fitting lid. Tip the washed rice and water into the pan and turn up the heat until the water boils, then turn the heat down and add the lid. Leave it for 10 minutes, then turn the heat off and for another five minutes the steam inside will complete the cooking process.