The suspected Idaho murderer could face a firing squad if found guilty of killing four university students. Bryan Kohberger, 28, stands accused of killing of 21-year-olds Kaylee Goncalves and Madison Mogen, 20-year-old housemate Xana Kernodle and her boyfriend, Ethan Chapin, also 20, in their off-campus home in Idaho. The PhD student at Washington State University will appear in court again on June 26, but in the meantime Idaho may change how it handles the death penalty. Republican state Rep. Bruce Skaug introduced House Bill 186 last week, which would establish execution by firing squad as a backup to lethal injection. Idaho has struggled to procure the ingredients for lethal injections, which recently forced the state to cancel the execution of a man who murdered two gold prospectors in 1985. Skaug's bill calls for the director of the Idaho Department of Corrections to certify whether lethal injection is available no more than five days after a death warrant is issued. If lethal injection is not available, then the death row inmate would be executed by firing squad. Kohberger faces four counts of first-degree murder and one count of felony burglary over the alleged killings on November 13. The death penalty is considered the maximum penalty in Idaho when it comes to defendants who either plead guilty or are found guilty of first-degree murder. So if Kohberger is found guilty of murder, and if a lethal injection is not possible should Skaug’s law pass, then a firing squad could be his cause of death. However, no date for a trial has been set as of writing, with Kohberger’s next appearance reserved for presenting evidence and hearing arguments. READ MORE: Roommates didn't call 911 as 'best friend' found Idaho murder victims It comes after the search warrant for Kohberger’s December 30 arrest was released. Cops searching the suspects home in Albrightsville, Pennsylvania, found four medical gloves, a silver flashlight and Under Armour socks, boxers and shorts. Kohberger was alleged to have been wearing dark clothing at the time of the murders. After tracking Kohberger across the country, police said theY believed his vehicle, allegedly spotted at the crime scene the night of the slayings, was parked in a two-car garage on the west side of his parent's house. Police say his vehicle arrived at his parents' house in December 16, and investigators spotted him walking around outside on December 27. He left his parents house on December 28, and investigators observed him traveling to various locations in Monroe County. According to court documents, police found a Ka-Bar knife sheath near Mogen's body and recovered a DNA sample from the snap. That DNA was a familial match for another sample taken from the trash at the Kohberger family residence.