On Thursday evening, as Manchester United locked horns with Barcelona, two Red Devils heroes reunited. Sir Alex Ferguson and Nani were happy to pose for pictures together in the stands, with the pair clearly happy to be reunited. And February 16 actually marked 15 years since the Portugal international had left Arsene Wenger ‘humiliated’ in a stirring 4-0 FA Cup victory over Arsenal. Back in 2008, Manchester United and Arsenal were the two dominant forces in English football. And the pair went to war in the FA Cup at Old Trafford that year, in a match that would prove to be quite the spectacle. United were far too strong for their rivals, even if Cristiano Ronaldo wasn’t used that evening. Wayne Rooney set the tone with a virtuoso display, with Darren Fletcher bagging a brace and Nani also on target during the victory. In the closing stages of the match, however, Arsenal tempers started to boil over. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Nani performed a ‘seal dribble’, balancing the ball on his head with Gunners players furious as they attempted to hack him down. After the game, Wenger claimed he and his players had been ‘humiliated’ with what they perceived to be showboating. And Nani would later reveal that Ferguson stepped in, telling him to tone down his skills in order to avoid any more controversy. "In Portugal I have done this many times, but it is only because it is an entertaining spectacle and not because I disrespect my rivals,” he said. "I am a professional and am always very respectful with all the opposing players, but I do appreciate now that it may have looked bad. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit "After the match Ferguson spoke to me and demanded that I do not repeat it in order to avoid problems. "Obviously, I agreed. I always follow the orders of my coach and am not interested in causing controversy." Ferguson himself would later express a disbelief over how William Gallas escaped a red card for cutting Nani down moments later. “I thought Gallas should have been sent off,” he said. “He kicked Nani from behind with the ball 20 yards away. I think it should be a red card. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “The referee must look at that again.” Arsenal midfielder at the time Gilberto Silva, meanwhile, slammed Nani for his antics following the game. “Some of our guys were upset that he [Nani] did that,” said the Brazil international. “They have calmed down now. It was important for us that we didn’t lose control and lose another man [after Emmanuel Ebou?’s dismissal]. “I spoke to him and told him it wasn’t necessary for him to do that. I told him he could get a bad kick doing that. “But I don’t think any of our players would kick him too hard.” Nani later responded to the comments, admitting he’d spoken with Gilberto - but that he was never threatened by the Samba star. "Gilberto Silva of Arsenal spoke to me and was clear about what their players thought about it,” he said. “He was very critical of what I did and accused me of provoking Arsenal. But he never threatened me. "On the field I am different from most players. My celebrations of goals with a somersault is an example. “This is my character as a footballer."