Jadon Sancho was all smiles as he made his highly-anticipated Manchester United return last night. And Erik ten Hag has suggested two reasons why the 22-year-old can rediscover his best form since returning to England in the coming months and years. United beat Nottingham Forest 2-0 at Old Trafford, winning their Carabao Cup semi-final 5-0 on aggregate to set up a February 26 final against Newcastle United at Wembley Stadium. Sancho hadn't featured since the 1-1 draw at Chelsea in October before he entered the pitch with Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford on the hour mark. He wore a wide smile as he shared a joke with Ten Hag before helping United turn a tight game in their favour, looking refreshed in a central role after his three-month hiatus. And the Red Devils boss believes Sancho can get back to his best under his guidance because he's enjoying football again and has returned to a more dominant team than what he's been used to at Old Trafford. JUST IN: Ten Hag urged to ditch rule that 'won't work' and may impact Rashford  He told reporters: "[The] most important [thing is that] players enjoy football, which gives energy. That gives them the motivation to act and to perform. "I think it was great, the reception from the fans to him, and also that will give him even more of a push to continue in the way he's now acting. "He's just started again, the restart. He's [been] back at Carrington for two weeks. We see that smile, and hopefully, he can keep that and contribute to the team. "He has really high standards [and] great capabilities to contribute to our team, especially now the team is improving. "We're playing more in the opposition half [so] his capabilities come in more in front and come in more. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Todd Boehly to breach £1bn mark with 'spending not over'  Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "He can have more touches on the ball. That is when his game gives the best performances [and] the best platform to perform." Sancho looked bright in pre-season and scored big goals against Liverpool and Leicester City earlier in the campaign. But his form tailed off as the World Cup approached, and he spent the break on an individual training programme with Ten Hag's coaches to get back in mental and physical shape. Now the £73million man is back in contention with a hectic schedule and plenty of opportunities ahead, his best period at United is almost certainly still to come. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here