Helen Mirren, 77, wowed viewers of The Graham Norton Show by revealing she did her own stunts in her latest blockbuster film. However, the daring Dame suffered for her art, as she broke her finger on set and had to power through the pain. Discussing her action scenes in Shazam! Fury of the Gods, Dame Helen told host Graham, 59, “I did some of my own stunts, but I broke my finger.” Despite the injury, Helen opted to be “brave”, because she wanted to prove herself as a “stunty” actress. She added: “I was incredibly brave and didn’t say anything or complain because I wanted to be a real ‘stunty’ person.” It wasn’t just the broken finger that left Dame Helen feeling uncomfortable while filming the superhero movie. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson warns Kaleb over 'taking corporate shilling' The Queen star admitted she signed up to be a part of the sequel after being a big fan of the first movie.  Unfortunately for Helen, her costume also proved to be a struggle to film with.  The actress divulged: “Don’t ask me about the plot, it’s too complicated!  “We are angry goddesses wearing unbelievably heavy costumes. “It was very hot and uncomfortable and in fact Lucy (Liu) said at the end of the first day’s shooting, ‘They are trying to kill us’ in all seriousness.” Sharing her love for the movie, Helen said: “I wanted to do it because I loved the first Shazam. It was sweet and funny. “I am not a big superhero type person, but I loved the idea of it and happily signed up for the second one. It is great.” While appearing on the BBC chat show with Pedro Pascal, 47, Ariana DeBose, 32, and singer Freya Ridings, 28, Dame Helen shared an insight into attending the BAFTAs last weekend. DON'T MISS:Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears'James Jordan 's***s himself' as he’s pulled over by policeRod Stewart visits hospital after paying for patients' MRI scans The star had baffled some fans after not appearing on the red carpet before the ceremony started.  Setting the record straight on her absence, Helen admitted she also couldn’t attend any afterparties, as she had to get up early the next day.  The Oscar winner revealed: “It was a great night out, but I was just in and out.  “I had to get up very early the next morning, so I did my thing and then I was back in my pjs and in bed by nine!” During the BAFTAs, Dame Helen paid tribute to Queen Elizabeth II, who sadly died last year.  She praised the late monarch for her 50-year-long association with the film academy.  Viewers noticed the Queen’s grandson Prince William looking visibly emotional as he watched Dame Helen’s tribute at the ceremony, alongside wife Kate Middleton.  Helen admitted, while speaking about the poignant moment to BAFTA Awards host Alison Hammond, that she “was trying not to cry”.  The Graham Norton Show airs tonight on BBC One at 10.40pm. Also available on BBC iPlayer.