On Saturday night, it was reported that a terrifying wildfire near the ITV Love Island villa blazed for three hours, just two fields away from where this year’s islanders are being housed in South Africa. However, it’s believed bosses had an evacuation plan in place in order to keep the cast and crew safe. The £1.2 million luxury South African villa, which has seen many tears, heartbreak and recouplings this year, has been thrown into chaos over the past 24 hours.While the ITV2 reality show was being filmed, it’s believed Love Island bosses were on high alert as a wildfire blazed nearby for three hours just two fields away.As fire crews rushed to get the blaze under control at the Ludus Magnus estate, a plan was put in place should the crew and cast need to leave for their safety.An insider revealed as winds were high in the area, there were concerns the blaze could make its way towards the Love Island villa. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis Speaking to The Sun, they said: “Naturally the welfare of everyone on the show is the main priority and an evacuation plan has been put in place if it’s needed.“Wildfires are not uncommon in South Africa but it doesn’t make it any less worrying as they can be so destructive.“The blaze burned for around three hours before it was put under control.“A local fire crew are now monitoring the situation to ensure the safety of everyone in the vicinity.” A spokesperson for ITV confirmed that the remaining contestants in the villa, along with the production crew are safe following the nearby fire.They said: “A fire brigade has attended a fire in the local area.“The incident is not on the villa grounds. Love Island cast and crew are completely safe.”The blaze comes following the most recent recoupling which saw Casa Amor bombshell Martin Akinola dumped from the show. DON'T MISS... BGT's Ant and Dec 'apprehensive' about series without David Walliams [INSIGHT] Dancing on Ice's Siva Kaneswaran dealt crushing blow before show [DANCING ON ICE] Coronation Street's Aaron Sandford star on future after rape plot [SOAP] After being brought back into the main villa with Tanya Manhenga, the romance was quickly on the rocks as it was apparent she still had feelings for her original couple Shaq Muhammad.In a dramatic recoupling last week, viewers saw Tanya opt to go back to her former beau, sending Martin packing.However, upon leaving the Irish bombshell took a brutal swipe at the 23-year-old during his exit interview.He commented: "Genuinely, I think Shaq might be in love with her. But I don’t think she’s in love with him. “Meeting Tanya at Casa Amor was great. She’s a beautiful girl, a sweet, sweet girl as well."We had a very good thing going at Casa Amor, the connection was there, the vibes were there. It felt great to explore that. It was only right that we tried to continue that at the Villa.“Obviously that didn’t happen, but getting to know her was great. I felt like we definitely had a connection at Casa Amor."Love Island continues weekdays on ITVX and ITV1 from 9pm.