Kate Middleton delighted a mother and daughter duo after they waited out in the cold during the Princess of Wales’ visit to Boston. Kate Middleton wished the mother a happy birthday and the mother managed to make the Princess of Wales laugh in the wholesome video clip which has went viral on Tiktok. On Tiktok, royal fan Holly Morrissette posted the encounter of her mother meeting Kate Middleton, which has now gained over two million views and over a hundred thousand likes. The exchange took place in December during the Kate Middleton and Prince William’s three-day trip to America. The Princess of Wales was visiting Harvard Univeristy to discuss advances in science that can benefit children, which is a charity cause the royal is known to care deeply about. In the resurfaced video, Holly and her mother can be seen cheering as Kate Middleton approaches them, who then strikes up a conversation with Holly’s mother. While shaking her hand, the Princess of Wales’ smiles at Holly’s mother and asks her if she lives in the area and how she is feeling today. Holly’s mother comments on how cold it is and tells Kate Middleton to get warned up in a car as she must be freezing. Kate Middleton smiles and said: “I know, I was so engaged in conversation I didn’t realise [how cold it was] but it is quite nice to be out in the fresh air.”  READ MORE: Royal recipe for scones is 'delicious' - but they take over an hour    Someone then called out: “Princess it’s her birthday!” and gestures towards Holly’s mother. The Princess of Wales said: “Oh is it? Happy birthday! Are you doing anything nice later?” Holly’s mother replies: “We’re here to see you!” which caused Kate Middleton to smile and laugh. Kate Middleton then has to leave, and thanks Holly’s mother and tells her to enjoy her afternoon. The princess then begins to quickly shake hands with people in the crowd and someone calls out “Thank you for being here!” Before she leaves, Kate Middleton shakes hands with Holly’s mother a final time and then tunred to Holly and said “I love your hat!” as she was wearing a green and red Christmas hat with antlers. DON'T MISS:Harry’s first romp urges prince to make up with William [REVEAL]Princess Margaret's lady-in-waiting 'furious' over Crown portrayal [REPORT]Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests [INSIGHT]   Holly looked happy with the compliment and replied “Thank you!” and the last clip in the video is Holly’s mother grinning at the camera. The viral video has a hit on Tiktok, as many people complimented Kate Middleton taking the time to talk with two enthusiastic fans. Another user said “She is so kind in every single interaction” while someone else said: “Diana would be proud”.  Someone else wrote: “I love how she always makes it a point to say hello to people and is genuinely kind and engaging.” A royal fan commented that they were glad Kate Middleton was adapting to her new title as the Princess of Wales, and added “A title definitely fitting for the future queen.”   Kate Middleton and Prince William's royal tour in Boston took place in December last year. During the trip the couple met with locals and treated themselves to a Boston Celtics game. On the day this video was filmed, Kate had met with Boston’s mayor Michelle Wu. The three-day trip culminated in the second annual Earthshot Prize Award ceremony. This is where Kate wowed in a stunning bright green dress, a tribute to the environmentally-conscious awards. The Princess of Wales also wore an emerald choker famously also worn by William's mother Princess Diana.