Florida Governor Ron DeSantis has tightened his grip over Walt Disney World after introducing new legislation to take control of the Orlando theme parks. Pending state senate approval, it means Disney has been stripped of power it is has held for over 50 years. It will enable DeSantis' Republican colleagues in the Sunshine State's legislature to have more oversight over the world-famous holiday destination. The move has been seen as retaliation after Disney opposed efforts by DeSantis to curtail gender and sexuality education. Last year, the man widely tipped to challenge Trump in 2024 was challenged by Disney over a law that restricts classroom instruction of gender and sexual orientation, known by opponents as the “don’t say gay” measure.  Speaking at a bill signing ceremony in Lake Buena Vista on Monday, the 44-year-old said: "Today, the corporate kingdom finally comes to an end. "There's a new sheriff in town and accountability will be the order of the day." DeSantis added: "They will be in charge during that board meeting, so buckle up." JUST IN: John Fetterman's wife takes kids to Canada as ‘media circles’ around senator's health The Walt Disney World territory operated within Florida's Reedy Creek Improvement District under effective self-governance for more than 50 years - having control of its utilities and fire department. Disney will now face additional layers of external oversight via a state-appointed five-membered board. The change will also mean Disney's resort in Orlando will be treated the same as other theme parks and exemptions from state regulations will be removed. READ MORE: Car dealer ‘sounds like Mickey Mouse’ after town hit by train crash Tampa-based lawyer Martin Garcia, who contributed $50,000 to DeSantis' re-election campaign, has been appointed to the new board. Bridget Ziegler, who co-founded Moms for Liberty and is married to Florida's new Grand Old Party chairman Christian Ziegler, will also sit on the board. The board is scheduled to meet next week, the two-time Governor revealed. Despite his tumultuous relationship with Disney, DeSantis reassured Floridians he remains supportive of the company. "In spite of all the stuff that's happened over the past couple of years, I've always been very proud of our parks," he said. "It's almost like a right of passage for people to be able to come down here, and a lot of families have had really great experiences ... but when you lose your way, you've got to have people who can tell you the truth." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews