Charlie Brooks, who plays Janine Butcher in EastEnders, has reportedly lost a battle with neighbours over renovation plans. The BBC star, who shares daughter Kiki with Ibiza nightclub owner Tony Truman, is said to have wanted him to have easier access to visit their teenage daughter. The former couple reportedly has a close friendship with Tony living in the flat above Charlie so they could look after Kiki, 18, together. The actress welcomed daughter Kiki back in 2004 when she was in a relationship with her ex-fiancé Tony. The couple split when Kiki was two years old but have remained close. The soap star, 41, wanted a rear external stairway and had applied for planning permission at their five-bed home but locals have objected. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes pushed by son as he's forced to use wheelchair Neighbours objected to the local council against the proposed development, saying he could simply use the side passage to pop down and see Kiki and use the garden. They also cited loss of privacy and light and overshadowing from the "overbearing" extension to the five-bedroom pad, according to The Sun. In documents obtained by the publication, one letter read: "Access to the garden can easily be achieved by the occupiers of the upstairs flat exiting from their front door and accessing the ground floor garden via the side passage. "The new access staircase to the first floor (directly on our boundary) will present a close direct view into our house and garden for anyone using the staircase and should be removed."  Another neighbour wrote: "The scale and height of the rear extension will overshadow our patio area, leading to significant loss of light to this amenity area. "It would also be 'very overbearing and visually dominant'." Charlie also applied for new timber cladding, new painted render to the first floor, new patio doors and Juliet balcony. The soap star has three months to appeal their decision, according to reports. Express.co.uk has contacted Charlie Brooks' representatives for comment. Charlie was born in Ware, Hertfordshire and moved to Barmouth, Gwynedd when she was a child. She attended Tower House School in Barmouth and relocated to London to attend Ravenscourt Theatre School, Hammersmith. The actress has played the role of Janine Butcher since 1999. Previously, the role was portrayed by two other actors with the role first being introduced 10 years earlier in 1989. Charlie departed from the show in 2004 before returning for a three-episode guest stint in April 2008. She returned permanently on December 18 2008 but Charlie then took a break from September 2012 to April 2013 before departing on March 2014. She reprised her role in September 2021 before then deciding to leave the show once again on September 24, 2022 and her final scenes will air on December 26.