Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, are expected to attend the upcoming Coronation as spectators. This is likely both due to their young age and the fact they aren't direct heirs to the throne. On the other hand, a report claimed the second-in-line, Prince George, may play a more active role during the historic event - despite his young age. Prince William and Kate, the Prince and Princess of Wales, are "mulling over" whether George should be included in the ceremony and if so in what capacity, the Telegraph wrote. The nine-year-old could experience a deluge of attention and pressure given that millions worldwide will be watching the Coronation on May 6 - something the Prince and Princess of Wales, who have striven to give their children a childhood as normal as possible, will surely be concerned about. This comes after it was claimed the Queen Consort wants her five grandchildren - all older than George - to play a role during the event. This would be the first time these teenagers are put under the spotlight and on the international stage, with the exception of Eliza Lopes, who was one of the Princess of Wales's bridesmaids at Kate and William's wedding in April 2011. The presence of Camilla's grandchildren at the Coronation could symbolise the unity of the family and the affection King Charles feels for his step-grandchildren. Camilla wants her grandchildren to hold the canopy over her head while the Archbishop of Canterbury anoints her with the holy oil, during one of the most sacred moments in the ceremony, the Sunday Times reported. But Palace sources told the Telegraph no such role, typically carried out by Duchesses, was being given to the children of Laura Lopes and Tom Parker Bowles. READ MORE: Sussexes 'scathing attacks' triggered 'seismic fractures' with William A royal source also said it would be "wholly improper" to have a discussion about the possible role the Queen's grandchildren may play and not the King's. They went on to note the age gap between the grandchildren, adding no firm decisions about their involvement had been made. Young children did attend the most recent Coronation ceremonies in British history. In 1937, at the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth and King George VI, young Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret joined senior royals in the procession from Westminster Abbey's entrance to their seats, with the young Princesses flanking Princess Mary, the then Princess Royal. King Charles was only four when his mother's Coronation took place in June 1953. During the sacred event, the then heir to the throne was seated between the Queen Mother and Princess Margaret in the royal box at the London abbey. The Coronation of King Charles will be celebrated over a bank holiday weekend, including a concert at Windsor Castle, initiatives celebrating volunteers and street parties. The service itself will "reflect the monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry", Buckingham Palace previously said. In keeping with modern times, the ceremony is expected to be shorter than the three-hour-long Coronation of Elizabeth II.