Police are chasing up more than 500 lines of enquiry after the disappearance of Nicola Bulley 12 days ago, Lancashire Police Superintendent Sally Riley has said at a press conference. And she also revealed a total of 700 vehicles in the area at the time have now been traced, with the drivers now in the process of being spoken to as part of the investigation. However, she said police still believe the mother-of-two fell in the river in a tragic accident, with police continuing to treat it as a missing person inquiry. Supt Riley told a press conference the search of the river and river banks extended out to the sea. She said: "We have now identified around 700 vehicles that drove through the village on that morning on January 27 at around 9.10am, 9.15am. We are in the process of speaking to all of those drivers to try and find out if they have any dashcam footage, what they saw on that day or anything else that may be of value to the police inquiry." Supt Riley said thousands of pieces of information had been received from members of the public, with a team of 40 detectives currently investigating approximately 500 different lines of enquiry. She said: "This is normal in a missing person inquiry and does not indicate that there is any suspicious element to this story. The inquiry team remains fully open-minded to any information that may indicate where Nicola is or what happened to her." Police were continuing to appeal for drivers to come forward, she emphasised. Nicola is white, 5ft 3ins with shoulder length hair and speaks with an Essex accent. On the day of her disappearance she had her hair tied in a ponytail and was wearing a blue coat. Supt Riley also revealed Nicola had also been wearing her pale blue Fitbit fitness tracker. She added: "I would ask everyone to remain constructive, co-operative with inquiry. Not to do anything to thwart us. To respectful to each other in the search. "As I said on Friday, the river is a complex area to search, it's not a still water, it's a fast-flowing moving water that is tidal in parts, and as acknowledged by some of the many national search advisers and experts... this makes it particularly complex. "We have already discounted particular areas of the river but as they are tidal we have re-searched them to ensure that nothing has been washed back into those searched areas." Supt Riley also cautioned against members of the public "taking the law into their own hands", including by breaking into surrounding properties to search. She explained: "We would ask that people in the wider community, particularly on social media and online, do not speculate as to what may have happened to Nicola. "This is particularly hurtful to her family, to her children, to her partner Paul, to her parents, her sister and her friends because it is not helpful to them, it is distressing and it is distracting for the police inquiry. "Nor is it helpful if people, particularly if they have come from outside of the area, take it upon themselves to take the law into their own hands by trying to, for example, break into empty property." READ MORE:Nicola Bulley: Full timeline of events, clues and questions 11 days into desperate search  "They may mean well, they may want to help. But they can help in thinking back if they were in the area to what information they may have of relevance to the police and holding the family in their thoughts. "But we will not tolerate online abuse of anyone, including innocent witnesses, members of the family and friends, of local businesses, or of criminal damage or burglary. We will be taking a strong line on that, as you would expect." Nicola, who lives in nearby Inskip, dropped her daughters off at school at 8.40am on the day she disappeared. She then took her dog for a walk along the river near St Michael's on Wyre in Lancashire, United Kingdom and has not been seen since. In a voicenote issued yesterday, Nicola's partner of 12 years, Paul Ansell said: “It’s been 10 days now since Nicola went missing and I have two little girls who miss their mummy desperately and who need her back. "This has been such a tough time for the girls especially but also for me and all of Nicola’s family and friends, as well as the wider community and I want to thank them for their love and support. "We are also really grateful to Peter and his team from SGI for coming up and helping support the work of Lancashire Police as they continue their investigation. "If anyone has any information which could help find Nicola, I urge them to get in touch with the police and help us provide the answers we all so badly need.” "We have to find her safe and well. I can't put those girls again tonight with no answers."