Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand explained what Chelsea boss Graham Potter told him during their pre-match chat before the Blues travelled to West Ham on Saturday. Ferdinand claimed that Potter gave him an insight into January signing Joao Felix, who got his first goal for the club with his first-time strike on the volley in the first half against the Hammers. Felix, on loan from Atletico Madrid until the end of the season without an option to buy, had impressed on his debut against Fulham before getting sent off and on his return from suspension, scored the game's opening goal at the London Stadium. The Portuguese forward connected with fellow new signing Enzo Fernandez as the British transfer record clipped a cross beyond the West Ham defence and Felix struck first time past Lukasz Fabianski, before Emerson equalised 12 minutes later. Potter is clearly excited to work with Felix, as he explained to Ferdinand before the game as their conversation was caught by BT Sport cameras and the ex-United defender was asked to detail their conversation. "That was one of the first players we asked Potter about," Ferdinand said regarding Felix. "Standing about talking to him asking how good is he? And there was a glowing report. Players are raising their eyebrows at some of the stuff he does, so we want to see that here, live. You hear about it in training, we want to see that here, that will be a great start." Felix caused issues for West Ham up front with Kai Havertz, and Ferdinand's fellow pundit Joe Cole admitted he was excited to watch the Portugal star in action while predicting that Marc Cucurella would struggle defensively in the first half. "Chelsea, Graham Potter’s still finding his feet, 33 players, you’re trying to get a tune out of them and it’s hard. You’ve got to find the right balance but I’m really excited today to watch Joao Felix. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges "I thought he was really good in his game against Fulham, so watching him in that pocket behind sort of operating, I think that’s going to be a real problem for West Ham trying to deal with him. "He will make a massive difference, he had a lovely cameo against Fulham and I thought he was the best player on the pitch at times. I think the crucial part looking at the teams tactically today is that Cucurella has got a big job on his hands. "He’s come under a bit of stick lately, the way he’s not settled in quite as well as expected, but Jarrod Bowen sort of floats over to that side and he will threaten, so Cucurella will be very important for Chelsea. Him and Bowen, that’s going to be an interesting match up." 