John McEnroe has tipped American star Sebastian Korda to be a "legit threat" to Novak Djokovic in his pursuit of a fifth consecutive Wimbledon title. World no.1 Djokovic has not lost at Wimbledon since an injury retirement in 2017 and will likely be the overwhelming favourite at the All England Club come July. The Serbian icon stormed to his 10th Australian Open title at a canter in Melbourne last month and has been widely predicted to dominate in the other three Grand Slams this summer. Djokovic is very much the man to beat in men’s tennis, which is going through a transitional phase amid the recent retirement of the iconic Roger Federer and the injury plight of the ageing warhorse Rafael Nadal. But a series of talented young Americans are showing promising signs that they could eventually dethrone 35-year-old Djokovic. Tommy Paul was soundly beaten by Djokovic in the semi-finals in Melbourne but continues to improve, while rising star Ben Shelton was beaten in the quarters on his first trip outside the US. JUST IN: Andy Murray teases politics move as Scotland's Nicola Sturgeon quits  McEnroe, however, has picked out another Aussie Open quarter-finalist in Korda as the next American star who could make a splash at a major tournament. A wrist injury derailed Korda’s first Grand Slam of the year as he was forced to retire during his last-eight match against Karen Khachanov on the Rod Laver Arena, but has been touted as a threat on the grass at SW19. "I think Korda. I mean, to me, Sebastian Korda is a guy like 'wow'," McEnroe said. "If he could put it together, we'll see how the wrist is, haven't heard any updates on the wrist injury that he suffered against Khachanov. But, if he can add a little more meat to the bones, get a little more pop on the serve, he looks to me like a guy that's a legit threat at Wimbledon." DON'T MISSFederer's speech after first Wimbledon title will always be goldenNick Kyrgios teases new doubles partner he thinks can win Grand SlamsStefanos Tsitsipas may hope Novak Djokovic isn't at Indian Wells  An American men’s player has not lifted a Grand Slam trophy since Andy Roddick won the US Open in 2003. But three-time Wimbledon winner McEnroe believes the tide could be about to turn, and thinks last year’s US Open semi-finalist Frances Tiafoe also has the game to emerge from the pack and claim Grand Slam glory. “There is a void in tennis with Roger retiring, we are not sure about Rafa so there is a place now that the players are trying to find out where they belong so there is an opportunity,” he said during a recent Eurosport and discovery+ event. “Tiafoe I would put close to the top in terms of upsides because athletically he could be even the best of them all, but mentally he is getting stronger, disappointing result at the Australian Open. I think in the next year or year and half I think you will see one of the Americans win a major.” 