She is against gay marriage. So is the Roman Catholic Church and so is Islam. The Church of England still will not allow priests to perform gay marriage ceremonies and court ruling after court ruling has clearly stated that “the belief that marriage is between a man and a woman is worthy of respect in a democratic society”. Nay, I know gay people who are also against it and not always on religious grounds.  It might, of course, be a problem had Mrs Forbes said that she would seek to reverse the measure but she has said the precise opposite so she is prepared to tolerate that with which she does not agree but her critics are not. Their implacable view is that if she will not conform to their orthodoxy then she should not hold high office. She also says that she believes children should be brought into the world in the context of marriage. Plenty of surveys have shown that children do best if their parents are in a long-term marriage but again Kate Forbes says that some of her friends and family take the opposite view and she celebrates the lives of those children. Note her choice of words: she doesn’t merely tolerate or accept but rather “celebrates” their lives. In short, she lives by a particular moral code but does not judge others. That is the very essence of tolerance. Her critics are the truly intolerant ones, believing that all must share their views and that anybody who does not, however able, must be excluded and forever remain on the sidelines. They are the real bigots, intolerant of religion, of beliefs, of principles and of anything else that clashes with their own worldview. Go for it, Kate, and good luck and, by the way, I think your politics are awful but in a democratic society I would defend to the death your right to espouse them.  Good for Camilla! Without any direct confrontation, she has confounded the woke idiots who wanted to rewrite Roald Dahl to make the stories more acceptable to a modern readership. Camilla let it be known that she was “shocked and dismayed” and then gave an impassioned address on free speech to a gathering of major authors. The publishers have now backed down. God save Queen Camilla! It takes a rare ability to be able to combine in-depth analysis and scholarship with sheer readability but I have been riveted into the small hours by Tim Bouverie’s book, Appeasing Hitler. Every twist, every turn, every meeting is covered in moe than 400 pages but the detail is never tedious and you want to know what will happen next, despite all of us knowing the end. It is a timely book. Today, we again face a ruthless dictator claiming territory on historical and racial grounds. We must be Churchills not Chamberlains.  Only a fool makes the same mistake twice and that is exactly what the Government is doing. Wearied by the friction over Northern Ireland, it has moved into “any deal will do” thinking, which is exactly why Boris made such a mess of it. Even at first sight, the difference between the euphoric interpretation given to the House of Commons by Rishi Sunak and the reality is stark. The Stormont brake is virtually useless as it can apply only in exceptional circumstances. The much-vaunted claim that we take back control of VAT is a lie. For example, we can set the rate of VAT for alcohol sold in pubs but not for that sold in supermarkets.  Listening to the rhetoric, I did wonder why the EU, which has always used Northern Ireland to make our lives difficult, should give away so much. It hasn’t. Line by depressing line the agreement tells us that the more things change the more they stay the same. Sir Keir Starmer makes five promises for the next general election. No mention of stopping the boats, no mention of the striking unions and no mention of the menace of woke. Crasheroonie Snoozefest rides again. If he wins it will be because the Tories have put him there. On Friday I went to the Oxford Union to take part in its bicentenary debate. Gyles Brandreth was there being gloriously politically incorrect (jokes about funeral directors and Covid), Amanda Pritchard, the CEO of the NHS, claimed this creaking, failing, bureaucratic Leviathan had never been in such good shape. Lord Heseltine still an orator at 89, pitied the students for spending their adult lives without the EU telling them what to do and Michael Gove made the best speech of the evening in praise of free speech. I can remember the 150th celebrations, a year after I had graduated and left. I won’t be around for the 250th but I hope that bastion of humour and free speech is then still going strong.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea I find it staggering that any jury managed to find Robert Brown, who first dug a grave and then went off to kill his wife, guilty of manslaughter rather than murder but that was the verdict and no amount of expostulation can change it. Accordingly, the judge handed down a sentence of 26 years in prison rather than life and when he did so he knew that Brown would be released at the halfway point under our barmy laws. Dominic Raab is now said to be meeting the family to hear their pleas against release. We cannot get into a situation where a politician overrides the justice system every time the victims or families cause an outcry. Instead, we should change the law itself. 