The latest figures from energy industry regulator Ofgem show nearly three quarters of a million consumer accounts are repaying gas and electricity debts to their supplier using a prepayment meter. If someone were to move into one of these 700,000 homes, they could see their energy bills skyrocket as they are in danger of paying off the previous occupier’s debt. This would happen if someone moves into their new home without informing the energy supplier they are the new tenant. If this happens, the existing arrangement with the prepayment meter would continue and 700,000 families may face hefty energy bills. This comes as energy bills have increased by 27 percent since October 2022 even with Government support in place via the price guarantee. On top of this, energy suppliers have come under fire for forcibly installing prepayment customers into the homes of their customers, even if they are vulnerable. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Ofgem has implemented a ban of prepayment meter installations into homes to relieve the financial pressure for households. However, this ban has been confirmed to last only six more weeks until March 31, 2023, which means the issue is not completely resolved. For the third quarter of 2022, the number of accounts with a consumer repaying an energy debt for gas came to 1,151,767, according to Ofgem. Furthermore, the regulator has revealed the number of consumers paying electricity debt over the same period was 1,378,079. The proportion of customers repaying debt to their supplier using a prepayment meter for gas and electricity was 30 percent and 26 percent, respectively. Combined, the overall amount of gas and electricity who are repaying debt back via a prepayment meter is around 703,850. Malka Townshend, the co-founder of Sagacity, shared why prepayment meters are even more of a detriment to households when it comes to saving money on energy. She explained: “The current high cost of energy means people on prepayment meters are burning through credit quicker than ever before. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “But there’s another factor at play – some people on prepayment meters are also unwittingly paying off the debts of the previous occupier. “This is because suppliers often use prepayment meters as a mechanism for customers who have got themselves in debt to repay the money they owe over an extended re-payment period, on top of actual consumption costs. “If you do not inform your energy provider when you move into a property where there is a prepayment meter you could inadvertently be paying off somebody else’s debt.” The energy expert outlined what households should do if they believe they have been impacted by these “additional” debt costs. Ms Townshend added: “With Citizens Advice reporting someone is cut off every ten seconds, this extra hidden cost will tip some households over the edge this winter. “To prevent this problem from happening to them, people need to contact the energy supplier straight away when moving into a property, to ensure they’re not being lumbered with any additional costs at what is a very difficult time for many households.” Prepayment meters use a pay-as-you-method for paying gas and electricity bills with users spending money for energy before using it. Due to households with these meters not being on a fixed rate, prepayment customers are more likely to be affected by changes in the wholesale market which hike prices up. On top of this, low income households are more likely to be on a prepayment meter than the rest of the population. Concerns over prepayment meters coincide with the Government not continuing its £400 energy bill grant into 2023 and raising the price guarantee to £3,000 in April.