Police have today issued a public apology for giving a man his shotgun back before he went on to kill five people, including a child and his own mother, in a sick rampage. Chief Superintendent Linden, of Devon and Cornwall Constabulary, also said Jake Davison should not have been given a shotgun certificate and admitted the "sobering and sad fact" that a tragedy like the shootings in Keyham, Plymouth, could happen again.   Davison, 22, shot dead Maxine Davison, Sophie Martyn, Lee Martyn, Stephen Washington, and Kate Shepherd with the gun on August 12, 2021. Chief Supt Linden said budgetary factors, staffing, leadership and management, and the quality of work were factors in the decision-making which led to Davison, who turned the gun on himself, getting a shotgun. The officer added that scrutiny was "not followed closely enough". He agreed that Davison should not have had the licence in 2020 and the gun should not have been given back to him, adding "for that, we very much apologise." The admission, made at an inquest into the shootings, is the first time a public apology had been given, Plymouth Live reports. The inquest has heard evidence from family members of victims, survivors, and a number of police workers. Addressing the risk of a similar tragedy, Chief Supt Linden said: "What I can say is that what we have done [since the incident] is to limit that." He said the force has "completely changed the building blocks of the decision making", introduced a training program, and brought in a dip-sampling policy involving one in five cases being dip-sampled. He said the "changes in our cultural approach to this have been significant". He said: "We've changed everything that we've done, from the training to the culture. While I can't say it will never happen again, I can say it will be extremely unlikely." He noted that the staffing levels in the Firearms Licensing Unit had gone from 45 to 99, thanks to an additional £600,000 from the Police and Crime Commissioner, but he warned: "I can't say that the staff structure will be the same in 2026". He said this was because additional resources were needed to deal with a backlog due to Covid restrictions and the fact that, for 12 months, no FEO was allowed to make decisions regarding licensing. Questioned about the number of grants and refusals between August 2021 and December 2022, he confirmed that the "refusal rate" had now doubled.  Devon and Cornwall Police have not identified a motive for the shootings. In response to the deaths, the Home Office announced that it would issue updated guidelines for firearms licence applications. In February 2022, Davison's father Mark was interviewed for the BBC and said he was sorry and ashamed of his son's actions.