A son knifed his own mother, hugged her and then left her bleeding to death outside a pub, a court heard. Jamie Dempsey, 32, is standing trial over allegations he murdered Karen Dempsey, 55, after fighting broke out outside a pub in Kirkby, Merseyside, in summer last year. A jury heard that the defendant was trading blows with another man, Brian Flynn, to whom he owed a drug debt of thousands of pounds when Ms Dempsey was stabbed. The incident happened after Jamie Dempsey, 32, was "glassed" inside the premises by Mr Flynn, who was also then stabbed, Liverpool Crown Court heard. Afterwards, Dempsey claimed to have been acting in self-defence and told police "I was scared for my life, what do you want me to do?". Peter Glenser KC said, during the prosecution's opening on Monday, that the mum and son had made arrangements to meet for a drink in the pub on the evening of August 22, 2022. Dempsey had raised concerns about potentially seeing Mr Flynn at this location "as there had been unpleasantness between them nearby before," Liverpool Echo reports. Jurors were told that Mr Flynn "was cross with him because he had run up an unpaid drug debt of some £2,000". Messages the court heard that the defendant had sent to Ms Dempsey from his girlfriend's phone beforehand described Mr Flynn as a "d***head" who had "dropped him outside the Tavern" previously, although he said he was not "a***d about it".   CCTV footage from inside the bar showed her sat with friends from around 7.30pm on the night in question. Mr Flynn meanwhile was, unknown to her, sitting at a table nearby. Dempsey and his partner Sarah Van Maren entered around 10 minutes later and joined her, but "moments later"  Ms Dempsey went into the foyer to call a taxi - having apparently spotted Mr Flynn inside. Shortly after 8pm, Mr Flynn returned from the toilets and hurled a glass at Jamie Dempsey, hitting him on the back of the head, the court heard.  It was said that Mr Flynn then continued the assault with punches. Ms Dempsey and others managed to restrain him, but he picked up a second glass and again threw it at Jamie Dempsey - who left via the back door. Mr Flynn meanwhile was escorted out of the front exit. The accused then began walking towards this area, and another confrontation erupted, the court heard. The pair began to grapple, with Dempsey now clutching a knife in his right hand. The jury heard he stabbed Mr Flynn at least twice before a man, referred to in court only as "Male A", and Ms Dempsey attempted to intervene. The weapon "made contact" with her chest at this point, leaving her with blood pouring down her dress, the court heard. The fighting then ceased and Dempsey hugged his mum before leaving the area.  She collapsed moments later, the knife having pierced her heart and liver. Ms Dempsey was rushed to Aintree Hospital, but was pronounced dead at 9.45pm. A "heavily bloodstained" Mr Flynn was stopped by police nearby and arrested, the court heard. He too was taken to hospital after suffering serious injuries, having suffered a stab wound to the left armpit. The court heard that, having fled, Dempsey walked to his aunt's house and told her there had "been a fight and he had stabbed his mother". He took off his clothing and asked his cousin to burn it, although the relative did not do so. The knifeman then went to an off-licence and bought cans of beer. Later, Jamie Dempsey was dropped at Kirkby police station by a friend - but the station was closed. The court heard he phoned Merseyside Police "to tell them where he was and that he was wanted" - not yet knowing that his mother had died. During this call, he said he had used a piece of glass and not a knife during the incident. Jamie Dempsey was heard to say in a recording played to the court: "I’ve been accused of stabbing someone tonight but I haven’t. It was in self-defence. "There’s been an altercation. I’ve defended myself." Jamie Dempsey also told the operator “he glassed me twice”, adding: "I was scared for my life. What do you want me to do?"Jamie Dempsey, who is defended by Timothy Cray KC, denies murder. The trial, before Judge Dennis Watson KC, continues. 