Cristiano Ronaldo has now scored over 500 league goals in his career after finding the net four times in Al-Nassr’s 4-0 win over Al-Wehda. The 38-year-old still has some way to go to beat the record set by Pele however with the great Brazilian scoring 604 times in the league during his 19-year career. Ronaldo had been yet to find his best form in the Saudi Arabian Pro League after his December arrival with the club winning just one of the games he had been involved in. The Portugal captain had also only found the net on one occasion and that strike came from the penalty spot. However, he truly announced his arrival with a sensational four goal haul against Al-Wehda. The forward scored all the goals in the four-goal win claiming a major career landmark in the process. Ronaldo has now found the net 503 times in league matches during his professional career becoming only the fifth man to reach the landmark of 500 goals. The 38-year-old follows in the footsteps of Pele, Romario, Josef Bican and Ferenc Puskas with the legendary Brazilian out in the lead with 604 strikes. READ MORE: Odegaard makes Arsenal vow as Gunners star fires message to Man City While Ronaldo may struggle to reach the record set by the three-time World Cup winner he will certainly fancy his chances of getting past Romario, Bican and Puskas. The Brazilian leads the trio with 544 ahead of Bican on 518 and Puskas close behind with 514. Ronaldo is contracted to Al-Nassr until the summer of 2025 and will fancy his chances of getting ahead of the other players before his retirement. Unsurpringslying most of Ronaldo’s league goals came during his hugely successful stint with Real Madrid. The striker netted 311 times during his nine-year spell in the Spanish capital lifting the title on two occasions. DON'T MISSMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawlMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawLeeds next manager: Ex-Tottenham boss emerges as option to replace Marsch Manchester United are next after he netted 103 times while registered with the Old Trafford side. The majority of which came during his initial stint as he won the Premier League on three occasions with his second spell ending under a cloud. He scored 81 league goals for Juventus with five coming for Al-Nassr already. He scored just three times for his first club Sporting Lisbon as he took time to develop from a tricky winger into one of the greatest goalscorers the sport has ever seen. Ronaldo will have to wait over a week until his next opportunity to add to his tally when Al-Nassr face Al-Taawoun at home on Friday 17th.