WARNING: This article contains spoilers from the Happy Valley series finale The final instalment saw Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) break into police officer and nemesis Catherine Cawood’s (Sarah Lancashire) house with the pair getting into one last confrontation. Tommy decided to go to her house after his son Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) said the property would be empty because of the intense manhunt for the criminal. Tommy turned up with a jerry can of petrol and there were fears audiences could see a repeat of Happy Valley season one - but this time he would take down Catherine in her own home. But when Catherine did find him sitting at her kitchen table, the ended up having a tense talk rather than a physical fight like the previous seasons. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, criminologist and former prisoner governor Professor David Wilson said this scene could well have played out very differently in real-life with Tommy trying to kill Catherine. He said: “Well, that’s difficult to predict because of course he’s a character rather than a real person. If he was a real person, he would have definitely have attacked her. But who knows? “In terms of the drama, he was very injured and physically weak and had been drinking and taking pills and so physically he wasn’t really up to being up to being physical.” READ MORE: Countryfile backlash as fans scream at BBC over Adam mining segment However, he said if Tommy had found Catherine after she’d dozed off on her sofa while looking through photo albums, it could have been a different story. “If he had got her in that moment, we would have seen a very different reaction, I’m sure,” Professor Wilson said, describing it as the “most frightening moment” of the final episode. Reflecting on whether there was any redemption in Tommy’s final scene, Professor Wilson confirmed there was none. He said: “I think what was being revealed was about the depth of psychopathy and obviously you mustn’t underestimate how badly injured he had been in his fight with the Knezevics and their henchmen.” Addressing the villain’s psychopathy, Professor Wilson said: “The most revealing things about Tommy was when he was attacking the Knezevics and he was clearly revelling in taking their lives.” The prolonged and brutal violence was yet another reminder of Tommy’s true nature, despite what he told Catherine when they met. The academic at Birmingham City University said he was a fan of Happy Valley and other crime dramas, saying he was a self-confessed crime drama and true crime “junkie”. Compared to the controversial and underwhelming Line of Duty and Dexter finales, Professor Wilson said: “What I want from an ending of a series of this kind is not just the loose ends - we could debate how well the loose ends were tied up, but I wanted the narrative arc of the principal characters to be finished, for there to be a denouement to what they might have been experiencing throughout the series. I felt I got that.” He praised the show for concluding Catherine’s arc of “grief and trauma”, saying: “I felt all of that was satisfactory for me. I love the hint that far from Ryan being like his father, it was quite clear that emotionally that he was like his grandmother and she called him a ‘prince’.” Professor went on to say about Tommy’s supposed feelings for his son Ryan and Becky Cawood (Emily Barnett): “I thought nothing he was saying at the end was authentic, it was just narcissistic. It was really just part of him being a psychopath and so I thought it was about him maintaining control at the end by burning himself. He prevents the criminal justice system from judging him.” Professor Wilson added: “He has no genuine feelings. So he doesn’t know what forgiveness means. He knows there’s a word called ‘forgiveness’ but he doesn’t know what that means. He doesn’t feel that.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [THEORY]Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'failed miserably' [INTERVIEW]Happy Valley viewers blast 'disappointing' finale [VIEWER REACTION] Professor Wilson has dealt with many real-life psychopaths and hailed the scene for being true to life. Moreover, he said it was “absurd” Tommy announced he was forgiving Catherine and again tapped into the villain’s self-centred tendencies and warped outlook on life. Along with his academic research and teaching, Professor Wilson is also part of Channel 4’s true crime series In The Footsteps of Killers, which he leads with Emilia Fox of Silent Witness and The Trial of Christine Keeler fame. The pair true to find new leads and evidence on cold cases in the hopes of finding resolutions to these old investigations with the new series airing at the moment. Happy Valley seasons 1 to 3 are streaming on BBC iPlayer now In The Footsteps of Killers is on Channel 4 now