A reckless teenager who careered his Fiesta into a lorry after a 100mph police chase was spared jail. Oliver Clark's vehicle disintegrated in an explosion after the impact, in which a police car was also badly damaged. A court heard Clark, 19, was in a coma for days after the smash but fortunately no one else was hurt.  But the teenager's 12-month jail term was suspended for two years on Friday, even though a judge conceded the case had "every aggravated feature you can think of" for dangerous driving. Judge John Thackray KC said: "You should consider yourself extremely fortunate." He added it was only "pure chance" that no one had been killed in the pursuit and the collision which dramatically ended the chase. The judge told Clark he would have served many years in prison and live the rest of his life with the knowledge that he had killed someone had the crash proved fatal. He said the case had "every aggravated feature you can think of " for dangerous driving. Clark, of Grimsby, Lincolnshire, admitted dangerous driving.  The horrific collision happened on the slip road off the A180 eastbound in Humberside, reports Grimsby Live.  Police officers raced to free the teenager from the wreckage of the Fiesta which ploughed into an embankment shortly after 4am on July 4 last year. Emergency services freed Clark from the wreckage and took him to hospital where he was in a coma for days. He attended at court, only able to walk with the aid of crutches. The police officer from the pursuing traffic car escaped with only minor injuries and shock, the court heard. Fellow police officers had earlier traced Clark's car when it was driven along roads in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire. The white Ford Fiesta was later detected travelling through a nearby village. A police pursuit was undertaken with police keeping a distance from the suspect vehicle.  Prosecutor, Amber Hobson told how the Fiesta driver sped off, initially exceeding 80mph. Once on the A180, Clark increased to 95mph to try to evade police. They adopted a strategy of containment by keeping the Fiesta on the A180. The dashcam footage showed police cars driving on the near side of the carriageway to prevent the Fiesta driver from exiting the A180 at three separate junctions. The speed of the car reached 100mph as it approached Barnetby Top. The police tactic, called "quartering" enabled police to trail the driver as he headed towards the M180. Other traffic cars were waiting on the motorway to ensure the pursuit was safely concluded. Miss Hobson said: "The tactic was to keep him on the A180 so officers further along could contain him. But that was not successful." Clark swerved off on to the Barnetby Top slip road and collided with the rear of a lorry also heading up the slip road. The prosecutor said: "The police officers made every effort to retrieve the defendant from his vehicle in case it exploded." She said the lorry driver escaped with minor injuries. Mitigation by defence barrister, Craig Lowe, was halted before it could start, as the judge recommended a suspended prison sentence. He banned Clark from driving for two years and ordered him to take an extended retest before obtaining his driving licence. He also imposed 20 rehabilitation days. . 