Three in four councils are putting up the annual levy by five percent in April – the maximum allowed without triggering a local referendum. Councils claim they are finding it near-impossible to make ends meet after being hit by rising costs and increased demands on services. But campaigners warn the increase will make it even more challenging for millions to cope in the cost-of-living crisis. Rural households face even bigger rises. Dennis Reed, director of older people’s group Silver Voices, said: “This is a big blow for hard-up families and older people. Local government finance has been unsustainable for many years. Bills keep going up while services continue to be cut. During a cost-of-living crisis any large rise in bills is difficult.” John O’Connell, chief executive of the TaxPayers’ Alliance, said: “Surging council tax bills are the last thing hard-pressed households need. With the cap on rate rises lifted, local authorities have been given the green light to charge taxpayers for another year of wasteful spending and princely pay packets. “Councils must crack down on waste before coming cap-in-hand to residents.” The County Councils Network (CNN) said local authorities were setting budgets in the most “difficult circumstances in decades”. It analysed documents from English councils that have responsibility for social care. Of the 114 that have published council tax plans for the next financial year, all but one will impose an increase – and 84 are preparing to raise bills by the maximum 4.99 percent. Some 29 councils have chosen not to impose the maximum increase but the lowest rise put forward was two percent. The average Band D household will see bills go up by £99 a year with a 4.99 percent rise. Rural residents are worst-hit: average Band D bills are tipped to soar from £2,000 to £2,149. That is 20 percent higher than average bills in London where Band D homes will pay £1,780 per year from April. County areas have historically received lower government funding than London for services, leaving councils to make up the shortfall through higher taxation. Local authorities say double-digit inflation has left them facing multi-million funding gaps. Rising costs have particularly hit services like pot-hole repairs, where the bill for materials and the contractors has rocketed. School transport has been badly affected by rising fuel prices while leisure centres have been under pressure after facing huge energy bills. Councils say that against the backdrop of rising costs, they are also still facing increased demands for children’s and adult social care. Leaders say they have “little choice” but to push up bills in order to set a balanced budget. The higher tax bills will come in for residents in April at the start of the new financial year. The rise is made up of a 2.99 percent hike on general council tax and a further 1.99 percent for the adult social care precept, which is ring fenced for care services. Overall there are 152 councils in charge of social services - those that are allowed to impose the biggest council tax rises - but 38 are yet to declare their intentions. Three bankrupt councils have been given permission to put up council tax bills by at least ten percent. Levelling-Up Secretary Michael Gove has allowed Croydon Council, south London, to impose a £236 hike - 15 percent - on bills for an average home. Slough and Thurrock Councils will be able to increase bills by 10 percent, a £154 and £144 increase respectively for a Band D home. Croydon Council declared bankruptcy for the third time in November after the Conservatives took control from Labour following “toxic historic mismanagement”. Labour-run Slough Council declared itself bankrupt in July 2021 and Tory-run Thurrock Council went bust in December. Even with a 4.99 percent increase, Hampshire County Council faces a £57.7m funding deficit in the new financial year, which the authority says will have to be filled by reserves. Durham Council faces a £10.2m deficit after proposed cuts of £12.4 million and the maximum council tax rise. Cheshire East Council faces a deficit of £25.4m which will be filled through savings and council tax rises. Leader of Cheshire East Council Cllr Sam Corcoran, Labour vice-chairman of the County Councils Network, said: “With inflation reaching levels not seen for nearly 40 years and with demand-led pressures for care services showing no sign of abating, local authority leaders are setting their budgets in the most difficult circumstances in decades. “We all recognise the cost-of-living crisis is impacting on every household in the country and disproportionally on those with low incomes, but we have little choice but to propose council tax rises again next year, with many councils reluctantly opting for maximum rises.” A Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities spokesman said: “We recognise the pressures councils are facing and have made almost £60 billion available over the next financial year - a nine percent increase on 2022-2023 – with the most deprived areas of England receiving 17 percent more per household this year than the least deprived. “Our approach to council tax balances the need to deliver vital services while protecting residents from excessive increases and we expect local authorities to take into consideration the challenges many households are facing.” A struggling dad-of-five, who fears his monthly council tax payments could rise in to £145 soon, said further increases could leave his family “homeless”. Darren Long, 53, has seen price hikes everywhere he turns, and the last year has been “really difficult”. He said: “I’m basically being priced out of life. With the pandemic and the cost-of-living crisis, I have been making up the shortfall using credit cards and loans. “The credit cards were all at higher interest rates as that was all I was offered. I then took out a loan to repay all the credit cards to make my repayments lower.” “And now, every single month, my bills increase, and I have been near suicidal, especially last April when I had to enter an IVA - individual voluntary arrangements - to help me pay off my debts.” His electricity has risen by £113 and his food bill by £35. He now pays three percent more for his broadband and £13 for his water, each month. And he’s having to work overtime to make up the difference. If his monthly council tax payments, which he was recently told could shoot up from £125 a month to £145, are increased anymore, he could lose his house. The manager of a security company, from Wiltshire, added: “It will soon get to a stage where I have to give everything up just to be able to pay one bill. “Basically, if it carries on like it is my family will become homeless. We are all worried about the future. “If my local council does increase my council tax, however much this is by, I don’t know what I will do.” It is understood not all of Darren’s increase in his council tax bill was because of the annual rise, but down to a change in circumstances. A Wiltshire County Council spokesperson told the Express that it intended to raise council tax payment by 4.99 percent in April - a 2.99 percent general increase and a two percent levy for social care. This will be equivalent to an increase of £1.57 per week for Band D properties. The proposed amount of 4.99 percent does not include the increases proposed by police, fire or individual town and parish councils. Some of its town and parish councils are proposing a higher increase, the Express was told. It is due to send letters out to local residents next week setting out council tax for 23/24, so there are likely to be other reasons why Mr Long’s council tax bill has soared by 16 percent in the last year, such as a change in circumstance.