  Presenter Vanessa Feltz, 60, has made headlines this afternoon after making a dig about her ex Ben Ofoedu being a “snake”. She has since doubled down with yet another cutting Instagram post, after the pair split earlier this month amid allegations of cheating.      Vanessa admitted she was “shocked” and “heartbroken” after hearing of Phats and Small singer’s supposed infidelity at the time and since hit out at her former partner. The TalkTV host shared some wise words of warning from Esther (@astar4real) on her Instagram story this evening in view of her 324,000 followers. In the clip, the video creator can be heard saying: “They say when a clown moves into a palace, he doesn’t become king; the palace becomes a circus. Esther then continued with the warning: “Be careful who you invite into your home and who you give easy access to.     “No matter how in control you are, it only ever takes one clown to destroy everything you’ve built.” In a previous post, the star demonstrated she has not lost her sense of humour after posting a picture of herself petting a snake at the zoo after spending Valentine's Day as a singleton for the first time in 16 years. Posting from Leahys Open Farm in Co. Cork, Ireland, she captioned the snap: “The only snake I want to deal with!” The star appeared to be aiming a dig at Ben, whom she has accused of cheating on her.      Ben and Vanessa were together for 16 years and their relationship was well-known within the Showbiz world. However, a string of allegations have since arisen that Ben repeatedly cheated with a number of women, with Vanessa saying she was disappointed to say the “trust had gone”. Two weeks ago, she confirmed she had left Ben over his behaviour, admitting she was devastated. She said: “I had thought it might take a bit longer before this came out, because it’s a lot to deal with — a shock like this takes some adjusting to — but I am extremely sad and disappointed that my 16-year relationship with Ben is over. READ MORE... Danniella Westbrook rushed to hospital as she's left with 'no money' [NEWS] Dick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer [LATEST] Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [LATEST]      “As an agony aunt I have said many times that once the trust in a relationship is gone, it can never be repaired or regained. “So I have to take my own advice on this occasion,” she told the Sun. “Who knew I’d be single at 60? However, ladies, it’s onwards and upwards and I firmly believe that the best is yet to come.” She added: “I hear that Kylie Minogue is single again, so I’m in good company — if she wants to hit the town, hook me up.”      Another source told the paper: “He has cheated copiously, all over the place, exposing her to all sorts. "It’s pretty horrifying for her and her friends to think about, but she’s a strong, successful woman who will not be beaten by his disgraceful behaviour. “Of course she is heartbroken, ashamed, devastated — but she’s proud too. “The most appalling thing is that he has probably taken advantage of how hard she works, to facilitate his cheating. “She recently launched a show on talkTV which has been taking up a lot of time, so she has been out of the house earning money while he has been disrespecting her.” Express.co.uk contacted Ben’s representatives for comment at the time.   