Kate Middleton and Prince William, the current Prince and Princess of Wales were almost stopped from living together when they were at university. Very few royal fans need reminding that the couple's love story began at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. The couple met during their first year when they were both living at St Salvator's Halls of Residence and would later go on to live with one another. While the couple has now been married for 11 years and share three children, their first years together as students sound idyllic. William and Kate chose to live with two other housemates in the second year of university but ultimately made a home together for their third and fourth years in a private home situated off-campus that belonged to one of William's distant cousins. However, it would seem that the pair almost didn't get to live together at all in their second year due to a problem that their landlord had with previous male tenants. READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  After hearing that there may be a problem, Kate stepped in to secure the house for herself, William and two of their closest friends. During the first year of their studies, both William and Kate moved into St Salvator's Halls of Residence and quickly became friends. Their budding relationship prompted the pair to rent a home together with two other students for their second year. The future Prince and Princess of Wales decided to live at 13A Hope Street near the university with two friends, Fergus Boyd and Olivia Bleasdale.    When Kate went for the viewings she soon heard that there may be an obstacle blocking her from living with William. The landlord, Charlotte Smith, previously explained to ivillage: "We’d had an unfortunate experience with some boys in the flat once before and we were determined not to have young men there again. "Broken furniture, broken windows – there was a lot of damage, so that put us off really. "I said to this young lady we’d really rather not have more boys and she said, 'What if I were to tell you that it was Prince William?' READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  "After some consideration, Smith and her husband relented and allowed William and Fergus to move in. "She later described the Prince as 'very friendly, very charming...thoroughly nice man'." The Prince and Princess chose to move to Balgove House at Strathtyrum for their third and fourth years at university. It was a sprawling private estate located just outside of St Andrews.  The estate is owned by wealthy landowner Henry Cheape, a ­distant cousin of William and a close friend of the Royal Family. The rural home was made safe for the young couple to live in as unmarked police cars patrolled the estate. The house itself was set behind a large wall and had bomb-proof doors and windows. Despite the various security precautions, Kate and William reportedly loved to entertain their many friends at the property – so much so that they installed a champagne fridge. 