Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova reunited at a London fashion show for the first time since the 23-time Grand Slam champion retired. The two tennis stars were fierce rivals on the tour despite their one-sided head-to-head record but they rubbished any rumours of a feud by posing together for a photo on Sharapova’s Instagram story. Williams and Sharapova both attended the Moncler Genius show in London on Monday night alongside a series of other sports stars including Lewis Hamilton and Marcus Rashford. The pair have often been spotted together at other events including the Met Gala, but it was their first encounter since the American star joined Sharapova in retirement. The five-time Grand Slam champion marked the occasion by sharing a photo to her Instagram story posing alongside the 41-year-old, writing: “Reunited.” It also marked their first meeting since Sharapova gave birth to her first child last July and confirmed that any inkling of a feud between the two had long been put to bed since their playing days. Their rivalry began in 2004 when Sharapova earned her breakthrough by upsetting Williams to win the Wimbledon title as a 17-year-old seeded at No 13, with many expecting the Russian to go on to become a thorn in the 23-time Grand Slam champion’s side. But it never came to fruition, despite Sharapova earning a second win over Williams at the 2004 WTA Finals to lead their head-to-head 2-1. JUST IN: Alcaraz doubles-down on Djokovic threat as teen seeks to dethrone Serb   From then until their final meeting at the 2019 US Open, it was the 73-time title winner who won every other match they played and ended their rivalry with a 20-2 lead, failing to let Sharapova get the better of her again. The Russian was still able to keep winning Majors, completing the career Grand Slam and ending her career with five. There was still an indication of some hard feelings between the pair when Sharapova published her autobiography Unstoppable in 2017, in which she gave her theory on why she could never beat Williams after 2004. “In analysing this, people talk about Serena’s strength, her serve and confidence, how her particular game matches up to my particular game, and, sure there is truth to all of that,” she wrote. “But, to me, the real answer was there, in this locker room, where I was changing and she was bawling. I think Serena hated me for being the skinny kid who beat her, against all odds, at Wimbledon.” DON'T MISSKyrgios defended for 'throwing middle finger' as Tursunov lauds starMurray and Zverev downplay injury woes ahead of blockbuster Doha clashRaducanu's ex-coach gives rare insight into 'demanding' work ethic Despite her claims, Sharapova and Williams have long since buried the hatchet and also posed together for a photo at the Met Gala in 2021 with Serena’s sister Venus. In an online Q&A, Venus later explained the meeting and said she and her sister wanted to see the former world No 1 back on tour. “First of all, Serena and I were talking about Maria the day before. We were like, ‘Damn, I wish Maria was still playing,’” she revealed. “And we saw her, and we both told her separately, ‘Oh my gosh, we were just talking about you yesterday, we wish you were still on Tour.’ We were so happy to see each other. There was hugs, there was laughing, there were stories, and there was a photo.” 