Boris Johnson noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin came off as "pretty desperate" as he delivered his annual speech to the nation. Putin accused the West of causing the ongoing war in Ukraine with its push to get Kyiv into NATO. But Johnson rejected the allegation, insisting Putin's desire to recreate the "Soviet Empire" is the cause of his own misery. The former Prime Minister said: "I think he's pretty desperate. "What he said is ludicrous – the West had absolutely no role in starting this war. "This was a war of choice he initiated, it was his vicious and unprovoked attack on Ukraine on February 24 last year that started this war. "Ukraine was never going to join NATO in any realistic timescale, he knew that." READ MORE: What Joe Biden has promised Ukraine during his historic surprise visit to Kyiv Johnson continued: "He did this principally for his own domestic reasons, and he wants to rebuild the Soviet Empire. "He's currently failing in all his strategic objectives, he failed to get Kyiv, he failed to conquer Kharkiv and he failed in Kherson. "But the war is very bitter, very bloody and he needs to be pushed out of the whole of Ukraine and we need to give the Ukrainians they need now." In his speech, Putin also appeared to suggest he is prepared to extend the war beyond the borders of Ukraine – and to employ nuclear weapons to secure Russia. But the former Prime Minister told CNN the Russian leader's rhetoric is part of a strategy to "creep us out" and force Western nations to stand down efforts to help Kyiv. He said: "[He is going] to try and introduce into the conversation continually the idea of nuclear missile exchanges, the unpredictable consequences of this becoming a nuclear conflict. "It's very, very important we don't allow him to do that, we don't allow him to frame this conflict as some kind of nuclear standoff between nuclear-armed NATO and a nuclear-armed Russia. "This is about the invasion of an innocent European country by conventional means." President Biden warned Putin the United States and NATO allies will continue to offer their support to Ukraine until Russian troops leave the country. Biden renewed Washington's commitment during a visit to Poland to meet President Andrzej Duda and other members of the Bucharest Nine – which was formed in 2015 as a result of growing Moscow aggression and brings together the nations bordering Russia. During his visit, Putin is believed to have authorised the test of one of his Sarmat nuclear missiles, also known as the Satan II. An official familiar with the matter told CNN Moscow gave the United States advance notice about the test through deconfliction lines. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews