Brooklyn Beckham, 23, and his actress wife Nicola Peltz made it clear no expense would be spared as they splurged at luxurious Japanese restaurant Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills. The pair ordered an eye wateringly expensive wine to celebrate their first Valentine's Day as a married couple. Just hours earlier, Instagram followers had taunted Brooklyn's gesture of love - a heart-shaped faux tree consisting of dozens of red roses - and quipped that he looked like he was about to drop it. They also mocked his attire, as he appeared to be totally naked apart from a strategically placed towel - and a baseball cap. However, if the couple were concerned over the trolling, they didn't show it when they returned to the app later to boast of their pricey purchase. "Special day, special bottle of 2015 mouton," Brooklyn wrote on his Instagram Stories, as he enjoyed the Chateau Mouton Rothschild with his beloved wife. READ NOW: Bruce Willis' family announce he has been diagnosed with dementia The pair are also believed to have splashed out more than £100 on a sushi selection for their night out. They had previously been made figures of fun over the backwards baseball cap Brooklyn had worn in a photo clutching Nicola's Valentine's Day gift. David Beckham's eldest son is renowned for his casual clothing, and has been known to have worn jeans on the red carpet in the past - even when Nicola was flaunting some seriously chic fashion alongside him. However, although some followers mocked his gesture, his wife made it clear she adored it. Publishing the candid snap on her page, she admitted that she had found the surprise "the best way to wake up ever". The actress, who also passionately declared him her "forever Valentine", added: "I love you so much baby!! I’m so lucky I get you forever!" Brooklyn weighed in with his own very similar words, writing: “Happy Valentine’s Day to my forever baby x I’m the luckiest man I get to have you as my valentines every year forever!" Despite the ribbing on the photo, it has become the most popular post Nicola had made all month, with 229,000 fans hitting the like button in its honour. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [INTERVIEW] Anne Hathaway leaves little to the imagination in see-through dress [PICTURES] Amanda Holden cheekily flashes legs in skimpy pink skirt for birthday [BIRTHDAY]  Selena Gomez, however, who is one of Nicola's best gal pals, quipped of the rose tree: "Lol he’s about to drop it!!" She received a public reply with a string of laughter emojis, promising: "Sending you the other pics now!" Three days earlier, she and Selena seemed to have been having an early "Galentine's Day" as Nicola posted a photo of the pair lounging together with a tasty meal, and dubbed her "my angel sister". Nicola also posted a message declaring her love for a publicist pal, whose birthday coincided with the day of love. She wished Alex Schach many happy returns, adding affectionately: "I love you so much!" Meanwhile, at home, Nicola and Brooklyn have been sharing the love with the adorable white pup they acquired a few months back, who they've named Lamb. Nicola made sure he wasn't left out on Valentine's Day by sharing multiple snaps of their cute fluffball on her page. Though she says she and Brooklyn scarcely interacted at all when she first met him through her brother, Diesel, at the Coachella festival, she is now letting the world know she's immersed in marriage with her beau for the long haul.