Tottenham may have already been shown the perfect replacement for Harry Kane in 18-year-old Brighton striker Evan Ferguson. The Irishman has broken into the Seagull's first team under Roberto De Zerbi and has started four of the last five matches as he solidifies himself as the Italian’s first-choice striker following the international break. Tottenham may soon need to replace talismanic striker Kane with his contract expiring in 18-months time. A host of clubs have already been creditted with an interest in his services with Manchester United and Bayern Munich believed to be weighing up making a move in the summer. Spurs are reluctant to lose their star man but may have their hand forced if a suitable offer comes in to avoid losing him for nothing in six months' time. The club are believed to be holding out for at least £85million to deter potential suitors however this may not be enough given the 29-year-old’s obvious quality. Should the north London side be forced into the transfer market for a replacement they may not have to look any further than Premier League rivals Brighton. Teenager Evan Ferguson has broken into the side this season and looks to have the potential to become one of the best strikers in the country in the coming years. READ MORE: Chelsea agreed Fernandez deal with clubs 'ran to sign documents' He has become De Zerbi’s first-choice striker in the weeks since the World Cup hiatus and has made the most of his opportunity. The Irishman has scored four goals across nine appearances in all competitions this season with three coming since play resumed. His current manager has been keen to talk up his new prodigy as a result of his performances suggesting he has all the qualities to become a top striker. “I’m happy for Evan, he played a fantastic game,” he said after Ferguson scored against Everton in January, becoming the youngest player to score in consecutive Premier League appearances since Federico Macheda in 2009 in the process. “He has big potential and I think he can help us in the second part of the season. With Danny Welbeck, he can be very important as our striker. Evan could become a great striker because he has all the qualities, both physical and technical.” DON'T MISSChelsea's Enzo Fernandez sent bitter message from Benfica boss SchmidtChelsea may already have signed their long-term Jorginho replacementChelsea fail to get their way as 'tense' Enzo Fernandez talks held However, it has not all been plain sailing for the youngster and he could now be set for a spell on the sidelines after being on the receiving end of an awful challenge from Fabinho in the FA Cup this weekend. Brighton are hopeful that the injury will not be too bad and that he will be back in the starting lineup soon. It remains to be seen how long Kane will remain at Tottenham but the club could already have a ready-made replacement for whenever the England captain decides to call time on his spell in north London.