  Tasha Ghouri, 24, has hit back at critics after her boyfriend Andrew Le Page, 28, received a mixed reception for his outfit during London Fashion Week. The Love Island star wowed many of his followers with the lilac ensemble, but some people- posted negative comments about the suit.      Tasha and Andrew met last Summer on Love Island, finishing as finalists, and appear to have gone from strength to strength ever since. The pair recently attended London Fashion Week together in some colourful outfits, where they posed for some snaps on the catwalk as part of the biannual fashion exhibition on Monday. Andrew looked fantastic in lilac flared trousers and a matching, loose fit jacket, which he wore without a shirt. The stylish ensemble, which was designed by Patrick McDowell, also included some bright white trainers and a necklace. READ MORE: Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else'     Tasha also modelled a piece from Patrick McDowell, wowing her followers in a Chartreuse co-ord set, which she paired with some sky-high black stiletto heels. After the event, Andrew teased fans at the time: "Very excited to show you all what I wore last night for LFW. Let's just say I don't think you'd expect it". The ITV star went on to post snaps of himself wearing the outfit on Instagram yesterday afternoon with the caption: “In my fashion era.” Despite plenty of positive comments about Andrew’s trendy look, he was also met with disapproval from some of his followers.      As reported by the Daily Star, one social media user wrote: "Bro …this ain't it," as another echoed: "Not an era you need to return to anytime soon." Meanwhile, the Daily Mail reports one user writing: “What in the Aladdin is happening.” “And I'm a fan so don't block me, I just don't like it. You still look handsome though,” wrote another follower. One penned: “If this is fashion then shoot me. What a generation we are living in.” READ MORE... Emma Thompson left 'seriously ill' by Oscars twice [INSIGHT] Sophie Turner and Alex Scott turn up the heat at BAFTAs [UPDATE] Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass dad David [NEWS]      At this point, Tasha came to his defence, writing: "People are not understanding what fashion is in the comments. “Props to you for going outside the box. Proud of you.” She also added: 'I'll never get over this moment,' followed by fire emojis. Many other users echoed Tasha’s sentiments, pointing out that other commenters might simply be criticising Andrew because they feel insecure about their own masculinity.     “It's literally SO hot when guys are secure enough to experiment with fashion,” one person said. “Sad to see so much retrogressive fragile masculinity nonsense in these comments.' “Love this!” another agreed. “Women wear ‘mens’ clothes all the time... “Why can't men dress more feminine?”   