Costner’s John Dutton has been integral in making Yellowstone one of Paramount’s biggest shows ever thanks to his performance as the Dutton patriarch alongside showrunner Sheridan’s gripping storytelling. However, with reports suggesting Matthew McConaughey could be set to fill Costner’s void if he leaves the Yellowstone universe, fans are wondering if John could meet his demise in season five at the hands of adoptive son-turned-political nemesis Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley). After all, the season five midseason finale certainly teed up a deadly and intriguing rivalry between the Governor of Montana and his adoptive son. With Sarah Atwood (Dawn Olivieri) in his ear, Jamie has sought to impeach John from office and even outed his father’s murderous “train station” to Beth (Kelly Reilly). After being assaulted by Beth, Jamie now even has the possibility of murdering John on his mind thanks to Sarah, although it’s safe to say John is contemplating a similar course of action to put a stop to Jamie’s antics. With it seeming at least one Dutton may have to perish when season five returns, combined with Costner’s supposed work conflicts, star Bentley has teased John could well be the one who’s taken out. READ MORE: Mariska Hargitay pays tribute to Law and Order SVU's Ice-T Bentley’s tease came as he discussed a possible reconciliation between Jamie and Beth, as he admitted: “Kelly [Reilly] and I have always had this sort of secret hope that there would be some reconciliation, some love reconnection or at least [some circumstance in which] they worked together in some way.” However, Bentley admitted Sheridan has always said “no, no, no” to that idea, admitting he “hated” the thought of the Dutton family finding peace. Bentley went on during the chat with TV Line at the recent SCAD TVFest: “I can’t imagine it ending like that. “It’s sort of like that quote George RR Martin gave about Game of Thrones, ‘If you think this has a happy ending, you’re not paying attention.’” While this alone certainly supports the theory of a possible Dutton death, Bentley didn’t stop there. He also told the publication Jamie’s a “critical thinker” before teasing “critical thinkers are steps ahead”. Could Jamie and Sarah’s “step ahead” ultimately lead to John’s demise? Jamie’s certainly not one to shy away from killing in order to save his own skin, after all. DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends' Meghan Crumpler fiance rushed to ‘urgent care’NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to 'most talented' co-starTammy Slaton's pay for 1000lb Sisters explained as star hits goal Jamie ended up killing journalist Sarah Nguyen (Michaela Conlin) in a fit of rage when she threatened to publish the murderous truth about John earlier in the series. Then fans will undoubtedly remember when he turned a gun on his own biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) towards the end of season four as well. Beth had blackmailed Jamie into killing his real father after she discovered her adoptive brother knew Garrett was behind the ambushes on the Duttons back in season three. So to avoid the wrath of Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser), Jamie killed Garrett and took his body to the “train station”. It is worth noting Bentley confirmed he didn’t know exactly what will happen when Yellowstone returns, however. Reports of Yellowstone ending and Costner’s imminent exit were shared by Deadline earlier this month, with the actor reportedly now only wanting to dedicate a week to film the entirety of season five’s second half. However, a Paramount spokesperson said: “We have no news to report. Kevin Costner is a big part of Yellowstone and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come. “Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner.” Yellowstone season 5 returns to Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK in the summer of 2023.