Tommy Fury baffled onlookers as he stripped off shirtless for a 4am street fight in Manchester last September against his own brother Roman. The 23-year-old was seen throwing rights and lefts as another man desperately tried to break up the fight between the pair. Footage obtained by The Sun shows the entire event as it unfolded with witnesses shocked by what they had just seen. One observer told the publication: “We were going on holiday and our friend was picking us up at around 4am. “After we put our bags in the boot we were about to drive off and then we saw Tommy topless. He was shouting at his brother and that’s what made us notice him.” However, a source close to Tommy insists it was only a playfight: “They weren’t in a row and were just messing around - he’s close to his brother and Tommy can fight - if he meant it, you’d see it in the video.” Roman, like Tommy, is also a professional boxer. The 26-year-old made a successful professional boxing debut against experienced journeyman Ryan Hibbert in October and is set to compete again next month against Ryan Labourn. Roman has no amateur boxing experience and only started boxing during lockdown but made the transition in order to follow the family tradition. MORE BOXING NEWS... Floyd Mayweather beats Aaron Chalmers as fans snub British debut Jake Paul worth three times more than Raducanu and Russell Inside Tommy Fury's £3.5m mansion, cars, partner and incredible life Speaking ahead of his debut, Roman told VIP Boxing: “I don’t want to rush things. I don’t want to box on big bills just because I carry the ‘Fury’ name. You can’t run before you can walk and the VIP Boxing shows are ideal for me to learn my ringcraft and build. I could have had amateur fights, but I am around professional boxers and learning that side of things. “Amateur fights would have been a nice experience, but I would rather go into the pro ranks and learn. These shows will improve me. I started late and don’t have time to waste two or three years in the amateurs so I have to progress quickly. Tyson, Tommy, our Dad and Jimmy all said just get straight into professional boxing.” "If it’s nothing else it’s a story,” he added. “How many people do you know that jump into it right at the deep end, no experience or nothing, and do well for themselves? But that’s the challenge and I like a challenge.”