Manchester United's ownership status could soon change as two official bids were reportedly lodged before Friday's soft deadline, with potential for others to follow. Red Devils fans are invariably keen to see the back of the Glazers, who have been at the helm in 2005, but what happens next is effectively down to their controversial owners. A bid led by Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani, the chairman of a major Qatari bank, was confirmed via a statement on Friday. Sir Jim Ratcliffe, chief of petrochemical giants INEOS, has also reportedly thrown his hat into the ring with a rival proposal submitted before the 10pm deadline. Ratcliffe had previously made public his interest in buying United although INEOS are yet to release an official statement. One was put out on behalf of Al Thani, however, which promised to rid the club of debt and pump significant investment into infrastructure and community projects. "The vision of the bid is for Manchester United to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world," it added. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd  With the soft deadline now in the rear-view mirror, United fans will have to wait to find out exactly what happens next as the ball lies in the Glazers' court. The American billionaires have set no exact timeline for the sale of the club to go through, and extending the deadline for other investors to come forward has not been ruled out. New entrants to the frame could spark a public bidding battle which may bank the Glazers an even bigger sum. They paid £790million to purchase the Red Devils in 2005 and Al Thani's bid on Friday night is thought to be worth at least £4billion, which would make United the most expensive sports team in history.  It remains to be seen whether the Glazers deem such an offer to be sufficient, however, with their own valuation supposedly set at £5bn. If they do agree to either of the bids submitted before Friday's deadline, the proposal would then have to be ratified by the Premier League. That process could be drawn out, depending on the source of the money and the nature of the buyer. The Qatari bid, led by Al Thani, is not without scrutiny as French giants Paris Saint-Germain also have strong links to the Middle-Eastern state. Proof will need to be shown that the owners are two completely separate entities as UEFA does not allow teams with the same owners to both compete in the Champions League.  United fans may take encouragement from the fact that Chelsea were taken over by Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital in a matter of three months just last year, but the process was rushed through due to the unique circumstances of former owner Roman Abramovich. A much longer example of a big-money takeover is provided by Newcastle United. A consortium led by the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund first registered their interest in April 2020, but the acquisition was not finalised until 18 months later. Back in November, the Glazers announced that they were 'exploring strategic alternatives', but they have never publicly stated their commitment to a full sale of Man Utd.