Liverpool may not take on any new investment after all with Fenway Sports Group chief executive Sam Kennedy raising doubts on any new money coming into the club. It was back in November that FSG had begun engaging with Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs to oversee a potential sale and the possibility of investment from elsewhere. It was reported that FSG set an asking price of £4billion for a full sale with several investors said to have shown an interest. But that interest doesn't appear to have translated into any progressive talks of late with no official bids made. With Manchester United up for sale by the Glazers, it's been suggested that attention has been taken away from investing in the Merseyside club. FSG haven't given up in their search for further investment in the club and Kennedy admits both John Henry and Liverpool chairman Tom Werner are still committed to the club while the process continues. But the FSG chief also admits that he's uncertain whether any investment will arrive in the near future. "We did a while back engage investment banks, we've been open about that," Kennedy told said on the Private Equity Deals Podcast.  "We've been open in our willingness to take on investment into the club, will it happen or not, I don't know. But we share a common vision with all of our partners and that is long-term. John (Henry, FSG principal) and Tom (Werner, Liverpool chairman) have been at this for 21 years but you would think they had been at it for 21 days. "They are enthusiastic and excited for everything at Fenway Sports Group and think about what's next. We do focus a lot on ways that we can help increase revenues (at Liverpool) and the growth we've seen over in Liverpool has been extraordinary, and I think that's because markets like the United States are just sort of catching on to the excitement around this league.  "We'll see what the future holds for Liverpool but it's been an amazing business." Investment from Qatar had previously been touted as a possibility at Liverpool, but it's now being reported that they have now 'moved on'. The Qatar Investment Authority are now supposedly focusing their efforts on a bid for United ahead of the Glazers' 'soft deadline'. Liverpool and United aren't the only Premier League club reportedly seeking new ownership though with Tottenham also said to be listening to offers. Phoenix Suns owner Jahm Najafi was spotted in London recently and has been linked with a bid to buy Spurs.