Wales players could go on strike due to a delay in their contracts being renewed under new terms, with one member of Warren Gatland's side reportedly on anti-depressants and unable to apply for a mortgage amid the crisis. Wales are set to host England for a crunch Six Nations clash in Cardiff on February 25, but their players are reportedly threatening strike action if the situation is not solved. There is a contract freeze amongst Welsh internationals with the WRU yet to confirm a new funding deal with the country's regional sides that would lift the freeze. Ospreys, Cardiff, Scarlets and Dragons are yet to agree the alleged fixed variable contracts that would see players split into wage tiers, with most players earning between £30,000 and £100,000-a-year. Salaries could fall in the new deal, with the biggest stars set to be offered around £280,000 per season, compared to the £400,000 some internationals currently earn. While the dispute continues players are seeing their contracts running out with no certainty over their futures. The Daily Mail reports that professional players from across Wales are set to attend an emergency meeting this week to discuss strike action. The dispute could also be distracting players on the pitch with Wales sitting bottom of the Six Nations table following defeats against Ireland (10-34) and Scotland (35-7). READ MORE: England's Freddie Steward hopes 'special' Six Nations can repair rugby after 'rough ride'   One Welsh star, who has played in both Six Nations defeats, told the Mail: "I can’t believe I’m five months away from the end of my contract and eight months away from the World Cup and my future isn’t certain yet. "I can’t apply for a mortgage and I’m on antidepressants. I’m also one big injury away from not having a job in July yet I’m starting for Wales every week and the WRU is making tens of millions from international matches."  Cardiff and Wales international Willis Halaho vented his frustration with the delay on Twitter. He said: "Must be nice knowing you can still provide for your kids in about five months. Y’all don’t know but I feel the anxiety in the changing room chat with the boys post training." A prominent figure in the Welsh regional game also shared the concern of the mental welfare of players. He added: "The uncertainty of not knowing if they have a job for next season is having a huge impact on all the players in Wales, not just the national squad. They have had enough. Everything is on the table including strike action." The Daily Express has contacted the WRU for a statement about the situation. 