Fears are growing over former Chelsea and Newcastle star Christian Atsu who has been caught under the rubble of the devastating earthquakes in Turkey, according to reports from the country. Search and rescue teams are searching for the winger and Hatayspor sporting director Taner Savut. More than 1,000 people have been killed in an earthquake that has rocked Turkey and neighbouring Syria. A first 7.8 magnitude quake struck in southern Turkey in the early hours of Monday morning. All sporting events in Turkey have been cancelled due to the earthquake. Syrian authorities are reporting nearly 400 deaths, while the earthquake could also be felt in Lebanon, Cyprus and Israel. It comes the morning after Atsu scored a stunning late winner on his debut in Hatayspor’s 1-0 win over Kasimpasa. The star, who also played in the Premier League on loan at Everton, struck seven minutes into added-time to give his side an important win. Atsu was a £3.5million signing for Chelsea in the summer of 2013. He failed to play for the Blues after joining from Porto but made 80 Premier League appearances for Newcastle and Everton. DON'T MISS...Chelsea have themselves to blame as Mount puzzled by contract offerLiverpool given Jude Bellingham headache amid Mason Mount opportunityLineker gives glowing verdict of Man Utd and Chelsea target Osimhen  He said of his Chelsea career in 2021: “That [joining Chelsea] was the right decision that I made, if someone tells me this road is wrong, they must know what would have happened if I’d stayed at Porto. "Would I be at a big European club now? Maybe, but nobody can tell me that for certain. If Chelsea want to sign you, how can you say no? I believed I could make it at Chelsea so I went there. It didn’t happen but that does not make it a bad move.” Atsu joined Newcastle permanently in 2017 following a year on loan. He departed the Magpies in 2021 and had a spell in Saudi Arabia before joining Hatayspor in January. His goal on Sunday evening arrived on his debut for his new club.