Nicola Bulley’s friend has appealed for one critical piece of evidence that could point to what happened to the missing mum-of-two. Jill Peck highlighted a “missing” section of road in the police investigation, which could be a “blind spot”. She has called for calling for anyone with dash-cam footage to come forward as Ms Bulley’s family and friends “just need answers”. The leader of a specialist investigation team who deployed the “world’s best” sonar equipment to trace Nicola, to no avail, said his “gut instinct” was that there was a “third party” involved. Talking to GB News, Ms Peck said: “We just need some answers, we need factual facts, we need evidence. Anyone out there that feels they may have dashcam footage, there's a section of road that we're missing, Garstang Road towards St Michaels. We just need some answers.” Police earlier identified a key ten-minute gap in their knowledge of Ms Bulley’s movements on the day she disappeared. The gap is between 9.10am when she was last seen, and 9.20am, which is when police believe her phone was placed on the bench where it was later found. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley’s dog likely ‘went back to spot where it last saw her' Another key piece of missing information is the CCTV camera, which “would have seen everything” according to Ms Ann, but was the only one broken in that area. Lancashire Police have admitted that “blackspots” have affected their investigation. They have issued an appeal for drivers and cyclists that used the river path on the morning of Friday, January 27. Detectives maintain their “working hypothesis” that Ms Bulley fell into the river. However, they are still carrying out a number of enquiries as the search enters its 13th day. Ms Peck thanked the private diving team, Specialist Group International (SGI), for their help. On Sunday, Express.co.uk revealed the team was being brought in to use their world-class technology to aid in the search, after the offer of their services to police for free was initially rejected.  Ms Peck added: “More than ever, as a family and as friends we're keeping hope. We're trying our best to stay positive. We want to bring Nikki home, her two little girls need her and they're desperate for her back to cuddle them in at night.” Various sightings of Ms Bulley have allowed police to trace her footsteps on January 27 - the day she disappeared. She dropped her daughters off at school and left the car parked there, before walking along a river path and into a field. Her phone, still connected to a conference call with a new client she was reportedly “excited” about, was found on a bench near the river. SGI yesterday began using their technology to search a new area that police had previously disregarded. DON'T MISS:Missing mum search may take months as police examine all evidence [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley diver announces plan to search overlooked part of river [INSIGHT]Five of the UK’s most baffling missing person cold cases [ANALYSIS] Founder of the company Peter Faulding said if his team cannot locate Nicola in the river then she is not there. He told GB News: “She could be in this part of the river. If Nicola is not here, then I don't know where she's gone. She's disappeared off the face of the earth and I'm pretty confident in saying that.” Police have rejected suggestions that missing mother-of-two Nicola Bulley could have been a victim of crime. Supt Sally Riley, of Lancashire Police, said “every single” potential suspicion or criminal suggestion that had come in, had been looked at by detectives and discounted. She added: “At the moment there are around five hundred active pieces of information and lines of enquiry that we are working on to try and find answers for Nicola’s family.” In a statement released on Monday through Lancashire Police, her partner Paul Ansell said: “I have two little girls who miss their mummy desperately and who need her back.”