Scream 6 is taking the series - and Ghostface - to new heights. This time around, the mysterious murderer is hitting New York City to finish what he started, and to kill off those who got away from him in 2022's Scream (5). But who is in the cast this time around? Panettiere returns to the franchise for the first time since Scream 4 back in 2011. Last time around, she barely survived the movie unscathed. This time around, she is on the offensive. Judging by the trailers, she is trying to figure out just who the Ghostface killer is and bring him to justice. Although, because she has made a surprise comeback to the series after two film absences, could she actually be behind the murderous mask? Fans will recognise Panettiere from the incredible TV show Heroes, as well as the horror video game Until Dawn. Cox is a stalwart in the Scream franchise, and she's making her comeback to the series once again in Scream 6. This time around, Weathers is a morning show host as well as a famous survivor of the Ghostface killings. On top of writing a book about her experiences in the previous five Scream movies, the Friends star will no doubt be involved in the events of the thrilling attacks once again. Will she be able to stop the Ghostface killer once and for all this time? Or is she destined to be in danger for her entire life? Barrera made her debut in the fifth movie in the series, Scream, back in 2022. She returns this time around after barely surviving the Ghostface killer's rampage back in Woodsboro. As a result, she fled to New York City with her sister, Tara Carpenter. The actress is relatively new to Hollywood and has previously starred in In The Heights and the musical drama Carmen. Tara joined Sam on her journey to New York City after leaving Woodsboro. She is another survivor of the attacks that took place in Scream (5). The American actress is best known for playing Wednesday in the Netflix TV show of the same name, by director Tim Burton. Although she is relatively new to Hollywood, she has already made a massive impact on the industry. But does this mean her character is not long for the world of Scream if she has even bigger projects to work on? Mindy Meeks-Martin is the twin of Chad Meeks-Martin, and a fellow Woodsboro resident. She also joined the Carpenters in travelling to New York City to get away from everything - but obviously, things aren't going to be that easy. Savoy Brown is also relatively new to Hollywood, having only previously been in Scream before hitting Scream 6. She also starred in the 2021 slasher Sound of Violence, in which she played the protagonist Alexis Reeves. Mindy's twin brother is played by Mason Gooding, who viewers may recognise from Scream 2022, as well as the Olivia Wilde coming-of-age comedy Booksmart. He also played a major part in the survival-thriller picture Fall, which hit cinemas in 2022. Chad joined his twin sister and his friends, the Carpenters, in going to New York City after barely surviving the Woodsboro attacks. Weaving has become a big name in the horror industry. After making a splash in her 2019 hit Ready or Not, she starred opposite Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe in Guns Akimbo a year later. She also played the daughter of Ted in Bill and Ted Face the Music. Not a lot is known about her Scream 6 character, Laura, but the mystery could mean big things are planned for her arrival. The voice of Ghostface comes, once again, from Roger L Jackson. The voice actor has portrayed the killer since the first Scream movie back in 1996, and nothing has changed there. Although he is not under the mask (as far as we know) he'll play a major part in the new movie. He has previously lent his voice to some major TV shows and movies, including The Legend of Korra, Teen Titans Go! and Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore. Scream 6 hits cinemas on March 10, 2023.