Manchester United could bolster Erik ten Hag’s strikeforce with two forwards in the summer for the price of one as the Red Devils are hoping to land their boss at least one new striker. After Cristiano Ronaldo’s contract was terminated, Wout Weghorst was signed on loan from Burnley to compete with Anthony Martial and has made a positive start to life at Old Trafford. However, it is undecided whether the club will make Weghorst’s move permanent and amid Martial’s continued injury problems United may consider signing two new strikers in the summer. Harry Kane has been mentioned as a top but perhaps unrealistic target, while Victor Osimhen has led a shortlist after his stunning season at Napoli. United and Chelsea are set to battle for Osimhen and pay a potential £100million fee this summer, leaving little room for a second striker at Old Trafford if the Red Devils do land the Nigerian. However, they may have a perfect option if they revisit their interest in Borussia Monchengladbach forward Marcus Thuram. The Frenchman made a strong impression at the World Cup and his contract status ensured he was the recipient of interest from across Europe. Clubs had been hoping to sign him for a nominal fee in January as his contract was set to expire in the summer, but the club have now confirmed that despite attempts to get him to sign a new deal, he will leave on a free transfer in the summer. Speaking to Sport1, Monchengladbach sporting director Roland Virkus said: “We’ve decided to allow Thuram to leave. The fact he will leave on a free is not a positive situation. I can’t sugarcoat it. We have to accept that there are bigger clubs he might move to.” United would likely be one of the numerous clubs interested in signing Thuram on a free transfer in the summer as it would allow a sizable chunk of their transfer budget to be spent on an expensive target such as Osimhen.  While Thuram would unlikely be willing to spend next season as a backup, given that he has his choice of clubs to move to, he is a versatile forward and Ten Hag could use him in several different ways within his system that lately has proven to be very fluid. A move for Thuram could make a potential Osimhen signing more likely as United would have more money available, though their financial situation in the summer is unknown. Current owners the Glazer family have received several offers to purchase the club, including bids from Qatar and Jim Ratcliffe and could have an impact on any future dealings.