Andrew Tate has sent Jake Paul a message of goodwill from prison after his defeat to Tommy Fury on Sunday. Paul fell to a split decision defeat at the hands of his fierce rival over in Saudi Arabia in a decent eight-rounder staged at the Diriyah Arena. Despite decking Fury in the final round, Paul wasn’t able to do enough to edge the decision with two judges scoring it 76-73 in the Brit’s favour and one siding with him at 75-74. The loss marks an end to  Paul’s six-fight undefeated streak, much to the delight of many. None more so than former super-middleweight world champion Carl Froch, who has been caught up in a vicious feud with the YouTuber. While carrying out his broadcast duties for BT Sport, Froch said with a wide grin on his face: "He can’t call himself a professional boxer because he’s gone in against a novice pro and got absolutely whooped, he got obliterated. He wasn’t really in the fight let’s be honest. Ok, it was competitive at stages but look, he’s swinging for the heavens there with that overhand right.” However, Tate chose not to jump on the YouTuber when he was down and instead comforted Paul in defeat.“Always winning isn't the point of God's battles. The point of God's battles is so you can show him the strength of your heart when you lose @jakepaul,” he tweeted. Like Froch, Tate has also been linked to a fight with Paul. However, a mixture of his current circumstances and drawn-out negotiations between the pair means that the fight has been put on the back burner. Tate is currently in detention over in Romania with his brother Tristan after being accused of human trafficking, rape and forming an organised crime group. A Romanian court recently rejected the controversial entrepreneur’s latest appeal to be released and will now remain in custody until March 29 when his next hearing comes up. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua abandoned as fans make feelings clear on AJ's return to the top Fury vs Paul outranks Joshua return as Tyson a clear winner Drake 'at fault' for Jake Paul loss to Tommy Fury Both Andrew and Tristan were arrested in December and have remained behind bars ever since. Andrew’s American lawyer Tina Glandian, recently told The Mirror: "Pre-trial detention is the harshest form of punishment. Terrible things happen to people when they're in custody; people are killed sometimes in custody, it's dangerous and should be the method of last resort.” She added: "They are suffering in prison and the conditions are everything you've heard about a Romanian jail; they're not sanitary, it's very unpleasant there but they are strong men and are doing their best to hold up in there."