Samsung has just revealed its fully rebooted Galaxy S23 Ultra which includes a clever space-aged camera upgrade. This new smartphone can now take pixel-packed photos of the night sky thanks to its Pro Grade 200-megapixel camera which features an Astro Hyerlapse mode for stunning shots of the stars. This new feature basically allows owners to point their Galaxy phones up at the..errr...galaxy and get some impressive results. And it's not just stars that will get a boost as the S23 Ultra should offer better photos of everything taken when the lights get low thanks to a new Adaptive Pixel Sensor and better Night Mode. Samsung is also promising that the new 200-megapixel rear snapper is so pin-sharp you'll be able to turn family photos into poster-sized prints for your walls. Budding Hollywood filmmakers can also shoot impressive videos in stunning 8K at 30fps with clever Super Quad Pixel technology that offers much better image stabilisation making home movies appear silky smooth. Selfie lovers haven't been forgotten in this update with the S23 Ultra also getting a 12-megapixel front-facing camera - that's up from 10-megapixels on the S22 Ultra. This updated lens offers improved bokeh effects and Super HDR (High Dynamic Range) to help add some style to those images of your face. Of course, the S23 Ultra isn't just about the cameras as there is some seriously impressive performance thanks to an exclusive Qualcomm processor tucked under the hood. The Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Galaxy has been specially designed for these devices with Qualcomm boasting that this is "the fastest Snapdragon ever.". Owners should see big performance gains and the S23 Ultra will be particularly impressive for anyone who loves to game on their smartphone. The 8 Gen 2 looks set to offer a console-style experience thanks to hardware-accelerated ray tracing that can deliver graphics with life-like reflections, better lighting and more immersive illuminations. Other features powered by Qualcomm's processor include faster 5G data speeds, smarter AI plus improved Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity. As well as boosting the camera and speed there are some other improvements coming to the Ultra including a 6.8-inch curved screen that features a slightly larger flat surface for improved viewing. This display is covered in Gorilla Glass Victus 2 for better durability and hopefully less chance of it smashing should you drop it on the floor. Samsung is also promising that its new phones are more eco-friendly thanks to additional parts inside that are made from recycled materials such as fishing nets and bottles. Just like last year, there's an S Pen tucked inside so owners can make notes without using their fingers and the phone should easily blast through a full day and beyond thanks to a 5,000mAh power pack. The S23 Ultra will be available in Phantom Black, Cream, Green and Lavender. It's available tp pre-order from today with prices starting from £1,249 for the 256GB version which rises to £1,599 when opting for the 1TB model.