The Ultra Low Emission Zone will expand to cover all London boroughs and the City of London, making it 18 times larger than it is currently. A report commissioned by Transport for London has estimated that 30,000 non-compliant vehicles pass through the ULEZ each day. Figures from AutoTrader show there are just 5,181 compliant vehicles for sale across London and the South East of England on its marketplace. The online marketplace shows that there are only 23,808 ULEZ-compliant vehicles for the entire UK. Many are concerned that this will cause further issues given that not all of these will be affordable for those who want to avoid the daily charges. Daren Jasper, head of commercial vehicles at Select Van Leasing, believes that whilst ULEZs are a step in the right direction in terms of lowering CO2 emissions, the strain on workers in the capital must be considered in the decision to extend them. He said: “The implementation of London's ULEZ has had a significant impact on tradespeople, as they are now required to pay high fees for driving their vehicles within the designated zones. READ MORE: Classic car owners issued warning over seatbelt laws or risk fines “This will potentially be a financial burden on many small businesses and independent tradespeople who rely on vehicles to perform their work. “The shortage of complying vehicles for London’s ULEZ is a significant concern as it limits the effectiveness of the initiative in reducing air pollution and improving air quality. “The lack of availability of compliant vehicles is a result of several factors, including a lack of consumer awareness, limited manufacturing capacity, and high costs associated with purchasing or retrofitting vehicles to meet the ULEZ standards.” It is estimated that more than 200,000 drivers of non-compliant vehicles will be impacted by the extension to London’s outer boroughs. DON'T MISSElderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning [WARNING]Urgent warning as 'crash for cash' fraud rates spike [SHOCKING]Elderly drivers taking mandatory fitness tests may reduce car crashes [INSIGHT] Petrol vehicles registered after 2006 and diesel vans registered since 2016 will evade the charge, under which drivers must pay £12.50 a day to enter the zone. Electric vehicles avoid the charge, as do other specific exemptions including classic cars over 40 years old. Mr Jasper added: “To address this shortage, it's important for manufacturers to increase their production of compliant vehicles and for the Government to provide incentives for consumers to purchase these vehicles. “It's important to note that the ULEZ initiative is part of a larger effort to reduce air pollution and improve air quality in London. READ MORE: E10 warning as greener petrol can 'prevent fuel reaching engine' “Electric vehicles are considered as the way forward in this initiative and it's important to consider the long-term benefits of reducing emissions and improving air quality for the overall health of London's population. “While the immediate cost to tradespeople may be significant, it's important to also consider the potential long-term benefits and to work towards finding solutions such as grants or subsidies to help small businesses transition to electric vehicles." London Mayor Sadiq Khan has launched a £110million scrappage scheme to help drivers buy a new, ULEZ-compliant car. Mr Khan recently appealed to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to help boost the funding available, by pledging a further £110million. The Government has helped fund scrappage schemes for the launch of Clean Air Zones in Birmingham, Bradford, Bristol and Manchester, but not for any ULEZ expansion. The request comes as it is reported the Chancellor has received a £30billion windfall in the public finances ahead of the Spring Budget next month. Mr Khan claimed that if no additional action is taken, it is estimated that around 550,000 more Londoners would develop diseases attributable to air pollution over the next 30 years. This would “condemn a generation of children to ill-health” and cost the NHS and social care system in the region of £10.4billion. The request comes as it is reported the Chancellor has received a £30billion windfall in the public finances ahead of the Spring Budget next month.