Jadon Sancho has enjoyed a resurgence in the short period since his return to action for Manchester United after a three-month hiatus. And he made a special request to Erik ten Hag upon completing a training camp in the Netherlands to continue his development. Ten Hag's appointment of Benni McCarthy to his coaching staff last summer has proven to be a masterstroke. The South African has been central to Marcus Rashford's astonishing headway at Old Trafford in 2023. With 16 goals in his last 17 games, it's no overstatement to say the 25-year-old has been Europe's most dangerous forward since the World Cup. According to the Mail, this comes from working one-on-one with McCarthy, who has helped Rashford become a more direct attacker with his heading a primary focus on improvement. And the report claims that Sancho wanted to get in on the action, asking Ten Hag if he could work one-on-one with the former Premier League star. JUST IN: Man Utd coach Benni McCarthy’s salary decision speaks volumes  The early signs are promising. Since returning to contention under the Dutchman, Sancho has been more confident and direct. The 22-year-old has scored two goals in three starts since his re-emergence against Nottingham Forest on February 1. He's impressed while operating in a central area, likely a switch overseen by Ten Hag, with Bruno Fernandes on the right, which is also garnering a new level of performance from the Portugal international. McCarthy's magic is already paying off for Sancho, and it's understood that Anthony Martial also values his advice. The 45-year-old is well-liked within the United dressing room due to his coaching ability and larger-than-life personality. DON'T MISS Man Utd takeover LIVE - Glazers contact Qatar as Raine set timelineMan Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandBenitez contacts Leeds over manager's job two days after TV appearance He transitioned into coaching after scoring 153 goals in 422 games at club level, including 52 in 140 for Blackburn Rovers. McCarthy finished second behind Didier Drogba in the Premier League Golden Boot race in the 2006/07 season, netting 18 times. He also played Ajax, Porto, Celta Vigo and West Ham United throughout his career and scored 31 goals in 79 caps for South Africa. His new calling is to improve Ten Hag's forwards at Old Trafford, and he's certainly doing a good job of that. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here