Cody Gakpo broke his Liverpool duck as the whiff of derby cordite at last sparked Jurgen Klopp’s side into action. The Dutch striker’s first goal at the seventh time of asking since his £37m transfer from PSV in the January window helped Liverpool to an emphatic win over an overrun Everton at Anfield. With Mo Salah also rediscovering his scoring boots, it was a satisfying night all round for Liverpool who looked much more like the old selves. It only lifted them to ninth in the Premier League table but after what had gone before of late it was as heartening a night for the red side of the city as it was a reality check for the blue. After their victory over Arsenal in Sean Dyche’s first game in charge, there was optimism that Everton could do something similar to an off-colour Liverpool who, heading into last night’s game, were on the worst run of any side in the Premier League with one point from their last four games. But Everton offered little at Anfield, not even much in the way of snap and bite,  and looked what they are - a side in the relegation zone. Without the injured Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Dyche picked Ellis Simms - recalled from loan at Sunderland - as his arrowhead. But he cut a lonely and isolated figure up front and was taken off after an hour of his second league appearance. Liverpool did not give their rivals as much as a sniff. First to everything, and with teenager Stefan Bajcetic showing a maturity beyond his years in midfield, Liverpool dominated throughout. Nunez was a real handful down the left for Liverpool and it was his surging break - after James Tarkowski had hit the post for Everton from a corner - that set up Salah for the opening goal in the 36th minute. With Everton caught upfield, Liverpool’s counterattack was deadly with Nunez exchanging passes with Salah before haring off and delivering a precise cross for the fast-arriving Egyptian as goalkeeper Jordan Pickford, fixated on Gakpo for some reason, left his net unguarded. After five blank Premier League games, the dam finally broke for the relieved Salah. Four minutes after the break it was 2-0. Andy Robertson surged through the heart of the flimsy Everton midfield, released Salah and then the overlapping Trent Alexander-Arnold rolled in the cross past a hesitant Conor Coady for Gakpo to tap home. Liverpool were flowing by now and should have had more. Pickford was called upon to deny Nunez from a tight angle just before the hour mark and Nunez went close again after a terrific run from Gakpo. For Everton substitute Tom Davies’s limp fist far-post header with ten minutes left from a rare opportunity summed up their evening. Part of the Liverpool slump has been down to the long list of absentees but the wounded are on the mend. Diogo Jota, missing for almost four months, came on for the last 20 minutes and Roberto Firmino followed him off the bench for his first appearance of 2023. Virgil van Dijk, back amongst the subs too, made his presence felt in a mass shoving match late which saw Robertson and Pickford booked. On a night when Liverpool were on top in every area, they shaded that fight too.