Real Madrid were disrupted in the early hours of Tuesday morning by an ill-timed firework display outside of their hotel in Liverpool. The La Liga champions visit Anfield in the evening in a mouth-watering rematch of last season's Champions League final in this term's round of 16. Liverpool host Real on Merseyside as they start the final straight to what poses as their final chance of silverware this season. Jurgen Klopp's side suffered fourth-round exits in both domestic cup competitions against Manchester City and Brighton and Hove Albion, respectively. They also find themselves 19 points behind Premier League leaders Arsenal after 22 games and seven outside the top four. It could leave winning a seventh Champions League in May as their primary opportunity to qualify for the competition next season. And fans have seemingly taken it upon themselves to ensure Liverpool head into Tuesday's crunch clash with an advantage. JUST IN: Jadon Sancho made Benni McCarthy request to Erik ten Hag after return Just after 1am, Spanish outlet COPE posted a video of a firework display at least 35 seconds long outside Real's accommodation. It will have been an unwelcome wake-up call for Carlo Ancelotti, his squad and his staff ahead of a crucial match in their Champions League defence. Real arrived in Liverpool on Monday and underwent an open training session at Anfield in preparation. Los Blancos defeated the Reds 1-0 in Paris last May, their second final win against Klopp and co in five years, lifting their 14th Champions League. But many a European giant have fallen at Anfield over the years, and the hosts' hostile welcome has played a significant role in that. DON'T MISS Premier League to be shown on new TV channel after BT Sport buyoutFootball news LIVE: Man Utd takeover latest, Chelsea make Potter callMan Utd takeover LIVE - Glazers contact Qatar as Raine set timeline Fireworks have become a common procedure on the night before high-stakes encounters in all competitions. Everton supporters also turned to the spectacular rockets during their battle for Premier League survival last season. Liverpool will likely have to triumph at Anfield before heading to the cauldron that is the Santiago Bernabeu to have a good chance of progressing to the quarter-finals. But Klopp will have faith in his players and fans to create the latest memorable night in Europe's premier competition. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here