Call the Midwife returns to BBC One for the final episode of the season and wedding bells are ringing. Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) and Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix) are finally taking the next step in their relationship. The actors discussed the couple's future and why babies of their own may not be on the cards. The upcoming episode teases both tragedy and happiness as the couple get married with their friends and family around them. Trixie's brother Geoffrey (Christopher Harper) has made a special visit to plan her hen party. Meanwhile, Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings) sorts out the perfect wedding gifts as the ceremony draws closer. In true Call the Midwife fashion, the finale will still feature plenty of babies as work continues at Nonnatus House. READ MORE: Call the Midwife favourites confirmed to return despite exit fears Actress Helen explained why this could be the reason Trixie and Matthew will not have children of their own. Speaking on the abundance of babies, she said: "I think they should get a dog. I really think we need a dog as a lead character in the show. "And we had a lovely one with Judy Parfitt, but I think some sort of labrador puppy coming into the show would be a really lovely arrival. "Because we have a lot of babies on the show, I'm not sure we need another one but that's for Heidi Thomas and everybody else to decide. "But maybe a dog." She asked her co-star Olly what he thought about the couple getting a pet. He said: "It's kind of out of our hands, I'm always happy to bring a dog into the show, for sure. "They are really focused on the world outside of their home and thus far we have pretty much seen them in that context. "We haven't really seen them in their home so it might be that the story doesn't go into their home. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife stars detail 'heart-stopping' wardrobe malfunction Call The Midwife's Helen George details unlikely drama while filming Call the Midwife viewers to be wowed with marriage of Trixie and Matt "It might be that they continue to sort of look out towards the community and they choose to raise Jonty and have a dog. "And get more involved in Poplar." When asked whether they would stay in London, Olly said he thought they would stay. Helen added: "I think they both really need to be close to Poplar, they realise they have both got so much work to do. "They are both very driven about their work and their commitment to the area so I can't see them moving away. "Perhaps Matthew will buy a weekend house somewhere." Olly said Matthew's main focus will be on changing things around in Poplar in the future. Matthew already has a son, Jonathan, with his late wife Fiona (Jo Herbert), who died shortly after giving birth to him. Following her death, Trixie made it her mission to support the family in whatever way possible. As she and Matthew grew closer, she started to see Jonty as one of her own children. Call the Midwife returns to BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.