Louis has made public appearances at Trooping the Colour and the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, but there is one milestone the four-year-old is yet to reach, his first royal tour. However, there is a logical reason why Louis has not made an official overseas trip yet. The Prince and Princess of Wales's three children, Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, all remained in the UK when the couple carried out a five-day visit to Pakistan in October 2019. At the time, Kensington Palace said it was the Prince and Princess's "most complex tour" to date.     In 2020, the coronavirus pandemic made travel difficult for the next two years, with the royals mainly carrying out visits in the UK. William and Kate carried out their first joint overseas tour since the pandemic in March 2022, where they spent 10 days travelling around the Caribbean. Once again, George, Charlotte and Louis did not accompany their parents on the trip as it took place during term time. George and Charlotte were at Thomas's Battersea school in southwest London at the time, while Louis was enrolled at Willcocks Nursery School.  However, George and Charlotte have experienced royal tours in the past. George made his tour debut in Australia and New Zealand in 2014 when he was just eight months old. The tot stole the show when he met his namesake George the bilby at Taronga Zoo in Sydney and was even given his own soft toy, which he was instantly enamoured with. William and Kate were then joined by their eldest children on their visit to Canada in 2016, where a 16-month-old Charlotte made her royal tour debut. The young royals had fun at a children's party in Victoria, British Columbia, where the Princess spoke her first words in public, as she ran towards a balloon arch and said, "Pop!" READ MORE: Princess Margaret's 'glorious' morning routine uncovered by royal fans  George and Charlotte also accompanied their parents on a visit to Germany and Poland in 2017. But little Prince Louis is still yet to make his royal tour debut overseas. For the year 2023, King Charles is reportedly planning the largest-ever series of official tours in the Commonwealth to "extend a hand of friendship and support”. It has been understood that the monarch will prioritise visits to Australia, New Zealand and a number of Commonwealth realms in the Caribbean.  But there are a number of countries that will also be high on the agenda such as India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. It was also reported that Kate and William are central to these plans and will travel on a number of important tours in the coming year.  The monarch has reportedly already opened discussions with his chief advisers over visits to major Commonwealth countries such as Australia, New Zealand and Canada “as soon as possible”. If this is the case, then Prince Louis could be looking at his first royal tour this year if his parents head to any of these three countries. 