  Former Strictly Come Dancing star James Jordan, 44, has admitted he was left “s****ing himself” after he was pulled over by the police. The star took to Instagram to share footage of the officer in view of his 256,000 followers.     The star appeared to be having a very ordinary morning, after bringing his car to Aylesford Alloys for some standard maintenance. “Brought the car in for a nice little polish, looking spick and span,” he told his followers. “There they are, if you need anything done with your car, these are the guys. I’ve been coming to them for about 10 years now.” However, the next slide on his story revealed that his day had taken a rather dramatic turn. READ MORE: Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else'    “So I’ve just been pulled over by the police because apparently someone is using my number plate on my car,” James revealed. The officer, who was standing outside James’ car, handed back the dancer’s ID as he shared a look of relief. “So yeah, they just blue lighted me, I absolutely s*** myself,” he continued. The officer then interrupted to tell James: “Just one thing - if you could stick a bit of tape over your licence plate, and then we’ll know that this is the genuine one.     “So we won’t pull you over again, because the not genuine one won’t have that bit of tape on the licence plate.” In the next part of his story, James said: “So that was fun, and for anyone that has been pulled over by the police before - I’ve been pulled over a few times, I’m not going to lie… “You always question yourself, don’t you? ‘Oh what did I do? Was I on my phone? No I wasn’t? Was I speeding? No, I don’t think so.’ “And they both surrounded the car as well, so I was like, ‘Oh no! What have I done?’ READ MORE... Emma Thompson left 'seriously ill' by Oscars twice [INSIGHT] Sophie Turner and Alex Scott turn up the heat at BAFTAs [UPDATE] Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass dad David [NEWS]     “But they were actually really nice and he was annoyingly good looking as well," James quipped. “And young - so I didn’t like him at all. But apparently if I put this black tape over the corner of my number plate… “But I said, ‘I’m not going to do that,’ and he said, ‘Okay, as long as you’re quite happy to be pulled over.’ “But I’ve got OCD, I’m not having black tape on the corner of my number plate thank you very much.”    James is married to fellow former Strictly star Ola Jordan and the pair share a daughter named Ella. The pair appeared on the popular BBC show together between 2006 and 2013. James also went on to place third in the fourteenth series of Celebrity Big Brother in 2014. These days, the couple can be seen sharing sweet updates from their little family on Instagram. 