Cleaning the oven is, arguably, one of the worst jobs - and the longer the chore is left, the worse it gets. This is especially the case when it comes to oven racks. Households can often find that even houses of endless scrubbing won’t remove all of the stains. To make the cleaning task easier, Mrs Hinch fans have shared a “tried and tested” shop-bought cleaning item that does all the hard work after one man asked for the best oven rack cleaning advice. Taking to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips on Facebook, Haley Child said: “Best way to clean oven racks please.” The post received over 100 comments from cleaning enthusiasts sharing how they clean their own oven racks. While some group members suggested soaking dirty oven racks in the bath with a dishwasher tablet with hot water, many argued that this takes too long and suggested using Oven Pride instead. Jill Stevens said: “I used to soak my oven racks in the bath with dishwasher tablets but I’ve found using Oven Pride works faster and makes less mess.” READ MORE: ‘Stubborn’ stains ‘slip right off’ of oven door with 85p staple Ryan Laffman commented: “Oven Pride and wrap in a bun bag. But please be ever so careful. Oven cleaner will destroy anything it touches.” Anne Perth wrote: “Oven Pride. You just need to leave it soaking for two hours in the bag it comes with. No mess and no scrubbing at all.” Dianne Lannigan said: “Get a box of Oven Pride, there's all the things in it you need. “Put them in the bag provided, put solution in and leave for a couple of hours and all done.” DON'T MISS‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [EXPERT]Five ‘dangerous’ log burner mistakes you need to ‘avoid’ [INSIGHT]‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [TIPS] Jean Tromans suggested: “Oven Pride, it’s amazing. Tried and tested it for the first time last year. Now I use nothing else as the stuck on grease melts away with it.” Nicki Jefferies said: “Oven pride, a thick plastic bag provided. A squirt of the liquid, left for a while and then rubs off easily. But do use the gloves provided as it’s very caustic.” Jessica Walter agreed: “Yep, Oven Pride is the best thing I’ve used, it’s fast-acting and jets the job done well.” Posting an image of the Oven cleaning product, Lynda Dixon Gibson said: “Try this, it’s brilliant. You won’t be disappointed.” READ MORE: Remove orange grout stains in ‘5 minutes’ with ‘effective’ spray Tina Robson said: “Oven Pride. You put the racks in the big plastic bags provided and add the oven pride [solution].” Noreen O’Brien Lenehan recommended: “Oven Pride is the best ever. You can put in five trays at once, brilliant.” Julie Dime added: “Dampen the racks with the Oven Pride solution and place in the bag provided. “Leave for around two to three hours and it will wipe off easily. No effort needed.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to their website, households can “transform” their oven with their “powerful all-in-one cleaning system”, which tackles tough grease and burnt-on food to give “unbeatable results” and leave ovens “sparkling clean”. The experts said that their formula “makes light work of the toughest grease and burnt-on food, leaving your oven sparkling and free from odours”. “Cleaning racks and grills is simple thanks to the Oven Pride Bag. Cleaning racks inside the bag means no mess and no scrubbing, for amazing results without the effort.” The oven cleaning kit also includes a pair of gloves to ensure users’ safety when cleaning. This product retails for £3.49 at Tesco and £4 at Sainsbury’s and Asda.