Addressing the response to the latest BBC reports on Newswatch, journalist Samira Ahmed explained there had been complaints about the coverage of the earthquake in Turkey-Syria. The BBC host read out complaints from viewers who branded the broadcaster “disgraceful” for intruding on the grief of people still waiting for news of their relatives. Samira noted viewers were initially “impressed” with the BBC’s coverage of the earthquake. One viewer, Jules O, told Newswatch: “As ever, majorly impressed by the dedication and resilience of the correspondents reporting on the Turkey-Syria earthquake, in particular the BBC’s Anna Foster.” However, Samira continued: “But in the days following, there were criticisms of some of he BBC’s coverage, particularly a report on Wednesday’s evening news bulletins.” She explained there was a “warning of harrowing images to come from the presenter beforehand” but viewers still got in touch to complain. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson drives off in rage as he abandons restaurant opening Upset Janet Georghiou complained: “How disgraceful it was to see cameras up close to grieving people, as dead relatives were pulled from the rubble. “They then lingered on them for maximum effect like the worst rubber neckers at a car crash. “Cameras should have pulled back out of respect; we don’t need to see up close to understand the horror. Just stop it.” Samira added viewer Janet Crabtree agreed as she read out another complaint. “I was horrified to see the film crew carried on filming the relatives while they were just finding out it was one of their family,” she remarked. “It was heartbreaking for us to watch but did they really need to film such private moments? “Those poor people are suffering enough without film crews being there for such private things.” Samira’s report on Newswatch comes as the dead toll has passed 24,000. DON'T MISS...Anger at Erdogan’s earthquake response as troops patrol the streets [EXCLUSIVE]Animals knew Turkey earthquake was about to hit - they too paid price [INSIGHT]Thousands offer to adopt Syrian 'miracle' orphaned newborn Aya [LATEST] Rescue efforts are still underway across many cities in Turkey and Syria as survivors are still being found after 115 hours. The head of the UK's Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC), has said the level of need in both countries is “immense”. Many of those who have survived had been put up in emergency shelters and tents. The DEC has raised more than £30million in one day to provide immediate essential aid to those without food, shelter and water. Saleh Saeed said of the “mammoth task” ahead to help Turkey and Syria: “The number of people who need support are far exceeding what people can deliver now. “That's why we're appealing for funds - to scale up so we can reach more people who are in desperate need,” they told BBC News. Incredible stories of survival are still being told with a mother and child found alive in the rubble on Saturday morning. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.