During lockdown, gardens became a sought-after feature in properties with buyers moving away from cities looking for outdoor space, more bedrooms and greenery. A well-maintained garden can add value to a property and make it more desirable to certain buyers, like families, for example. If you're looking to sell your property, a well-presented garden could make all the difference when it comes to a prospective buyer's decision to make an offer. With this in mind, experts have shared five ways to add value to your home by improving your garden. According to the latest data from the Office of National Statistics (ONS), the average UK house price is £295,000. Property experts have said that adding a shed can add 10 percent to your home's value which means adding a summer house or shed could increase your property's value by an average of £29,500. READ MORE: Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out Jack Sutcliffe, co-founder of Power Sheds, worked with Martin McCreath, Regional Managing Director for Your Move Estate Agents, to reveal five ways to increase the value of your home through your garden. A water feature is the perfect way to add relaxing ambience to your garden and give it a touch of luxury for those looking to buy. Jack said: “From elaborate fountains to a simple pond, the addition of water to a garden can be a big selling point and a simple way to add value to your garden space.” When you’re looking to buy a house, a nice, well-decorated finish is often a big plus that can help to sell the property. DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [INSIGHT]Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals [UPDATE]Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ [ANALYSIS] The same applies to your garden. Add some mature plants to help make the garden look finished. This will also add some colour to the space and make it a more attractive proposition rather than a blank canvas. You can buy almost any plant as a mature plant, from evergreen shrubs such as azalea and heather to larger statement trees and bamboo. For many people, a garden overlooked by neighbouring houses can be a red flag, especially if you are looking to entertain in the summer months. READ MORE: 'Overwhelmed' hoarder lived years without heating, kitchen or bathroom Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Ensuring you install a good quality fence can help make the garden feel like a much more private space and turn it into somewhere a potential buyer can imagine relaxing without feeling exposed. “A large, nicely landscaped and private garden will no doubt attract more interest in a property than one without, and having a good fence is a selling point," said Martin. A shed can be a huge bonus for potential buyers, what’s more, it's an incredibly useful and convenient space to use for storage in the meantime. The experts said: “A nicely positioned summer house, a large, good quality shed (perhaps that can act as a workshop, mini gym or even a garden pub) can significantly impact prices and, dependant on local market conditions, lead the selling price to be up to 10 percent higher.” Creating a good-looking garden can be a daunting task, but it’s important it looks the part to make it more attractive to buyers. You’ll need to assess the space and decide whether you can do it yourself or need to bring in the help of a professional. Sometimes, just clearing away any rubbish or debris and tidying up the ground can have a big impact on the way it looks and its value. Martin added: “Gardens are very high on a buyers’ list of priorities, with their presentation, size and position often considered very important when making the final decision to buy so it’s important you make it look as good as possible when looking to sell.”