The Met Office has released a more in-depth weather forecast for March, with snow not entirely ruled out. The UK's leading meteorologists have now shed more light on how next month will look, with some wintry showers expected. But there is no confirmation as yet of a Beast from the East returning - with some regions set to entirely miss the chaos, it said.  In its long-range forecast, updated daily, it speaks about high pressure which the nation is currently experiencing, and how this is likely to stick around for the early part of next month. From March 1 to 10 it says: "High pressure will dominate through early March despite edging northwestwards, bringing dry and rather cloudy conditions for most, with some (most likely rain) showers likely for some eastern and southern areas. "There is also potential for a spell of more unsettled weather in the far north. Towards the end of the period, a trend towards more unsettled weather is likely. "With more direct northerly winds increasing in likelihood, there is an increasing chance of colder conditions and snow showers for northern and eastern areas, and a low chance of more organised rain or snow spreading south across the country." Experts have predicted two large parts of the country are likely to stay "settled for the longest period". It continues: "West, and northwestern areas likely to stay more settled for longest. "Temperatures generally on the colder side of average overall, with some overnight frost likely." While colder temperatures and chances of frost are not uncommon for this time of year, the latter half of March could be hiding some surprises. From March 11 to 25 it continues: "Spells of rain and snow are much more likely at first compared with the start of the month, with a low chance that some of these could be locally rather disruptive, with snow and/or strong northerly winds. READ MORE: Snow set to blanket Britain as polar vortex unleashes -11C chill "However, conditions overall are likely to be more mixed, not everywhere will see snow. Northwestern areas are likely to stay driest throughout. "Temperatures are likely to be below average at first, and may remain so for much of the period although will slowly increase overall by virtue of the changing seasons reducing the chance of snow accordingly. "Shorter, much colder snaps remain possible, and more likely than average." Weather maps from WXCHARTS indicate a cold snap setting in across the nation from the early hours of Wednesday, March 8 - which is two days later than originally anticipated. Maps show that Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and England will all fall below freezing on Thursday, March 9 - with people in Inverness, Scotland waking up to -5C. In Kent, this will be more like -1C, and in Birmingham, -2C.