A defiant Russian politician who videoed himself wearing "lying" noodles on his ears while watching a speech by Vladimir Putin could face punishment. On February 21 Mikahail Abdalkin, an MP from Samara, southern Russia, shared a video of himself watching his country’s all-powerful leader’s state of the nation address. In the video Mr Abdalkin can be seen with the elongated foodstuff draped over his ears as he sits at a desk watching Putin on a computer screen. In Russian culture to "hang noodles on someone’s ears" is a well-known idiom for telling someone "lies" or to "pull their leg". The Telegraph reports in a seemingly satirical post Mr Abdalkin captioned his video with the words: "I fully support. I agree with everything. Great speech. Haven’t heard anything like that in 23 years. Pleasantly surprised." Gennady Zyuganov, the leader of the Russian Communist party, was urged to look into the video after complaints were made about Mr Abdalkin’s post. Alexander Yushchenko, the party’s spokesman, said on Thursday that it would look at the video and "won’t leave it without attention". Since the outbreak of war with Ukraine, Russia has approved laws under which anyone challenging the Kremlin's version of events can face up to 15 years in jail. Thousands of protesters have been arrested since the war began a year ago. READ MORE: 'Russia WILL lose and it will be catastrophe for Putin': Experts predict Ukraine triumph Ukraine's allies will support the country for "as long as it takes", Foreign Secretary James Cleverly will say when he addresses the UN Security Council later today (Friday). The meeting comes a year on from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, with the anniversary due to be marked in the UK and countries around the world. Speaking at a special session of the UN Security Council, Mr Cleverly is expected to stress the need to send a "clear message" that Ukraine will be backed for as long as is required, with the conflict showing no sign of ending soon. "One year into this terrible war, let us send this clear message: our support for Ukraine is not, and will never be, time-limited. "We will keep the promises we made to the UN Charter and the Ukrainian people, and will give the Ukrainians all the help they need for as long as it takes until Ukraine prevails," Mr Cleverly will say. Mr Cleverly is set to meet his Ukrainian counterpart Dmytro Kuleba, as well as UN secretary general Antonio Guterres, while in New York. Over the last year, the UK has been among the most vocal supporters of Ukraine's efforts to push back the Kremlin's troops, with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak announcing earlier this year that Britain would be the first country to supply tanks to its armed forces. Mr Sunak said 14 Challenger 2 tanks will be supplied, with the war machines set to arrive in eastern Europe next month. DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will leave home despite Charles' eviction bid