A man in his 20s has died after a car smashed through the railings running alongside the River Avon in Bristol. Two other passengers received medical attention after police arrived at the scene just after 1.30am on Saturday to find the car upended in the water. They were called to York Road in the Bedminster area and paramedics quickly followed behind. A spokeswoman for the police confirmed one man had died while the other two people were being treated for minor injuries.    Images of the aftermath show the back end of a car protruding from the River Avon. A spokeswoman said an investigation has been opened into the incident, though it is not being treated as suspicious. She said: “We responded to an incident in the early hours of this morning, Saturday February 25, after a car went through railings alongside the river at York Road, Bedminster, and entered the water,’ she said. “There were three occupants in the car. One of them, a man in his 20s, sadly died. The next of kin have been informed and our thoughts are with them during this difficult time.    “The family will be offered support by a specially trained liaison officer. The two other occupants have received medical attention.” The police closed down the surrounding area while emergency services attended to the wounded passengers . A referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) was made, though no explanation was given for this. The spokeswoman added: “An investigation is ongoing to ascertain how the vehicle came to be in the water. READ MORE: M25 closed after multi-vehicle crash - six miles of traffic builds [REPORT]   “We are making a mandatory referral about this incident to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC).” Police forces must refer certain incidents to the watchdog, for example where there has been a death or a serious injury following police contact. In 2018, a man and a woman were rescued after the car they were travelling in crashed through railings on York Road. And in 2019, a van driver and passenger managed to escape after their vehicle went through the railings. DON'T MISS: Richard Hammond urges YouTube star to 'destroy his hideous car' [REVEAL] Dan Walker and driver slammed as 'both in wrong' after horror crash [REPORT] Tributes to three men killed in crash including sister kidney donor [REVEAL]  