Manchester United may have condemned new loan signing Wout Weghorst as well as Anthony Martial and Aaron Wan-Bissaka after reportedly sending scouts across Europe to watch three players. The Red Devils have enjoyed a precipitous upturn in fortunes under Erik ten Hag this season and are now on the hunt for four trophies. According to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, United scouts were in Germany on Tuesday night to watch Napoli striker Victor Osimhen in Champions League action against Eintracht Frankfurt. The 24-year-old Nigeria striker, who has enjoyed an incredible season, opened the scoring as his side ran out 2-0 winners. And it isn’t the first time the scouts have feasted their eyes on Osimhen as they have watched him in Serie A action, where he has bagged 18 goals in 19 matches. United have also sent people to follow Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos, who has notched 19 goals in 31 matches this campaign. The 21-year-old striker scored a hat-trick for Portugal at last year’s World Cup and has been tipped to move to the Premier League in the summer. JUST IN: Arsenal 'to hand Saka mega pay rise' as new contract almost agreed Meanwhile, the north west giants have been keeping tabs on 22-year-old Bayer Leverkusen right-back Jeremie Frimpong, who helped his team reach the last 16 of the Europa League on Thursday night after they defeated Monaco following a penalty shootout at the end of the second leg. If either Osimhen or Ramos make the move to Old Trafford in the summer, they would instantly become United’s first-choice striker. That means there may not be space in the team for Weghorst, who joined the club on loan from Burnley in January. Weghorst has failed to deliver since signing a temporary deal in Manchester and has only returned one goal for the Red Devils, despite appearing in 11 matches.  Martial is another man who could become a victim of the new signings as he has struggled to command a regular starting place at Old Trafford anyway. The France forward has missed well over half of his team’s matches this season due to a series of injury issues and could find himself surplus to requirements come the summer. Wan-Bissaka, meanwhile, has suffered a fall from grace in recent seasons after joining United from Crystal Palace for a whopping £50million in 2019. The 25-year-old has been in and out of the team this campaign and could ultimately be shown the door at Old Trafford if Frimpong is brought to the club. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper./news/uk/1736226/william-hill-free-bet-Man-Utd-Newcastle 