Early bulbs are starting to shoot and trees and bushes will soon be covered in the faint fuzz of green that heralds the onset of spring. Many of the late winter and early spring jobs involve cutting back and pruning, and it is important to get it right to ensure healthy plants that will flower to their full potential later in the year. Louise Findlay-Wilson, who writes the popular gardening blog www.BloomingLucky.com, has shared four “must do” gardening jobs for February. For those growing ivy, pruning is best done before new growth appears in spring. Louise said: "Ivy can grow very quickly and weigh down sheds and pergolas. So if yours has got a bit out of control a good gardening job for February is pruning back the ivy. “The same will be true if you have Virginia creeper, Boston Ivy or ornamental vines. But hurry, get the pruning done now, before the birds start nesting." For ivy growing as ground cover, gardeners can set their mower on the highest cutting height to prevent scalping the plant. Ivy can also be pruned with hedge shears, especially if the ground is rocky. Ivy pruning depends on growth and may need to be done every other year, or as often as every year. READ MORE: Four ‘effective’ methods to remove ivy without damaging your garden Wisterias usually flower more freely and regularly if pruned twice a year, once in August and again in February. The expert said: “If you have wisteria, that too needs its second prune now. You should have done its first prune in the summer. “In February all you do is cut back the side shoots which you previously shortened to two or three buds.” Simply cut back the growth to two or three buds to ensure that the flowers will not be obscured by leaves. The idea is to have a skeleton frame of well-spaced branches. On an overgrown wisteria, this may require some time and patience, but it is well worth the effort to enjoy the spectacle of flowers later in the year. DON'T MISS‘Essential’ factor for orchids to produce ‘beautiful blooms’ [EXPERT]‘Kill off’ white mould on houseplants with ‘effective’ 59p staple item [TIPS]Get rid of ‘thick’ kettle limescale with 29p kitchen essential [COMMENT] When the February weather is grey, and skies are leaden, liven things up by adding colourful outdoor plants. Louise said: “If you're impatient to see some colour in your garden, why not pot-up a few primroses or forget-me-nots into containers. “They look so lovely while you're waiting for the rest of the garden to get going. Of course, you can always pop them out in your beds when they've finished flowering and you want to free up your containers.” The expert suggested that gardeners divide perennial plants right now to ensure healthy, vigorous plants that will continue to perform year after year. READ MORE: Five ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove ‘mould and dust spores’ Specifically, with primroses, astrantias, hostas and other clump-forming herbaceous perennials, Louise noted that it's all “too easy” for them to become too big. She warned: “When they do, they start becoming a bit lacklustre, especially at the middle of the plant. So, another of my February gardening jobs is to sort them out. Not only do you give them back their oomph but dividing them gives you extra plants for free.” Louise shared that pruning her clematis is her “favourite” gardening job for the month. But not all types of clematis should be pruned right now. The expert said: “At this time of year only two groups of clematis should be getting any kind of chop – those that fall into groups two and three.  If you're not sure what group your clematis is in, Google the variety you have to check. "Clematis in group two such as the lovely stripey Nelly Moser, need pruning twice. The first time is in February. The second time is later in the year, after the first flush of flowers in early summer. “The February prune is very very light, from the top down. Do it stem by stem and do not go mad or you’ll lose loads of blooms. Simply remove the dead or weak bits. You want to trim back until you reach a pair of healthy buds.” When it comes to group three clematis such as clematis viticella ‘Etoile Violette’, they flower on new growth made that season. So if gardeners don't prune and allow the old growth to grow up and up, year after year, they’ll end up with no flowers at or below eye-level, just a jumble of straggly stems. The expert said: “All the beauty ends up happening way out of view. So even if the plants have lovely looking growth at the top, they need to be cut back to a good pair of viable healthy buds about six inches – 18 inches above soil level. It feels brutal but it’s important. Trust me.”