Season five of Magnum PI kicked off with a stellar double bill on Sunday night which set up another chilling mystery for Thomas Magnum (played by Jay Hernandez) and his team. While the womanising private investigator wrestles with his newfound feelings, the horrific murder of Navy officer Buck Greene (James Remar) has sown the seeds for a sinister plot which will continue over the coming weeks on NBC. Formerly on CBS, Magnum PI began its new life on NBC with an overarching mystery which will put the private eye’s skills to the test. At the start of the new season, Magnum’s romance with ex-MI6 agent Juliet Higgins (Perdita Weeks) was still in its honeymoon phase. Unfortunately, their life in paradise was rudely interrupted by another case, this time involving a woman’s husband who dies in a car crash under suspicious circumstances. By the end of the two-parter, another mystery washed up on shore and detective Chris Childs (Michael Rady) was called in to investigate. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal When pilot Theodore ‘TC’ Calvin goes looking for Captain Greene, he finds him missing from his boat and it’s revealed he’s been kidnapped. Just before the credits rolled on Sunday’s two-parter, Greene was confirmed to have been murdered, and it will be up to Magnum to find out who wanted him dead and why. Series lead Hernandez has since confirmed the latest mystery will span “a lot of episodes.” Usually known as a ‘Case of the Week’ show, this year’s season will shake up the format in a “really fun” way, the star added. “You get more time to build the story,” he told TV Line. “So it doesn’t have to be squeezed into [one episode]. It gets to be what it is, and there is some really great stuff that comes out of that storyline.” Magnum will soon discover the men who tortured and killed Greene are also after himself, as well as a bunch of his friends and associates. As pieces of the mystery are revealed each week, Hernandez confirmed fans will also get to find out more about Magnum and his friend’s time in the military. DON'T MISS:The Equalizer’s Mel star ‘had a bone to pick’ over Robyn fallout [INTERVIEW]Law and Order SVU gives huge update on fan-favourite character [INSIGHT]Black Spartans star recalls advice from Yellowstone’s Neal McDonough [EXCLUSIVE] “It touches on our past and how we became a unit… all that stuff,” he teased. “There’s some really good backstory that gets exposed through this storyline.” In the closing moments of the second episode, Greene is revealed to have been abducted and his kidnapper was informed TC had come looking for him. The man in charge reveals he knows all about Greene’s years with the Navy and ran a black ops team in Afghanistan comprised of some familiar names. He demands to know where he can find ‘two SEALs’ - Magnum and Sebastian Nuzo (Domenick Lombardozzi) - and ‘two Marines’ - Orville ‘Rick’ Wright (Zachary Knighton) and TC. Greene refuses to give out any information, and sadly it’s revealed he was subsequently killed and discarded. His murder probably won’t be solved until the end of the fifth season, but fans can rest assured Magnum will be on the case soon and ready to do what’s necessary to bring the culprits to justice. Magnum PI season 5 continues Sundays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.