Throughout the month of February, TV heartthrob Brendan Penny has returned to the GREAT! Romance channel with the broadcasting of his hit romantic comedies. Ahead of the romantic season, Brendan reflected on his time in Chesapeake Shores as he paid a sweet tribute to his former co-star Jessica Sipos. Since getting his start in 2003, Brendan has devoted the majority of his career to starring as the leading man in hit romcoms. Many of which, fans will be able to revisit this month on the GREAT! Romance channel. This includes his major roles in A Dash of Love, the Secret Ingredient and the hit In The Vineyard movie series. As well as these dramas, Brendan is also well-recognised as Chesapeake Shores’ Kevin O’Brien. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error  Fans of the six-season drama recently said an emotional goodbye to the cast after Chesapeake Shores came to an end in October. During the show, Brendan starred closely alongside Jessica Sipos, whose character, Sarah Mercer eventually became Kevin’s wife. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Brendan had nothing but praise for the actress. He shared: “Jessica’s the greatest, if anyone gets an opportunity to meet her or work with her do it she's the greatest.   “I adore her, we have a lot in common she's married with two young kids and we just … from day one, within two minutes of meeting each other, we were laughing.  “I was like, ‘Okay, she's cool this is gonna go well,' and then we just became great friends.” Brendan continued: “We never had an argument, we never had a point on set where we had to discuss what the scene was about. “It just flowed and we respected each other and I absolutely adore her.” DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [INSIGHT]Chesapeakes Shores’ Brendan Penny shares ‘favourite moment’ from show [INTERVIEW] When Calls The Heart star on 'challenging' Charles Kensington role [INTERVIEW]    Although viewers were sad to see the series finale, Kevin and Sarah met their happy endings. During the finale, they welcomed their firstborn child, thus extending the line of the beloved O’Brien family. While there’s no current chance of Chesapeake Shores returning with a new season, fans will be able to see more of Brendan on the GREAT! Romance channel. Dash of Love, tells the story of an aspiring chef Nikki Turner (Jen Lilley) who gets her dream job at a restaurant run by her idol and befriends Paul Dellucci (Brendan Penny).    However, things take a dramatic turn when they both are wrongly fired from their jobs. Fans will have to tune in to see how things will turn out for Nikki and Paul. As for the In The Vineyard movie series, Brendan stars as Nate DeLuca. The movie follows a family of winemakers as they plan a wedding while also executing a high-stakes business expansion.  GREAT! Romance is available on Freeview 52, Freesat 303, Sky 319 and Virgin 424.   