Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney will welcome Wrexham to the United States this summer and are set to play for the Welsh club in a winner-take-all £829,000 ($1m) seven-a-side tournament. Wrexham, who are co-owned by the two actors, have been accepted into The Soccer Tournament between 32 teams which will take place in Cary, Northern California in June from 1-4. Wrexham are the ninth team to officially join the inaugural event, following a host of professional and celebrity sides. Former Premier League star Clint Dempsey will lead his own team, as will a group of former US Women internationals organised by legendary figure Heather O'Reilly. British football and esports club Hashtag United have also signed up as part of the nine already-confirmed sides. What's most interesting from Wrexham's addition is that Reynolds and McElhenney have been named on their squad list in the hope of bringing home a grand prize back across the pond. Joined by player-coach David Jones and a trio of ex-players in Paul Rutherford, Shaun Pearson and Mark Carrington, the Red Dragons hope that their involvement in the competition can go beyond football. In a statement, Wrexham advisor Shaun Harvey explained: "We look forward to debuting in the US with a legends team and the ambition of winning the tournament. "Should we be successful, $500,000 of the prize money will be used to enhance the club's work in the local community. Wrexham AFC is more than just a first team. "It represents the people of North Wales and this tournament will allow us to incorporate former players of the club like we have never been able to do before." JUST IN: Mason Greenwood in middle of Man Utd split as Harry Kane favoured over Victor Osimhen  The Soccer Tournament founder and CEO Jon Mugar added: "Wrexham AFC is an incredible story showcasing the experience that can unfold when fans, players and owners are equally committed to the Club and the community. "We are proud to welcome the entire Wrexham AFC family to the US and TST to watch the Club compete in our electrifying format." When they visit the United States, Wrexham hope to be a Football League club for the first time since they were relegated in 2008. DON'T MISS Chelsea 'hold emergency Graham Potter meeting' ahead of do-or-die Tottenham clashMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag set to be missing five players for blockbuster Barcelona clashMan Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar bid revealed, Glazer 'doubt' raises worry, share price sinks Phil Parkinson's men sit second in the National League table, five points behind leaders Notts County with two games in hand. Their recent run to the FA Cup fourth round put a brighter spotlight their journey under Reynolds and McElhenney, who completed a dream takeover in February 2021. Wrexham were beaten by Premier League promotion-chasers Sheffield United in a closely-contested replay, agonisingly conceding two goals in added time away from home.