Plumes of smoke, questions about dead animals, and worries about the drinking water. A train derailment in Ohio and the subsequent burning of some of the hazardous chemicals has people asking: How worried should they be? It’s been more than a week since about 50 cars of a freight train derailed in a fiery, mangled mess on the outskirts of East Palestine near the Pennsylvania state line, apparently because of a mechanical issue with a rail car axle. No one was injured in that wreck. But concerns about air quality and the hazardous chemicals on board the train prompted some village residents to leave, and officials later ordered the evacuation of the immediate area as fears grew about a potential explosion of smoldering wreckage. Officials seeking to avoid the danger of an uncontrolled blast chose to intentionally release and burn toxic vinyl chloride from five rail cars, sending flames and black smoke again billowing high into the sky. The jarring scene left people questioning the potential health impacts for residents in the area and beyond, even as authorities maintained they were doing their best to protect people. Doctors have since revealed exactly what symptoms to be on the lookout for in the wake of the chaos. Dr Kelly Johnson-Arbor from the National Capital Poison Centre told Express.co.uk: "Vinyl chloride is a volatile liquid, meaning that it can easily convert into a gaseous form. READ MORE: Man froze to death after being put in prison freezer as 'punishment' "Short-term inhalation of high levels of vinyl chloride vapors can cause dizziness, lightheadedness, headache, and other neurologic symptoms. Vinyl chloride is also irritating to the eyes, nose, and throat. Long-term inhalation of vinyl chloride can result in liver damage, cognitive damage, and a rare liver cancer called hepatic angiosarcoma. "People who live in the area and have wells, or who are concerned about drinking water quality, should use bottled water for now. Additionally, people who have underlying health conditions such as lung disease or heart problems, may wish to use fans or other methods of ventilation to avoid exposure to noxious-smelling fumes. Dr. Benjamin Gibson added: "Vinyl Chloride makes people behave like they are drunk. They can't see, nor walk. They are tired, have nerve pain, may enter a coma like state or even die. This may cause liver disease, bones or skin burns and serious lung damage." Medical advisor Andrea Paul noted that individuals in that community will need to regularly see a doctor to ensure they have not inhaled enough contaminants to cause health problems. Contaminants from derailed cars spilled into some waterways and were toxic to fish, but officials have said drinking water in the area has remained protected. In addition to vinyl chloride, at least three other substances — butyl acrylate, ethylhexyl acrylate, and ethylene glycol monobutyl ether — were released into the air, soil or water, according to a US Environmental Protection Agency letter putting rail operator Norfolk Southern on notice about its potential liability for cleanup costs. Norfolk Southern's response has included efforts to remove spilled contaminants from the ground surface and nearby streams, as well as air quality monitoring, soil sampling and residential water well surveys, according to its preliminary remediation plan. The Ohio Department of Natural Resources estimates the spill affected more than 7 miles (11.2 kilometers) of streams and killed some 3,500 fish, mostly small ones such as minnows and darters. DON'T MISS Expert tells Tucker of ‘apocalyptic’ scene after train crash [VIDEO]Grandfather of Republican who claims to be Jewish fought for Nazis [ANALYSIS]Chinese spy balloon 'targeted Hawaii' before it was blown off course [INSIGHT] A plume of contaminants that includes butyl acrylate formed in the Ohio River in the first days after the derailment and on Tuesday was flowing slowly, nearing Huntington, West Virginia, Ohio Environmental Protection Agency officials said. The contaminant amounts found so far don't pose a risk for cities that rely on the river for its drinking water and the plume is continuing to be diluted as it moves farther along, the state EPA said. In response, some water companies have shut off their intakes or increased treatment processes as a precaution. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews