Richard Talman was visibly emotional after a guest entered The Repair Shop barn hoping someone could fix her late husband's wedding ring, which was destroyed when it had to be prised from his finger before he died. While many viewers of the BBC series admitted they were "already crying," Richard also struggled to hold back tears as the guest recounted the reason for the restoration. Eve Robinson brought in her most cherished keepsake, which symbolised her love story. "I met Keith in 1987," Eve explained. "He was a widower of 56 and I was a divorcee of 48. "We met through one of the original dating agencies, I suppose. "We had lots of lovely outings - theatres, concerts. He turned out to be just absolutely right." READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall "Just what you were waiting for," Richard smiled as he listened to Eve's story. She continued: "We dated all that year and we married in December of 88. "He was an incredibly gifted engineer and he thought it would be nice if he designed my engagement ring." Pointing towards her finger, Eve explained: "Here it is. His birthstone is diamonds and mine is a pearl, so that's me in his arms." "And then I followed suit with his ring, which is damaged." "So, why is it damaged?" Jay asked, taking in the ring which had been broken down the middle. "He was diagnosed in 2011 with cerebral atrophy," Eve explained. "So it progressed from atrophy into Alzheimer's, and I had him at home with me for six years. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh in stitches over The Chase player's 'best answer ever' [VIDEO]Strictly's Luba Mushtuk details feeling 'proud' of former co-star [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders' Zack Hudson and Whitney Dean united in baby tragedy [SPOILER] "But for the last 18 months of his life, I had to give him up to a care home. "What he'd done, he'd taken the ring off his ring finger and put it on his index finger. "And it had swollen, they panicked and sent him to the hospital in an ambulance. "By the time he got there, his finger was so engorged that they said the only way it could be removed was like that." Tearing up, Eve added: "He's been in the hospital five times within a year and he'd always recovered, but the last time, it was just one time too many... he never recovered." Seeming at a loss for words, an emotional Richard responded: "I really, really hope that we are able to preserve the memory that you have of such a wonderful man, Eve." He seemed to be holding back tears as Jay took Eve's hand and thanked her for sharing her story. Jay seemed to comfort his co-star by placing a hand on Richard's shoulder. Later, the duo were delighted to present Eve with the fixed ring. The Repair Shop airs Wednesdays from 8pm on BBC One.