Anthony Joshua is one of the biggest boxing stars in the world and his mammoth success has seen him become one of its wealthiest competitors.  His supreme power and resilience in the ring left fans clamouring for tickets to his fights as the nation came to a near standstill to watch him perform. But his aura has somewhat disappeared over the last year and a half, following two devastating losses to heavyweight champion Oleksandr Usyk. His comeback trail begins with a clash against Jermaine Franklin at London’s 02 Arena on April 1. With the Brit surely set to earn a massive paypacket for his next fight, Express Sport has taken a look at the net worth AJ has amassed throughout his boxing career. The Daily Star reported earlier this month that Joshua’s estimated net worth is around £120m. The Telegraph claim AJ has brought in an estimated £200 million in career earnings. The Watford local reportedly earned a staggering £61m for his rematch with Usyk last August and is expected to have made a total of at least £98m once sponsorship deals have been taken into account. JUST IN: Anthony Joshua has enormous new net worth after earning £Xm from last X fights  Had he fought Tyson Fury last year, reports suggest Joshua may have earned an astonishing £150m when the fight was proposed. Partnerships with the likes of Under Armour, Jaguar Land Rover, Beats, Sky Sports and Hugo Boss also give his income a boost, thus making the boxing powerhouse one of richest competitors in combat sport.  During a press conference to promote his fight with Franklin, ‘AJ’ was asked what is his driving force during such a pivotal time in his career and Joshua made no secret of the financial benefits that come with boxing at the highest level. “Money,” Joshua said repeatedly. “I like making money. Straight up. Like, this is a prizefighting sport. I’ve been broke. My family has been broke. I know what this s*** means and I do it because I’m good at it and I hustle hard. When it’s all said and done no-one will care about me no more. So, I’ve got to make the most of it while I’m here.”