A five-year-old boy has been rescued as his mother died after the pair jumped 90 feet off a gorge onto thick ice. Rescuers had to travel across “tough terrain” to find the pair who fell from Niagara Gorge, on the US-Canada border, in full view of several bystanders - including the woman’s husband.    The boy, who suffered a head injury, was flown by helicopter to a hospital while his mother’s body was taken to the coroner’s office. Police were alerted to the shocking incident at the Niagara Falls State Park in upstate New York on Tuesday at 12.30pm. They do not believe it was an accident. Speaking to reporters after the rescue, State Parks Police Captain Chris Rola said they had fallen around 90 feet.     He said: “Unfortunately the female did not make it. "She was recovered by the New York state police aviation unit and has been taken by the Niagara County coroner.” Capt Rola added: "Although today’s nice out, it’s very icy down there. “It’s real tough terrain that our guy and our girls were able to get through and get to them and provide that life-saving care and do everything they could but, as far as putting other people at risk, we were going to make every effort for that child that was still alive at the time.” READ MORE: Married woman accused of decapitating lover attacks lawyer in court     The boy was taken by elevator to a helicopter waiting on top of the cliff, located near the Cave of Winds tourist attraction. The natural cave - visited by around 125,000 people annually - was cordoned off during the rescue operation. Asked who witnessed the fall, Capt Rola said he had been informed her husband was present. DON'T MISS: Cop dies after horrific 40ft bridge fall [INSIGHT]Mum who looks ‘15 years younger’ than her age share tips [SPOTLIGHT]Lamar Johnson conviction overturned after 30 years in prison [REVEAL]   “There were multiple people there and that is all part of the investigation," he said. “There were several other bystanders there. “They are all being interviewed, that’s part of the investigation but like I said we don’t believe it’s an accident.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews