A born-again Christian is suing her son’s school, claiming he was made to take part in an LGBT Pride parade when he was four years old. Izzy Montague considered the event to be the “most serious of the deadly sins”, a court heard.   The 38-year-old says she was told by the headteacher of Heavers Farm Primary School in South Norwood, South East London, her son was not allowed to opt out of the parade in June 2018. She first became aware of it on June 19, 2018, when she received a letter which was sent to parents inviting them to a Pride march to “celebrate the differences that make them and their family special”. Mrs Montague contacted the school the following week to ask for her son to be excused due to the “public display of adherence to views which she did not accept” but this request was refused. Central London County Court heard she replied with a lengthy email on July 13 of that year, to explain why her son should not attend.   At the start of the case, which is set to last eight days, Judge Christopher Lethem said that Mrs Montague and her husband were “devout born-again Christians”.   He said they believe that sexual relations should be abstained from or take place within a lifelong marriage between a man and a woman and any activity outside those confines was sinful.   And he added: “They also say pride is considered to be the most serious of the deadly sins.”   The court heard that Mrs Montague attended a meeting with Susan Papas and the headteacher’s daughter was there, with a t-shirt on which had the slogan: “Why be racist, sexist, homophobic, or transphobic when you could just be quiet?”   Giving evidence Mrs Montague was asked by Ian Clarke, representing the school, about her reaction to the letter she received about the Pride march. He said: “So you get this letter on June 19 and you see that it is about celebrating 'the things that make our family special.'” “You say the letter is forcing you into the indoctrination of an LGBT lifestyle, where does it say that?”  READ MORE: Mystery Lotto winner urged to check numbers as £6million unclaimed  Mrs Montague replied: “I don't know I just felt a topic had come up.   “I clearly was not in the know about it, but this was the way, in my opinion, to try to indoctrinate it onto us by passing it off that it was part of law or part of British values, or it was part of the national curriculum, it was trying to sell something no one wanted to buy.”   In a blog published by the school about the event it said: “This June, the celebration of pride is about learning about the diversity of our whole school community and tackling bullying.”   Mr Clarke asked her: “As I understand you don't have a problem of celebrating the diversity of the whole school community and tackling bullying?”   Ms Montague said: “Me personally, it's not something I would celebrate . . . It's not something I would choose to celebrate.   “I think it's good the wider community comes together, and we learn and live together.   “I don't know if you mean celebrate as have a party, it's not something I would attend.”   DON'T MISSPigeon dyed for 'gender reveal' party found by wildlife care [PICTURED]New law may see THOUSANDS losing ability to vote at next election [ANALYSIS]BMW driver jailed for killing boys while speeding at 57mph in bus lane [REPORT]  Mr Clarke asked: “Isn't the school simply using the month of June to celebrate wider issues of diversity and tolerance?”   Ms Montague replied: “I believe it's using Pride month and other issues around that time to sell Pride month.   “I think you can easily celebrate diversity without even having anything do with Pride month.”   And when she was asked whether she would still be suing the school if the event hadn’t taken place in Pride month, she said: “If they did any form of celebration of any sexual lifestyles we will still be sat here [in court].”   “A month that celebrates sexual lifestyles Is a problem in any month.”   Mail Online reports that Montague, supported by the Christian Legal Centre, is suing the school on the grounds of direct and indirect discrimination, victimisation and breach of statutory duty under the Education Act 1996 and the Human Rights Act 1998.   This is the first time a UK court will scrutinise the legality of imposing LGBT ideology in primary schools.   The hearing continues.    