 Russell Crowe, 58, and actress Britney Theriot, 32, were turned away from a Melbourne restaurant as they tried to grab a quick lunch after a tennis match in 37 degree weather. The pair, still in their tennis wear, were told they didn’t meet the dress code and were barred from entering.   On a blisteringly hot Friday, the star took his partner to enjoy a quick round of tennis and then embarked on an adventure to find some food. In Melbourne’s iconic retail district Chapel Street, populated with countless shops and restaurants, Russell and Britney tried to enter Mr Miyagi, a Japanese-fusion restaurant. However, they were reportedly told to go elsewhere as they did not meet the restaurant’s “smart casual” dress code. Russell’s manager, Grant Vandenberg, told Daily Mail Australia that the Robin Hood actor was wearing a Ralph Lauren polo shirt which was brand new save for the tennis match earlier that day. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais stuns fans with 'outrageous' backstage demands during Armageddon tour  Mr Miyagi’s dress code on their website states: “Work-gear, active wear, singlets and thongs are strictly not permitted in the venue.” Singlets are also known as tank tops while flip-flops are called thongs in Australia. The actors, relatively unphased, continued their journey to a nearby restaurant where they were let in for lunch. The Daily Mail reported that Mr Miyagi representatives and the actor have been put in touch to smooth things over.     Mr Miyagi owner Kristian Klein spoke to CBD about the incident, saying, according to The Age: “We’d love for him to come to dinner, we’d love to have him back.” Kristian also noted that the restaurant’s dress code has been tricky to uphold and the staff member who refused Russell entrance simply hadn’t recognised the Hollywood star. He added that this moment was simply a “very unfortunate situation for everybody”. Russell is currently in Australia as his new feature film, Sleeping Dogs, is set to start shooting this month.  Although it is uncertain if Britney is also cast in the film, the pair have been somewhat inseparable since they started dating. The actors have been together since 2020 and have often been spotted enjoying a game of tennis together. The pair were also spotted in Australia in late January as they attended the 2023 Australian Open. Russell and Britney originally met in 2013 on the set of Broken City but only became an official couple in November 2020, when they were pictured in an affectionate moment on a tennis court.  Russell was previously married to actress and singer Danielle Spencer and shares two sons with her, Charles, 19, and Tennyson, 16. Russell and Danielle had also met years before they became an item as their paths first crossed in 1989 on the set of The Crossing. They ultimately tied the knot in New South Wales in 2003. The couple separated in 2012 after nine years of marriage and divorced in 2018. Express.co.uk has contacted Russell Crowe’s representatives and Mr Miyagi for comment.