The American public are growing "tired" of the Sussexes, according to a US-based royal commentator. There is a general feeling that stories about Harry and Meghan's experiences with the Royal Family have "oversaturated" the media, Kinsey Schofield suggests, adding that Meghan "doesn't necessarily have a huge fanclub" stateside. "I think people are tired of the Sussexes," the To Di For Daily podcast host told GB News. The couple could once count on the US for support but recent polling suggests their popularity has sunk following the release of Harry's bombshell memoir, Spare. The clearest evidence of this decline comes from a poll of 2,000 US voters, which gauged public opinion before and after the release of Spare on January 10. That plunged to -7 by January 16 - six days after the release of the Duke's memoir. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's 'transatlantic campaign of hate' backfires as US celebrities snub them Meghan's popularity has also nosedived, dropping +23 to -13 over the same period. Polling also suggests Harry and Meghan's Netflix documentary, which was released in December, left US viewers underwhelmed. Kantar's quarterly survey, which polled 20,000 people in the US and 12,000 in the UK about their viewing habits and satisfaction in December, found Harry and Meghans' doc paled in comparison to royals drama The Crown. Americans ranked The Crown as the third most enjoyed program across streaming platforms. DON'T MISSUS evacuation ordered after train derailment explosion [LATEST]Harry and Meghan will never 'come close' to royal wealth [REPORT]China signalling 'we can do what we want' as US falls behind [INSIGHT] In contrast, the Sussexes documentary was the 95th most enjoyed programme in the US - ranking 92 places behind the royals drama. The findings stand in stark contrast to the UK, where Harry and Meghan's docuseries came in at fifth place in terms of most-enjoyed titles in December. The two-part series was first aired on December 8 ahead of the Duke’s tell-all memoir Spare. It made a number of explosive claims about royal life, the media's treatment of the Sussexes and Harry's tense relationship with his brother, William. READ MORE: Fresh blow for Harry and Meghan as Netflix doc trounced by The Crown in new US poll It also served as a prelude to Prince Harry's Spare, which contained more bombshells and insights about royal life. Harry and Meghan not attending Oprah Winfrey's 69th birthday party last week added further fuel to the perception that Sussexes are losing support in America. Oprah's star-studded party included the likes of Kim Kardashian, Jennifer Lopez and Sharon Stone. It remains unclear why Harry and Meghan missed the event, but there's a growing perception that US opinion is turning against the couple. Royal observers, such as Nile Gardiner, believe their absence was telling. "They are already pariahs in the UK," the royal enthusiast claimed on Twitter. The Sussexes are "increasingly unpopular in the US", Gardiner added.