Today’s scandal is over comments Lee made in the Spectator. He argued that, in certain instances, such as the murder of Lee Rigby where there was irrefutable video evidence, we should bring back the death penalty. He said: “Nobody has ever committed a crime after being executed. You know that, don’t you? 100 percent success rate. If they have videoed it and are on camera – like the Lee Rigby killer, they should have gone, same week”. Cue much hysteria. But does Lee have a point? The latest nationwide poll we have on capital punishment is from March last year, when YouGov discovered that 40 percent of Brits approve of the death penalty, with 50 percent against, with Conservatives on 58 percent. But when respondents were pushed on specific crimes, capital punishment rose in popularity: multiple murder was 55 percent, terrorism 54 percent, and child murder 52 percent. That means Lee’s stance isn’t “extreme,” but a majority view. Critics will slam this as the opinion of “gammon” – older, white conservatives, with a more traditional “eye for an eye” outlook.And they’d be right. A key talking point is the massive cost of keeping lifers in jail. In 2014, Lee Rigby’s murderers Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale were sentenced to whole of life without parole and 45 years respectively. Even at 2018 figures, it costs £63,000 per year to imprison a Category A prisoner. That’s £173 per night – more than a luxury hotel. Times that by 45 years for each of Lee Rigby’s killers, and that’s a whopping £5.67million cost to the taxpayer. Surely the British public has every right to ask: is that a fair use of taxpayer’s money? But the BBC, the Lab/Lib alliance, the liberal media establishment, and academia don’t want the great unwashed to have a debate on the death penalty – just like they don’t want us to have a debate on immigration, the rise of Islamist terrorism, Net Zero or the right of the state to butcher our children in the name of trans ideology. They wouldn’t even let us have a fair debate on Brexit, both before and after they backed the wrong horse. Instead, we have a woke, detached, intellectual monoculture: the tyranny of the minority. Lee Anderson has put the Wethserspoons into Westminster – in a good way. He doesn’t just call a spade a spade - he clangs you round the head with it. He speaks for the silent majority who are muzzled, even despised by the metropolitan elites at the BBC and the Lib/Lab party. For what it’s worth, I’m against the death penalty. I don’t think that way a civilised society lies. But I fully support the right of MPs like Lee to raise the spectre of bringing back the death penalty, even if, as is likely, that won’t ever happen in Britain. Because without health, feisty debate, we don’t have a democracy. We have a dictatorship.