Kate, Princess of Wales enjoyed an emotional reunion with her inspirational former schoolteacher Jim Embury during a visit to the harbour town of Falmouth today - giving him a huge spontaneous hug as she told him how she was now passing the lessons taught her on to her own children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Kate and Prince William arrived in Cornwall via helicopter shortly after noon to undertake two key engagements, in what was their first official joint visit there as the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall. Kate caught up with Mr Embury at the National Maritime Museum Cornwall, where he is now a volunteer. After a warm embrace, she told him: "Things you taught me, I now teach to my children". Speaking afterwards, the history teacher, who taught Kate when she was attending prep school, said of the Duchess as a student: "She was a fantastic student and it was a great class." The Museum, located in Discovery Quay, is marking its 20th anniversary this year and with its 15 galleries, a boat-building workshop and interactive exhibits, it has grown to become a popular destination for locals and tourists. While hearing about the rich maritime heritage Cornwall can claim, Kate and William joined the Museum's workshop, where they met local people working on the refurbishment of a 14ft sailing dinghy, called Kiwi. The boat has a strong emotional link with the Royal Family, as it was presented to the late Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip as a wedding present from the Royal New Zealand Navy. Earlier, the royals took part in a walkabout before being welcomed by officials. As they shook hands and exchanged a few words, Kate and William got to meet Melissa, a fan who had battled the cold temperature for more than an hour to be able to briefly speak with the Duchess. For today's visit, Kate donned a knee-length brown coat by Hobbs that she first wore in 2012. She paired it with a dark red dress and a brown pair of suede Gianvito Rossi knee-high boots. During their day of engagement in Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess learned more about the local maritime heritage, something very close to Prince William's heart. The Prince is a keen conservationist and has been a patron of several initiatives and organisations focused on protecting the environment and its species. In October 2020, he also launched the Earthshot Prize, a decade-long initiative awarding five £1million to each of the five winners picked by a council every year. READ MORE: Six clues Prince Harry will attend King Charles's Coronation Helping students with their work, the couple were handed some tools. While Kate joked her husband "can do the hammering", she also gave it a go. While in Cornwall, the royal pair also heard about the "Young and Talented Cornwall" scheme providing financial support to help youngsters from across the region fulfil their potential no matter their background. The fund has given out almost £350,000 to some 275 individuals over the past decade, and supported future Olympic medal winners and international rugby players among others. The visit to the Museum ended with Kate and William showing once again their competitive side as they joined pupils from King Charles CofE Primary School taking part in a model boat race. The day in Cornwall also included a visit to a community centre. Prior to the royals' arrival, a spokeswoman for the couple said: "The Duke and Duchess will learn about Cornwall's maritime heritage before visiting a local community centre which is going the extra mile to give opportunities to individuals while building a supportive and cohesive community." The Prince inherited the title of Duke of Cornwall from his King Charles following the death of Queen Elizabeth II. While this was the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall's first joint visit, Prince William had headed to the region in November. During his first visit as Duke of Cornwall, he met staff, volunteers and young people at Newquay Orchard, which offers environmental education, employability training and community events.