Manchester United icon Roy Keane made ITV host Laura Woods put him on the spot after he described Kevin De Bruyne's goal for Manchester City against Bristol City in their 3-0 FA Cup win as "sexy football". The Belgian struck from distance as Keane was impressed with the playmaker as they advanced to the quarter-finals of the competition. As Keane and Arsenal hero Ian Wright were discussing De Bruyne's effort from range after picking the ball up from Jack Grealish, Keane explained how he felt at the time when the ball hit the back of the net. "Just the weight of pass is perfect... I said it when we were watching... sexy football!" Keane said. Host Woods then made sure to go back to Keane's comment at the end of the segment. "Kevin De Bruyne will go home, turn on the telly, watch the highlights and wonder how Roy Keane will have described him," she said. "I don't think he'd have expected you to say 'sexy'!" Though Keane could not stop himself from gushing over De Bruyne and Manchester City. "Just the weight of pass from Jack [Grealish] even," he added. "There was no doubt in my mind that when he [De Bruyne] got in that position that he was going to score. It was like a tap-in to him, pure quality we love watching."  Wright added: "When you look at that you look at the Bristol City players and the way Jack came in and made that look easy, running at pace and the weight of the pass but it's them saying 'Go on then, shoot from 25 yards', and that's what these players can do. "Look they are all backing off from him, you can't do that. You can't do that with a player like Kevin De Bruyne because he will punish you, even as far as it was and he can still curl that into the far corner. It's top quality and that's what they were tonight."   City boss Pep Guardiola was similarly delighted by his side in a "tough" game away to Bristol, though refrained from referring to their performance in a similar fashion to Keane as he praised two of his stars. "It was really tough," Guardiola told ITV. "Bristol showed us how good they can be. I was impressed by some players, I didn't know them. The second half was much better. "Dynamic, rhythm, work rate, his quality. His [Phil Foden's] career was always up, up, up. This season he struggled a bit and was a bit down. But now he's back for the best bit of the season. His impact has been amazing. Football pays off when you work like he does. "When you play where Rodri plays it's not easy. It was important for us he's [Kalvin Phillips] back. We're still alive in three competitions. We'll see what happens in the future." 