King Charles had a sharp response to a student asking him to "bring back" Prince Harry, quipping in reply, "Who?" The King was paying a visit to University of East London (UEL)'s Stratford campus to mark its 125th anniversary, alongside unveiling a plaque and opening its new hospital and primary care training hub. He was accompanied by UEL's vice-chancellor and President Amanda Broderick, and greeted and shook hands with a gathering of students who had waited to meet the monarch. One asked the King, "Can you bring back Harry?", to which Charles replied, "Who?" after initially mishearing him. Once he understood what had been asked Charles burst into laughter. While at the university hub's baby development lab Charles met three infants and their mothers, one of whom started crying when Charles sat down on the sofa.  The King simply responded, "Oh dear", however he received a more positive reaction from two other children and a toodler who gave him some flowers. The toddler was so excited he gave away his posy before Charles had finished greeting the first pupil, which the King found very amusing. The UEL visit was just one of many engagements for the King today, who along with the Queen Consort Camilla went to Brick Lane to meet members of the Bangladeshi community. READ MORE: Princess Kate shows off her sporty as she gives tyre pulling a go They met charities and individuals involved in the anti-racism movement, which beagn in the 1960s and 1970s. Charles also met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky for the first time at Buckingham Palace. The King's relationship with his youngest son has been strained since Prince Harry and wife Meghan Markle left behind royal life in 2020. DON'T MISS:Strictly Come Dancing fans slammed over response to wheelchair news [LATEST]Trump delivers 'real' State of Union after Biden slams Republicans [US]French tennis star retires in tears after injury from horror fall [SPORT] Their rift was exacerbated even further following the publication of Harry's memoir Spare last month, where he appears to question his father's parenting skills. In spite of this it is expected that Harry and Meghan will be invited to the King and Queen Consort's coronation on May 6. It remains to be seen whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will accept the invitation, particularly as it falls on the same day as their son Archie's fourth birthday. 