 Newly appointed Deputy Chairman of the Conservative Party Lee Anderson has faced criticism in the past for his outspoken opinions. Despite this, as part of his re-shuffle last week, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak chose him to support Chairman Greg Hands in preparing the Tory Party campaign for the next general election. And a new Express.co.uk poll has shown the decision is backed by more than four in five readers.  Mr Anderson has represented his Ashfield constituency in Nottinghamshire since 2019 and previously served as a Labour councillor. He was voted as the favourite backbench MP of 2022 in a survey last year by Conservative Home and remains popular among grassroots party members. He shared his gratitude to Mr Sunak for the promotion and said he was “feeling very proud” to have the role in a video message shared on Twitter. He said: “I am going to take this new role really seriously, grafting seven days a week, 12 hours a day for the next 18 months up until the general election.” But last week, Mr Anderson sparked debate over his support for the return of capital punishment. Speaking to the Spectator magazine a few days before his appointment, he said: “Nobody has ever committed a crime after being executed. You know that, don't you? 100 percent success rate.” He added that many voters agree with his opinions: “If I say something that is supposedly outrageous in that place [the Commons], I get back to Ashfield on a Thursday, people will come out the shops and say: ‘You say what I'm thinking’.” He continued: “Maybe some of my colleagues think I'm a little bit too divisive. But I'm of the mind that half the population will hate you, whatever colour you wear.” READ MORE: Tories urged to unite to win next general election  In a poll that ran from 11am on Thursday, February 9, to 12.15pm on Monday, February 13, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Is Lee Anderson the right choice for Tory Party Deputy Chair?” Overall, 4,619 votes were cast with the overwhelming majority, 86 percent (3,981 people) answering “yes” in support of Mr Anderson’s promotion. Whereas 13 percent (595 people) said “no” he was not the right choice, and a further one percent (43 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers debated Mr Andreson’s suitability as Tory Party Deputy Chairman.  Many readers were in support of Mr Anderson’s new role in the Tory Party, with username Theghostofsirjohn21 describing it as “a very refreshing appointment”. Similarly, username Trudi432 said: “Lee Anderson is a breath of fresh air in politics, at least he is in tune with the majority of people.” Username story123 agreed, writing: “It is a refreshing change for an MP to be in touch with what the British people have been saying for a long time.” Another, username Scampi2 said: “Lee Anderson represents the views of many people across the social spectrum, these views are usually suppressed and ignored. By appointing him, Sunak has shown he knows he needs to listen to the whole country.” DON'T MISS: It IS possible to make a meal for 30p - I've just done it [INSIGHT]Lee Anderson warns Brexit fight isn't over as he relishes new role [LATEST]Lee Anderson gets my vote if he is going to deliver the killer blow [COMMENT]  Username Eleze 210 also supported Mr Anderson, commenting: “I think Lee Anderson is absolutely brilliant everything he says makes sense.” And username greyjaybee said: “No brainer...the man is direct, honest and cares about working people and his country.” Meanwhile, other readers thought that he deserves to have a more prominent role in the Tory Party. Username IBowman wrote: “He needs further promotion.” Likewise, username pcincorrect said: “Make him Prime Minister ASAP.”   However, some readers were more sceptical about Mr Sunak’s decision to appoint Mr Anderson as Deputy Party Chairman. Username jazzhands remarked that the decision was a “distraction tactic”. And username Morris Dancer said: “He may be the perfect man to distract voters from the important issues.” Another, username happyeaster questioned: “Has Sunak lost his mind.” While username CARDIFFBOY thought that this signalled the end of the Conservative Government. They said: “His public presence and opinions will help to finish off the Tories at the next election. His brand of politics is outdated.”   Mr Sunak’s choice to appoint red wall MP Mr Anderson as Deputy Chairman is a contrast to Mr Hands’ affluent London seat of Chelsea and Fulham. Michael Fabricant, Conservative MP for Lichfield, welcomed the descision, describing Mr Anderson as “authentic”. He told the BBC: “From time to time it's refreshing to have someone in the party who actually has his own views.” The pair will be responsible for preparing the Party, firstly for May’s local elections, and ultimately the next general election, which Mr Hands suggested could take place in the next 18 months. The latest Techne UK tracker poll for Express.co.uk shows Labour to maintain its 21-point lead over the Conservatives. Sir Keir Starmer’s Party holds 48 percent while Mr Sunak has just 27 percent. The Liberal Democrats has eight percent, while Reform UK has seven and the Green Party just four.