Sheffield United captain Billy Sharp has hit out at Wrexham's owners and players for the way they approached their FA Cup fourth round replay at Bramall Lane. The 37-year-old veteran netted a crucial late second for the Blades before Sander Berge added gloss to the scoreline following a hard-fought victory over the National League leaders in Yorkshire. Following a thoroughly entertaining 3-3 draw at the Racecourse Ground in Wales, Wrexham once again showcased their never-say-die spirit to force their way back into the tie against the Championship promotion hopefuls. Having trailed to Anel Ahmedhodzic's opener, top scorer Paul Mullin fired Wrexham level from the penalty spot before he saw a second spot-kick saved by Adam Davies. Sheffield United then went up the other end and killed the game in the closing stages of the match to set up a fifth-round clash with Tottenham on March 1. But despite his goal and a precious victory, Sharp wasn't impressed with Wrexham's players or Hollywood owners Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney for allegedly overlooking the Blades, although there is little trace of disrespect. READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges Prior to the game, star striker Mullin had actually reaffirmed that Wrexham couldn't afford to look past Sheffield United when quizzed on the prospect of facing Spurs. An agitated Sharp said during his post-match interview with ITV: "It was a great cup tie over two games. They played excellently. "I think they've been disrespectful before the game, thinking he was already through. "They're doing well in their league, we're doing well in ours and I wasn't happy with a few of their players tonight. DON'T MISS Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesBenfica 'requested integral Chelsea midfielder' in Enzo Fernandez swap deal counter offerChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez "But we've got one over on them, good luck to them with promotion and we've put that one to bed now. "A few of their players I wasn't happy with and I got a bit frustrated at the end there. "I should have put the game to bed but it's one of them, I'm happy we are through to the next round." When pressed for clarity on exactly what had annoyed him, the centre-forward added: "I wasn't happy the way they've been as a club. "Before the game, eyeing up Spurs when they haven't even beaten us. We're an honest set of lads and we want to go as far as we can in this competition. "If we get beat in the next round so be it, but we'll give it a real go. I think they thought we were just going to roll over when they got back in it. "The referee was helping them all night as well, I don't think he gave me one foul all night tonight. "But it's one of those things, I probably lost my head a little bit. But I've got a smile on my face now because we're through to the next round and we deserve it."