Joe Biden is set to close a deal with Mexico that would allow legal entry to hundreds of thousands of migrants into the United States. The arrangement would include the deportation of non-Mexican illegal migrants en masse across the southern border. The US President, who is trying to fix the growing border crisis ahead of the 2024 election, recently said the country has been unable to deport migrants back to their home country which lead to a rise in illegal crossings. His new policy would force non-Mexican migrants who entered the US illegally to be deported to Mexico. Sources have revealed that while the deal is not set in stone, Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador has been open to negotiations, according to the Washington Post. Top immigration official from the Clinton administration, Dois Meissner, told the Washington Post called the policy a "game changer" for Biden's administration. He added: "'I think we're into a new era and new territory." READ MORE: Chinese spy balloons have been collecting US data for 'several years'  Under the plan, Mexico would accept migrants native to Venezuela, Nicaragua, Haiti, and Cuba, according to the Post. Any non-Mexican migrants who cross illegally face arrest, incarceration, deportation to Mexico, a five-year ban from the US and the prospect of jail time and felony charges for a second illegal crossing. The policy hinders on Biden expanding the parole process to fast-track work authorisation for migrants with sponsors in the US leading to an uptick in legal migrants on a two-year permit. Overwhelmed by thousands of Cubans crowding its southern border after making the dangerous trip through Central America and an increase in makeshift boats crossing the Florida Straits, the United States in early January approved a policy change that makes migrants request a permit, or parole, online before arriving with the sponsorship of a relative or acquaintance in the US. Cubans, who qualify for the program along with Nicaraguans, Haitians and Venezuelans, have responded with zeal, launching a search for sponsors and long lines to obtain documents. The program’s backers hope it will help would-be migrants avoid the risks of the route through Mexico -- plagued by traffickers – and bring order to the migrant flow. According to figures from U.S. border authorities, in the 2021-2022 fiscal year – which began in October last year and ended in September – officials had a record 224,000 encounters with Cuban migrants on the Mexico border. In October 2022 there were 29,878 Cuban migrants stopped, in November 35,881 and in December 44,064. Meanwhile, the Coast Guard intercepted 6,182 Cubans trying to arrive by sea in fiscal year 2021-2022. Add to that 4,795 in the past three months. DON'T MISS Joe Biden couldn't have 'dreamed' for better State of Union address [EXCLUSIVE]Donald Trump 'not pulling punches' after Joe Biden's State of Union [INSIGHT]Half of Americans say they are worse off than last year [ANALYSIS] All the figures are records and come amid a serious economic crises on the island caused by the coronavirus pandemic, inefficiencies in economic reforms and a radical tightening of US sanctions, which seek to pressure its government to change its model. Blackouts, shortages, inflation, long fuel lines and dollarization marked parts of 2021 and 2022 in Cuba, while the country saw its first street demonstrations in decades with thousands of people demanding an end of the power outages. Until January 5, Cubans who arrived at the northern border of Mexico obtained permits that granted them entry into US territory, assuming there was a credible fear that prevented them from returning to the island. Later they usually ended up with refugee benefits and a year after that the protection of the Cuban Adjustment Act. Then the Biden administration unveiled its new policy: 30,000 migrants will be accepted each month from Cuba, Nicaragua, Venezuela and Haiti. The migrants can stay for up to two years but must have a sponsor already in place in the United States. Those who risk reaching the borders without permission would be deported and not be able to enter US territory for five years. There are still questions about the program, including how many people from each of the four countries will be accepted. And the program is not without controversy in Cuba amid the migrant boom in recent months, since many people had already began their journeys toward the United States on the previous route. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews