Russia has scrambled to produce its own Viagra after the US manufacturer Viatris "suspended" its supply to the pariah state. Russia’s Ministry of Industry and Trade has confirmed that the tablet form of the erectile dysfunction drug has been stopped.  A spokesperson from the Kremlin ministry said: "Viatris LLC informed us about the suspension of the supply of the Viagra drug in the dosage form of a tablet." In response, Russian companies have stepped up their production of erectile dysfunction drugs in recent months. The ingredient sildenafil in Viagra is not produced in Russia although Russian companies still have the "technological possibility" to create it. Between January-September 2022, the production of Viagra in Russia increased by more than 11 percent, with sales soaring by 15 percent, according to the Russian government. READ MORE: ISIS-inspired video shows five drug cartel killers being beheaded  Medicines like Viagra have not been hit by trade sanctions levied by the US, Britain or the European Union. But many companies have warned that sanctions on Russian banking, and shipping companies has affected supply. Viatris said that "trade controls, sanctions, supply chain and staffing challenges and other economic considerations related to the conflict have impacted our operations". They added this "may negatively impact our financial results in future periods". A Russian pharma analytics firm called DSM Group reported Viagra’s market share had been slashed by 22 percent in volume year-on-year because of supply issues and new competition.    Don't miss... Russian squatter gangs take over British and Ukrainian holiday homes [LATEST] Massive 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand [LATEST] Nicola Sturgeon resigns as Scottish First Minister [LATEST]  Many medical companies have voluntarily reduced trade to the warring country but others have been slow to react if at all. Ukraine has demanded medical companies stop their operations because they are helping the aggressive country. Pfizer has also announced it would halt investments in Russia and all clinical trials there, but would continue to supply drugs.   