The Los Angeles Lakers are to be denied the opportunity of re-signing Stanley Johnson due to a strange rule within the NBA's Collective Bargaining Agreement. The Lakers have improved their roster in the past few days, trading away Russell Westbrook who has struggled ever since he joined the team, and acquired several young players who will improve the team now, and through the next few seasons. The Lakers have acquired Rui Hachimura, Jarred Vanderbilt, Mo Bamba, Malik Beasley, and a reunion with D'Angelo Russell - all capable players who will improve their chances of making the playoffs this season. But Russell was not the only reunion the Lakers had hoped to reunite with, with another former Laker and teammate of James becaming a free agent in the last few days, when Johnson was waived from the San Antonio Spurs. It was a surprising move, with Johnson playing well so far this season - being very good defensively and shooting strong numbers from the three point line - something that the Lakers are in desperate need to address.  And with a few outlets reporting that the Lakers could have interest in Johnson, it has been highlighted that they will be unable to do so - because he was technically already traded away from the Lakers this season, with the rule stating that a player cannot be traded and then re-join that same team. The trade though, came two months before the season had begun, when the Lakers traded he and Talen Horton-Tucker in exchange for defensive stopper Patrick Beverley - who was recently traded away himself. What makes the situation seem unfair though, is that Johnson was traded after his move from the Lakers, when he was sent from the Utah Jazz to the San Antonio Spurs - therefore making the Jazz the team that cannot reacquire him, not the Lakers. However, league experts have interpretated that Johnson is now not able to sign for the Jazz or Lakers, but the latter may contact the league to see if they are able to do so. Johnson is one of a few players who has been waived in recent days, becoming available for championship contenders to add to their roster.