An expert snake catcher has shared an image, challenging people find a snake that's been perfectly camouflaged. Bryce Lockett, a 25-year-old professional catcher in Australia, working for Snake Catchers Brisbane and Gold Coast has a unique but fun task for those whith an eye for detail. Snake catchers have an extremely challenging job, and to do it well they need to be quick and hawk-eyed to quickly spot and remove snakes from residential areas in Australia. The country is home to nearly 200 known species of snakes, with about 25 of them being considered deadly to humans. Can you spot the snake in the image below? While Australia may have only 25 species of deadly snakes, it is the only country that has more venomous snakes than non-venomous species, according to a website called Rita's Outback Guide. However, they note that not all venomous snakes have toxins capable of killing humans, or even causing severe illness. These snakes often slither into residential areas, leading to expert snake catchers having to retrieve them and find a place to safely rehome them. Last month, snake catcher Liza Van Gelder from Queensland, spotted a snake surviving after jumping from a roof and slithering away unfazed. Still can't see the camouflaged snake?  Researchers note that many snakes use camouflage to conceal themselves from both prey and their own predators, making it very challenging to detect them. A dog owner breathed a sigh of relief after her two-year-old Pomeranian narrowly escaped the jaws of a massive snake. Amanda Taylor was walking her dog, named Ferrari, in Queensland Australia alongside two other pooches. It was at this moment that she heard a high-pitched yelp behind her. She turned to find Ferrari being attacked by a huge carpet python. Recalling the incident in an interview with ABC News, Ms Taylor said: "I looked down and I just couldn't believe my eyes. This snake had ... just grabbed my little dog on the head ... and then just wrapped around him really quickly." READ MORE: Small dog rescued from jaws of 11ft python Ms Taylor displayed her heroism, though, immediately grabbing the snake and shaking it to try and save Ferrari's life. She continued: "All of a sudden [the snake] started unraveling and the poor dog went flying up in the air and running off down the beach. "It was just unbelievable how fast it happened...it was like an alien movie." Witnesses who were nearby when the incident happened also said that they were initially unaware of what was going on. One person even thought that it was a tree branch, not a snake, that Ms Taylor was holding. A witness, Kristy Lee Williamson, told ABC: "[Amanda] acted so quickly. I would hate to think what might have happened had it been just like a few seconds longer... it just felt like she really nailed that situation and saved her dog – she was like Steve Irwin." Ms Taylor was able to shake her dog free of the python's clutches before throwing the reptile towards a river. Ferrari suffered two puncture wounds – one on his ear and one just below the eye. The vets have given him antibiotics.