Erik ten Hag will be without eight first-team players when Manchester United face Barcelona at the Nou Camp on Thursday night. The Red Devils travelled to Catalonia on Wednesday, with Ten Hag taking a 22-man squad for the blockbuster Europa League knockout playoff. David de Gea is almost certain to start in goal in his latest return to Spain, with Tom Heaton and Jack Butland providing cover. Ten Hag has taken five full-backs with him, with Brandon Williams joining Luke Shaw, Tyrell Malacia, Diogo Dalot and Aaron Wan-Bissaka. They join centre-backs Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Raphael Varane, who could be partnered by Shaw in Lisandro Martinez's absence through suspension. Phil Jones, yet to feature under Ten Hag, hasn't been registered in United's Europa League squad, so his exclusion was no surprise. Marcel Sabitzer joins Martinez as the visitors' suspended players after picking up three yellow cards for Bayern Munich in the Champions League group stage. Casemiro and Fred are almost guaranteed to start as United's double midfield pivot, with teenage duo Zidane Iqbal and Kobbie Mainoo providing backup on the bench. JUST IN: Gabriel singled out as main culprit for Arsenal's loss to Man City  Scott McTominay, Donny van de Beek and Christian Eriksen are all out injured, leaving Ten Hag short on options in midfield. Bruno Fernandes should captain the side in Barcelona unless Ten Hag opts for Harry Maguire as Varane's partner over Shaw. Antony and Anthony Martial are also injured, also leaving the Dutchman thin on established options in attack. Marcus Rashford will be United's key to success as he continues to be Europe's hottest forward since the World Cup. Jadon Sancho could line up on the right, though Alejandro Garnacho may also return to the starting line-up after his impact against Leeds United on Sunday. Facundo Pellistri and Anthony Elanga are other options on the wing, with Wout Weghorst likely to start up front. DON'T MISS Arteta makes two complaints after Arsenal lose to Man CityMan City pay Arsenal greatest compliment before ripping hearts outChelsea and PSG relations 'at a low point' amid Neymar transfer issue Goalkeepers - David De Gea, Tom Heaton, Jack Butland. Defenders - Victor Lindelof, Harry Maguire, Tyrell Malacia, Raphael Varane, Diogo Dalot, Luke Shaw, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Brandon Williams. Midfielders - Bruno Fernandes, Fred, Casemiro, Zidane Iqbal, Kobbie Mainoo. Forwards - Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho, Facundo Pellistri, Wout Weghorst, Anthony Elanga, Alejandro Garnacho. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here