Oleksandr Usyk is set to square off against the self-assured master of mind games Tyson Fury in April and got a good look at him during their face-to-face late last year. Following the Gypsy King’s most recent victory over Derek Chisora on December 3, Usyk was welcomed up onto the ring apron where he locked eyes with his future foe. Fury hurled insults while Usyk stood motionless, never taking his eyes off the WBC champion as he smirked at every expletive sentence. “Usyk, you are next, you little b****,” shouted Fury. “You’re next, rabbit! P****. Fifteen-stone little midget bodybuilder. I ain’t a bodybuilder, sucker. I’m going to write you off. I’ve already done one Ukrainian in [Wladimir] Klitschko and I’ll do you as well, gappy teeth.” It was the perfect promotional material for a fight that is so important to the sport and Usyk believes he gained a psychological advantage in standing his ground – reversing roles with the quick-witted Mancunian. “I think I was able to get into his head a little bit, Mr Don,” Usyk told The Guardian. “I have been watching Tyson Fury get into the heads of his opponents for many years. And then I got into his head.” Fury is known for getting in his opponent’s heads before big fight nights. Arguably the best win of his career against Wladimir Klitschko is a testament to that. During the build-up, Fury tried to get under the stoic Ukrainian’s skin with astonishing press conference rants, personal jibes and that famous sauna story. Only Klitschko will know if it had any effect but there’s no denying that mental warfare was constant throughout. Usyk, however, says he sees past Fury’s alter ego and suspects he is completely different when the cameras are turned off. “When there are no cameras, he is completely different,” Usyk added. “He plays the bad guy for the cameras. I think he likes movies about love and when he watches them he cries a little. And that’s not a bad thing. When I watch some sentimental movies, I can shed a tear too.” The unified heavyweight champion is referring to an interview given to iFL TV by Fury in which he admitted he is a very emotional person and cried during Nick Cassavetes’ The Notebook (2004) and tear-jerking classic Marley & Me (2008). "I can cry like that. Bang! Show any emotion and I’m in tears,” he said. “I cried over Marley & Me, Ben Stiller and the Labrador that died. I was in tears. I cry over The Notebook, I cry over all these girly little movies, I’m a crier. I’m not this big tough hard man that shows no emotion with a big bald head, a big weightlifter like I might appear. But I am a crier, I will cry in two seconds, not a problem, I’m soft-hearted.”