Adam Lambert fans are feasting, right now. Over the weekend, his new album, High Drama, just hit streaming services; a batch of cover songs showcasing just how talented the Queen singer is. Earlier in February he played London's KOKO to celebrate his new record, but he's hitting one of the city's most legendary stages this June: The Royal Albert Hall. Tickets are coming out very soon. Here's all the information you need. Presale tickets for Adam Lambert's London show come out tomorrow, Wednesday, March 1, 2023, at 9:30am. This is an artist presale event, so fans will be able to get access to Adam's presale events by being a member of the Adam Lambert Fan Club. You can sign up for this subscription service on his official website here. Subscribers to the ALFC will not only gain access to the presale events, but will also receive "exclusive content", access to "community spaces", get involved with contests, giveaways, and exclusive merchandise. Once fans have signed up to the fan club, they will be able to grab presale tickets to the monolithic event. At the moment, tickets for the June 5 event are available at Ticketmaster, but this may extend to other ticket sellers as the week progresses. If you miss out on the Adam Lambert presale event, you still have one chance to get tickets during the general onsale event later this week. General onsale tickets for Adam Lambert will be released on Friday, March 3, 2023 at 9:30am. Tickets will once again be available from Ticketmaster, as well as See Tickets and any other retailers who put tickets up by the end of the week. Fans of Adam are advised to plan out their ticket-buying strategy well in advance, however. For starters, it is advised that music lovers sign up to Ticketmaster's website early so they can input their credit card details first. This will ensure a quicker checkout process once tickets go live. Also, it is important to get on the ticket page well in advance. Doing this will ensure fans will grab a better spot in the virtual queue. And once fans are in the digital queue, it is imperative that they do not refresh or leave the page, otherwise, you'll lose your position and have to start all over again. Tickets for Adam Lambert's one-night-only show at the Royal Albert Hall are not going to be cheap. According to See Tickets, a spot in the audience for the June 5 show will begin at £40 for a gallery standing ticket. However, these will no doubt sell out extremely quickly, so fans will need to act fast if they want these. Ticket prices go all the way up to £73.70 for stalls seating, placing you right in front of the action - but these too are expected to run out fast. The presale tickets could get sold at a different price as access is granted to them through the Adam Lambert Fan Club, but, as of right now, their price is a mystery. Buy Adam Lambert tickets here.