The former footman to the late Queen Elizabeth II and butler to Princess Diana sobbed as he said he will "be a mess" as he undergoes treatment. Paul Burrell shared his diagnosis on Lorraine in January and was scheduled to have his first operation on Monday, February 27. Paul was seen arriving at The Christie hospital in Manchester, to meet his consultant for the first time and have a pre-operation assessment. He told viewers: "It’s a little bit scary. “I’m apprehensive because I don’t know what to expect and I don’t know what the outcome is going to be. "So today I’ll find out the answers to all my questions.” READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series The father-of-two went on to explain: "I’ll go for a two-hour procedure and they will inject radium into my prostate. "My recovery will be for the rest of that week. And then for the next three weeks I’ll have to go to radiotherapy appointments to kill it from the outside as well as the inside. “Hopefully at the end of that period I’ll be all clear and just battle with the hormone treatment, which will last for a considerable time.” Paul sobbed as he said he was thinking about how to move on with his husband Graham Cooper, 60. "This isn’t about me is it? It’s about the big picture - it’s about my hubby, Coop. "It’s about our relationship, the way forward, so I had to talk about all of that. That’s a very important part of the jigsaw.” He continued: "I get so emotional because of the hormone therapy, which she said I’ll have to continue after the operation. "So I’m going to be a mess for a very long time. DON'T MISS...Harry 'unforgivable' for not correcting racism allegations with Queen [LATEST]Harry's claim he had no access to Queen after Megxit is 'nonsense' [INSIGHT]Ex-royal butler could be key to healing rift between Harry and William [UPDATE] “But you have to trade off certain things to get to a point of living.” As well as sharing his own journey, Paul encouraged viewers to get a PSA test to check for the disease. "Guys out there. Go and have a simple blood test," he told viewers. "You owe it to your partners. You owe it to your families. You owe it to the people who love you. "Just go and have a simple test. If they catch it early, you’ll get through it too, like me.” In the short video for Lorraine, Paul also met with Maurice and Winston, two cancer survivors and spoke about why men do not talk about the disease. "I think there’s a stigma, an embarrassment, more than anything else," Maurice shared. "And growing up in the Caribbean community we are always told that men are supposed to be strong and not talk about things and I think that’s part of the problem. As we all know, a problem shared is a problem halved.” Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV1 & ITVX