The Government has confirmed the payment schedule for five cost of living payments through the 2023/24 financial year totalling £1,350. Eight million families in the UK on means-tested benefits will automatically receive £301 this Spring and over 6.5 million people on disability benefits in the country will receive a £150 payment this summer. As the cost of living crisis continues to squeeze household finances, this extra boost could be vital for those on low incomes. The £301 payment is the first of five direct cost of living payments for the most vulnerable households. This includes pensioners and disabled people, with the total amount of support reaching up to £1,350. The Department for Work and Pensions has confirmed the payment windows will be broadly as follows: READ MORE: Lloyds Bank is offering savers 5.25% on 'top' account - plus £200 free cash to switch He added: “High inflation, exacerbated by Putin’s illegal war, is hurting economies across the world and making people poorer. “These payments are the next part of the significant support we are providing through this challenging time, with millions of vulnerable households receiving £900 directly into their bank accounts this financial year alongside additional help for pensioners and those with disabilities. “This latest payment will provide some temporary relief, but the best thing we can do to help families and businesses is to stick to the plan to halve inflation this year.” There are several benefits that could make claimants eligible for the £301 Cost of Living Payment, including Universal Credit and tax credits. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: Britons warned of 'key considerations' when passing wealth to loved ones These payments will all be tax-free, will not count towards the benefit cap, and will not have any impact on existing benefit awards. Eligible individuals do not need to apply for payments, as they are made automatically. Those eligible for cost of living payments through tax credits, and no other means-tested benefits, will be paid by HMRC shortly after DWP payments are made. This builds on the Government’s wider support package, which includes further funding for the Household Support Fund, bringing its total value for October 2021 to March 2024 to over £2 billion. The fund is distributed to English councils, who know their areas best and are then able to offer direct support for those most in need in their local area. Every household with a domestic electricity supply is also benefitting from the Energy Price Guarantee, which is saving the average household around £900 this winter and a further £500 in 2023/24 by capping energy costs. Benefits will also rise in line with inflation from April, which will see a 10.1 percent increase for pensioners and those on the lowest incomes, whilst the National Living Wage will see its biggest ever cash rise, bringing it to £10.42 an hour. This all follows on from 2022’s support package, which included: