An A&E doctor on a bicycle was run over by the driver of a Lexus who then allegedly got out and stabbed him to death, police say. Dr Michael Mammone, 58, was cycling on the Pacific Coast Highway, in California, when he was mowed down by the car, which "launched into him" at an intersection. Suspect Vanroy Evan Smith, an accountant and dad-of-two, then exited the car and began screaming racial slurs about "white privilege" while brandishing a BB gun, witnesses say. He then allegedly stabbed Dr Mammone in the back multiple times, before being wrestled to the ground by bystanders until the police arrived on scene. The shocking incident unfolded at around 3pm on Wednesday, with the moment of impact captured on video by a Ring doorbell on a nearby home. Married Smith mowed down the cyclist about a mile from Providence Mission Hospital in Laguna Beach, where Dr Mammone had worked since 2011. A possible motive remains unknown as police say both men were unknown to one another.   When officers arrived on the scene, Smith was being detained by bystanders. Sargeant Michael Woodruff praised the witnesses who detained the driver, describing them as "brave and heroic". Smith, a father-of-two, was arrested on suspicion of murder. He is set to appear in court later on Friday but is currently in custody at the Intake Release Centre in Orange County. In a statement, Mission Viejo, a hospital where Mr Mammone occasionally worked, said of its employee: "We are stunned by this devastating tragedy. The entire Mission Hospital family is grieving over the loss of an incredible physician and friend. READ MORE: Three-year-old boy found dead after being left in sweltering car    "We will honour Dr Mammone's dedication to our community and passion for medicine by continuing to provide exceptional care." His colleague, cardiologist Dawn Aatwal, added: "That's the irony of this whole thing. "If a patient was brought in his condition, he would have done everything he could to save that person. "He has saved so many lives here, and he died very close to where he saved hundreds of lives."  