The tactic is known as “kite flying” and undoubtedly there is a great deal of kite flying in the recent briefings around the NI Protocol negotiations. On Wednesday some outlets carried the detail that the EU had “backed down” on the European Court of Justice issue by not being able to bring a case on their own account but only having jurisdiction when a case was referred to it by a Northern Irish Court. So essentially one of the routes to the ECJ had been cut off but the ECJ still remains the court of final arbiter in issues of conflict. Knowing of some of the serial litigants in Northern Ireland the ECJ will be engaged at each and every opportunity. How is this a big win? I struggle to understand how any reputable official would argue that this is a basis for moving forward – the fundamental issue is that Northern Ireland would still be subject to the jurisdiction of the European Court. Just let that sink in - an internal part of the United Kingdom would be subject to the European court of Justice on an ongoing basis. Later on, Wednesday's reaction was shifted to the briefings which had been made, yes from unionists, who rejected any such proposal as a sensible way forward, but also from the European Union whose spokespersons dismissed the report and said significant gaps still remain. The issue around the ECJ is of course only a symptom of the cause of the problem with the NI protocol. The cause of the problem comes from the fact that NI remains in the regulatory regime of the EU and therefore the jurisdiction of the European court which sits over that regime. The change needed is for Northern Ireland to be returned to the internal market of the United Kingdom as promised by HMG. Instead of tinkering around with the consequences of NI being under the EU regime, goods going from GB to NI and staying in NI should not be under EU regulation. If there are goods in transit to the Republic of Ireland and into the single market of the EU then those could be checked although it has to be said the risk to the integrity of the EU single market is so small to be insignificant.  As I have said many times this should all have been dealt with through alternative arrangements for trade using trusted trader schemes, digital technology and small business exemptions, but as we know at the time these were all dismissed by the Irish Government and the EU. Those schemes could still be adopted today as part of the solution to the mess of the NI protocol and they would certainly de-dramatise the trading problems for many of our great companies both large and small. I say part of the solution because the EU also has to acknowledge the real import and meaning of the Belfast Agreement as, to date, they have got it so wrong. The EU was not involved in the negotiation of the 1998 agreement and being generous perhaps that is why they have totally ignored the delicate balance created in it. The heart of the agreement is that the constitutional position of Northern Ireland would not change without the consent of the people of Northern Ireland deciding otherwise. The EU needs to publicly acknowledge that NI is an integral part of the United Kingdom and as such, they have no right to interfere in the internal decisions of an independent sovereign state.  The EU is always content to repeat the mantra that they are protecting the Belfast Agreement with the imposition of the Protocol. The reality is if they did want to protect the Agreement they would reiterate what it says about the constitutional position of NI and not continue to impose trade and customs rules which are causing trade diversion, increasing costs, and reducing choice for British citizens living in NI. Next week the Supreme Court will give judgement on the court case brought against the Government in relation to the protocol. The case is brought in a number of names including my own and it is of course with sadness that we will hear the judgement in the case without the presence of Lord Trimble who passed away last year. Win or lose it is clear to all that the protocol is unsustainable; let's hope the judgement gives us the clarity which has been missing for so long.