British actress Claudie Blakley has become Father Brown’s (played by Mark Williams) right-hand woman, helping him to solve crimes in Kembleford. She came onto the BBC crime series in 2023, replacing Sorcha Cusack as Mrs McCarthy who previously had a similar role in Father Brown. Reflecting on Mrs Devine’s sleuthing skills, Claudie, 49, said: “She's really good at it. She's a real natural.” She went on to say: “I think that's why Father Brown just lets her get on with it because they complement each other well. “At first, Mrs Devine doesn’t get the job as his parish secretary. But then, of course, a murder takes place, and she starts finding clues and working it out.” Speaking about signing on the dotted line for Father Brown and portraying Mrs Devine, Claudie said: “Oh my gosh, I've loved playing her so much. It's just such fun to play a character who's really sunny and happy. “She's always looking on the bright side. She's up for everything. She's outspoken.” READ MORE: BBC defends 'lynch mob' Question Time backlash Claudie is married to fellow actor Ross Anderson with the couple sharing a sweet snap across their Instagram accounts. Actress Claudie shared the black-and-white selfie with her 1,300 followers back in December last year and captioned it: “Can’t wait to marry you @rossanderson87.” On New Year’s Eve, Ross shared a snap which confirmed he and Claudie had tied the knot. Ross posted a pictured of Glenfiddich whisky and a vase of red roses as well as a note congratulating them on their recent nuptials.  Claudie and her husband went on their honeymoon to the Maldives with the actress posting a selection of photos from the tropical location. She wrote on Instagram: “Had lunch here today with my husband.” The couple shares a daughter and Claudie has previously uploaded some snaps of her family on social media. In a post from June at the Man vs Bee premiere, Claudie shared a photo with lead star Rowan Atkinson, herself and and her daughter. She wrote: “Proud to take my daughter to an event! MAN vs BEE coming to NETFLIX Friday June 24th.” While Ross wrote: “We got to see Mummy being amazing on the big screen.  DON'T MISS...Better viewers 'switch off' minutes into thriller after feeling 'lost' [VIEWER REACTION]Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB [VIDEO]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [INSIGHT] Ross, 35, is best known for his role as Domnal in The Last Kingdom. He has also appeared in Granite Harbour, Rupture, The King’s Man, The Liberator and ITV’s Des. The actor will be appearing in The Last Kingdom: Seven Kings Must Die as he reprises his role. He is also starring in Lift, which is in post-production, according to IMDb. Father Brown season 10 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is streaming as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer now