Marcus Rashford's iconic goal celebration was born from his mental struggles last season at Manchester United and his new-found mentality at Old Trafford, the England international has disclosed. Erik ten Hag's revitalised MVP has been in sublime form since returning to Old Trafford following the World Cup in Qatar and has now racked up 24 goals in all competitions. Having seemingly stepped up to claim centre stage at United following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo in November, Rashford has elevated his game to new heights having struck 10 times in his last 10 Premier League outings. The scintillating 25-year-old has also hit six goals in his last six domestic cup matches having also found the net in United's recent 2-2 Europa League draw at Barcelona. Each goal has since been celebrated with his new trademark - pointing his finger against the side of his head and shutting his eyes. The celebration has previously been donned by Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves, sparking light-hearted online debate as to whether Rashford was copying the Portuguese maestro. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light But now Rashford has moved to clarify the meaning behind the popular celebration during discussion with United icon Rio Ferdinand. “Rashford, I found out today by the way, I went to Carrington today to interview Bruno [Fernandes], it was good,” Ferdinand said on his show FIVE. “I saw [long-serving receptionist] Kath [Phipps], been there 56 years, the lady! Ridiculous! But the celebration, it’s mentality. Nice, innit. Simple. But it’s just travelled massively. Everyone around the world is doing it now. All the young kids are scoring goals, that’s the impact Rashford has had. “Seeing Marcus just smiling – I’ve said this so many times – just seeing him smile, there’s a different vibe about him. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light  “He’s enjoying himself, there’s a spring in his step. I had a nice chat, it was nice. Nice vibes in the place.” Speaking last year when he first performed the celebration, Rashford declared it was a tribute to the fact he battled through hard times at Old Trafford last season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. "I was struggling at times with more mental things. It wasn’t really my own performance but other things off the pitch," Rashford said. "Too often last season, I wasn’t in the right headspace for games." Rashford recently laid on record that he felt there was new energy around the place at Carrington - paying tribute to the impact of new boss Ten Hag. At the start of the season, the Dutchman stated to the media that he felt Rashford could easily reach 20 goals this season. It's a figure the United attacker has already smashed as he now sets his sights on reaching the 30 mark before the end of the campaign. United are desperate to tie Rashford down to fresh terms at Old Trafford and the two parties are now hopeful of reaching an agreement over a new, lucrative contract that truly represents his value and importance to the club.