Tim Henman has given his view on Roger Federer’s potential return to Wimbledon this summer as one of the board members of the All England Club. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, the retired British pro pointed out that the eight-time Wimbledon champion had a club membership that he could use to visit. Federer is said to be in talks with the BBC over a potential role in their Wimbledon coverage this summer. It comes less than five months after the 20-time Grand Slam champion ended his career at the Laver Cup, where he played one final doubles match alongside Rafael Nadal before hanging up his racket. The 41-year-old has continued to maintain that he will remain involved in tennis somehow following his retirement but is yet to confirm in what capacity, though his talks with the BBC indicate that he will go down a broadcasting route. While his post-playing career remains unknown, All England Club board member Henman told Express Sport that he wants to see his old friend at SW19 this summer. “As he said when he announced his retirement, he’s never going to walk away from the game because he loves the game too much and he’s too passionate about the game,” the former world No 4 said, speaking to Express Sport last month. “But what specifically he ends up doing I don’t know.” JUST IN: Djokovic told how many Slams he will retire on as advantage explained   The British pro-turned-pundit also said he wasn’t sure what role he saw Federer taking on if he was to come back to Wimbledon during the tournament this summer but reiterated that he wanted to see the 103-time title winner back at the All England Club. “Will he come to Wimbledon this year? I hope so,” he added. “In what capacity? I don’t know. He’s been an amazing champion in our sport, the most incredible ambassador in our sport and he’s a good friend of mine so I definitely hope I get to see him a bit more.” DON'T MISSTennis star describes horror of Turkey earthquake as players strandedInside Coco Gauff's incredible life born to athlete parentsDjokovic mural destroyed months after locals shared fears over vandals Asked if the Club would be personally inviting its eight-time champion back, Henman responded: “I mean he’s a member isn’t he, of Wimbledon. I hope he’s around and I’m sure he will be, he’s got too big a connection and too big a history not to be around at some stage.” The Telegraph has since reported that the Swiss star is in “advanced talks” to join the BBC’s coverage of the grass-court Grand Slam as the broadcaster looks to shake-up its content following the departure of Sue Barker. A new studio is also expected to be constructed with some new faces set to appear as part of the coverage over the fortnight. 