Since Caleb Milligan (played by Will Ash) arrived in the Yorkshire Dales, Emmerdale fans were suspicious of the newcomer as they believed he could be an undercover police officer. However, producer of the ITV soap Jane Hudson confirmed there’s something else about the mysterious Dingle boy viewers have yet to guess. Since arriving in the Dales at the end of last year, viewers have watched Caleb try and earn the trust of his long-lost brother Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley). In a recent episode of the soap, it looked as though he finally was accepted into the family, although suspicions started to rise when Caleb was seen texting a mysterious person. Clear there’s a plan going on with the latest addition and the anonymous figure he’s been speaking to, fans fear the half-brother could be out to get Cain as many believe he could be an undercover police officer. Although, show producer Jane Hudson was quick to put any copper speculation to bed before revealing there is something about Caleb viewers don’t yet know. READ MORE:ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show   Appearing on Thursday’s instalment of Loose Women, panellist Judi Love confessed she’s loving the latest arrival. She said: “A viewer Eve has got in touch and wants to know what he really is up to and asks if he’s an undercover cop?” Jane replied: “Well, I can tell you he’s not an undercover cop, Coronation Street recently did that story brilliantly with Spider (Martin Hancock). “We’re not going to copy it, so he’s not an undercover cop, there is a secret about Caleb and the viewers have not yet guessed it.  “I’ve been reading all the theories about who he is and I’m like, ‘it's not that one, it’s not that one’.” Elsewhere in the show, the producer touched on Dingle family member Belle (Eden Taylor-Draper) and her future love life in the soap. With one viewer suggesting she could be a good match with Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant), Jane confirmed Belle will have a summer romance. She continued: “Well, she’s not going to find love with Jacob but she is going to find love.  DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis blasts BBC for relegating Watchdog during crisis [VIDEO] Emmerdale's Lisa Riley pays tribute to Paddy Kirk actor [SOAP] Dancing on Ice’s Joey Essex ‘terrified’ after fall on the ice [INSIGHT]  “We’ve got a bit of summer loving for Belle, so you need to see what happens but yes, that is going to happen, Belle is finally going to fall in love with someone.” As the Loose Women ladies celebrated at the revelation, Jane confessed it could be the most perfect relationship Emmerdale has ever seen. An upcoming storyline in the soap features Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt), who has been suffering with his mental health following his split from his wife Chas (Lucy Pargeter) after her affair. In scenes set to air soon, viewers will see the loveable character try to take his own life after his mental health hits an all-time low.   Still living with his ex, Paddy is struggling with isolation and grief over the loss of their daughter Grace as he feels unable to reach out for support. 