We have watched as children are pulled alive from pancaked apartment buildings, and families wait anxiously in the rubble of their homes for signs of life – and millions of Brits have been moved to help. The moment this awful crisis struck, the UK kicked into action to respond. The UK’s International Search and Rescue team made up of 77 search and rescue experts, four dogs and equipment went at the start of the week and continue to work round the clock on life-saving search and rescue operations from its base in Hatay. Within hours of arriving, UK experts located a 60-year-old woman buried under the rubble for several days without food and water. And the work goes on. The situation is developing rapidly, and those affected are contending with freezing and often life-threatening conditions. The UK has been preparing UK relief supplies for onward transport and will continue to do so in the coming days. Blankets, tents and hygiene kits are on their way to Turkey and Syria, a Ministry of Defence team has also deployed to Turkey’s capital Ankara to assess options for UK military support. In North West Syria, where the situation is more complex following years of conflict and an infrastructure ravaged by Russian and regime bombing, the UK-aid-funded White Helmets have mobilised a significant search and rescue effort to assist essential front line search and rescue operations.  Over 2,500 White Helmets volunteers are involved in the response across some 40 communities in northern Syria, and our UK funding will support recovery projects including assessing building safety, reopening roads and reconnecting utilities for those in affected areas. We’re listening intently to the needs of the people of Turkey and Syria, and, having met personally with a group of aid agency representatives at a roundtable earlier this week, it is clear to me just how important this assistance is on the ground. Our priority now is to ensure life-saving assistance continues to reach those most in need, working with the UN and other dedicated charities. This is a complex and constantly evolving operation. I’m also delighted to confirm that, with thanks to the generosity and compassion of the British people, the Disasters Emergency Committee’s Turkey-Syria Earthquake Appeal has reached extraordinary sums within a matter of days, which includes £5m of match funding from UK aid. That support will save lives in the most desperate conditions, and it would not have been possible without the kindness and support of the British people. So from me, a personal thank you. Andrew Mitchell is a Minister of State for Development and the Conservative MP for Sutton Coldfield. 