The latest teaser for Negan (played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and Maggie’s (Lauren Cohan) own spin-off series on AMC has proven the duo have far more menacing threats to deal with than Walkers. And while some had the TWD double act to cross paths with Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) and Michonne (Danni Gurira), it instead looks like Maggie and Negan will have to work together to save none other than Hershel first. While the first Dead City promo introduced a new species of Walker for the living to contend with, the latest has teased a deadly force among the survivors. The trailer opens with a distraught Maggie running to try and save her son after he’s captured by a new group of enemies. “Hershel!” Maggie yells after her son while an inconsolable Hershel yells back while being dragged away: “Mom!” Desperation soon sets in for Maggie as she realises her enemy-turned-ally Negan is the only one who can help save Hershel from his kidnapping. READ MORE: The Blacklist fans outraged by James Spader absence in season 10 debut “He has my son,” Maggie can be heard telling Negan.” You’re key to getting him back.” What follows is a series of action-packed shots of Walker killing, hoards of the undead and a menacing shot of Negan on a wanted poster. As Negan and Maggie get to work saving Hershel, they’re interrupted by a Walker landing in front of them. “Seriously?” Negan says in his typical demeanour. “Walkers are falling from the sky now?” The promo ends there, teeing up a tantalising springboard for the series to kick off from, but it’s safe to say the premise hasn’t gone down too well with TWD fans. A number have taken to the web to brand Hershel’s kidnapping as predictable, with many claiming it’s “lazy writing”. On Reddit, U/Living-Tiger3448 was the first to slam the plot line, wiring: “I kind of wish it wasn’t about Hershel getting kidnapped because that’s literally what everyone expected from day 1. I guess it’s the only thing that makes sense though.” This prompted U/JamJamGaGa to hit out: “It's lazy writing but I guess I can't really blame them because I would struggle to come up with another reason for Negan and Maggie to go to NYC together.” DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods fans rage as CBS drama undergoes scheduling shake-upSWAT viewers ‘in tears’ after Victor Tan faces major career blow Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence Elsewhere, U/Harryburgeon predicted: “And Negan will sacrifice himself to save him, I really hope they make a more creative story instead.” And U/NoPainNoName weighed in: “They use the kidnapping/hostage plot device way too much on these shows. “If they can’t think of a better reason for Maggie and Negan to go on their own adventure together, then maybe don’t pair them together in the first place. The very reason for this show is ridiculous.” Meanwhile, U/JustADutchRudder suggested: “The kids in TWD world all make horrible decisions. “It's probably safer for everyone, including viewers, that he spends the entire shows run kidnapped.” While U/Blissfoir defended the decision, arguing: “Yes hershel getting kidnapped seemed expected for the plot but I’m just happy to see more from maggie and negan. “I’m also excited for when they introduce the mutated zombies,” they added. (sic) Whether Dead City will be able to win over disgruntled TWD fans remains to be seen as there are still a few months to go until it premieres. The Walking Dead: Dead City premieres on AMC in the USA in June 2023.