Tesla is recalling nearly 363,000 vehicles with its “Full Self-Driving” system to fix problems increasing the risk of crashes. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says in documents posted Thursday on its website that Tesla will fix the concerns with an online software update in the coming weeks. The documents say Tesla is doing the recall but does not agree with an agency analysis of the problem. According to the agency, the issue lies in the way the self-driving car behaves around intersections and following posted speed limits. The system makes unsafe actions such as travelling straight through an intersection while in a turn-only lane, failing to come to a complete stop at stop signs, or going through an intersection during a yellow traffic light without proper caution, NHTSA said. The self-driving car system is being tested on public roads by as many as 400,000 Tesla owners. The document added that the system may not adequately respond to changes in posted speed limits, or it may not account for the driver's adjustments in speed. JUST IN: Ohio health warning: Doctors expose symptoms of chemical poisoning 'Use bottled water!' The NHTSA said: "FSD beta software that allows a vehicle to exceed speed limits or travel through intersections in an unlawful or unpredictable manner increases the risk of a crash." The recall affects certain 2016-2023 Model S and Model X vehicles, as well as 2017 through 2013 Model 3s, and 2020l through 2023 Model Y vehicles equipped with the software. The report clarified that "Tesla has identified 18 warranty claims... that may be related to the conditions described above." But the company clarified to the agency that they were "not aware of any injuries or deaths that may be related to such conditions."  Tesla's self-driving technology has been under the microscope for years, and the company recently faced criticism after its ads were broadcast during the Super Bowl. The self-driving system was first released in 2020 to a selected number of drivers and has since been uploaded to over 100,000 cars. The software is still in beta testing and drivers are required to monitor the car at all times. Over the years, users have uploaded hundreds of videos highlighting major flaws in the system Tesla ought to fix. DON'T MISSWoman shares 'simple' driveway parking tip which earns her £50 a month [INSIGHT]Massive new number plate changes to be introduced within weeks [WARNING]Elderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning [URGENT] Videos have also emerged showing licensed drivers being forced to intervene as self-driving vehicles attempted to drive into oncoming traffic or stopped after mistaking the moon for a stop light. Despite the system suggesting the cars are self-driving and the claim from Tesla owner Elon Musk that the vehicles do not need a licensed driver, the company's website said the cars cannot drive themselves and users must be ready to intervene at all times. A message was left Thursday seeking comment from Tesla, which has disbanded its media relations department. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews