Leeds United caretaker manager Michael Skubala has admitted that Jesse Marsch cut a disappointed figure after being sacked by the club yesterday. The Englishman spoke to the American before his departure and will lead the team against Manchester United in the Premier League encounter on Wednesday. Marsch was relieved of his duties as Leeds boss on Monday after just 11 months in charge following a dire run of form that had seen the club claim no wins in their last seven Premier League matches. Skubala, who is the club's U21 manager, has inherited a caretaker role alongside Chris Armas and Paco Gallardo with the club working on bringing in a long-term replacement behind the scenes. The trio will be in the dugout for at least the encounter at Old Trafford with no timeline yet placed upon the managerial search. Now Skubala has detailed talks he held with Marsch following the American's dismissal yesterday, admitting that he had been left disappointed by the decision as he said his goodbyes to his former colleagues. READ MORE: Arsenal can get Mudryk revenge with star Chelsea once valued at £100m  "I saw Jesse before he left and he spoke to all the staff," he said. "I think everybody that has to leave a club and when you want to do well is disappointed. It'd be the same with me and it'd be same with any manager. "So it's a bit disappointing time for Jesse and I don't think we could expect any different of that but he was very professional, and he was very caring for the staff and just said his goodbyes in a really professional and caring manner." The Englishman also admitted he had no desire to take on the job long-term and he would return to his role with the U21's when it was over. "This is a temporary situation," he explained. "I'm happy to support the club and look after the club in this moment of time while they work really hard to find a new head coach. I'll go back to my old role once this is done. I'll just do the best job I can do. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning  In the meantime, Skubala insisted his focus was on the task at hand against Manchester United on Wednesday. The Whites currently sit level on points with 18 placed Everton and any points they can pick up at Old Trafford would be invaluable to their fight against relegation. "Jesse was a good guy and the team was working hard for him but they're used to changes as professional footballers," he said. "I think the mood is okay. We've got to focus on Manchester United. We've got to be positive and we've got to go after three points." 