Manchester United star Casemiro has revealed that his name has been spelled incorrectly on the back of his shirt for his entire career. The 30-year-old has had hugely successful spells with Sao Paulo, Real Madrid and now the Red Devils respectively - but a superstition means his name has never read properly on his shirt. Casemiro’s full Brazilian name is Carlos Henrique Casimiro. But a mistake during one of his early games with Sao Paulo saw the first I replaced by an E on the back of his shirt. Having played well in the game for his hometown club, the midfielder insisted that his name should be spelled incorrectly for the remainder of his career. He has since gone by the name ‘Casemiro’, rather than ‘Casimiro’, for his entire 10-year spell in Europe. "So the thing is, my name is Carlos Henrique Casimiro, with an 'I' there," Casemiro explained on BBC’s Football Focus. "I remember that I played a game for Sao Paulo and they got my name wrong. They wrote it with an 'E'. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer plans remain unchanged amid Greenwood investigation "I played really well in that game and as I'm a superstitious person, I said to them 'just leave it like that, as things are going well'. So the name stuck, but my name is Carlos Henrique Casimiro. "It was a mistake made in one game, the name stuck and I said: 'No need to change it, leave it as it is'." Casemiro has been proven correct to be superstitious over his shirt name. He will be left to wonder whether he might have won the five Champions Leagues, three La Ligas, and a Copa America had he donned his actual name on his shirt over the last decade. The 30-year-old moved to Man Utd following a remarkably successful nine years in Madrid. Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag has credited the Brazil international with helping to overhaul the mentality and culture at Old Trafford in such a short space of time. DON'T MISS...Mason Greenwood adds Man Utd and Nike back to Instagram bioMan Utd icon Sir Alex Ferguson 'enthused' by Ten Hag in telling changeLiverpool urged to rival Man Utd for top free agent in summer But United will be without their midfield rock for the next three matches. He was shown a straight red card for grabbing the neck of Will Hughes during Saturday’s 2-1 win over Crystal Palace. Despite replays clearly showing the incident, Ten Hag was furious that there was no further punishment for other players during the melee at Old Trafford. The Dutchman said: “You see this team stands for each other, there’s such a good spirit in the team and they don’t accept when a player from us can be badly injured and that is the way Antony got treated. “This team sticks together, but of course you have to control your emotions. But it’s really difficult in such moments. And then I see two teams fighting each other. I see two teams who have several players crossing the line. And then one player is picked out and gets sent off and for me that’s not right."