The family of missing Nicola Bulley are in a "terrible place" after the police decision to reveal to the nation the mother-of-two was fighting drink problems and dealing with the menopause. At a press conference yesterday (Weds) senior officers from Lancashire Police disclosed that the 45-year-old had faced "some significant issues with alcohol" in her past and the force revealed they had attended her address on January 10. Mark Williams-Thomas, a former police officer turned investigative journalist, is now scrutinising Ms Bulley's case. He tweeted today: 'If police dealt with high risk status at [the] start it would have provided much more understanding, leading to less confusion, public hysteria & media involvement (which police haven't coped with ) & led to less damage to [Nicola's partner] Paul & family, who are right now after y/day in a terrible place'. After Lancashire Police revealed her issues with alcohol "brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause", the force was strongly condemned by MPs and campaign groups. Conservative MP Alicia Kearns, who chairs the Foreign Affairs Committee, said on Twitter: "I am deeply uncomfortable with the police releasing Nicola Bulley's so-called 'vulnerabilities' on menopause and alcohol. I struggle to ascertain how this will assist police in their search & investigations. I do see how it would assist those wishing to victim-blame or diminish."  Silkie Carlo, director of privacy campaign group Big Brother Watch, tweeted: "Lancashire Police broadcasting missing Nicola Bulley's health issues and hormone status to the world is a serious invasion of her privacy with no obvious benefits for the investigation. "A shocking decision when the police's treatment of women is rightly in the spotlight. "It's not at all clear how the police are justifying this disclosure, which seems to be aimed at shoring up public support for Lancashire Police's own forgone conclusions. "The ramifications of this invasion of medical privacy could be really serious, including for Nicola's safety." Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper stopped short of criticising the police decision but admitted she had concerns about the release of such details, calling it "very unusual". She said: "I do have a lot of questions and concerns about that. "I would want to speak directly to Lancashire Police about their reasons for doing so before commenting further, because I know there can be complicated reasons for police decisions." Meanwhile, Stella Creasy, Labour MP for Walthamstow, said: "The decision to disclose this level of detail on a missing person's private life, with no evidence that this is assisting in finding her, is deeply troubling. The police need to be much clearer as to why any of this helps find Nicola Bulley or support this investigation." READ MORE: America 'falling out of love' with Harry and Meghan after 'vile' attack on Royal Family Ms Bulley vanished after dropping off her daughters, aged six and nine, at school on January 27 in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. She was last seen at 9.10am taking her usual route with her springer spaniel Willow, alongside the River Wyre. Her phone, still connected to a work call for her job as a mortgage adviser, was found just over 20 minutes later on a bench overlooking the riverbank, with her dog running loose. Since she vanished, huge public and media interest has resulted in what police described as "false information, accusations and rumours" and an "unprecedented" search of both the River Wyre, downstream to Morecambe Bay and miles of neighbouring farmland. On Wednesday, Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith, the lead investigator for Lancashire Police in the case, told reporters at a packed press conference at force HQ: "As soon as she was reported missing, following the information that was provided to the police by her partner Paul, and based on a number of specific vulnerabilities that we were made aware of, Nicola was graded as high-risk." A later statement on the force website said: "Sadly, it is clear from speaking to Paul and the family that Nicola had in the past suffered with some significant issues with alcohol which were brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause and that these struggles had resurfaced over recent months. "This caused some real challenges for Paul and the family. As a result of those issues, a response car staffed by both police and health professionals attended a report of concern for welfare at Nicola's home address on January 10. "No-one has been arrested in relation to this incident, but it is being investigated. It is an unusual step for us to take to go into this level of detail about someone's private life, but we felt it was important to clarify what we meant when we talked about vulnerabilities to avoid any further speculation or misinterpretation." Underwater search expert Peter Faulding, who was helping to find her, said his team was not passed the information from police, which he says would "have changed search strategy". Former chief crown prosecutor for the North West, Nazir Afzal, said the statement "should not have been issued" as it gives "fuel to the victim blamers, armchair sleuths & conspiracy theorists". DON'T MISS: Expert slams police for withholding info on Nicola Bulley: 'Do they know something else?'