Manchester United could be the next victim of Chelsea's transfer hijacking habit as both clubs line Victor Osimhen up as a summer target. Erik ten Hag will prioritise signing a new long-term striker ahead of his second season at Old Trafford, with Osimhen emerging as his preference. United are low on striker options after terminating Cristiano Ronaldo's contract after his explosive Piers Morgan interview in November. Anthony Martial's injury issues persist, while Wout Weghorst has struggled for goals since his loan arrival in January. Reports claim Ten Hag is ready to offload Martial in the summer transfer window as one of several players who can help raise funds for the next stage of his rebuild. And the majority of his budget is expected to go toward a marquee striker, with Osimhen, Harry Kane, Goncalo Ramos and Benjamin Sesko at the forefront of links. However, Chelsea are reportedly preparing to challenge for Osimhen's signature as Todd Boehly plans to continue his heavy investment at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Liverpool and Spurs could help Chelsea beat Man Utd to Victor Osimhen  According to LondonWorld, Chelsea will go all out to sign the 24-year-old Napoli striker as the 'final piece' of Graham Potter's jigsaw. Boehly has handed Thomas Tuchel and Potter over £600million in his two transfer windows since buying the club from Roman Abramovich last year. Chelsea broke the British transfer record to complete a £107m deal for Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez in January as one of eight new additions, including the £88.5m capture of Mykhaylo Mudryk. And with Kai Havertz failing to score consistently as Potter's first-choice striker, Osimhen is thought to be next in the west Londoners' cross-hairs. The report claims Boehly and Clearlake picture a 'super team' that can dominate the Premier League and Europe for years. DON'T MISS Mykhaylo Mudryk warned he will 'regret' joining ChelseaNew Super League explained - Four key changes as Perez and co returnLiverpool trolled by Specsavers after Marcus Rashford Twitter post They have received encouragement from Osimhen's desire to taste English football after growing up idolising Didier Drogba. The Nigeria international has been one of the world's most prolific frontmen this season, scoring 16 goals and providing four assists in 17 Serie A games for the runaway leaders. He has over two years left on his current contract in Naples, so any suitor may have to splash close to, if not higher than, the British record fee to lure him away at the end of the campaign. PSG are also reportedly in the frame for his signature ahead of what could be a hotly-contested three-way transfer battle. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here