Both singers are currently showing the power of music, and especially pop music, to stir up a hornet's nest of controversy. That's been perfectly illustrated this week by two totally different hit singles - one from 1968, the other climbing the charts as we speak. Delilah, belted out more than half a century ago by "the Voice from the Valleys", was just the latest in a string of 1960s top 10 smashes from the Welsh sex symbol. It wasn't controversial then - but, boy, it is now. We'll come to that. Flash-forward 55 years to this month and emergent sex symbol and non-binary star Sam Smith (Smith neither identifies as fully male or female) hasn't had to wait even a second for the inevitable storm to break. The music video accompanying new release I'm Not Here To Make Friends (was the title deliberately prophetic?) has caused outrage with its graphic scenes featuring swinging nipple tassels, beaten bare bottoms, squirting, er, fluids, bondage and God knows what else. Even the Emperor Caligula might have been shocked, and he'd seen a thing or two. With Delilah, the problem's entirely with the lyrics. Essentially they tell the story of a man stalking his unfaithful girlfriend. When her lover drives away at dawn after a night of passion, the jealous boyfriend confronts her on the doorstep. She laughs in his face and that's when things get nasty. "I felt the knife in my hand, and she laughed no more..." Delilah is stabbed to death. Now, this may surprise you coming from someone in his mid-sixties, teetering on the brink of old fartdom.  But I actually find Delilah much more troubling than Sam Smith's writhing, beyond suggestive, camp-as-Christmas near-soft-porn video. In fact, I've always thought Delilah was a bit of a nasty song. It's essentially a plea for sympathy from a controlling nut-job who's just murdered a woman for daring to cheat on him. Turns out I'm not alone. This week the Welsh Rugby Union forbade the tradition of choirs singing it during games at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff. The WRU say they've taken advice from domestic violence charities and that Delilah is "clearly problematic". Many of you will think they - and I - are being po-faced about this, or even worse, "woke", and I must admit my very first reaction when I heard about the ban was "that's ridiculous". But after reflection, I don't think it is. Delilah may have been acceptable in 1968. But this is 2023. TheWRU are right to blow the whistle on it. As for Sam Smith's kinky corseted convulsions... well. I remember my parents' near-apoplexy at Mick Jagger's thrusting pelvis on Top of the Pops. Madonna's explicit videos were banned. Rock 'n' roll has always been about what it says on the tin, ever since Elvis ground his crotch around the stage: SEX. Sam Smith? Plus ça change.  Talking of Sam Smith we were doing just that on GMB this week when instead of referring to the singer by the genderneutral "them" or "they", I inadvertently said "him". I wasn't trying to make a point (I'm happy to call anyone by whatever pronoun they want), it was more like forgetting someone's married name and using their original surname. It happens. I apologised. However, I only have to sneeze or cough in the wrong direction on GMB and POW! instant Twitterstorm! But as Catherine Tate's brilliant character Lauren would say: "Am I bovvered?" It's been quite a week up in space. Down here in Cornwall, I'm still waiting for a clear night sky for a glimpse of the "green comet", making its first appearance since the Stone Age. (Although if it was cloudy last time it swung by 50,000 years ago, maybe no one's ever actually seen the damn thing.) But I live in hope and my telescope is rigged and ready. We have wonderfully clear night skies down here on our lonely part of the peninsular, unsullied by light pollution. Fingers crossed. Across the pond, Nasa this week announced thrilling plans to build a nuclear rocket to trim the flight time to Mars from more than six months to barely 12 weeks. This however may be trumped by ongoing research into the possibility of laser-powered spacecraft being pushed away from Earth by intensely powerful beams of light. We're talking Star Trek fast. Mars in less than an hour. Pluto in three days. And a real Star Trek moment for me. I met Mr Sulu, helmsman of Starship Enterprise; actor George Takei. He actually made that four-finger gesture to me and solemnly said: "Live long and prosper!" My week was complete.