The Good Morning Britain guest completely disagreed with the weight loss jab and as he shared his views, he got into a disagreement with host Ed Balls. Steve branded the idea of a weight loss jab as "nonsense" and said people who need to lose weight need "a shot of love". However, things took a turn when the ITV host suggested those who can't lose weight may benefit from the jab. Ed began: "Just on your point about emotional issues, of course, there are people who have these challenges and need support from people like you. "But there are also people who, for physiological reasons because of their body find that they can't lose weight. "And if this can help them do that, is it a bad thing?" "Have you just said that some people can't lose weight?" Steve replied. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments "Is that what you're saying? Are you suggesting to the nation this morning that people have physiological issues so they can't lose weight?" "Yes," Ed explained before Steve fumed: "It's nonsense, of course, people can lose weight." Ed chipped in: "There are some people who are bigger for a reason." "No, no, no," the weight loss coach disagreed. "I will not allow it..." "So it's their fault always?" the host interrupted as Steve fired back: "No, I've not said that. "Don't put words in my mouth like a politician..." "I am asking you a question, why don't you answer it?" Ed quizzed as Steve said: "I am answering it. "What people need this morning is a shot of self-love. A shot of being told they're too gorgeous to be fat, not to be told to go to the chemist and start sticking a needle inside of their stomach where a potential side event could be possible fibroid tumours." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Neville Parker 'framed' by close colleague  [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [NEWS]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as Mandy Dingle star drops clue  [SPOILERS] The segment left GMB viewers divided and many took to social media to share their thoughts. User @ReRead2021 wrote: "Ed Balls called out for talking rubbish there lol. Why this chancer gets to present #GMB is beyond me?" (sic) Jessica fumed: "We don't need weight loss jabs. We need a new approach to obesity, food addiction and exercise, and we need people to be earning enough bloody money to be able to eat well. #GMB." While Shirl added: "I'm overweight why because I eat too much!!! How do I lose weight I cut down on my food and eat healthily. This is absolutely ridiculous." "Just eat healthy and move your butt, getting a “jab” isn’t good for your body. #GMB," Sarah said disagreeing with the weight loss jab. (sic) "These weight loss jabs, why are you suddenly questioning them? Are you anti-medicine all of a sudden?" @TheOccasionalC3 asked. Gast Munns went on to say: "£180 a month for a weight loss jab? I’d rather be fat. #GMB." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.