Attendance Allowance is the most underclaimed DWP in the UK yet millions of people who have reached state pension age could be eligible for this financial support. Approximately 3.4 million pensioners aren't claiming despite having a disability or health condition that affects their everyday lives. While it depends on how the condition affects someone's ability to carry out certain tasks rather than the illness itself, at least 56 health conditions could mean someone qualifies for this extra financial support. More than two million pensioners are struggling due to pensioner poverty according to the Centre for Ageing Better, yet some of them could be missing out on benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Approximately 3.4 million pensioners could be claiming Attendance Allowance which is worth up to £92 a week or £5,000 a year. Attendance Allowance is paid to people who have a health condition that means they need extra help around the home or when they are out and about. Although people have to show they need help to carry out certain tasks, this doesn't actually mean they need to have a carer. READ MORE: Barclays is shutting 41 bank branches in 2023  Claimants will get either the lower rate of £61.85 if they need help during the day or night or £92.40 a week if they need help both during the day and night or have less than six months to live. To start the application process, claimants need to request an Attendance Allowance claim form from the DWP which they can either fill in online or print out. Britons can contact the Attendance Allowance helpline to ask for help and advice on filling out the form which is 30 pages long. Claimants can also ask for help from Age UK which has provided three tips to help people fill out the form successfully. DON'T MISSOver 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform [INSIGHT]State pension age increases are changing [UPDATE]NatWest ups overpayment rates on mortgages - could save thousands [ALERT]     Attendance Allowance is not means-tested so it won't be affected by earnings or savings someone might have. Claimants do not need to include a postcode or stamp and should send the completed form to: Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance. It's not the only benefit that people are missing out on - some £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year in the UK. People could also get extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction if they get Attendance Allowance.  At least 56 health conditions qualify including: 