Tottenham could finally spend big money in the transfer market should Iranian-American magnate Jahm Najafi complete his takeover of the club. The billionaire is reportedly preparing a £3billion takeover and will soon approach Joe Lewis and Daniel Levy with his offer. Should his bid be accepted Spurs could have a fresh look on the pitch next season as the club utilise their boosted coffers. Here Express Sport takes a speculatory look at what the starting XI could look like in the north Londoners' new era. Goalkeeper: Diogo Costa Hugo Lloris has been a magnificent servant to Tottenham however after a decade of being the club’s No 1 his best days are behind him and the club must recruit a replacement if they are to progress. Costa could be perfect for the role. The Portugal international has made rapid progress at Porto in recent years and looks to be one of the most promising goalkeepers in world football. He possesses an excellent ability with the ball at his feet and help the side to build from the back. It would also give Spurs the chance to get one over on Manchester United with the Red Devils credited with an interest. JUST IN: UEFA decide on blocking Qatari Man Utd takeover amid possible hurdle Defence: Cristian Romero, Alessandro Bastoni, Josko Gvardiol Defence has become an increasingly problematic area for Tottenham over the course of the season with it increasingly apparent that the likes of Eric Dier, Ben Davies and Clement Lenglet are not the quality required for the long term. There are some concerns over Romero’s temperament however the Argentine has proved his quality through his past performances and may improve alongside more accomplished defenders. Bastoni and Gvardiol could be that duo. The young centre-backs were both linked with a move to north London last summer and if Spurs were to revive their interest they could have the foundations of their side for the best part of a decade. Wing-backs: Pedro Porro, Destiny Udogie The wing-back positions have been somewhat problematic for Tottenham this season but two players already registered to the club may be given a crack next season. Porro only joined the club from Sporting Lisbon in January and while his debut against Leicester was something of a disaster he should be given time to make a first-team spot his own. It is easy to forget that Spurs signed Udogie last summer given he was loaned straight back to Udinese however the left-back could earn a first-team place after another year of developing in the Serie A. He has been something of an attacking outlet this season and could do the same if welcomed back at Tottenham. Midfield: Rodrigo Bentancur, Moises Caicedo Bentancur has been one of Spurs best players this season when fit so the news that he is set to miss the rest of the campaign after rupturing his ACL comes as a huge blow. Once he returns to fitness he should easily regain his first-team place given his obvious quality. Joining him could be a new arrival with Tottenham’s new owners potentially tempted to make a move for Caicedo if they fancy a statement signing. The midfielder has been heavily linked with fierce rivals Arsenal so it would immediately endear Najafi to supporters if he was able to get in front of them. Forwards: Dejan Kulusevski, Harry Kane, Heung-min Son Tottenham’s front three has served them well and there is not yet an urgent need to change things despite Son’s poor form. The best business the new owners could possibly do is agree a new contract with Kane with the England captain still one of the very best players in world football and almost impossible to replace.