Jeremy Clarkson reopened his Diddly Squat Farm Shop on February 10 to launch the second series of Clarkson's Farm. The former Top Gear presenter is reportedly selling a large loaf of sourdough bread for £5.95 a pop, more expensive than the nearest supermarket. This is 274.21 per cent more expensive than a comparable loaf costing £1.59 at Aldi supermarket, which is just a six minute drive away in nearby Chipping Norton. According to research conducted by Evesham Journal, a box of eggs at Jeremy's shop is £3.20 which would cost £1.19 in Aldi. However, his milk – or "cow juice" as he calls it – is £1.20 - only 1p more expensive than the same in the supermarket. Big brands have the advantage of selling to stores in bulk and there's no denying Jeremy has to factor in the work that goes into making farm produce. READ MORE: Adil Ray sparks backlash over defence of Shamima Begum Jeremy's own brand for a pot of pesto will set you back at £7.99 compared to just 95p at the local supermarket. Honey is also a lot more expensive at an eye-watering £15 compared to just 75p at the supermarket. The presenter turned farmer has recently launched his own brand of crisps - but some fans are not impressed with their eye-watering pricetag. The Who Wants to be a Millionaire? presenter is charging £38 for a box of 24. The Diddly Squat advert says: “Say it with love, say it with Diddly Crisps. 2 free bags with each box & our packets are 100% biodegradable & plastic free. “Freshly hand cut and absolutely delicious, our Lightly Salted and Cheese and Onion flavours are scrumptious. There’s no better way to show your love on Valentine’s Day, than with crisps.” Fans recently took to social media and complained about the costly goods. One person wrote: "You know exactly where you can shove your overpriced crisps." DON'T MISS... Stacey Solomon 'broody for sixth child' just days after giving birth[LATEST]Jeremy Paxman attends A&E three times in 24 hours after 'chair attack'[HEALTH]Late Jansen Panettiere got CPR from friends as dad arrived on scene[TRIBUTES] “Your job is literally to talk about cars which are ruining the planet,” someone else pointed out. “But well done on making your crisps environmentally friendly.” The price hike comes after Jeremy called on the government to increase the prices of food as he believes it's currently "far too cheap". He made his comments in a discussion about the farming industry, ahead of Clarkson's Farm returning for its new series on Amazon Prime. Speaking out about difficulties the industry faces, Jeremy said that one issue for cereal farms like his is the increased cost of fertiliser, stating: "Fertiliser is now costing £1,000 a tonne rather than £200 like last year." The TV star has since confirmed that Clarkson's Farm will return for a third season. There were calls for the show to be cancelled in the wake of the former Top Gear host's controversial comments about Meghan Markle in a column. Earlier this month, Jeremy confirmed the show's return after a social media user asked: "I loved it watched it on Saturday that just passed, loved the show can't wait for a season 3 if there is one." The former Top Gear presenter simply responded: "There is one."