A woman was branded "anorexic" and an "attention seeker" by her GP before being diagnosed with brain cancer. Vikki Hindley, 41, was turned away and told she was "fine" by her GP after complaining about symptoms. She went on to have a "devastating" fight with the disease which spread around her brain and to her glands and sinus. Ms Hindley, from Manchester, was 16 and living in Cornwall with her mum at the time of the cancer fight. She said: "I’d been suffering from headaches and nausea; I couldn’t study or eat and I was losing so much weight. ''I went to the GP but I was told I was ‘fine’. I went several times, and the GP told my mum I was anorexic and was attention-seeking. "I couldn’t believe it. I thought ‘are you joking?’ I wasn’t too bothered at the time as I was young and naïve but as I’ve got older, the way I was treated has made me angry." READ MORE: Forensic expert believes Nicola Bulley 'is not in the river' During a summer holiday in 1997, Vikki visited her nan in Manchester who took her to a local GP. The GP sent her to Wythenshawe Hospital for a sinus wash which spotted a cancerous polyp. She said: "I had an MRI scan and was bluntly told I had cancer. They said they couldn’t operate because the squamous cell carcinoma had spread to the frontal lobe of my brain. "I had chemotherapy at the Christie Hospital in Manchester as mum and I had moved back there. It was very intense and I lost my hair. Don't miss... Nicola Bulley's final phone call and four other unanswered mysteries [EXPLAINED] Key Nicola Bulley witness comes forward as police announce new twist [INSIGHT] Forensic expert believes Nicola Bulley 'is not in the river' [VIDEO] ''I was constantly sick and everything I ate came straight back up. I went down to four stone so I needed to be put on a feeding tube. "I also had radiotherapy which was awful. It burnt the side of my neck and the bottom half of my head. ''It also resulted in me losing my right eye and the hearing in my right ear. It was devastating. The older I got, the more the realisation set in just how poorly I was." Cancer struck Vikki’s glands and sinus, causing several health issues, such as fibromyalgia and osteoporosis. These days, she also has check-ups twice a year. She is now working with the charity Brain Tumour Research and is set to complete the 10,000 Steps a Day challenge this month to raise money to help find a cure for the condition. She said: "It’s so important to me because I’m still here and I’m so grateful. Research has helped me to be here. This challenge will be hard for me, but I’m determined to do it. If I can give back just a little bit, then it’s all worth it." Matthew Price, community development manager at Brain Tumour Research said: "We’re really grateful to Vikki for taking on the 10,000 Steps a Day in February challenge as it’s only with the support of people like her that we’re able to progress our research into brain tumours and improve the outcome for patients like her who are forced to fight this awful disease."