Warning: The article below contains spoilers for Happy Valley series three.On Sunday night, millions tuned in to see what was in store for Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) and Tommy Lee Royce’s (James Norton) final confrontation. With the series being a huge success since it was first released, creator Sally Wainwright worried the ending couldn’t do the show justice. First airing back in 2014, viewers of the BBC show followed the journey of criminal Tommy and his nemesis Sergeant Cawood.Throughout the three series, fans witnessed the strong-willed officer pursue the criminal who assaulted her late daughter which resulted in her falling pregnant with her grandson Ryan (Rhys Connah).The final six episodes of the show were full of drama as it was uncovered Ryan had developed a relationship with his estranged dad before Tommy escaped prison with a mission to take down Catherine.However, in the final instalment, the rivals finally came face to face as Catherine confronted the rapist and murderer. READ MORE: Strictly's Luba Mushtuk details partner wish for next series Although many viewers praised the satisfying ending, show creator Sally Wainwright had doubts it would impress loyal fans.Speaking to Newsnight, she said: "I tend not to get very nervous anymore really, I'm kinda philosophical that it is what it is and people will respond how they respond."But I think because it appeared to be doing very well I was worried it might fall at the final hurdle and people might think it was a disappointing ending in some way but I kinda knew it wasn't. I knew it was what I wanted it to be."It was satisfying. I had a real choice about whether to end on a pessimistic note or an optimistic one. "Which one of them was gonna survive but it was a no brainer to end on an optimistic note with someone like Catherine. She's such a force for good."However, the 60-year-old revealed the show finale would have been different if Sarah Lancashire didn’t intervene.Sally added she has the actress to thank for the epic finale after confessing she wasn’t happy.She continued: “I wrote the first draft and everyone seemed happy with it and she made it clear she wasn't happy with it. DON'T MISS... BBC viewers want apology for ‘speculation’ over missing Nicola Bulley [REACTION] Olivia Colman is unrecognisable as Miss Havisham in Great Expectations [VIDEO] Phillip sparks uproar as he brags he saw Happy Valley finale early [HAPPY VALLEY]  "I think last Christmas, the Christmas before, [Sarah] came to my house and gave me some really good notes and pushed it a bit further and I have Sarah to thank for that.“It was a great privilege to have the opinion of someone who knew the scripts almost better than I do.“She was literally here all day at my house talking it through. Her performance is just off the scales."Although Happy Valley fans will be left disheartened to know that there won’t be a reappearance of Catherine in the future. The creator confirmed the third series was definitely the end as she expressed the importance of being aware of when to stop.Despite Catherine’s deep-rooted hate for Tommy, viewers saw the officer save her enemy in the last episode after setting himself alight.The criminal handed over his friend Darius Knezevic (Alec Secareanu) for murder before setting himself on fire.Catherine managed to put the blaze out as he was taken to hospital and ended up in a coma.Happy Valley is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.