British Gas is to be subjected to a “comprehensive, independent and wide-ranging review” following revelations its subcontractors were breaking into homes to fit prepayment meters. The investigation, which has been announced by the government regulator Ofgem, will look into whether the firm followed all the steps called for by its licence before prepayment meters were installed or supplies disconnected. It will also explore whether British Gas and its representatives assessed, prioring to replacing their meter, whether their customers’ metal capacity or psychological state were such that the switch “would be severely traumatic” and make their condition worse. Ofgem will also be evaluating whether those tasked with fitting prepayment meters had the appropriate skills to do so and were “fit and proper” to enter customers’ homes.  Ofgem chief executive Jonathan Brearley told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: “Clearly something has gone wrong in British Gas and what we’re announcing today is a comprehensive, independent, wide-ranging review into what has happened.” A separate investigation that was launched last month will determine whether or not the appropriate rules were followed, he added. Mr Brearley continued: “To be clear, if we find those rules haven't been followed those companies will be forced to make redress. “That’s highly likely to mean they will have to put that meter right, they will have to pay compensation and, if it’s systematic, there will be fines for those companies.” The fact that British Gas subcontractors were breaking into homes to install prepayment meters — including those of both disabled and mentally ill people — was exposed earlier this year following an investigation conducted by The Times. All suppliers, including British Gas, have since committed to cease the force-fitting of the meters in all homes — not just those of vulnerable customers — until the end of next month. Today, Ofgem said that its investigation of British Gas and wider prepayment review will “support and protect energy customers when suppliers fit prepayment meters by force or via remote switch.” The regulator has also called upon all suppliers to use the duration of the current moratorium on installations to review all of their recent meter changes — and to consider whether any may need to be reversed and potentially compensation offered if rules were not adhered to. READ MORE: Windfall tax risks ‘more oil imports and less revenue', MP claims  Mr Brearley said: “As a result of the unprecedented surge in energy prices, households across the country are facing significant energy bills and this has meant many are finding themselves in debt and being forced onto prepayment meters. “I am concerned about the way customers in already distressing situations are being treated when suppliers force them onto prepayment meters. “That's why, today, we have set out further details on the two investigations, one into British Gas for potential breaches that have been alleged indicating that something went very badly wrong at British Gas and the other into prepayment meters across all suppliers to assess whether this is an isolated case. “The rules and regulations are clear that installing forced prepayment meters should only be done as a last resort and only where it is safe and practicable to do so.” DON'T MISS:UK firms face ‘cliff edge’ when Government support drops, experts warn [INSIGHT]Energy lifeline as UK's untapped resource is 'world's best solution' [ANALYSIS]Russia to launch ‘rescue ship’ to space after leak strands astronauts [REPORT] Utility suppliers are permitted to apply to the courts for warrants to enter the homes of customers who have not kept up with their bills or engaged with the supplier. Mr Brearley continued: “We expect suppliers to treat customers with compassion and professionalism and those executing a warrant should take into account what they find when they visit a home and pause the installation if they see a safety risk. Where this hasn't happened, we will hold suppliers to account. “We are taking this issue extremely seriously and customers should feel reassured that where the rules have been broken, Ofgem will act. “However, I'm telling suppliers not to wait for the outcome of our reviews and to act now to check that prepayment meters have been installed appropriately, and if rules have been broken, offer customers a reversal of installations and compensation payments where appropriate.” 