Danny Robins’ award-winning play continues to be a popular crowd-pleaser in the West End, as its fourth cast in its fourth theatre begin the latest run. Following original lead Lily Allen is fellow pop star Cheryl, making her acting debut in 2:22 A Ghost Story. And we can safely say the former Girls Aloud singer is convincing as Jenny, a mother of a newborn who believes there’s a ghost haunting her daughter’s bedroom at 2:22am every day. The play takes place over one evening with Jenny and her sceptical husband Sam (Scott Karim) having another couple, Lauren (Louise Ford) and Ben (Jake Wood), over for a dinner party. The conversation soon moves onto the alleged ghostly intruder and they all agree to stay up until 2:22am to see if anything happens. As the night progresses through various time jumps, creepy and unexplainable things begin to occur as the four debate the existence of the supernatural and bring up the ghosts of their own pasts. 2:22 A Ghost Story is gripping throughout, exploring themes of class, relationships, science and religion. It’s more chilling than it is an actual scary horror, but there’s plenty of edge-of-your-seat tension and a surprising amount of laugh-out-loud moments. The depth of Robins’ script exists alongside the play’s more popular appeal of loud-screeching jump scares and foxes howling just to keep the audience on their toes. Adding to the atmosphere at first, these soon become as tiresome as a naff ghost train. READ MORE: Elvis ghost 'appearances' to close family 'Freaked me out big time' Cheryl’s co-stars are excellent, with a stand-out performance from original cast member Jake Wood as the gruff Ben. As for what happens at 2:22am, you’ll have to wait and see before being asked to “keep the secret” – just like after seeing The Mousetrap. We won’t spoil anything, but we certainly weren’t disappointed and wouldn’t mind going again. 2:22 A Ghost Story is playing at the Lyric Theatre in London until April 23, 2023 and tickets can be booked here.