Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram, thanks to her sharing of cleaning tips and tricks over the years. Now, her fans have created Facebook pages in her honour, where they too share their favourite cleaning hacks with one another. On one such page, with over 100,000 members, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to descale a kettle. Suzie Hargreaves wrote: "Okay…I keep seeing posts about using lemon slices in the kettle to descale? "I’ve tried this now twice and it doesn’t work. Anybody else had any luck descaling their kettle with lemon and water?" The post was inundated with comments as other Mrs Hinch fans offered their advice. Rachel Oakes recommended: "A dishwasher tablet. Boil the kettle then drop one in." Leanne Guthrie said: "I use lemon juice once a week after the kettle has been used and emptied. "Leave it in while I clean the rest of the kitchen then empty and boil empty again should be sparkling." Marion Sullivan commented: "I use half a lemon - boil twice, empty and do again if needed." DON'T MISS:Interior choices to ‘avoid’ in your home this year [COMMENT]Six steps to ‘significantly’ save when doing laundry [INSIGHT]Method to ‘instantly’ kill driveway and patio weeds for good [EXPLAINER] Others advised using white vinegar. Julie Gray wrote: "White vinegar...Yes, it stinks the kitchen out for a short while but most effective way of descaling a kettle. "Done mine yesterday. Takes no time at all." Jaci Doherty said: "White vinegar - I use it all the time. Just remember to boil the kettle a few times and then boil it again with clean water to get rid of smell and taste." Alison Plastow simply wrote: White vinegar and lemon juice." Donna Ford's advice was to use a chemical solution. They said: "Just use a descaler." Helen Hart wrote: "I fill my kettle only to the minimum amount, then put in a really good glug of the Jif lemon, then boil it, then let it cool for 10 minutes, then boil again, then leave sitting for a couple of hours, or if really bad overnight. "Then give a couple of rinses, and it’s like new." Rebecca Gill said: "I descaled my kettle recently, I covered the inside bottom of the kettle with lemon juice, left it to sit for an hour, then added 500ml water and boiled it. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "I did this twice and it worked wonders. Will definitely descale my kettle the same way again." Catherine Draper said: "Citric acid is easier and cheaper - add just one teaspoon to the boiled water. So a packet lasts a long time. "Rinse and boil kettle twice after as a remnant in water will curdle your next cup of tea." Pamela Jebson added: "Fill kettle, add lemon slices, boil. Leave for half an hour. Remove lemons and water. Done."