With energy prices still sky-high, now might be a good time to upgrade your washing machine. These clothes-cleaning gadgets can be a real strain on electricity bills but Samsung reckons it has the answer. The Korean firm is boasting that its new AI Washing Machine has been given the all-important A energy rating and is now the most efficient 11KG washer on the market. In fact, when combined with the firm's latest Premium 9kg Tumble Dryer, which also gets an impressive A+++ energy efficiency rating, consumers could save £300 per year on electricity or £1,500 over five years. As well as being better for power consumption, the new washer can also fit more dirty clothes inside thanks to something called SpaceMax Technology. This basically allows Samsung to place a much bigger drum inside the standard metal casing so the overall footprint stays identical. That means bigger wash loads from a device that fits in the same gap left by your old washer. Both of these new appliances also feature an AI Energy Mode with SmartThings which is a power-saving feature that helps to cut costs. Thanks to full Wi-Fi connectivity, owners can check energy consumption and control settings via an app on their smartphones. To help make the weekly chores even easier, the washer gets an AI ecobubble option which detects the type of fabric that's been placed inside and optimises the volume of bubbles, washing time, temperature, and spin speed to match. They also come with a 20-year warranty on the digital inverter motor which Samsung says is its most comprehensive to date. "Samsung is proud to launch the most energy efficient 11kg AI Washing Machine and Premium 9kg Tumble Dryer available in the UK," the firm said in its release. "When combined and used together, you can save over £1,500 on your energy bills across five years." These devices will clearly help reduce the hassle of the weekly wash and slash some money off the yearly electricity bills but there is one catch as they are not exactly cheap. Those wanting to pop one in their utility room will need plenty of cash in the bank with the Bespoke AI Washing Machine costing £929 and Premium Tumble Dryer priced at £979. Ouch! If that's not put you off then these are appliances are on sale now. It's been a busy month for Samsung with the Korean firm also about to release a bunch of new smartphones. The upcoming Galaxy S23 devices all get a faster processor, new design and longer battery life. Those opting for the most premium Galaxy S23 Ultra will also find an improved 200-megapixel rear camera that can shoot stunning images at night thanks to its Astrophotography settings. Prices start from £849 although Samsung is running a promotion that offers double the usual storage for free. That means you can get a 256GB version of the S23 for the same price as the 128GB model.