Prince Andrew’s withdrawal from public life could be finalised at King Charles III’s Coronation this May, a Spanish journalist has claimed. Although his attendance has yet to be confirmed, along with that of the King’s son, Prince Harry, experts warned the Duke of York, and the Duke of Sussex’s appearance may draw attention away from the big day.  Writing an Op-Ed for El Pais, Spanish journalist Rafa De Miguel said two decisions could spell the end of Prince Andrew’s role in public life. The first he suggested would be not inviting the Duke, while the second involves the seating arrangement of the Coronation. He wrote: “It remains to be seen whether Charles III will allow his ill-fated brother to attend his coronation ceremony on May 6 at Westminster Abbey. “Not inviting the prince would finalise his slow process of public withdrawal, and seating him in a discrete spot would also send a clear message to the BBC cameras, and prevent the duke from casting a shadow on the moment Charles has been waiting 70 years for.” The latest comments come following reports Prince Andrew could try and challenge his multi-million-pound out-of-court settlement with Virginia Guiffre. Royal experts have claimed the bid to overturn the settlement could help to rehabilitate him into the Firm and slowly bring himself back into the royal fold. Andrew vehemently denies any wrongdoing and the settlement was not an admission of guilt. However, critics have warned Prince Andrew’s appearance at the Coronation could overshadow Charles.  Former civil servant Jill Rutter told Times Radio: “I would have thought the Royal Family didn’t want the Platinum Jubilee overshadowed by this and won’t want the Coronation overshadowed by more legal shenanigans from Prince Andrew. “I think they’ll tell him to shut up and go away.” Another member of the Firm who could also take the spotlight away from Charles’ big day is Prince Harry, who left royal watchers stunned with the release of his memoir, Spare. Also yet to have a confirmed invitation, the Duke has been tipped to accept a lucrative multi-million-pound deal with two major US networks to host coverage of his father’s Coronation. In a report, first detailed in the Sunday Express, highly placed studio sources within the US TV industry have said that should Harry take the TV role, it is tipped to be a guaranteed “ratings blockbuster” and “one of the biggest royal coups of all time”. An insider told recently told the Sunday Express: “Network bosses are hoping he doesn’t go – and are ready to pay a hefty, seven-figure sum to land one of the biggest royal coups of all time. “One very senior executive told me it would be worth $5million (£4million) for the bragging rights alone.  “Watching a new King being crowned while his son is on the couch talking viewers through it would be ratings dynamite – even if Harry steers completely clear of controversy and the rift that exists between them.” Our source added: “There is now a massive appetite in America for Britain’s Royal Family, with enormous audiences for recent coverage of the deaths and funerals of Prince Philip and the Queen, as well as her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. “Whichever network manages to land Harry will be guaranteed a ratings blockbuster, with an advance advertising blitz that will draw millions more viewers who might otherwise have tuned in elsewhere.” The King’s Coronation will draw eyes from across the globe for the event set to begin on Saturday 6 May. Britain will revel for three days as a number of events have been planned including a number of processions, a balcony appearance from the King and Queen Camilla, a Coronation concert and The Big Lunch. 