A bit like the Ronaldo/Messi debate - only with microphones and warm coats - growing up in the John Motson or Barry Davies era you had to be in one or the other’s camp. Neutrality was not an option. This is probably the wrong moment to declare that I preferred Davies but I’m on the wrong side of history. When it came to the big gigs the BBC almost always went for Motson. Over 48 years, he covered ten World Cups and 29 FA Cup finals with the result that his voice overlaid most of the most famous football images of the era. And, whichever side of the great commentary divide you occupied, you had to admit it was some voice. To hear it gymnastically elongating the great names of the time as they delivered their great moments provided like a stamp of strangulated authenticity to a football occasion. Like his father, a Methodist preacher, Motty had the power to rouse his congregation with his oratory. It wasn’t the words themselves - they were often prosaic enough - but the delivery which counted. Take his commentary on the greatest FA Cup goal ever scored - Ronnie Radford, for Hereford against Newcastle at Edgar Street in 1972. “Radford - now Tudor’s gone down for Newcastle - Radford again…oh what a goal. What a goal. Radford the scorer, Ronnie Radford. And the crowd are invading the pitch.” It is hardly Homeric poetry - Davies definitely had the better turn of phrase - but anyone who has heard it, watching that mudheap majesty, will appreciate how perfectly Motty captured the moment. The rise in pitch and the cracking of the voice as the ball hits the net speaks of a commentator immersed from head to toe in the emotion of the game. He loved football and he seemed to be in a permanent state of squawking euphoria over it. It wasn’t just watching and shouting into a microphone with Motty - his research was legendary.  His love of a stat was ahead of its time. He was a sheepskin-coated OPTA, single-handedly leading the football data revolution through his meticulous homework. But it was that boyish, slightly nerdy, enthusiasm which underpinned everything he did. There was of course the odd Colemanballs… “Gary Lineker has now scored 37 goals. That is precisely twice as many as last year.” Or: “In a sense it’s a one-man show ..except there are two men involved, Hartson and Berkovic, and a third man, the goalkeeper.” But when the killer moments came, you could guarantee Motty would nail them. A backing track to a football-watching generation has gone. A true pro, he will be sadly missed.