Manchester United and Harry Maguire reportedly accept they will have to part ways in the summer transfer window if he wants more game time. And the Red Devils face a significant loss on the £80million splashed to sign him from Leicester City in 2019. Maguire lost his stalwart status after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's 2021 sacking and has suffered a hit in form across the last two seasons. He's fallen down the pecking order under Erik ten Hag this term, with Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez firmly the Dutchman's first-choice pairing. Ten Hag has even occasionally selected Luke Shaw over Maguire due to his preference for having a left-sided player in central defence. And the latter's days as United captain are seemingly numbered as he eyes more regular minutes. According to the Mail, there is a growing acceptance between all parties that Maguire must leave Old Trafford this summer. JUST IN: Man Utd's Casemiro relief for Barcelona as Ten Hag without second star Maguire turns 30 in three weeks, and with England's Euro 2024 qualification campaign set to commence in March, he can't risk Gareth Southgate snubbing him for the tournament in Germany. The report claims United are open to offers for their skipper but will have to swallow at least a £40m hit on the hefty price they paid for his services. Given he remains an established England international with traits that would bode well in a less proactive side, the Red Devils won't sell for dirt cheap. But it's clear he has no place in the future plans of Ten Hag, who will be keen to remove his £180,000-a-week contract off the wage bill to help fund the next stage of his rebuild. DON'T MISS VAR's seven worst decisions as Arsenal robbed and Man Utd benefitVAR chief axed for Liverpool and Arsenal games ahead of meetingVAR ref for Arsenal vs Man City had a howler as bad as Mason's error Maguire started alongside Shaw in United's 2-0 win against Leeds United at Elland Road on Sunday as Raphael Varane rested ahead of the trip to Barcelona. But it was just his fifth Premier League start of the season, a damning representation of his status in Ten Hag's thinking despite his captaincy. With Lisandro Martinez suspended for Thursday's game at the Nou Camp, Maguire could start back-to-back games next to Varane. But Shaw is the more likely partner due to being left-sided, with Tyrell Malacia keeping his place at left-back. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here