As the panel discussed the importance of workplace friendships, Joy Behar one of the original The View co-hosts, revisited a 2022 interview with Time magazine in which she expressed gratitude over her ousting from the talk-show panel almost a decade ago. In reaction to Behar’s revelation, ABC co-star Whoopi Goldberg quivered her lip in a pretend display of upset. Comedian Behar recalled the moment when she got fired from the hit daytime chat show back in 2013.The host explained: "I always have friends where I work, and if I don't have friends at the job, I will not keep the job."So, when I was fired last time from this show, people say to me, 'Were you okay with that?' and my answer is, I was happy because all my friends had left already."She continued: “So, there was no reason to stay anymore. I mean it." READ MORE: Whoopi Goldberg shares awkward wardrobe mishap as she debuts new look Co-star Goldberg, who was a permanent member of The View at the time Behar first left, quickly responded to her co-star's revelation.Goldberg asked: "Really? All your friends left?" as the audience gasped in shock.The Oscar-winning actress then faked a quivering lip and pretended to cry, in an attempt to make Behar feel bad.Goldberg then joked: "It's okay, I'm cool,” as she wiped her non-existent tears off her cheeks. Actress Behar then clarified: "You had just come on, and my backstage friends had left. And I don't like to work when I don't have friends."Goldberg later made it known that the pair had "been friends for a long time" and that she was only "teasing" co-host Behar.Goldberg and Behar presented The View together long before Behar's initial exit in August 2013.It's not the first time comedian Goldberg has given viewers something to joke about in recent shows on the popular daytime chat show. DON'T MISS:Whoopi Goldberg erupts after school failed to search 6yo shooterWhoopi Goldberg forces The View to go off air after rowThe View crowd told to cheer Whoopi more than others amid controversy Last week, Goldberg admitted to accidentally sitting on her glasses in a previous show, resulting in her sporting a new look.The host explained the reason she could be seen squinting: “I need to tell you that I sat on my glasses yesterday. "I have glasses on, that are maybe four years old, so, if you see me squinting that’s why." She continued: “I just wanted y'all to know there's nothing wrong - I just sat on the glasses, not paying a bit of attention to where my big behind was going.”  The View is known for featuring an all-star panel of multi-generational women, who discuss the day's "Hot Topics" of sociopolitical and entertainment news.Alongside the conversation segments, the panel is also known to conduct interviews with prominent figures, such as celebrities and politicians, that have kept fans engaged since 1997.The View airs weekdays at 11am ET on ABC in the USA.