Brenda Edwards' son Jamal was a music entrepreneur who helped talents like Ed Sheeran with their launch to fame, but he tragically died aged just 31 from a cardiac arrest caused by drugs. Loose Women star Brenda appeared on a special tribute show to honour him with three other panellists. She then received backlash from one Twitter user, which she reposted earlier on Tuesday. She had described herself and her co-stars as "beautiful, talented, strong women" after they gathered together to reminisce over dearly departed Jamal, only for a troll to launch into a tirade of abuse. Unable to believe the user had described themselves as "kind" in their profile, Brenda blasted: "What’s actually wrong with you? "You have sent 2 very disrespectful messages to me about my Son, who you never met and you certainly don’t know me. "Your profile says you’re kind….. do you have a dictionary? Look up the meaning and stay off my profile!" READ NOW: EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours Her comment was a response to the troll belittling her looks and sneering: "Beautiful seems to describe anyone nowadays." The troll had also replied to a suggestion that she was praying for another unkind commenter, quipping: "Pray? Nah, don't bother, I don't believe in that rubbish. "Prayers didn't help a certain person now, did they?" they added. The show that had caused the exchange took place on ITV last week, where the panel of four all dressed in blue as a sign of solidarity for Brenda, who was feeling the blues herself over her bereavement. Her top pinned tweet reveals that the death of her only son still hurts her "like it was yesterday". She'd appeared on a special episode of Loose Women with co-stars Judi Love, I'm A Celebrity 2022 contestant Charlene White and Hollyoaks actress Kelle Bryan. In a promotional photo, Kelle donned neon yellow heels to accompany her cobalt blue dress as she clutched the hand of Charlene in a post where she discussed "sisterhood". Brenda also received a wave of positive reactions among the trolling, with @Anitarapidnose encouraging: "Although I don’t know you please take it from me you are a strong beautiful person. DON'T MISS... Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [REVELATIONS] Louise Minchin gave up sport 30 years ago over changing bodyshape [INTERVIEW] Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford share rare snaps with son on birthday [PICTURES]  "The fact that you are a grieving mother and just taking each day as it comes is testament to the type of person you are," she continued. "It’s easy said than done to ignore the haters [but] I wish you happiness!" "Absolutely feeling angry and gutted for Brenda Edwards. The poor lady and her family must be going through a hellish time [so] this is out of order on every level. Keep your head up," @Stephen82205337 chimed in. Meanwhile, referring to the troll's comment that "Beautiful seems to describe anyone nowadays”, @RobsteressFX added: "[The troll is] wrong there as I would describe them as ugly. You carry on spreading kindness Brenda, we all need this xxx." Brenda's son Jamal touched the lives of many during his short time on earth and was honoured by King Charles with an MBE in 2014 for his services to the music world. He started out with no funding and little more than a £200 camcorder, but soon became a multimillionaire, after being pivotal in launching the careers of greats such as Emeli Sande, Jessie J and Ed Sheeran. Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg invited Jamal to tour with them, and he was requested to become an ambassador for the Prince's Trust. He carries the titles MBE, MBA and PHD, and followed in the musical footsteps of his mum, who'd once appeared on The X Factor. Jamal's last ever Instagram post before his death, which gave no clue as to the tragedy that was to follow, was a fond and affectionate post dedicated to Ed Sheeran, who he branded his "brother".