The last time ITV viewers saw celebrities take to the stage in a bid to raise awareness of men's and women’s cancer was back in 2021. However, The Real Full Monty will be making a return to TV screens once again as stars get ready to bare all. Starting back in 2017, Diversity frontman Ashley Banjo choreographed a raunchy routine for a batch of celebrities each year.It saw a range of well-known stars share their stories on cancer and how it’s affected either them or those around them.The Real Full Monty, which is based on the 1997 film, aimed to raise awareness of life-saving cancer checks while stripping off on stage to 2,000 people at the London Palladium.Although the popular show last aired back in 2021, the series is set to make a return once again with a twist. READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error A TV insider told The Sun although the star-studded line-up is yet to be revealed, a shake-up to the series could add that extra pressure on their performance.They commented: “This show proved hugely popular with viewers because it raised a laugh while shining a spotlight on serious subjects.“In previous years producers have tried to put a twist on the overall theme and this year is likely to be no exception.“The celebrities, who’ve yet to be revealed, will face a nervous wait to find out if that twist is likely to add even more pressure.” The first series of the show only had male stars take to the stage for the stripping extravaganza.It saw the likes of McFly’s Harry Judd, dancer Wayne Sleep, Emmerdale’s Matthew Wolfenden and reality star Elliot Wright.However, it wasn’t until later in the series that celebrity women were introduced to the show with names including Linda Lusardi and Hayley Tamaddon.The cast of 2020 joined forces to deliver a sensational performance as they took The Real Full Monty on ice which saw Loose Women’s Coleen Nolan take part. DON'T MISS... BBC viewers blast 'scaremongering' food shortage report [REACTION] Ruth Langsford fumes over 'dangerous' Roald Dahl changes [VIDEO] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [SOAP] One of the stars who took part in the show was former Love Island star Demi Jones who was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in her early 20s.Ahead of her debut, the reality star touched on how she was coping with the rehearsals and the impact taking part in the show has had on her.She told Digital Spy: “Everyone keeps saying, you're really positive, and that's how I like to be.“But it's good for me to be on the show as it lets those emotions out as otherwise it just comes out. "I said the other day, I'm super strong, I can easily talk about it but it will take one little question to set me off. "It's been such an emotional rollercoaster, it's like counselling really. “It's made me feel much better and given me so much comfort and understanding in the last few months we've been rehearsing than the whole time since I've been diagnosed. For me, it's been amazing."