An elderly man has been killed in a severe dog attack in San Antonio which left two other women hospitalised. Firefighters, who described the scene as "horrific", used pickaxes to force the dogs to release their grip. The 81-year-old man had been dragged by the vicious pets down the road. San Antonio Fire Chief Charles Hood said at the scene: "As they rounded the corner they could see a man being dragged by a dog. "He was completely bloodied before they got out off the truck. "This is not something that is normal for us. "We don't normally have to defend patients from animals or ourselves. The firefighters in this instance were very heroic in fighting off these pit bulls with pickaxes and pipes to try and get to the patients. READ MORE: Double rapist who accused of twin brother convicted  "Two people were mauled with a confirmed fatality who was treated and given blood on the scene, together with a female in critical condition. Another individual was bitten on the hand and also taken to the hospital. "It has been a horrific scene and horrific experience for everyone involved including firefighters which was essentially a rescue to save themselves." A San Antonio Fire Captain was also bitten in the leg during the attack. Fire Chief Charles Hood said the ordeal left the firefighters "emotionally scarred". "Nobody expects to go out and fight dogs in a situation like they did today," Hood said. The dogs were identified as American Staffordshire Terriers, according to Animal Care Services Director Shannon Sims. The three dogs involved in the attack or which were off property at the time will be euthanized, the city said in a statement. DON'T MISS US tourists call Holyrood Palace a ‘big house for someone on benefits' [INSIGHT]Russian oligarch ally of Putin has £60million-worth of property seized [ANALYSIS]Student Madison Brooks, 19, seen arguing in car with accused rapists [VIDEO] A press release from the San Antonio Animal Care Services and the police department said: "Animal Care Services has identified three owned dogs either directly involved in the attack or who were off property at the time. All three dogs are in SAACS custody and will be euthanised tonight." The owner of the dogs has also been arrested, San Antonio police said. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews