Ralf Schumacher has backed Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes to mount a title challenge against Max Verstappen in 2023. The brother of F1 legend Michael praised the Silver Arrows for identifying the car's issues over the winter. The former Williams driver still expects Hamilton to fall just short as he tips Verstappen to secure his third successive crown. Schumacher told Sky Deutschland: "Mercedes should be on our mind. They have managed to bring their car back in the budget without testing and have identified the shortcomings. “They also have a very strong driver pairing. The seed will be Red Bull with Max Verstappen – there is no doubt about that. That’s the team to beat.” Verstappen pipped Hamilton to the Drivers’ Championship in 2021 after the pair were embroiled in a titanic battle. Hamilton was unable to bounce back last season as Mercedes lacked pace compared to the frontrunners. The German team eventually found form after installing new upgrades at the United States Grand Prix. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton tables Red Bull copycat theory after defiant statement This prompted a late resurgence with Hamilton challenging for wins in Austin and Mexico City before Russell topped the podium in Brazil. Red Bull chief Helmut Marko has also warned of Mercedes’ threat for 2023, stressing Hamilton could be the team’s nearest rival. Mercedes unveiled their new W14 at a special ceremony at Silverstone on Wednesday. The team’s new car looked similar to last year’s design except for subtle changes to the side pods and engine covers. After enjoying a shakedown run in the new machine, Hamilton admitted the team’s goal was to win the world championship two years on from their last success. Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc has also thrown his hat into the mix as he eyes redemption for his failed title hunt last season. DON'T MISSF1 fans spot peculiar aspect of Hamilton and Russell's new Mercedes  [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc delivers Hamilton and Verstappen 2023 title verdict [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff explains what Lewis Hamilton 'doesn't want' from contract [COMMENT] He revealed the team were “motivated to win” but accepted Hamilton was likely to mount a comeback. But Schumacher is not convinced that Leclerc and the Prancing Horse will be in the mix. He added: “With Ferrari, it’s always a bit of a surprise box. It can be super strong sometimes. However, you have to say that both drivers made a lot of mistakes. The team also made mistakes. There are some deficits there.”