TLC’s hit reality series, 1000lb Best Friends follows the lives of four friends as they work together to get their health back on track. Meghan Crumpler congratulated her best friend Vanessa Cross after she was able to shed a staggering 100lbs. The latest episode of 1000lb Best Friends saw Vanessa receive a major health update. After a check-in with Dr Proctor, the 44-year-old became overwhelmed with emotion after learning she had dropped 100lb and weighed 248.5lb. Her major transformation was celebrated by Meghan during an inside look at a recent episode. Reflecting on her journey, Vanessa stated: “Losing 100lb, number one I love my favourite word, 'insurmountable' and that’s how I felt. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson  “So when I saw that I lost 100lb, that’s been one of my goals for over three years now.” “So to actually reach that and be 100lb down, ya’ll I feel like the queen of the world.” As Meghan sat beside her gleaming with pride, she added: “I’m just going to say, I’m super proud of her. “She is blowing this weight loss out of the park and every time I see her, she looks like she lost 50lb.”  Fans also detailed their pride in Meghan’s weight loss in the comments and praised the reality star. @Stefanie2530 shared: “The pounds are melting right off of Vanessa! She looks fantastic and I'm nothing but impressed by her dedication and all the hard work she's pouring into this.” A shocked @izziediaz4257 added: “MY JAW DROPPED- We love you Vanessa! You look amazing.” An emotional @anahir2930 commented: “I'm trying not to cry right now oh my god I'm so proud of her! such a beautiful soul and I'm so happy that she's finally getting her life back!” DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [INSIGHT]My 600lb Life's John and Lonnie unrecognisable after weight loss [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton breaks down before weight loss surgery [INSIGHT] @lusciouslipslibra wrote: “I literally shed a tear! Congratulations Vanessa! We're all so proud of you!” A fifth viewer @selenarivera440 praised: “So happy for her!! She looks amazing!!” As @mariaphares4783 added: “Wow!! My jaw dropped! Vanessa, amazing job! You look incredible.” Since her drastic weight loss, Vanessa opened up about a new concern regarding her body image.  As she Vanessa extended her arms out and told Dr Proctor: “My only biggest, biggest issue is with all my hanging it’s making me be extremely self-conscious. She then demonstrated her point by pretending to wave at someone to show Proctor the loose skin under her arms. Despite her weight loss, Vanessa will be forced to wait a while longer as the doctor stated: “Right now's not the time to have the surgery, you're probably not quite ready yet.”  1000lb Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. 