The UK could face further delays to joining a €95.5billion (£84billion) scheme the EU blocked it from due to the Northern Ireland Protocol dispute, despite reports that a deal could soon be struck. Britain was meant to take part in Horizon Europe - the bloc’s flagship innovation programme allowing researchers to access prestigious grants and collaborate with European scientists - as part of the post-Brexit Trade and Co-operation Agreement. But despite the deal, the EU later told the UK that it could not take part until the Northern Ireland Protocol dispute gets settled, even though the scientists this impacts have nothing to do with Brexit negotiations. The delay has now dragged on for more than two years, with each month causing further harm to British science, experts have repeatedly warned. However, as Prime Minister Rishi Sunak appears to be edging closer towards finishing negotiations with the EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol, it is hoped that Britain could soon rejoin the prestigious scheme, a move the UK’s science community has long been waiting for. But the Government wants to renegotiate the fee it pays the EU for rejoining Horizon which could risk a new row with the Commission. Experts have warned this may threaten to delay or even take association off the table completely.  Peter Mason, who leads global research and innovation policy at Universities UK, told Science Business: “If an agreement on the Northern Ireland Protocol is reached, the UK’s financial contribution to the Horizon budget will need to be renegotiated before UK association can be confirmed, to reflect the fact that the UK Government has been funding UK participation in the programme over the last two years.” For instance, the UK may want to renegotiate the originally intended administration costs, which it envisaged would rise annually from 0.5 percent of its total contribution in 2021 to 3 percent by 2026. However, the UK might want to only pay an administration fee of 0.5 percent from 2023 as it has been blocked for two years But the Commission may want the UK to pay a share of Horizon administration costs, even for the years Britain was not associated, due to researchers still applying for European Research Council grants (ERC). READ MORE: Face of ‘lonely’ Stone Age boy brought back to life after 8,300 years As part of backup plans to reassure researchers left in limbo, the Government guaranteed funding for successful applicants of Horizon’s ERC grants, allowing researchers to keep applying for the programme despite Britain being currently banned. However, applicants were told they would need to move to an EU nation in order to get their hands on these funds. But British researchers’ interest in Horizon has also plummeted because it is banned from joining, meaning the UK could tell the bloc that it should pay less to reflect the fact it is getting less money back. However, according to Martin Smith, head of the policy lab at the medical research charity Wellcome Trust, all these issues are “very solvable”. He said: “There's some Horizon details to update two years on, but an agreement was found before and can be found again. It's in everyone's interests that those discussions on Horizon can happen now so that association can happen promptly once wider political issues are resolved.” DON'T MISS Thousands urged to switch off electricity tonight in new test [REPORT] Octopus Energy absorbs another supplier as 60,000 customers warned [INSIGHT] Mum's solar panel perks which includes making money from energy [REVEAL] Meanwhile, Minister of State in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology George Freeman previously told Express.co.uk the UK was ready to start spending some of the cash for Horizon on a “Plan B” alternative, if the EU continues to block Britain from joining. He said: “We have effectively been sitting on our Horizon contribution waiting for the phone to ring. And the message to Europe is, we are now going to start spending and investing that money…in other ways for international research. “It is an eight-year programme, we had money aside and two years have been wasted. They [the EU] have lost the money that we would have put in and got back…That is now up for grabs for us to spend in other areas. You will start to see us roll it out.” Echoing Mr Freeman’s signal to the EU that the UK is close to rolling out its alternative plan, Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology Michelle Donelan wrote in the Sunday Telegraph: “If we cannot associate, we are more than ready to go it alone with our own global-facing alternative, working with science powerhouses such as the US, Switzerland and Japan to deliver international science collaborations.” But if a Brexit deal is reached and the UK allowed to rejoin Horizon, the UK has made clear it would not pay for the full eight years of the programme. A spokeswoman for the UK's science ministry told Science Business: “The terms we agreed to associate with Horizon Europe in 2020 were based on the UK’s participation for the full multiannual financial framework. We are clear that given the EU’s delays the UK will only pay for the period of actual association to the programmes. We remain ready to discuss this with the EU.” A spokeswoman for the Commission added it was "not in position to offer comments on these comments, as a matter of general practice."