Workers have alleged harrowing experiences at what they described as a "cult-like" and "dystopian" workplace in "something out of the Wolf of Wall Street". Former employees at General South Wales explained how they were offered an "amazing" job, only to find out they would be doing door-to-door sales and shifts that would last up to 15 hours - sometimes without pay. They also claimed how they were forced to lie to prospective clients about money-saving energy deals. Martin Hayfield is one of the victims of the customer acquisition firm, according to Wales Online. The 26-year-old, who had previously worked as a delivery cyclist, described being offered a job at Generation South Wales as "the biggest moment of my life". He claims his interviewers portrayed "an amazing job that everyone wanted" after he responded to an ad for a permanent role based in Cardiff city centre with a salary of up to £25,000 and a "performance bonus" for extra pay. He had no idea what "lead generation" or "objection handling" entailed, but he was told he had got the position of "trainee sales and marketing assistant" ahead of 30 others. However, Generation failed to tell Martin and other newly-employed workers that they would be doing door-to-door sales and that shifts would last up to 15 hours. Former employees claim that it was not made clear that their salary would be nil if no sales were made or that they would have to pay for petrol and lodging while travelling across the UK, occasionally sharing beds with coworkers in cramped Airbnbs. Scenes that played out each morning in Generation's office above a Cardiff Poundland have been compared to "something out of the Wolf of Wall Street," with claims of loud dance music and furious pep talks that were replete with profanities. In WalesOnline's interviews with former workers who claim that their time at Generation had a negative impact on their mental health, the words "cult-like" and "dystopian" frequently surfaced. READ MORE: Thousands of Universal Credit claimants could see payments cut One unnamed 22-year-old lady put in more than a month of gruelling work without receiving any compensation, but she still felt bad afterwards. She added: "They really laid it on you. I thought it was my responsibility that I wasn't getting paid." Generation's owner Roel Mojico has denied these allegations, claiming he "always strived to treat members of the Generation team — consultant or otherwise — kindly and compassionately". He added: "Hearing that some feel that they did not receive such treatment is never nice, but typical in the demanding industry that is sales. On the other hand, I maintain that there are many I work/worked with that have been sales consultants for a long time and have thoroughly enjoyed doing so." Some former employees reported being forced to lie about the nature of their job, telling potential customers they were not selling energy and were "not from a supplier" but just wanted to "stop your prices going up £200". As part of the scam, people would be sent text messages saying they would save money by switching to Scottish Power or So Energy - only to find their bills going up. Mr Mojico countered the claims, insisting the workers were never told to lie and claiming customers would really save money on energy bills. ScottishPower has launched an investigation and "condemns the processes and practices highlighted", according to WalesOnline, while So Energy says it does not "condone the practices mentioned". Generation’s boss claims his workers were "self-employed contractors" and that job adverts saying the opposite was just an "oversight". DON'T MISS:Barclays issues warning after pensioner scammed out of life savings [REPORT] Job centre scheme sees staff compete in cash game [REPORT] Pogba ruthlessly mocked online after Man Utd beat Newcastle to win cup [REPORT] Testimonials featured on the company’s website praise the working culture. One says: "Great results to end the year for our team, really impressed with the Generation's efforts in improving our brand message - they get the job done!” While another one says: "I'm thrilled I chose Generation to kickstart my marketing funnel planning, I'll definitely be back." The third and last testimony says: "So happy I reached out to the team at Generation, I didn't know where I was going wrong in getting customers through my door, they have a great 'no size fits all approach'." READ NEXT:Emmerdale's Sarah Sugden dies as fans 'work out' Debbie returnEU boss flying to Britain tomorrow as Sunak on edge of Brexit dealCoronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosisI tested how easy it is to trace workplace pensions and state pensionCommon thermostat energy-saving tip 'will raise bills'