Manchester United are set to receive a huge takeover offer from Qatar, according to reports. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club after 18 controversial years of rule. And it appears there could be a quick end to this saga, with the Middle-Eastern suitors wanting business to be completed swiftly. The Glazers have ruled the roost at United ever since 2005, when they purchased the club for a record £750million. Yet they confirmed back in November they were open to offloading their asset, shortly after they’d been criticised by Cristiano Ronaldo in a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. Now, the Daily Mail claim United are set to receive a huge takeover offer from Qatar - with the Middle-Eastern country ‘confident’ they can blow any competitors out of the water. That includes British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe, who is the only party to publicly register an interest in the Red Devils. Express Sport now takes a look at the four most exciting details from the report as United face a potentially lavish future. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Though the Glazers have sanctioned some big signings during their time at United, transfer backing would be delivered on a whole new level under Qatari owners. The Red Devils have undeniably improved this term but know more spending is required if they’re to bring the glory days back. And a source in the report is quoted as saying: “There are significant funds available. “These people are serious. They want to make sure that United are where they should be and they are confident theirs will be the strongest bid. “They want to strengthen the squad to put them back at the top.” Superstars like Kylian Mbappe, who United have eyed over the past 12 months or so, wouldn’t be off limits. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Another accusation the Glazers have faced during their time as United owners is not caring about the fans. Indeed, it took the failed European Super League debacle for the Americans to acknowledge supporters and their feelings for the first time in years. The Qataris, however, would put fans at the heart of their project over at Old Trafford. The source continued: “They also want this to be for the good of the community. “They also want to build on the success of the World Cup. They recognise that Manchester United is the biggest football club in the world, the crown jewels, and there is a steely-minded determination to buy it and get it to where it should be.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It goes without saying that, to really know what’s best for United, you have to be a supporter of the club. It certainly helps, at least. Without that emotional attachment, what’s to ensure things will be better than before? Fortunately for United, the Emir of Qatar Sheik Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani is said to be a ‘committed’ fan of the club. And that bodes well, especially with fans keen to know if the club will be better off than they’ve been before. In 2011, it was reported the Al Thani family had an offer for the club rejected by the Glazers. The fee they were apparently willing to pay was more than £1billion. Another thing that bodes well for United, amid talk of a Qatari takeover, is they want the process to reach a quick conclusion. And that means Ten Hag could receive a significant boost before the end of the season. It would add to the improved mood around United at a time where the club remain competitive in four major tournaments. And it would also ensure the Red Devils can be prepared to have a memorable summer with transfer backing unlike anything they’ve experienced before. It all bodes well for United and whether the Qataris succeed in their mission remains to be seen.