Pippa Middleton and James are staying at the Eden Rock resort, on the beautiful island of St Bart's, the Caribbean, with their three children for the half-term break. The hotel is owned by James' family and is one of the most exclusive resorts in the Caribbean. Pippa was pictured enjoying a beach day with James and the kids and she looked stunning in a red bikini. The family were presumably at the private beach of the Eden Rock resort which is also where the couple first met. Pippa wore the Belize reversible bikini from Heidi Klein which retails for £150. The designer's website explained that the rich terracotta hues "contrasts beautifully with sunkissed skin". "This fabric incorporates a textured ripple, which echos the waves of the sea and adds depth," the designer explained. READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing in 2wks with ‘really effective’ facial oil Fans took to social media to praise Pippa's style and physique with @mz_lilianna saying: "Absolutely body goals!" For the fun day at the beach with her three kids, Pippa also wore her Ciara Brown Cat Eye Sunglasses from Jimmy Choo which are currently available to purchase online for £289. Instagram user @emmaxoxo_81 commented: "She looks great, haven’t ‘seen’ much of her in a long time. "Would be lovely if she and Kate (and families) could holiday together. That body after three kids?! Two very close together too!" Another social media user agreed saying: "She looks amazing! I’d love to know what she eats in a day?" @kaitmancini03 commented: "My goodness she looks great" and @quelskitchen said: "Two kids and she looks fantastic!" Royal fan @tiamaria_1986 commented: "How good are those Middleton genes" and @janax.art replied: "Wow their genes are from another planet." "She looks smashing!!" said @christine_brumfitt and another social media user added: "I love Pippa!! She always looks fabulous!" READ MORE: Woman walks out of date early after man asks for money for parking "Pippa is looking amazing, body goals for sure. Will visualize this picture whenever I'm struggling during Pilates class!" joked Instagram user @mademoiselle_andrea. Another one, @margaretavandervloet added: "Indeed that body, the same goes for Catherine they have good genes, the Middletons are a close family!" Pippa's husband James was pictured wearing the Eden Rock Exclusive Edition Swim Shorts from Orlebar Brown, which have a price tag of £280. The couple was last seen on the Caribbean island in 2019 when they visited the resort with Pippa's brother James Middleton and his then-girlfriend Alizee Thevenet. Pippa's husband James is a hedge fund and millionaire businessman. His parents bought the hotel in 1995 and have been living on the island since. There were rumours that Kate and William, the Prince and Princess of Wales, could be joining Pippa and James in the Caribbean, as it is one of their favourite holiday destinations. However, it is unlikely they will be travelling to St Bart's as they are scheduled to attend the BAFTAs in London on Sunday. Pippa and James have three children: Arthur, Grace and Rose. The couple welcomed their third child last summer and Kate's sister already looks "so fit", according to fans.