The Mandalorian is back. The immensely-popular show, which is exclusive to Disney Plus, begins on March 1, 2023 and will be broadcast weekly until the season 3 finale is added to the streamer on April 19, 2023. The Mandalorian stars Pedro Pascal as the titular character, a lone bounty hunter (named Din Djarin) who is tasked with protecting a Force-sensitive child Grogu – commonly referred to as "Baby Yoda" by fans of the show due to the eery similarities with the icon Jedi Master from the Star Wars films. The Mandalorian season 3 will see Mando attempt to make amends with his tribe, so he can finally return to Mandore. The bounty hunter will be reunited with Grogu after the duo parted ways at the end of last season. The Mandalorian season 3 will air weekly on Disney Plus, with seasons 1 and 2 available to stream in their entirety now. An eight-part documentary series, Disney Gallery Star Wars: The Mandalorian, delves into the production of the first series of the hit show, with exclusive interviews with the creative team and behind-the-scenes footage. The Mandalorian is exclusive to Disney Plus, so you'll need to have an active subscription to stream the latest episodes of the show. While there was a Disney Plus free trial when the streamer launched in the UK back in 2020, the 7-day trial has since been discontinued. If you want to subscribe, there are a few options available. Disney Plus costs £7.99 per month for a rolling one-month contract. However, if you opt for an annual plan (£79) then you'll effectively be paying the price of 10 months for a one-year subscription. Better still, you'll be shielded from any price rises or changes throughout the year. Disney Plus has confirmed plans to bring its advert-supported plans to the UK, but it's not currently available. However, those hoping this would mean a more affordable monthly fee might be sorely disappointed. When the ad-supported tier launched in the United States, it was priced the same as the existing ad-free subscription, with the latter rising to a higher price for those who want the best viewing experience possible. Unlike Netflix, Disney Plus does not reserve certain features – like the ability to stream in 4K Ultra HD, Dolby Vision, or watch on multiple screens – for certain price tiers. Instead, its subscription is a one-size-fits-all approach, with everyone able to watch in 4K (provided your home broadband is speedy enough to handle it), download shows or movies to a tablet or phone to watch offline (on an aeroplane, for example), and stream on four screens simultaneously from a single account. The latest season of The Mandalorian will consist of eight episodes, which will be broadcast weekly on Disney Plus from March 1, 2023 to April 19, 2023. The official synopsis of season 3 provider by the streamer says: "official synopsis reads: "The journeys of the Mandalorian through the Star Wars galaxy continue. Once a lone bounty hunter, Din Djarin has reunited with Grogu. "Meanwhile, the New Republic struggles to lead the galaxy away from its dark history. The Mandalorian will cross paths with old allies and make new enemies as he and Grogu continue their journey together." Filming for The Mandalorian season 3 started back in October 2021, with principle photography wrapping by March 2022. Unfortunately, Disney Plus hasn't revealed the episode titles yet – most likely because these will contain mild spoilers – but we've got a full list of The Mandalorian season 3 release dates below. No. The Mandalorian season 4 is already in active development at Disney Plus. In a recent interview, co-creator Jon Favreau revealed that plans for a fourth season had already been mapped out before season 3 was even finished. According to Favreau, who also directs episodes of the hit Star Wars show, this is to ensure a consistent and coherent plot line across the seasons of the show. It also ensures that The Mandalorian fits with other shows set within the Star Wars universe on Disney Plus. The Mandalorian co-creator Dave Filoni is the showrunner on an upcoming live-action series called Ahsoka, which will be set within the same timeline as The Mandalorian. Likewise, the first season of Skeleton Crew is another series with potential overlaps with the events and characters featured in The Mandalorian. There's no release date for The Mandalorian season 4, but we wouldn't expect to see anything until late 2024 at the absolute earliest. However, as mentioned above, there are plenty of other shows in the works that will satiate ravenous Star Wars fans. Want to whet your appetite? Disney Plus has launched a new trailer for the new series, offering a brief glimpse at some of the action expected in the eight-episode run. Watch The Mandalorian trailer below... Disney Plus will kickstart season 3 of The Mandalorian at the same time globally, so UK viewers won't need to worry about spoilers on social media while they wait to see the latest episode. That's brilliant news ...although because of the different time-zones it does mean that UK fans who want to watch the latest episode the second that it becomes available will need to set an alarm... This global launch is very different to the release of the first season of the show, which was available to US viewers months before a UK launch date was confirmed. However, that was because Disney Plus had yet to launch in the UK – with the streamer now available in more than 64 countries globally (and having overtaken Netflix in subscriber count) millions of Star Wars fans will be able to tune-in and watch the season premiere of The Mandalorian season 3 at the same time. The first episode of the new series will be available to stream and download starting from Wednesday March 1, 2023. New episodes will be available from 8am GMT. Those in the US will be able to start streaming The Mandalorian each week from 12am PT / 3am ET. The third season of The Mandalorian sees a number of returning cast members as well as some new faces. Gina Carano, who starred in the first two seasons of the hit space-western, has parted ways with Disney and therefore is not returning as Cara Dune. MORE LIKE THIS