Amanda Holden is back on the hunt for what the UK has to offer as auditions have begun for Britain's Got Talent 2023. Bruno Tonioli, who was previously a judge on Strictly Come Dancing, replaced David Walliams on the judging panel. It was previously reported that Amanda, 51, and her BGT co-star Alesha Dixon, 44, held back on signing their contracts for the show. The ITV favourite has denied claims there is any tension between the judges despite Bruno admittedly causing "chaos" following his show debut. Speaking in a new interview, Amanda said the former Strictly judge is a "ball of energy" as she looked forward to working alongside him. “He’s a wonderful ball of energy and in a good way he’s already broken every rule," she commented. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon's Sort Your Life Out accused of animal cruelty “So much so that Simon will probably have to throw out any rulebook this year." She added to The Sun: “It’s going to be a brilliant series. We’ve only filmed auditions in London so far but we can't wait to get to Manchester for the first time since the pandemic hit.” According to reports, BGT has been plunged into chaos after new judge Bruno pressed his “Golden Buzzer” for a second time — and admitted he has never seen the show before. The ex Strictly star had no idea the button, which sends hopefuls straight from audition to the live finals, could only be used once.  A source told the publication: “It was madness. The buzzer worked but there was no glitter in the cannon above the stage as it had already been used up. "A producer raced over to try to tell Bruno he couldn’t do that. “Then there were discussions with the top execs and Simon, who had his head in his hands." They added: "Then Bruno said he’d never actually watched before!" DON'T MISS... Rita Ora flashes underwear in see-through look as diamond ring shines[LATEST]Anne Hegerty admits struggle to film The Chase due to Bradley Walsh[TV]Birds of a Feather's Lesley Joseph on Pauline Quirke not being on TV[EXCLUSIVE] Express.co.uk has contacted Britain's Got Talent representatives for comment. Amanda's remarks come after her recent lingerie shoot with JD Williams. She is an ambassador for the brand alongside Davina McCall. The age-defying beauty reclined on a chair in a sultry bedroom-inspired shoot for Valentine's Day. The BGT judge stunned her 1.9 million Instagram followers as she posed seductively in a mauve lace set. Dozens of fans gushed over her "sizzling" beauty, with many declaring Amanda deserved the ITV show's "Golden Buzzer". The Heart FM presenter captioned the snap with a cheeky reference to co-star Simon Cowell's BGT catchphrase: "#ad New lingerie from @jdwilliamsuk It’s a yes from me! #valentinesday." A release date has not yet been announced for Britain's Got Talent 2023.