Erik ten Hag has suggested Harry Maguire is resigned to being a bit-part player at Manchester United despite declaring himself "really happy" with the club's captain. Maguire had been an ever-present whenever fit before Ten Hag took over in the summer. The skipper started the Premier League defeats to Brighton and Brentford at the start of the season under the Dutch tactician but has since dropped out of the team. He has only started two top-flight matches since, wins over West Ham and Bournemouth, both of which he helped keep clean sheets in. The England international, who turns 30 this month, will no doubt be frustrated that he has found himself watching Lisandro Martinez, Raphael Varane and even Victor Lindelof from the sidelines. Maguire has even been tipped to move on from Old Trafford in the summer transfer window. That's despite the fact that Maguire - who United paid £80million to sign from Leicester four years ago - performed very well for England at the World Cup in Qatar last year. Ten Hag is pleased with the efforts of his centre-half, but has suggested he still primarily sees Maguire as a squad player behind Varane. “I’m really happy with Harry Maguire,” Ten Hag said. “I think he’s progressing really well and in the games he is playing, he is doing really well. MUST READ: Man Utd squad's view on Mason Greenwood returning as Ten Hag rings “But we have big competition. Harry is right-footed - a big competitor with Rapha Varane, who is also a brilliant player. But that is what we need if we want to restore Manchester United. ”We need top players but also double the players in every position because we want to play in so many leagues and so many competitions. We have certain positions we have a lack of quality and that can’t be, if you want to compete for the highest trophies.” Ten Hag's comments suggest he would ideally like to keep Maguire at United for next season, but the player himself will no doubt want more guaranteed game time to stay. As he enters his thirties, the Three Lions leader may view a move away as the best next step as opposed to being third or fourth-choice at United, despite the upwards trajectory they are on under Ten Hag. DON'T MISS...Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return'Casemiro handed punishment at Man Utd he never had at Real MadridMan Utd 'sounding out sponsors' about Mason Greenwood return Maguire has two years left on his current United contract, which also includes an option for a 12-month extension on the same terms. He turned down a loan move to Inter Milan in January to stay in Manchester. But there will be a flurry of clubs keen to sign him in the summer, potentially including some Premier League teams, which could sway his thinking. Maguire said last month: “We have a lot of good centre halves at this club, there’s a lot of competition for places and I’ll keep fighting.” While Ten Hag said in late January: “He's not fifth choice. But it's up to him. I have to say he's training very well, bringing quality and that is what I expect from all the players in the squad. He has to fight for his position and things can change, sometimes also really quickly. I think he is making progress and it's up to him.”