Part of a suburban cul-de-sac has been sealed off as a woman's body has been found. Police have stormed the road in Woodhouse, Sheffield, and erected a cordon to investigate the reports. The large cordon is at the front and rear of a property, which backs onto a large woodland. A crime scene investigation (CSI) van has been spotted at the scene too, reports Yorkshire Live. A spokesperson for South Yorkshire Police said: "Police are in the Skelton Close area of Sheffield this morning (Monday, February 20) after responding to reports shortly after 8am that a body of a woman had been found in a property." "There will be a police presence in the area as initial enquiries are carried out at the scene. Further information will be made available in due course." The woodland behind the flats is adjacent to several meadows which join Shire Brook Valley Nature Reserve, a large nature reserve based around a former sewage works. Messages of condolences have been shared widely on social media. "RIP to whoever she is though with her," one post reads. "So sad," another Sheffield resident posted on Facebook.  A third said: "It is heartbreaking news." A further person posted on Facebook: "RIP and thoughts to her family. It is such sad news to read."  Traffic is congested through the area, which is in the southeast of Sheffield. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. Please check back regularly for updates on this developing story . Get email updates on the day’s biggest stories straight to your inbox by signing up for our newsletters. Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you by following Express every time you see our name. Follow Express on Google News. Follow Express on Apple News. Follow Express on Flipboard. You can follow us and sign up for Twitter alerts here @daily_express. Keep up-to-date with your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day by following us on Facebook at Daily Express. 