New Zealand actor Martin Henderson has become a staple of the big and small screen, taking on arguably his most iconic role yet as Jack Sheridan in all four seasons of Virgin River so far. Years before he met Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) on Netflix’s hit romance, he started his acting career at the age of 15 for a spooky children’s mystery series called Strangers. Henderson made his acting debut in the 1989 series filmed in Aukland in his native New Zealand. Fans have recently spotted an adorable short clip from Strangers in which the young rising star shows off his early talent. After a casting call was made to his Aukland high school, the future Virgin River star nabbed the role alongside Anna Sozzani, Hamish Gough and Amber McWilliams. The limited series followed four children, Zane, Emma, Morgan and Kelsey, who help a man hiding out after being involved in a robbery. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence They form a secret society and team up to solve a mystery involving valuable stolen masks. Henderson portrayed Zane in the series, and it didn’t take long for his career to take off after his impressive debut as a teen star. He went on to land roles in Betty's Bunch and Raider of the South Seas before joining the main cast of popular New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street from 1992-95. In 1997 he decided to make the move to the United States and joined two-year program at the Neighborhood Playhouse in New York City. Having starred in over 40 movies and TV shows - from Grey’s Anatomy to last year’s cult horror film X - the actor has reflected on his success and revealed he takes things “day to day”. “I mean, I'm certainly grateful. It's a funny business,” he told TV Fanatic in a recent interview. “You work on big-budget Hollywood films, and you're sure it's going to make a big splash. And they don't always. “And then Virgin River was a very small kind of idea, really. It's a little romance based on a Harlequin romance novel.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends’ Vannessa celebrates milestone after 200lb loss [LATEST]FBI Most Wanted teases Remy’s death in season 4 promo [VIDEO]Outlander fans ‘afraid’ as clues tease Frank Randall return [THEORY] “And we knew that there would be an audience for that, given there was a pretty big readership for the books, but I don't think anyone expected it to be quite as popular as it's become.” Henderson currently stars as ex-Marine and smalltown bar owner Jack Sheridan in the popular series based on the books by Robyn Carr. Virgin River has proven a massive surprise hit for Netflix, and was renewed for a fourth and fifth season in 2021. Carr has written an incredible 22 books set around Virgin River so far, so there’s plenty of material for the series to mine from and continue indefinitely. However, Henderson’s career doesn’t begin and end with Jack’s gripping romance with Mel. He recently starred in Australian series The Gloaming and My Life Is Murder, and is sure to have plenty more projects in the pipeline once Virgin River’s fifth season wraps production. The next outing is expected to be released by summer 2023, though it’s currently unknown if Netflix is planning a sixth. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.