Disney+ has announced A Small Light will premiere this Spring as a limited series starring Bel Powley and Liev Schreiber. It focuses on the inspiring, real-life story of Miep Gies, who played a critical role in hiding Anne Frank and her family during the Nazi occupation in Amsterdam. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know. A Small Light will premiere on Tuesday 2 May on Disney+ in the UK. A release date for America and the rest of the world has yet to be confirmed. It's not yet known how many episodes A Small Light will be but as it's a limited series, there's likely to be just one season. Those wishing to watch the series can do so on Disney+, which is available for £7.99 per month. Bel Powley leads the cast as Miep Gies, a secretary who was a young, carefree and opinionated woman, who worked for Otto Frank. Liev Schreiber, will star as Otto Frank, who asks Miep to help hide his family from the Nazis during WWII. Former Peaky Blinders and Gangs of London actor Joe Cole stars as Miep's husband devoted husband Jan. He will watch over the Frank, Van Pels and Pfeffer families hiding in the secret annex of their office. Additional cast includes Amira Casar, who plays Edith Frank, mother to Margot and Anne; Billie Boullet, who portrays Anne Frank and Ashley Brooke, who plays Anne’s older sister Margot Frank.. Andy Nyman will star as Hermann van Pels, Caroline Catz as Auguste van Pels, Rudi Goodman as Peter van Pels, and Noah Taylor as Dr. Fritz Pfeffer, who all hid in the annex with the Frank family. Eleanor Tomlinson appears as as Tess, Miep’s best friend, Sally Messham as Bep Voskuijl, Ian McElhinney as Johannes Kleiman, and Nicholas Burns as Victor Kugler, Miep’s coworkers. Completing the cast is Liza Sadovy as Mrs. Stoppelman, Laurie Kynaston as Casmir, and Sebastian Armesto as Max Stoppelman. A life once filled with parties and pints, the series details how Miep’s life changed the moment she said “yes" to hiding the Frank family. From daily food runs to scrounging for ration coupons to selling beloved heirlooms, it took countless selfless sacrifices. In the end, it was Miep who found Anne Frank’s diary and preserved it so that she and Otto could later share it with the world to ensure it served as a testament for generations to come. Filmed on location in Amsterdam and Prague, A Small Light also reveals that in addition to hiding the eight souls in the annex from the Nazis, the brave couple was simultaneously hiding many others in and around Amsterdam with the help of the Dutch Resistance. Powley’s fierce performance shakes the cobwebs off history and makes Miep’s story feel relevant and timely, forcing audiences to ask themselves what they would have done in Miep’s shoes; and in modern times, asking if they would have the courage to stand up to hatred. The series title comes from something Miep said late in her life: “I don’t like being called a hero because no one should ever think you have to be special to help others. "Even an ordinary secretary or a housewife or a teenager can turn on a small light in a dark room.” A Small Light airs on Disney+ on May 2.