Clevr Blends is a sustainably sourced coffee brand that also describes itself as a "self-care" company. The label offers "Super Lattes" that have "brain-boosting" and "mood-lifting" benefits. The company yesterday, February 27, shared that none other than Meghan Markle backed the business and gave it her full support, even sending some latte blends to her friends. In the "behind the scenes" clip, Meghan is seen drinking a cup of coffee as Clevr's founder shows her around the business' warehouse. The Duchess looked glowing in a relaxed, laidback outfit - her white shirt, blue jeans and trench coat oozed Californian chic, reminiscent of outfits she used to wear before joining the Royal Family in 2018. Meghan's trench coat was from none other than British classic brand Burberry, called the 'Maythorne' Nude Mulberry-Silk Trench Coat. Currently available to buy on fashion retailer Modesens for £1,595, the coat has been spotted before - Meghan wore it in May 2017 and October 2018. READ MORE: Inside lavish royal home where Queen Mother had her honeymoon The Duchess combined this with a white shirt from Ralph Lauren. This was the Easy Care Cotton Broadcloth White Shirt, which Meghan hadn't been seen wearing before. Although she owns various white shirts in her wardrobe, this particular version was more relaxed and less stiff than others. On her feet, Meghan wore a pair of Aquazurra 'Fenix' Black Suede Ballet Flats, which also seemed to be new. These were simple but had a cut-out design on their sides. They also had a tiny, low heel. DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] To complete her outfit, Meghan wore a few special pieces of jewellery. She donned her Cartier Gold Tank Francaise Watch, which was Princess Diana's £17,000 watch. Meghan inherited the valuable piece when she married Prince Harry in 2018. The Duchess also wore her £5,000 Cartier 'Love' bangle, which is yellow gold. Her Mini 'Bezel' Tennis Gold Bracelet by Jen Meyer Jewellery was also on show. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures Underneath her shirt, the Duchess donned her Logan Hollowell Baby Queen Water Drop Emerald Solitaire Necklace in Gold, which she has been seen wearing many times before. This is available to buy on the Logan Hollowell website for a whopping £2,904. The designer described the necklace on its website, saying: "Emerald is a stone that is used to bring forth manifestation in the form of prosperity and abundance. It is used for intuitive awareness, meditation, and spirituality. "This classic stone of love and romance, is said to bring both passion, and unconditional love, bringing balance within relationships, as well as friendship. In the event of heartbreak, emerald is used to heal and put one back on the path to love. "Emerald brings and enhances harmony, joy, memory, and faith. It also benefits intellect, communication, decision making, and promotes truthfulness and honesty, seeing past the superficial." Royal fans were quick to comment on Meghan's look, and many praised the Duchess for her stylish choices. Instagram user @austy_spumante wrote: "I'd wear this from head to toe. What's not to like about a classic trench and white button-down. I'm also a big fan of her emerald necklace." Rhiannon Frater said: "She does this sort of look so well. It looks fantastic on her." User @yoya_sarabi wrote: "100 percent love this look! Meghan never disappoints with her sophisticated and modern style." User @mydocuments_ commented: "The quintessential classic - white dress shirt, dark denim, and a great trench coat." User @ashhyland_ wrote: "Meghan, the queen of style." User @isabelq42 added: "Love her casual style. She looks great!"