Kate, Princess of Wales caused a stir on Sunday night when she stepped out re-wearing a white Alexander McQueen dress to the BAFTAs with a pair of long black gloves, and chunky gold earrings. While her choice of accessories was the talking point of the night, the Princess had also made subtle changes to her makeup opting for a much darker smokey eye than usual. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Sarah Amelia Fogg, owner of brow brand Brows By Sarah about how Kate maintains an “ageless look”. Sarah said: “I have always said that Kate Middleton’s eyebrows are her best feature. Her brows are truly some of the best I’ve seen in a long time. The defined shape that she opts for perfectly embraces her natural arch. “As her brow hair is so uniform, I would predict that Kate opts for a lamination treatment which ensures that they always maintain a flawless, groomed effect and I would definitely say that this shape suits her the best. “The best thing about brow lamination is how natural it looks. I always recommend sticking with a natural-looking brow shape as these tend to be the most flattering. “I also see a subtle ombre effect across Kate’s brows as the bulbs are much more pigmented than the tails,” she added. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte set to have different future 'path' to George Sarah also said achieving brows like Kate’s is easier than many people think. “Many people think that the laminated, fluffy brow trend can only be achieved by those with full, thick brows but there are many tricks that can help everyone achieve a generous brow, no matter how sparse your brows are,” she said. “To help achieve the fluffed-up look, you want to use a spoolie or a good brow serum that uses a spoolie for application. This will help you push up the brow hair and achieve that fuller look. “You don’t need to be too precise about it as the best feathery brows are those that look the most natural. DON'T MISS...Lidl, Aldi and Tesco recall popular foods [LIST]Prince Harry was ‘dominant’ with Meghan in 2018 expert claims [VIDEO]Chef shares ten foods that can be frozen to reduce food waste [GUIDE] “I also recommend using a strong clear brow gel to hold the hairs in place and help your fluffy brows to last longer. “If you want to add in a few more hairs and strokes, a brow pencil with a precise, triangular nib will provide you with the precision needed to create a natural look.” A more recent change to Kate’s makeup has seen her wearing a slightly brighter lipstick, in a similar shade to her to blusher. Sarah said, “pairing your blusher and bronzer with your lipstick is essential as it helps to tie your makeup together seamlessly”. READ MORE: Inside lavish royal home where Queen Mother had her honeymoon “Matching your products creates the impression that you’ve put a lot of effort into your look and helps to avoid a colour clash. “Kate opts for a pink blusher to compliment her pink lip choice which creates a fresh-faced, soft-glam look. “If Kate was to opt for an orange blush or a bronzer instead, it would create more of a contrast and this would make Kate’s pink lips stand out more. This may be the main reason for using a pink blusher,” the expert suggested. In terms of her lipstick, Kate “tends to opt for a pop of pink that isn’t too in your face”. “She tends to choose a subtle shade of pink that compliments her skin tone perfectly without drawing too much attention away from the rest of the face of makeup. Pink lipstick can also make your lips appear plumper and fuller as well as making you look fresh-faced and more awake compared to a nude or no lipstick at all. As Kate has amazing, porcelain-like skin, I think a nude could possibly have washed her out. “When choosing the right lipstick for you, it is important to ensure that it stands out against the rest of your skin as the contrast is what creates the added depth to your look. “If your lip product blends in, it can make you look tired and can even age you,” Sarah commented.