Coronation Street youngster Amy (played by Elle Mulvaney) has recently been left heartbroken after her boyfriend Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) left Weatherfield. Flatmate Aaron (James Craven) and his girlfriend Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby) have been supporting Amy but things are set to take a dark turn. The storyline is set to kick off on Friday, March 3 where viewers will see Aaron and Summer have a heated row, leading to him kissing Amy back at their flat. In the emotional scenes, the pair move into the bedroom where Amy begins to undress before admitting she feels sick and rolling away from Aaron. Ignoring her comment, Aaron continues to kiss Amy who is unaware of what happens next as he makes the decision for her that they will have sex. The next day Amy is horrified when she realises how far things went the night before and begins to feel betrayed by her friend. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments She struggles with her emotions as the realisation she wasn't able to consent to sex and was raped sinks in. Aaron tries to convince her they both wanted it to happen and he did nothing wrong, but Amy is unsure of his words. As the storyline progresses, family and friends become involved as well as the police, exploring the different reactions and understandings of non-consensual sexual activity as both teens battle with what happened that night. Discussing the reason to showcase this storyline, producer Iain MacLeod said: “Since we started discussing this storyline, I have been struck by the number of people who have put their hands up to say they’ve had a similar experience to Amy. "This story will be hugely relatable and we hope it will prompt important discussions among our audience about issues around consent. "The narrative will also be an engrossing, long-running examination of how Amy and Aaron deal with what happened that night and will give actors Elle Mulvaney and James Craven the chance to showcase their considerable skills.” Elle, who plays Amy, explained: “Initially when I was given the storyline I was quite anxious to take it on as it’s such an important issue and we wanted to get it right. "There are so many different viewpoints from the characters but for us, it was important that when we portray that night it’s clear that while Amy doesn’t say the words she definitely doesn't consent. DON'T MISS...Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out' [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [WATCH]GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [LATEST] "That meant that we had to highlight her usual behaviour in the run-up to the episode so that she didn’t act uncharacteristically, the characters were getting closer before the event but even though they were friends that doesn’t mean it’s ok for him to do what he wants, this shouldn’t be a grey area. “It’s huge to be a young actress on the show and to be given a storyline like this because it shows how much faith the team has in us, which in turn gives us the confidence to tackle the story. "It won’t end here either, it will be interesting to see the character develop in a different way because this will stay with Amy for a long time. "It’s important to note the way it will affect her mental health and well-being going forward which is something else we want to highlight with this story.” The touching storylines are hoped to open up difficult conversations between families and friends about the issues surrounding sexual activity amongst young people, including consent, awareness, respect and education. To ensure that the soap handles the storyline sensitively, they have worked alongside The Schools Consent Project. It is a charity which was established in early 2015 which sends legally trained volunteers into schools to deliver workshops on the legal definition of sexual consent and key sexual offences. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.