An apartment in the Morningside Heights region of Manhattan, a highly sought-after location, has been advertised online for a very low price. The average rent for a studio in the area, known for being the home of Ivy League Columbia University, is $3,525 a month. This flat is better value, at a meager $630 monthly, more than 80 percent cheaper than a studio there. For this small sum, renters can live in an area that has been home to notable people like the writers F. Scott Fitzgerald and Jack Kerouac, and the singer Fiona Apple. However, there's a catch. The Spare Room user has very specific requirements for his new roommate. He wrote: "I'm ONLY looking for another platonic social nudist to share my two-bedroom apartment." He went on: "I'm looking for another creative, socially conscious male nudist who is keen on saving money and community-building while focusing more time and energy on enjoying life. "Please do not respond if you do not know what social nudism is, accept that I am only looking for a male roommate who lives the lifestyle, especially if you have never lived and been socialized with others. Please do not contact me if you're undecided about the nudism/naturist lifestyle." The poster was clear that he wasn't looking for a partner, but for a platonic roommate. He said: "I'm accustomed to sharing an apartment and rooms with other social nudists. READ MORE: Kamala Harris' $5m home near Gwyneth Paltrow where homes average $2.5m "I'm seeking a responsible, respectful, neat, and laidback roommate. Your sexual orientation and preferred pronouns are your business and wouldn't be an issue for me as I'm only seeking a roommate." So what exactly is social nudism? Social nudism is the practice of enjoying everyday life without clothing. It can span from taking the occasional nudist holiday or attending infrequent nudist events to living your everyday life nude wherever possible. Those who practice nudism claim it is not generally exhibitionist or voyeuristic, or sexual in nature. DON'T MISSHome where Lisa Marie Presley spent her final years [PICTURES] Lavish homes of Ghislaine Maxwell [ANALYSIS] Signs your estate agent is not performing well [WARNING] There are some rules for those potentially interested in the living arrangement. The poster wrote: "I've got no racial, ethnic, cultural, or religious hang-ups. None will be allowed or tolerated as a potential roommate. No microaggressions. "The atmosphere/philosophy of the apartment does not allow for overnight guests. No couples. No pets. "For those who 'keep to themselves', great. However, I'm not looking for a ghost tenant who haunts the apartment and drains energy. "If you’re just looking for a place to shower and sleep, and not be an active presence in the apt, please stop reading here and choose another ad. "Potential nudist roommate MUST be fully-vaccinated and have booster shot with immunization card as proof. No exceptions." For those interested, the flat comes with a twin-sized loftbed described by the poster as a "semi-private bedroom". There is also broadband included. The NY renter suggested "a minimum three-month signed sublease contract. Let's test the waters and see how it goes. If all goes well, the initial agreement can be extended in three-month terms, and so on." He asks that those interested send their "complete info and brief personal background" in their first email.