The UK Government is pushing ahead with its plan to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles from the end of this decade. Between 2030 and 2035, new cars and vans can be sold if they have the capability to drive a significant distance with zero emissions. Petrol, diesel and hybrid HGVs over 26 tonnes could be banned from 2040, subject to a Government consultation. With these deadlines in place, the Government and automakers are pushing for drivers to make the switch to cleaner forms of transport. Petrol cars are still the most popular choice of car to lease, making up 65 percent of enquiries in the last year, according to Moneyshake. However, almost a third of all enquiries in the last year were for electric or hybrid vehicles. READ MORE: New ULEZ expansion tax will 'burden' drivers later this year The number of enquiries into these energy-efficient cars also saw a 33 percent increase compared to the previous year, showing that more drivers are looking to make the switch. Fully electric cars are the second most popular fuel type to lease, making up 17 percent of enquiries in the last year. The fuel type which saw the biggest uplift in interest year on year are petrol and electric hybrid fuelled cars which have seen a massive 127 percent increase in enquiries. The data also reveals that enquires for diesel cars have dropped, seeing a massive 62 percent decrease in enquiries year on year. DON'T MISSDrivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes [HELPFUL]Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [INSIGHT]Just one charger installed for every 53 electric cars sold last year [SHOCKING] They now make up just five percent of all enquiries made in the last year, as drivers look to reduce their fuel costs. Eben Lovatt, CEO of the car leasing comparison site Moneyshake, commented on the data, saying there are still some drawbacks with cleaner vehicles. He said: “Fully electric vehicles aren’t yet appealing to everyone; range, costs and charging points can still be a barrier for some despite significant, recent improvements. “Hybrid vehicles offer a go-between, with vehicles offering much-improved fuel efficiency over petrol or diesel equivalents but without the high purchase costs of full EVs.” READ MORE: UK 'needs to move rapidly' with rollout of electric car chargers Analysing all enquires for electric and hybrid cars across the last two years, the most popular manufacturer is Kia making up one in six of all enquiries. The South Korean brand is followed closely by rivals Hyundai with 12 percent and Toyota with 11 percent. Delving deeper into the specific cars people are looking to lease, the most enquired-about electric or hybrid car is the fully electric Tesla Model 3 with 6.4 percent. This is followed by the fully electric Volkswagen ID.3 with 4.5 percent and the petrol-electric Hybrid fuelled Kia Sportage with 3.9 percent. Recent data from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders found that hybrids comprised 14.4 percent of new car registrations, increasing volumes by 40.6 percent in January 2023. Karen Johnson, Head of Retail and Wholesale at Barclays Corporate Banking, commented on the SMMT figures. She said: “For dealers there is a steady drumbeat of anticipation in the air as January marks the sixth consecutive month of new car registrations, fuelling optimism for a continued momentum. “With positive forecasts, supply issues easing, and order books being fulfilled – it appears that indeed, it is a happy new year. In these ‘electric’ times of positivity, businesses are said to account for over two-thirds of all BEV/Hybrid vehicle purchases, and whilst the hope of going green across the board remains, dealers must ask. Will increased costs and demand for charging points deter private buyers from switching to electric?”