Yevgeny Prigozhin's infamous mercenary group, consisting of 50,000 troops, has played a significant role in Russia's invasion of Ukraine by fighting in the eastern part of the country. Withdrawing Wagner, which recruits convicted criminals, was reportedly ordered due to Putin's concerns about the group becoming too powerful and a threat to his own position as the Russian president. Wagner's hired fighters are expected to be replaced by Russian regular soldiers among the 300,000 fresh troops coming to the Ukraine battlefield.   According to the Mirror, allies of Vladimir Putin, including Wagner boss Yevgeny Prigozhin, Ramzan Kadyrov, and Sergey Surovikin, are reportedly becoming more powerful, and there are suspicions that they could be plotting against Putin. Prigozhin, in particular, has been critical of senior military figures in the regular forces, which is seen as a slight against Putin, who now sees him as a potential rival. Russia expert Bruce Jones explained that Putin and Prigozhin have been close allies for many years, but this recent development appears to be a "parting of ways." He said: "President Putin and Yevgeny Prigozhin have been very close contacts and allies for decades. "This appears to be a parting of the way after Prigozhin had been openly critical, even abusive to senior military figures in the regular forces. "It is believed that by implication his criticism of the conduct of the regular forces and their commanders is a slight against Putin, who now sees him as a potential rival." Moscow's forces have been pressing in the east of Ukraine while bolstering their defensive lines in the south. The war has been largely static during the winter months, though both sides are expected to launch offensives when the weather improves. READ MORE: Zelensky fights back tears as he makes impassioned plea to EU leaders The Russians appear short on resources for any major offensive at the moment, the UK Ministry of Defense said Tuesday. "Overall, the current operational picture suggests that Russian forces are being given orders to advance in most sectors, but that they have not massed sufficient offensive combat power on any one axis to achieve a decisive effect," it tweeted. German Defence Minister Boris Pistorius said that finding ammunition and air defences is "much more important at the moment than the discussion about fighter jets." Pistorius told reporters that getting pilots up to speed on new aircraft and "training just to fly them takes several months, never mind teaching the abilities needed to deploy the weapons systems." He said Ukraine’s partners "should focus on what is now at center stage, particularly in view of a Russian offensive that is apparently taking place." DON'T MISS:Baby dropped off in scheme that lets parents give up new-borns [REVEALED]UFO 'interfered with sensors' on jets before being shot down [LATEST]William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source [REPORT]  NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg on Monday urged Ukraine’s Western allies to step up their military support. Asked when he expects Russia’s so-called spring offensive to begin, Stoltenberg said that “the reality is that we have seen the start already." "For me, this just highlights the importance of timing. It’s urgent to provide Ukraine with more weapons," he told reporters in Brussels. Stoltenberg said that NATO sees "no sign whatsoever that President Putin is preparing for peace" and that arming Ukraine more quickly could save lives by bringing a quicker end to the conflict.