Kate, Princess of Wales' style file has had a major upgrade this week. On Tuesday, the royal power dressed to perfection in a tailored Alexander McQueen jacket, later slipping out of her coat and unveiling a silhouette-skimming bodycon dress from designer fashion label Victoria Beckham. Kate Middleton, 41, delighted royal fans in the cotton-blend midi dress, which featured elegant long sleeves, a flattering mock neckline and a regal midi length. The dress' description says: "Look to Victoria Beckham for refined elegance courtesy of this beige cotton-blend midi dress. "It features a comfortable slim-fit bodice and flared skirt with textured ribbed-knit sleeves, a striped mockneck and pointelle detailing. "Style yours with ankle boots for timeless fall flair." READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' The dress, which is now sold out, cost a whopping £665 in the January sales, after originally costing £950. The royal accessorised with bespoke knee-high boots from Gianvito Rossi and a £435 emerald handbag from Manu Atelier. The bag's description says: "This green Manu Atelier Micro Bold leather shoulder bag has been handcrafted with vegetable tanned leather, features a suede body, textured lining and an interior zipped pocket. "Top handle with removable cub chain shoulder strap."   In addition, the Princess wore her chic £74 gold "squiggle" earrings from London-based jewellers Shyla. The earrings are described as: "The Biaritz Squiggle earrings are our newest most exquisite gold solid earrings. Handmade and formed of multiple layers of gold, this style is timeless and elegant and feminine. A style that has rapidly become one of our favourite and essential parts of our collection." But royal fans may have missed her waist-cinching belt. The royal's waist looked snatched as she styled her seamless bodycon with a coordinating cream belt elevated with gold hardware. READ MORE: Beatrice stepped out in Sophie Wessex's baby pink dress - pictures  Princess Kate's leather belt is from the Italian brand Vanzetti - but fans may be surprised to learn her figure-skimming accessory is only £45.99. It's available in both cream and black and would make a timeless wardrobe staple ideal for adding definition to any look. Royal fans were left questioning whether Princess Kate alters her accessories to fit her slim frame. Taking to Instagram, one fan penned: "Do you think she tailors the belts? I just noticed that she has it buckled on the last hole.  "I was thinking she has them adjusted so that there isn’t an extra flap to get in the way." It wouldn't be unlikely that Kate had the belt altered, given that several of her garments that made this particular ensemble were tailored or bespoke. The thrifty royal is also a fan of altering her clothes to make them more modest or unique. Memorably, the Princess of Wales was a vision in a Roland Mouret gown when she descended upon the Top Gun: Maverick premiere in London's Leicester Square in May last year. But Kate made alterations to the gown, having the zip removed and sheer panels replaced with simple black panelling. 