The Queen Consort has tested positive for Covid after suffering from cold symptoms, Buckingham Palace has said. She was forced to postpone a visit to the West Midlands after contracting a "seasonal illness" which was later confirmed to be coronavirus. A statement from Buckingham Palace read: "After suffering the symptoms of a cold, Her Majesty the Queen Consort has tested positive for the Covid virus. "With regret, she has therefore cancelled all her public engagements for this week and sends her sincere apologies to those who had been due to attend them." On Valentine's Day Her Majesty had planned a trip to the West Midlands to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Elmhurst Ballet School in Birmingham. It is thought the trip will be rescheduled to a later date. Camilla had planned to meet students, staff and alumni while learning more about the prestigious history of the school and the recent developments in ballet teaching it is spearheading. A ballet fan herself, Camilla became patron of the school in 2006. Over lockdown the Queen Consort revealed she took up the Silver Swan ballet workouts, a programme to help keep over 55s active during the pandemic. READ MORE: William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source Another visit planned for this week was a trip to Telford to see the Southwater One Library, where she was to thank staff and volunteers for their work. While in the Shropshire town Camilla would have met local outreach and voluntary services to thank them for their contribution to the community. The day was also set to feature the unveiling of a plaque to commemorate the visit and a stone for Telford Veterans' Trail. DON'T MISS:U-haul truck drives into people on sidewalk in Bay Ridge area [LATEST]Nicola Bulley had car keys on her when she disappeared, says friend [SPOTLIGHT]Sky News' Jacquie Beltrao suffers 'tooth drama' amid holiday alone [REVEAL] On Thursday the King and Queen Consort were scheduled to visit Milton Keynes to attend a reception in celebration of the town gaining city status. Their Majesties would have met representatives from Starship Technologies, who produce robots as part of their emission-free autonomous delivery service, the first of its kind in the UK. The robots were first piloted in Milton Keynes in 2018 and now help to deliver groceries and other good to residents.