Vera season 12 continues this evening (February 5) on ITV1 and ITVX at 8pm for another two-hour film. The episode titled For The Grace of God sees a military man meeting a sad end after making it back from life-threatening conflict zones only to be murdered. Sadly, the serviceman - Lance Corporal Conn Burns - was a decorated soldier and a loving young family but struggled with civilian life. Conn was trying to get his life back on course and was hoping to repay some old debts. He was also hoping to rebuild relationships and try to get off the streets, however, his plans were scuppered when a secret from his past came back to haunt him. The soldier was betrayed, resulting in his death with Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) trying to crack the case. The new series will see a new pathologist joining the team to lend a hand with the investigation after Dr Malcolm Donahue (Paul Kaye) left last week. Here’s a look at the guest cast joining and where you may have seen them before. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Dr Paula Bennett - Sarah Kameela Impey Sarah Kameela Impey joins as Dr Paula Bennett, a new forensics expert to help gather evidence for the team. Impey is best known for her roles in We Are Lady Parts, The Second Chance and Halcyon Heights. Some of her other projects have included Legs, The Second Chance and Samuell Benta’s Perception. She is next appearing in Home Safe, which is in post-production according to IMDb. Mandy Wilson - Rachel Denning Rachel Denning stars as Mandy Wilson following on from roles in Artemis Fowl, Doctor Who, Am I Being Unreasonable and The Devil’s Hour. Benny - Francis Magee Francis Magee portrays Benny after roles in Layer Cake, Rogue One, Justice League and Extinction. Magee has also appeared in Netflix’s White Lines, GameFace, Desperate Measures, Kin and Then You Run. Steve Wilson - Paul Thornley Paul Thornley takes on the role of Steve Wilson after parts in Silent Witness, Moxie, Grimsby, Trauma and The Good Karma Hospital. DON'T MISS...BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up [UPDATE]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [VIDEO]BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah [VIEWER REACTION] Liv Masters - Victoria Ekanoye Victoria Ekanoye will appear in Vera as Liv Masters and is best known for Coronation Street, The Royals and The Worst Witch. Kate Burns - Joanna Horton Joanna Horton is going to be playing Kate Burns and counts credits in Fish Tank, Five Days and Spooks as well as Netflix’s Treason and Endeavour. Dylan Sharpe - Denver-Isaac Kwashe Denver-Isaac Kwashe stars as Dylan Sharpe and most recently appeared in Trying, The Crown and Faces. Tony Castillo - Zak Douglas Zak Douglas appears as Tony Castillo after parts in The Larkins, Doctors, Ridley and After Life. Conn Burns - Mark Armstrong Mark Armstrong will be playing the murder victim Conn Burns with the actor best known for playing another serviceman Spanner in Our Girl as well as roles in Midsomer Murders and Mass Effect: Andromeda. Alexander Johnson - Tom Machell Tom Machell takes on the character Alexander Johnson and has appeared on The Emily Atak Show, Emmerdale, Hullraisers and Your Hand Found Mine. Finlay - Kevin Wathen Kevin Wathen is Finlay after small roles in Holby City, Doctors, Come Up, Inspector George Gently and Silent Witness. LC Hillier - Tamzin Griffin Taking on the role of LC Hillier is Tamzin Griffin with the star also featuring in The ABC Murders, Trigger Point on ITV, Young Wallander and The Flatshare. Other guest cast members include Mary Malone as Rae, Sarah Ball as Sister Michael, Heidi Sellers as Bailey Burns, Rosalyn Wright as Lindsay Greene, Harry Long as Dominic Adams, Jake Ashton-Nelson as PC Billy and Charlotte Ryder as Bride-to-be. Vera airs on ITV1 and ITVX on Sundays at 8pm