China is reportedly considering supplying Russia with drones and ammunition to support Russian President Vladimir Putin’s war efforts against Ukraine. No shipments have been made but the US has warned such a move would severely impair Washington and Beijing's relationship. Now, a new Express.co.uk poll has found overwhelming support for the West to sanction China if it chooses to supply weapons.  A senior Republican legislator, Michael McCaul, has said China was considering sending 100 drones and other lethal weapons to Russia. He said that the US was increasingly concerned about Beijing supporting Moscow ahead of Putin's meeting with Xi Jinping next week. Mr McCaul told US news network ABC: “We have intelligence that’s been reported that they are contemplating sending 100 drones into Russia. We also know they’re buying all their energy from them, economically supporting them," adding that Beijing was looking at sending in “other lethal weapons” too. He continued: “The fact that they’re going to meet next week, Chairman Xi and Putin, to discuss this unholy alliance that they have, to put weapons into Ukraine, to me is very disturbing because while maybe Ukraine today, it’s going to be Taiwan tomorrow.” The US Secretary of State, Antony Blinken, warned last week that if Beijing chose to supply weapons and munitions to Russia and escalate the conflict, there would be “serious consequences”. READ MORE: China on brink 'real mistake' with Russia weapon deal threat In a poll that ran from 12.30pm on Monday, February 20, to 2pm on Monday, February 27, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should the West sanction China if it supplies weapons to Putin?” A total of 1,796 readers responded, with the overwhelming majority, 92 percent (1,647 people), answering “yes” China should face sanctions from the West if it supplies Putin with weapons. In contrast, seven percent (130 people) said “no” they should not, and a further one percent (19 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers took part in a lively discussion. The overall argument from readers was in support of the West sanctioning China if it backed Russia’s invasion of Ukraine by supplying weapons. Username Stevie012, for example, wrote: “Most definitely, any ally of Putin is humanity's enemy.” And username fens said: “Yes, China needs bringing down a peg or two.” Meanwhile, some readers expressed concern at the impact of sanctions, like username imppy55, who said: “Yes although there will be a lot off stuff unavailable if we do.” And username Ajay202 wrote: “Yes. But we should all be prepared for the personal sacrifices we will all need to make if we do.” DON'T MISS: China could 'take out the entire US' with huge spy balloon attack [ANALYSIS]Vladimir Putin unleashes direct nuclear warning to NATO [LATEST]China fires space lasers, US deploys troops, says JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT] Other readers commented that China should already be facing sanctions, with username nm2 writing: “Yes, even if it doesn't they still deserve sanctions.” NorthernGeezer said: “Should be sanctioned anyway, they've had a free pass for too long!” However, a minority of readers expressed caution towards sanctioning China. Username Thor'sHammer said: “It is an impossibility without crashing the entire world economy because China is such a big and important part of it.” And username Stillhere said: “China still depends on the Western Market. Stop buying from them and it will hurt them far more than sanctions will.”  On Sunday, February 26, the White House's national security adviser Jake Sullivan told ABC’s This Week co-anchor Martha Raddatz: “We are watching closely. We know they haven't taken it [sending weapons] off the table. “And we are sending a clear message, as are our European allies, that this would be a real mistake because those weapons would be used to bombard cities and kill civilians, and China should want no part of that.” He added that it was difficult to say whether China is “backing on [or] backing off” on the decision, but added: “What I can say is so far, we have not seen them do it.” US President Joe Biden travelled to Kyiv last week on his first visit to Ukraine since Russia's invasion began a year ago. He told ABC's David Muir that the US was ready to respond if China sent weapons to Russia.