Call the Midwife's nurses and nuns at Nonnatus House have been put under threat of closure by the Board of Health. Meanwhile, Fred Buckle (played by Cliff Parisi) recently had one of his paper boys collapse on him, before shortly being diagnosed with Leuikiemia. And his wife, Violet Buckle (Annabelle Apsion) always stands by her husband no matter what happens. Annabelle recently opened up on what it was like working on the latest series and admitted she always receives a "lovely" surprise on set. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Annabelle explained: "I think I can say before I can never remember what we have done so it is a lovely surprise. "I do have something to do that involves politics and Reggie and Cliff in our little tiny flat but I am not allowed to say any of the things coming up." Judy Parfitt, who plays Sister Monica Joan, added: "I can't remember either. We did the Christmas one in May. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered "We did seven before six and then we had to go back to five which is before six but we had already done six and then I think, I haven't a clue, I wonder what happens tonight." Violet first appeared in the BBC drama in series four, being introduced as one of Fred's close friends. Their relationship quickly advanced, with Fred soon proposing to her in the shop, however, she later called off their engagement believing he was using her for money due to lies his daughter told her. Despite their differences, Fred and Violet still loved one another, and eventually, they got married and started their family together. In series six Fred's cousin died suddenly and left behind her son, Reggie Jackson (Daniel Laurie), who the couple looked after for a while. However, due to Reggie having down syndrome, he was sent somewhere to be cared for properly. At the end of the season, he returned to live with Violet after she admitted to missing him, with the youngster starting to call her mum. In the latest season, Fred and Violet became concerned about Reggie's health after he became tired and "not himself" for a while. DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show [LATEST]BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [INSIGHT]John Cleese's plans for Fawlty Towers reboot slammed by BBC hosts [WATCH] After speaking with Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) and explaining that he was tired, his hands hurt, his hair was falling out and he was getting headaches, Dr Turner decided to run some tests for him. Sitting down with Violet and Fred, Dr Turner explained: "Reggie has an underactive thyroid, hypothyroidism. The blood test confirmed it. "It has been noticed in people with Reggie's condition, if it goes wrong you can feel quite poorly, tingly hands, hair loss but you will feel really tired. "All you have to do is take one pill a day, for a long time, in fact forever, but you are going to notice such a difference." Reggie replied: "I just want to be the same as I was, I want to be Reggie." Viewers of the show were left "in tears" at Reggie's latest diagnosis and took to their Twitter to express their love for him. Sharon asked: "Please protect Reggie at all costs #CallTheMidwife," as Chloe fumed: "I swear to God if they kill off Reggie I will throw hands #CallTheMidwife." Victoria commented: "Crying at @CallTheMidwife1 tonight! Reggie’s thyroid story is so close to my heart. So happy to see the storyline included! #CallTheMidwife." Melissa Roberts added: "@StephenMcGann thank goodness Reggie is ok .. we share the same illness but he had me worried for a minute #CallTheMidwife." Call the Midwife airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.