Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have faced a set of bruising poll figures in the US as their popularity continues to plunge to record lows. However, according to a royal expert, Neil Sean, the couple simply does not believe the polls are accurate. Mr Sean, speaking on his YouTube Channel "Neil Sean’s Daily Headline news," said that the Sussexes' Montecito advisers claim the polls "mean nothing". This follows polls in the US this week that revealed the Sussexes continue to suffer an all-time low in popularity. Since December last year, Harry has sunk 48 points and Meghan 40 points. The research, conducted by Redfield & Wilton on 19 February, showed that Harry was disliked by 42 percent of Americans, compared to 32 percent who said they liked him. Meghan is even less popular than her husband, with just 27 percent of Americans saying they liked her, compared to 44 percent who said they didn’t – giving her a net approval rating of -17. JUST IN: King Charles set to be the last sovereign for many, expert says  In light of this embarrassing polling, Mr Sean told viewers: "It appears they are now rating lower than ever before. "Some are blaming this on the fact that Harry's book was far too revealing, and that Meghan Markle is nowhere to be seen. "It is interesting to note that allegedly that Harry and Meghan are claiming that these polls mean nothing. "According to Harry, having a best-selling book refutes polls that he and Meghan are so unpopular."  Mr Sean alleged that Harry was "missing the point" as he claimed many of those buying the book are not doing so to support the Duke of Sussex but instead "for royal gossip and trivia". The royal expert continued: "If I was them, I would take these polls seriously because it gives an accurate sense of how people are feeling about you. "But according to the team out in Montecito, these polls mean nothing and they insist Harry and Meghan remain incredibly popular over in the US." DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle to 'use the excuse' of Archie to snub Coronation [INSIGHT]Britons give verdict on Harry and Meghan returning to UK [LIVE BLOG]New maps show wall of snow covering length of UK [FORECAST]  Viewers of the video echoed Mr Sean's claims, with one user Happy Girl commenting: "I’m New York City born and raised and I have yet to meet anyone who has anything positive to say about either Harry or Meghan. "There was never a time that they were popular in the US." Another user Mark Boots added: "I live in America and I can tell you Neil, they are a laughing stock where I live and as an Englishman, they are a total embarrassment." Meanwhile, another recent poll for the MailOnline found support among the British public for Charles inviting the Sussexes to his Coronation ceremony on May 6, with 47 percent in favour and 36 percent opposed. The Redfield & Wilton Strategies survey suggested people would like to see Harry at the event, although the margin was only 38 percent to 36 percent. Far fewer were keen on Meghan's appearance, with 43 percent saying she should stay home against 33 percent backing her attendance. 