To balance increasing cost pressures and “protect” local services, councils have been granted a new authority to raise council tax this year without holding a referendum. It’s thought that around three-quarters of authorities are planning to raise the tax for their constituents to the maximum amount in April. However, some may be eligible for a partial or full discount, making now a good time for Britons to check their entitlements. Sam Corcoran, Labour vice-chairman of County Councils Network (CCN), said it was “the most difficult circumstances in decades” for budget setting and the alternative to tax rises would be service cuts." He added: “We all recognise the cost of living crisis is impacting every household in the country and disproportionally on those with low incomes, but we have little choice but to propose council tax rises again next year, with many councils reluctantly opting for maximum rises. “With the financial situation for local authorities looking extremely tough for the next few years, we will be calling on the Chancellor for further help in the March Budget.”  Only one council has so far chosen not to raise tax, while Slough and Thurrock have Government dispensation to raise theirs by 10 percent and Croydon by 15 percent. READ MORE: NS&I boosts interest rates on two savings accounts and Premium Bonds  Out of the 114 authorities with published budgets, 84 have opted for 4.99 percent increases including social care precepts, while a total of 38 councils have yet to put forward their tax proposals for 2023/24. However, there are several discounts available depending on a person’s circumstances ranging from 25 percent to 100 percent, but people must actively apply for it. Britons may be able to claim 25 percent off their council tax bill via the single person discount if they are the only adult (over 18) who lives in the house. If everyone living in the home is a student or severely mentally impaired, they won't have to pay any council tax at all. DON'T MISS: A fifth of Brits want to enjoy romantic staycation for Valentine's Day [ANALYSIS]Woman shares 'great' method to earn an extra £1k a month in local pubs [EXPLAINED]Over 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform [INSIGHT]     If someone lives with at least one person who is physically disabled, the amount of council tax payable may be reduced, provided that there have been adaptations made to the house to suit their needs. The amount payable will be reduced to the rate of the band below. Those who live with an adult who isn’t ‘disregarded’ could be eligible to claim a ‘second adult rebate’. That person must be on a low income or getting certain benefits. The council might also give a discount if a person has another home they don't live in - for example, if it's not safe to live in or it's connected to their main home. Discounts aren’t generally provided for people who own a second home, however, some councils sometimes offer a 'second home discount' because no one lives there permanently. This discount might only be for a short time but could save up to 50 percent, so it’s suggested people contact their local council to see if they’re offering it.  READ MORE: NatWest customers can now get 6% interest rate on regular savings  People who are on a low income or certain benefits could also be eligible to claim through the Council Tax Reduction scheme. Regarding this scheme, some councils can offer as much as 100 percent discount on council tax bills, while others can marginally reduce it, but how much a person gets depends on their income; the number of children; benefits; residency status; savings; pensions; partner’s income; who lives with them. For those applying for a discount through the Council Tax Reduction scheme, the rate depends on whether a person qualifies for working age rules or pension age rules. Which rules apply usually depends on whether they’ve reached state pension age. As each local council run its own Council Tax Support schemes, how a person makes a claim might differ depending on where they live. However, the first thing a person should do when making a claim is to contact their local council. People can find out what theirs might be by typing their postcode into this Government tool. The full list of eligibility rules can be found here.  Council tax bands are determined based on the value of a person’s home, and these bands range from A to H by the Valuation Office Agency. Today’s banding is based on the value of the home on April 1, 1991. This banding determines how much council tax households should pay every month and contributes to the services provided by the council. Council tax covers schools, roads, libraries, support for vulnerable children and adults, and rubbish collections, as well as the police, fire services and other local services. 