NatWest has increased the interest rate on its Digital Regular Saver to 6.00 percent meaning it's well and truly within the top 10 regular savings accounts currently on offer. However, it comes with a catch - savers will only be able to put away £150 each month and the rate reduces to 0.65 percent for savings over £5,000. Now could be the time to ensure people are getting a good rate on savings as rates are currently the highest they've been in years but could fall if inflation is brought down. Britons looking to start a savings habit might want to consider the NatWest Regular Saver as it is currently offering one of the highest returns. Commenting on the deal, Eleanor Williams, finance expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: "This week, NatWest has increased the rate payable on its Digital Regular Saver. "Following the rise, it now pays 6.00 percent gross on monthly contributions and therefore retains its pole position within the top 10 when compared to other regular savings deals currently on offer." READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance  While this account won't neccesarily appeal to investors with larger amounts of cash, it may well appeal to those looking to use some of their disposable income to kickstart a savings habit. It could be used to create an emergency fund as it requires savers to deposit between £1 and £150 each month which can be accessed at any point. Ms Williams added: "Investors may wish to note though that on balances of over £5,000, the rate paid reduces to 0.65 percent for the portion over £5,000. "On assessment, this account receives an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” DON'T MISSOver 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform [INSIGHT]State pension age increases are changing [UPDATE]NatWest ups overpayment rates on mortgages - could save thousands [ALERT]    The NatWest Regular Saver offers:  However, it is possible to get 7 percent interest with first direct for 12 months on savings up to £3,600 a year. Britons looking to save up to £250,000 might want to take a look at the Chip Instant Access account which takes  prominent place in Moneyfacts' top tables. Commenting on the deal, Ms Williams said: “Savers who want to be able to maintain access to their savings pot and want an account which enables both withdrawals and further additions may be tempted by the Chip Instant Access powered by ClearBank product. "Chip has removed the 3.00 percent bonus return and increased the interest rate from zero percent to now pay 3.01 percent gross. "This mobile-operated account now takes a prominent position in our top tables compared to other easy access accounts currently available. Investors have the choice between holding a fee-free Chip subscription or paying a £4.99 fee per 28-days subscription. Overall, this account earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.”    The Chip Instant Access Account offers: 