A man with his own name tattooed on his face who threatened a train passenger with a machete is facing 16 months’ detention. Kieran ‘Bondy’ Bond, 19, was at the centre of a police appeal after he initially failed to show at court. He had pleaded guilty to two counts of threatening behaviour. His distinctive tattoo, located just above his right eye, has since been adjusted to read “freedom” as he heads to jail. PC Richard Cartwright, of British Transport Police, remarked that Bond had been relatively easy to track down. He said: “It’s all thanks to Bond, who had his name clearly tattooed on his forehead, that we didn’t have to search too hard to find him. Ironically, in the time he was evading police he changed his tattoo to read ‘freedom’ – and he’ll now be experiencing the very opposite of that as he reflects on his behaviour in prison.” While he was on remand, Bond posted images on Facebook depicting what he described as “HMP livin”. In one of the images, he flashes his middle finger at the camera. An earlier update read: “They got me still got the phone the hahahahhahah free me up," along with a laughing emoji. Another picture was captioned “HMP Forest Bank”, referring to the Category B men’s private prison in Greater Manchester, and included the message “only time will tell”. PC Cartwright went on to praise those who had helped bring the criminal to justice. He said: “It is down to the victims supporting our investigation that we have been able to see justice served. We have zero tolerance for weapons and those who use them on the railway network and we will do everything in our power to locate offenders and bring them to justice.” READ MORE: Busy airport taken over by 'out of control' homeless camp [REVEAL] Bond had been charged with two counts of threatening the victim with a machete on a train between Rugeley and Cannock railway stations in Staffordshire on March 29 last year. He was sentenced at Staffordshire Crown court this morning, and given 16 months’ detention for each of the counts to run concurrently. He was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £41 and given an indefinite restraining order. A spokesperson for HMP Forest Bank said previously: “The use of mobile phones in any prison is illegal, and we constantly review our activity to tackle the issue. Where individual prisoners are identified, action is taken.”