Yellowstone has lassoed up huge numbers for the Paramount Network and its new streaming service Paramount+ over the past few years. Although the Kevin Costner-led drama is one of the biggest scripted shows in the world, the latest reports suggest showrunner Taylor Sheridan could be about to end the flagship series with a bang and continue the Dutton drama elsewhere. Hollywood A-lister Matthew McConaughey is the latest big name poised to join the wildly successful Yellowstone franchise. Deadline has reported Paramount Global and Paramount Network are currently planning on ending the show in its current form, though there is no official word from Sheridan just yet. However, it has been confirmed McConaughey is in talks to join the franchise in a series which will expand the Western universe even further. It’s currently unclear if the rest of the main cast will join McConaughey, though it is expected to be set in the modern day with a number of familiar faces crossing over. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' A Paramount spokesperson said: “We have no news to report. Kevin Costner is a big part of Yellowstone and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come. “Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. “Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner.” Paramount’s decision is reportedly down to scheduling conflicts with Costner, who portrays family patriach and land owner John Dutton.   Sources claimed the film star had originally set a limit of 65 days of filming for Yellowstone, but had cut that down to 50 days for the first part of the extended season five. However, he reportedly wanted to spend just a week shooting the second lot of episodes. If he continued to limit his availability for future seasons, Paramount would be left with no choice but to seek out another lead actor. He is also planning to spend a considerable amount of time on his own Western project, Horizon, an epic film split into four parts. This has apparently been a source of frustration for Sheridan, claims Deadline, and has even caused morale issues for co-stars Kelly Reilly, Cole Hauser et al. DON'T MISS:1923 fans ‘work out’ Alexandra exit twist after worrying promo clue [THEORY]My 600lb Life’s Lupe completely transformed after huge weight loss [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii fans meltdown as Whistler and Holman stars tease team-up [VIDEO] Paramount has apparently rejected Costner’s most recent proposal and is now seeking a partnership with McConaughey. Thankfully, the network has a lot more faith on building the series on the back of a new star thanks to the success of its recent spin-offs, 1883 and 1923. Sam Elliot joined Faith Hill and Tim McGraw on the Oregon Trail for 1883, while Harrison Ford and Helen Mirren returned to the ranch on Sunday night for the first season of 1923. There are also two more offshoots set in the 1940s and the 1960s reportedly in the works for Paramount. McConaughey, star of Interstellar, Dallas Buyers Club and True Detective would be a worthy successor to Costner, though details about his proposed series are currently under wraps. It’s unknown if Yellowstone’s new iteration will remain on the Dutton Ranch, or perhaps move somewhere else in Montana or even another State altogether. The current season could bring an end to Yellowstone as viewers know it this summer, though fans can rest assured there’s still plenty more Western drama still to come. Yellowstone season 5 continues summer 2023 on the Paramount Network and Paramount+.