Former Premier League striker Peter Ndlovu is struggling to pay maintenance for two of his children because he is already shelling out for 11 more. The ex-Birmingham, Coventry and Sheffield United star has appeared in a South African court after a mother demanded more maintenance. Ndlovu, 49, told the court that he was struggling to keep up payments due to paying for 13 children. He said he is obliged to pay for each of the children. Ndlovu insisted that he has no contact with the two children in question. The 49-year-old does not share a relationship with the mother and there has been no communication between the pair. The former Zimbabwe international said: “I have 13 children, including the two with the first respondent. I am obliged to contribute and see to the maintenance of all my 13 children.” JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag's heartwarming reaction to Jadon Sancho goal The mother in question wanted £1,420 per month. However, the Johannesburg High Court has ordered Ndlovu to pay £568 per month. Ndlovu said he has not heard from the children since the mother started proceedings for her maintenance claim in 2016. He shares no relationship with the two children in question. The former footballer also insisted that he was not informed of the pregnancies or subsequent births of the two children. He continued: “As a result of these encounters, two minor children were born between the respondent and me. "I was not informed by the respondent about the pregnancies or the subsequent births of our children. The last I heard of the children was when she instituted maintenance proceedings against me in 2016. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag's furious blast at Fred vs Leeds speaks volumesLisandro Martinez scrapes boot on Bamford's head in unseen incidentMan City news LIVE - Chelsea star targeted, Man Utd comparison "There is no communication between the respondent and me. We share no relationship and there is no contact between us." Ndlovu had a nomadic football career, playing for four English clubs. In 1991, he joined Coventry City from Zimbabwean club Highlanders and scored 39 times in 176 league games for the Sky Blues. After a six-year spell with Coventry, which included time in the Premier League, he joined Birmingham. Ndlovu scored 23 goals in 105 appearances for the St. Andrew’s outfit. Towards the end of his time with Birmingham, Ndlovu had a short-lived loan spell with Huddersfield, scoring four goals in six appearances. He later played 135 times for Sheffield United before moving to South African side Mamelodi Sundowns - for whom he is now the team manager.