To make matters worse, Denise (played by Diane Parish) has caught the eye of Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara), who has made his feelings towards her very clear. Loyal Denise has ordered the EastEnders bad boy to leave her alone, but it's clear the feelings are mutual. In upcoming scenes of the BBC soap, things get worse for Jack and Denise - will the latter be pushed into Ravi's arms as her marriage crumbles? Fans of the soap have predicted an affair storyline between Denise and Ravi, with the newcomer always there to lend her a comforting shoulder when Jack has been preoccupied. In episodes yet to air, Jack decides to arrange a family lunch at Walford East - where Ravi works. The decision is his attempt to treat his family after the tough few months they've been facing. With daughter Amy Mitchell (Ellie Dadd) battling mental health problems and youngster Ricky Mitchell (Frankie Day) set to become a dad, the family haven't had an easy ride lately. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series The meal gets off to a bumpy start when Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) arrives after being invited by Ricky. However, eventually, tensions ease and the family start to enjoy each other’s company. The peace doesn't last for long though and soon Jack is incensed to learn that Davinder "Nugget" Gulati (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury) is responsible for the bullying Ricky and Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) are facing at school. This leads to a blazing row between a furious Jack and Nugget's dad, Ravi. Back at No.27, the row continues between Denise and Jack, and she ends up storming out. She heads to Walford East to apologise to Ravi on Jack's behalf, and soon sparks fly between the pair, and they become close. Denise and Jack’s relationship woes worsen when Jack fails to remember that it’s Valentine’s Day. Spotting her dad’s mishap, Amy springs into action and arranges a romantic evening for them. DON'T MISS... Strictly Come Dancing fans slammed over response to wheelchair news [LATEST]Sort Your Life Out viewers in tears over surprise guest's message [REACTION]Sarah Lancashire co-star pays tribute to 'best actress on the planet' [VIDEO] Following the events from the night before, Ravi interrupts Denise whilst she is getting ready at No.27 to express his growing desire for her. She tries hard to fight against her lust but is left heartbroken when she overhears Jack telling Sam that Amy is responsible for arranging their Valentine’s Day date, not him. In her devastated state, could she be tempted to go and find Ravi? Denise and Jack haven't been married long, having tied the knot on Christmas Day 2021. Ever since Jack found out his daughter Amy had been self-harming last year, he has angrily pushed away Denise's attempts to help. He harshly accused her of interfering and told her she wasn't Amy's mother. With Ricky now set to be a dad at just 12, things in the household became even worse. Could EastEnders favourite soon embark on a risky affair with Ravi? EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.