Showbiz legend Vicki Michelle has joined the cast of EastEnders as Jo Cotton, ex-wife of Rocky Cotton (played by Brian Conley). Rocky is currently engaged to Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) although she is having difficulty getting him to commit to a wedding date. Jo’s arrival is sure to come as a shock to the café owner as she is unaware of his earlier marriage. Speaking about joining the show, Vicki said: “I’m so excited to be in EastEnders and everyone has been so lovely. “Jo Cotton is a great character and it is such a great story. I can’t wait for the audience to meet her.” Jo and Rocky apparently got married over 25 years ago but little is known about his previous relationship. Indeed, when he first arrived on the Square he wasn’t even a Cotton but rather was masquerading as the father of Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy). READ MORE:Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation He was later revealed to be the half-brother of Nick Cotton (John Altman) and uncle to Dotty (Milly Zero). Dotty had brought him to the Square to try and extract money from Sonia that she believed was her inheritance from her grandmother Dot Cotton (June Brown). When his true identity was revealed the whole Square turned against him, disgusted he had toyed with Sonia’s feelings. However, he eventually redeemed himself and worked his way back into everyone’s affections and has been a Square stalwart ever since. In an official statement EastEnders executive producer Chris Clenshaw said: “Vicki is the perfect fit to take on the elusive character of Rocky’s wife that we know very little about. “Brash, quick-witted, and extremely glamorous, Jo is akin to her long-lost husband, Rocky. "As you would expect she is immediately thrown into the heart of the drama when she arrives in Walford.” Speaking on Loose Women on Friday, Chris added: “She’s [Vicki] a hoot and the scenes with Jo with Rocky with Kathy are just magnificent." DON'T MISS: Call the Midwife's Helen George speaks on Trixie not having children [SPOILER]Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale [SPOILER]Vernon Kay to 'take over' Ken Bruce's Radio 2 show angering fans [INSIGHT] Michelle has had an illustrious career across both the big and small screen but is best known for her role as Yvette Carte-Blanche in the much-loved, BAFTA nominated BBC comedy series Allo! Allo! This isn’t her first soap appearance as she also had a recurring role in Emmerdale playing Patricia Foster. She has also appeared in TV classic The Likely Lads, George and Mildred, and The Professionals to name just a few. In 2014, she appeared on the fourteenth series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! where she became the fourth star to be voted out. She has been married to cinematographer Graham Fowler, since 1974. The couple have one daughter, Louise, born in 1989 who is also an actress, known as Louise Michelle. In 2010 she was appointed and MBE in for her services to charity. EastEnders is on BBC One at 7.30pm Monday – Thursday. Vicki will appear in two episodes due to air in March.