A mum has taken to TikTok to share a laundry hack which has saved her countless hours folding washing and even reduces the need for ironing. Liffe, who posts cleaning videos to her TikTok page @mumatnumber23, said the hack was first discovered by her partner and has gone on to be "a permanent fixture" in their home. "This laundry hack has been an absolute game changer and we will continue to do it," she told her audience of 10.7K followers. The hack is particularly great for people who do not have a tumble dryer or those who are trying to cut down energy bills. "If like us, you need to dry more clothing in a short period of time, but you have to rely on an airer, then you need to try this." In her video, Liffie shows how she hangs up a wash of her children's clothes. While certain items are folded over the airer, as usual, she hangs others around the outside using coat hangers. "Any clothing that goes in drawers just hangs on the airer as normal and any clothing that gets hung up, stick it on coat hangers and hang it on the airer," she explained. READ MORE: Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required "This saves so much space and the hung-up stuff can be put straight in the wardrobe once it's dry." As some of the clothes are dried on coat hangers, it means they do not end up getting creased and can be transferred straight to their spot in the wardrobe once dry. "No more folding 101 items of clothing, unless they go in drawers," she added. "Plus with hanging it up, I’m finding that clothing has minimal creasing too. This hack has become a permanent fixture in our house for sure." Her video has so far amassed 13.7K "likes" and been shared by TikTok users over 1,000 times. For people who do rely on an airer, but find that their laundry is taking too long to dry, another mum has come up with a solution which will only cost 6p per hour. DON'T MISS‘Aggressive’ garden plants to ‘avoid’ - they ‘pierce through walls’ [COMMENT]Steps to ‘breathe life back’ into flat carpets this spring [INSIGHT]‘Fluff up’ hard towels in the washing machine using common £1 staple [EXPLAINER] Thrifty TikTok mum Heidi Ondrik, who shares videos on TikTok under the username @theduchessofthrift, said her trick was able to speed up drying time and even stopped her laundry from smelling musty. Before testing the hack, Heidi found it was taking her freshly washed towels around "thirty six hours" to dry on an airer. "My biggest issue is getting this stuff dry in the winter in a house where putting the heating on is going to cost me an absolute fortune, so I am going to be really really limited on the amount of time I have the heating on in a day," she said. “We’ve been talking about an hour in the morning and an hour in the evening so I don’t want wet washing hanging around. The tumble dryer is 70p an hour." However, she came across a heated drying rack on Facebook Market place which costs "6p an hour to run" and was able to dry her laundry in "about an hour". Heidi also recommends covering the entire drying rack of laundry with a fitted sheet on cold days “so that the warm air stays in” to further speed up the process. She added: “All of the bars are heated so you can hang hangers off them, you can put things through the bars or you can hang them flat.” These five simple steps could help to reduce how much money you spend when doing your laundry. You can find out more expert details on how to reduce your laundry spend here.