Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been erased from the Queen's Commonwealth Trust website in the site's new relaunch. Their removal comes after they took aim at the Commonwealth in their Netflix series, Harry and Meghan, which was released on the streaming service in December. The Duke and Duchess were, prior to their departure from the Royal Family, president and vice president of the Queen's Commonwealth Trust (QCT). Depite holding such prominent roles within the Trust over three years ago, the website now shows no mention of the couple. The newly-updated website now focuses on the late Queen's legacy instead. The QCT was launched in April 2018, on the late Queen's 92nd birthday. READ MORE: Queen Camilla sees boost to popularity despite recent spate of vicious trolling After their marriage in May 2018, Harry and Meghan were appointed the roles of president and vice president. The couple retained these prominent roles until 2021. The Trust was set up to provide support, funding and the tools for young Commonwealth leaders. The aim was to help transform their communities across the areas such as agriculture, employability and education. READ MORE: The key roles Kate, William, Harry and Meghan will play at the King's Coronation explained As part of their Netflix series, which boasted six episodes, one expert can be heard refering to the Commonwealth as 'Empire 2.0'. The comments, stated on the show in December, caused controversy amongst royal fans. Since the couple have been notably removed from the website, royal fans have taken to Twitter to express their opinions. One Twitter user wrote: "H and M wiped from the site "it comes after experts in Harry and Meghan's bombshell series branded the Commonwealth as 'Empire 2.0". They added: "When you insult the Commonwealth, you insult all of those in it, including African ones." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry made the decision to step down as senior royals in January 2020. The couple completed their final royal engagement in March 2020, prior to the pandemic, before moving to America. In recent months, there have been many calls for the couple to lose their royal titles. In a poll conducted by Redfield & Wilton for Newsweek, 45 percent of Americans, who took part in the survey, are now in favour of Meghan and Harry being stripped of their Sussex titles. 