Arsenal icon Nwankwo Kanu gave up millions of pounds to help Portsmouth after he left the Hampshire club in 2012. The former striker wrote off money he was owed after Pompey suffered huge financial problems and went into administration twice. Kanu is a cult figure at Arsenal and Portsmouth. The former Nigeria international first arrived in England when he joined the Gunners from Inter Milan in 1999. During his time in north London, the former ace bagged 44 goals and 29 assists in 196 games and won two Premier League titles and two FA Cups. After leaving Arsenal in 2004, the ex-striker spent two years with West Brom, before signing for Portsmouth, who were managed by Harry Redknapp at the time. And the first half of his spell on the south coast coincided with a successful period for the team as Portsmouth finished ninth in the Premier League during his maiden campaign, before backing that up with an eighth-place the next season. Kanu even scored the winning goal in the 2008 FA Cup final as the team beat Cardiff 1-0. But Portsmouth soon ran into money troubles after overspending and were relegated from the Premier League in 2010, before dropping all the way down to League Two by 2013. READ MORE: Odegaard makes Arsenal vow as Gunners star fires message to Man City    Kanu was believed to be owed around £3million by the time he left Portsmouth and retired from football in 2012. And a year later, the Nigerian said: “I can now reveal the story that has been around since I left Portsmouth. I did not ask the club for millions of pounds, I dropped the whole matter of wage money because I know the club was in big problems. “The reason I have not returned is because I feel it is time for me to hang my boots up as a player. I will be coaching and promoting my foundation through football. The thing that makes me the most mad is that the media have got the story completely wrong. Life goes on and forgiveness is number one for me. I just enjoy life and hope the best for my former team.” DON'T MISSGary Neville explains why he has performed sudden Arsenal title U-turnMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawlMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds draw   The Portsmouth Supporters Trust eventually took over the club in 2013, before selling them to former Disney chief Michael Eisner four years later just after the team had won the League Two title. Portsmouth won the EFL Trophy in 2019 and are currently plying their trade in League One. This season they are 10th in the table after winning nine of their 27 games and racking-up 38 points. 