Unforgotten season five hasn’t even hit screens yet but the show’s creator Chris Lang has announced he already has plans for a season six. Although it hasn’t been commissioned yet, he revealed: "Certainly, if they asked me, I’d do a season six. I've got a season six in my head. So yeah, it's down to the broadcaster, whether they asked me to do it.” “It's a unique show, in that it's got a format that is self-contained, but with a certain degree of serialised elements through the characters,” he explained. "It's incredibly difficult to sit down and create it from a blank page, so you need huge reserves of energy and enthusiasm to push you through creating six episodes. “And it’s often very emotionally draining stories that you're telling as well, which require lots of research into really dark areas,” he continued to RadioTimes.com. "So as long as I have the appetite to keep doing that, and as long as the audience keep coming back to it, there's no reason why I couldn't keep going on." READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore In the meantime, as season five kicks off, fans are excited to meet Sinead Keenan’s new detective Jessie and see what her dynamic is like with Sanjeev Bhaskar's Sunny. Last summer ITV confirmed audiences would initially get an unforeseen and devastating introduction to her family life before her first day as Sunny's partner. While viewers don’t yet fully know how she is introduced the trailer for the new series shows the character will put her own stamp on things. Speaking in voiceover in the clip as forensics lift a floor she says: “Full disclosure I don’t intend to run this team like she did.” The “she” in question is Nicola Walker's DCI Cassie Stuart who bowed out of the show in 2021 after six years. Her character was involved in car accident in the penultimate episode of the last series. In true thriller style her life hung in the balance leaving viewers on tenterhooks until she was pronounced dead in the season finale. The series ended with her funeral and Sunny laid flowers at her grave that read, “Mother, daughter, Copper." DON'T MISS...Unforgotten’s Sanjeev Bhaskar felt ‘lost’ without Nicola Walker [INSIGHT]Unforgotten's replacement lead admits 'nobody’s going to like me' [LATEST]Unforgotten season 5 will return in February 2023 [UPDATE] Walker later admitted she regretted the character’s tragic ending. Speaking to Radio Times in August last year she said: "If we’d known Covid was coming, we would have given people a less depressing storyline. "I feel guilty because, when it came out, I thought, 'Crikey, we could have given them something more cheerful. "The last thing they need is to be made to feel really sad about this brilliant cop.'” There is also another cast member not returning this season. Lewis Reeves who plays DC Jake Collier star has confirmed he won't be appearing due to scheduling conflicts. However, if a season 6 is commissioned it is possible he will be back. Reeves said: “I spoke to Chris Lang, the writer, and Andy Wilson, the director, and if it goes for season 6, I'm sure they'll welcome DC Jake Collier back – [that’s] what I’m hearing, so fingers crossed.” Unforgotten season 5 will air on ITV1 and ITVX on Monday 27th February 2023, and all four previous seasons are currently available to stream on ITVX.