Leeds will reportedly not appoint former Ajax boss Alfred Schreuder as their new head coach despite the Dutchman being at Sunday’s clash with Manchester United. Schreuder was spotted attending the Premier League game over the weekend, with talks over the 50-year-old replacing Jesse Marsch scheduled. However, Leeds have apparently decided to move on from Schreuder as they continue to search for their next manager. The ex-midfielder has returned to Holland after speaking with Leeds officials. Schreuder has been out of work since being sacked by Ajax in January. He had replaced Erik ten Hag last summer following the latter’s appointment by Man Utd. Leeds were apparently strongly considering Schreuder as their next manager. The Whites have been conducting a thorough search for Marsch’s replacement after dismissing the American earlier this month. JUST IN: Maguire shows true colours with message to Ten Hag after Man Utd win But according to The Athletic, Leeds have decided to move on from Schreuder following discussions on Sunday. They will instead move on to other candidates. There is interest in Feyenoord’s Arne Slot and Rayo Vallecano’s Andoni Iraola. But neither tactician’s club is keen to release their head coaches midway through the season, with both teams enjoying relatively successful 2022-23 campaigns. Michael Skubala has been placed in caretaker control of the first team while Leeds seek Marsch’s successor. Skubala admits it will be helpful when a new manager is in place. He said: “I think it's helpful for everybody. I think it's helpful for everybody that everybody knows which direction of travel we go in. But in the same sense I think the players are calm, the staff are calm and everybody else was calm. DON'T MISS...VAR ref for Arsenal vs Man City had a howler as bad as Mason's errorChelsea icon Terry hits back at Potter theory in ruthless responseArsenal need four players to step up to get title bid back on track "So, as long as it takes it, it takes, and I think the club needs to make the right decision and make sure that we get ourselves up this league and staying in the Premier League.” Leeds held firm against the Red Devils until the final 10 minutes. Marcus Rashford found space in the penalty area to guide home a header in the 80th minute, before Alejandro Garnacho bagged a second goal five minutes later. Skubala added: “Top, top players at the top, top level can change games. I think that's one moment of class from Rashford in the box. They're a good team, we know that, they're going out to Champions League next week. “They've got good players that can change moments. But I think as a group and tactically today we set up a really good plan and we just tweaked things at half-time and I think we should have scored first.”