Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has opened up on talks with Avram Glazer after his side's 2-0 Carabao Cup final win over Newcastle. Casemiro and a Sven Botman own goal gave the Red Devils the prize. And it means their six-year wait for silverware is now over. Manchester United had gone into the final with Newcastle on a high following their dramatic 2-1 victory over Barcelona on Thursday night. And the Red Devils cruised to a win at Wembley, with Casemiro opening the scoring with a fine header following a superb cross from Luke Shaw. Botman's own goal then compounded Newcastle's misery, with the Toon failing to create any major chances as they slipped to defeat. While it was agony for Newcastle, however, it was joy for United and Ten Hag in the capital. And, after the game, the Dutchman was asked about Glazer - with the American watching the game and visiting the dressing room in the aftermath of the result. "He was really happy for the club as owner, he really wants to be part of it," he said at his post-match press conference. "Very good he was here and showed his intentions." When quizzed on what was happening with regards to a potential takeover, he added: "I don't know i am not involved in that process. "The way he is here shows he is committed about the process, what he wants isn't for me. "I have to perform this team this dressing room and lead it, others at the club are involved in that." Ten Hag was in a positive mood and also elaborated on his dancing with Antony and Lisandro Martinez at the full time whistle. "We have a history together with the two, Licha and Antony, about our dancing," he said. "I hope we can do it more in future." United star Bruno Fernandes also spoke out, with the Portugal international winning his first trophy for the club since moving in January 2020. And the midfielder was similarly happy, saying: "It's an amazing feeling. We have been searching for this moment. Us the fans and clubs and all together, finally get our trophy and I think deservedly. "It has been an amazing period, first trophy of the season but we want more it is not enough for this club, we want more and we need more because our standards demand more. "For me it was about winning trophies and finally we did it. I am satisfied but I want more. I want much more." Newcastle boss Eddie Howe, meanwhile, lamented his side's failure to win the game. "We played really well between both boxes today, we gave everything but we just didn't get those breaks at both ends," he said. "We should have defended the free-kick better and then the second goal is a killer. "We did everything to get back in the game. We had chances but couldn't take them and that's why we lost. "No complaints with how we played, obviously the scoreline doesn't say that, and that's where football can be cruel. "Individually and collectively I thought we played well but it just didn't happen in the box and we need to work on that. "I can't take positives from losing but I can from the performance. They've been committed and give everything for the club. "I'm sorry we couldn't deliver for the fans today. "The competition we are in now is at a very high level and we need to bridge that gap. Games are decided by small margins so we need to improve and hopefully we can enjoy more days like this. 