Yellowstone is the hugely popular Western drama on Paramount+, starring the likes of Kevin Costner, Kelly Reilly, Rip Wheeler, Luke Grimes and Wes Bentley, just to name a few. Set on the Dutton family's ranch in Montana, the series is currently on hiatus with filming underway on the second batch of the fifth season. However, it has now come to light that the end of Yellowstone as fans know it could be in sight. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Yellowstone. Yellowstone returned for season five in November 2022 with a new instalment airing every Sunday night in the USA and every Monday in the UK on Paramount+. The show was last seen on New Year's Day with no word on when it will return for the latter half of the season. As Yellowstone continues to stay off air, news has come out that it may be ending. While the drama hasn't been officially cancelled, it does look like there will be a shift. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' It has been reported creator Taylor Sheridan and Paramount Network are "plotting a potential franchise extension to continue the Dutton saga". What's even more interesting is that it could instead be led by Dallas Buyers Club star Matthew McConaughey rather than Kevin Costner who plays patriarch John Dutton. It is thought issues started to arise with Yellowstone thanks to The Bodyguard star Costner unable to negotiate shooting schedules. The disputes have apparently been a "source of frustration" for Sheridan, according to Deadline. The publication reported: "The crux of the issue with the original Yellowstone series involves star Kevin Costner and disagreements over shooting schedules. "Sources tell Deadline that Costner, who had originally limited himself to 65 days of shooting on Yellowstone, only wanted to shoot for 50 days for the first part of the current season. "But for the second batch of episodes of the current, fifth season of Yellowstone, the actor, who just won best television actor in a drama series at the Golden Globes, only wanted to spend a week shooting." This is why movement has supposedly begun on a new show starring McConaughey, but whether it will be set on the iconic ranch remains unclear. DON'T MISS...The stars of Happy Valley have addressed the future of the series [EXPLAINER]Yellowstone cancelled as Kevin Costner drama 'to end with season 5'  [UPDATE]1923 fans ‘work out’ Alexandra exit twist after worrying promo clue [REACTION] So far though, Paramount Network hasn't given anything away regarding the drama and or Costner's future with the franchise. A spokesperson said: “We have no news to report. Kevin Costner is a big part of Yellowstone and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come. "Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. "Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner." The Yellowstone franchise has already expanded with 1883 last year and now 1923, starring Harrison Ford and Helen Mirren. There are also plans for two more limited series, showing the struggle of the Duttons throughout the decades in the 1940s and the 1960s. There is also the potential contemporary drama 6666, so Sheridan has a lot of work to do if he is planning on another expansion. 