Roma manager Jose Mourinho has been vocal about how he would like to manage a side with unlimited spending power, and it may well be so that acquiring ‘flops’ is not overly damaging to his squad and his reputation. The Portuguese boss has signed his fair share of players during his career, playing a vital role in the emergence of top talents and allowing them to flourish on some of the biggest stages of all. Though it should not be forgotten that the 60-year-old has welcomed some poor players to his ranks over the years and plenty of money has been wasted. Express Sport takes a look at Mourinho’s 10 worst signings to date… Khalid Boulahrouz (Chelsea) Central defender Khalid Boulahrouz was brought in for a significant £8.5 fee in 2006 but was never able to displace John Terry or Ricardo Carvalho. The Dutchman was a versatile option on the bench for Mourinho but very rarely called into action, prompting the club to part ways with their unconventional No 9 after two campaigns.  Andriy Shevchenko (Chelsea) Despite being one of the best strikers in Europe upon his arrival at Chelsea, Andriy Shevchenko struggled under Mourinho. The Ukraine international set the club back £30m at the time, though he never even managed to reach double figures at Stamford Bridge and was allowed to return to AC Milan promptly. Ricardo Quaresma (Inter Milan) Portuguese forward Ricardo Quaresma caught the eye at Porto with his pace, dribbling and sensational finishing. However, he crumbled in the Serie A. Mourinho publicly questioned his tactical discipline and allowed him to leave just a year after arriving in Italy – proving that players will need more than natural flair to make it in the biggest leagues. Fabio Coentrao (Real Madrid) Left-back Fabio Coentrao arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu as an exciting prospect that could develop into one of the league’s best defenders. However, it was not £26m well spent by Real Madrid. The Portugal international made just 58 appearances over the course of seven years at the club, with Mourinho continuously standing by Marcelo rather than giving Coentrao opportunities.  Mohamed Salah (Chelsea) Mourinho undeniably has an eye for talent, though Mohamed Salah is one that slipped through his net. The forward was signed from Basel in 2014 for a fee of £11m, though Mourinho was never convinced by the winger and didn’t hesitate to criticise some of his performances. He was soon moved on to Roma, where his got his career back on track and prompted Liverpool to reignite their interest in him - the rest is history. Baba Rahman (Chelsea) Mourinho greenlighted the purchase of Baba Rahman from FC Augsburg in 2015 but soon discovered that the move had come too soon for the left-back. He made 15 appearances during his debut campaign at the club and has been out on loan ever since, currently playing his football at Reading. Juan Cuadrado (Chelsea) Chelsea will certainly regret allowing Juan Cuadrado to join Juventus permanently in 2017 given how successful he has been in the Serie A. However, the Colombia international featured just 13 times under Mourinho despite his £23m price tag and never looked like making it at Stamford Bridge. Alexis Sanchez (Manchester United) One of the worst signings in recent Premier League history, Alexis Sanchez joined Manchester United in a swap deal – turning his back on Manchester City late in negotiations. The Chilean was sensational for Arsenal prior to the move but struggled at Old Trafford, scoring three in 21 appearances before being allowed to leave for Inter Milan. Gedson Fernandes (Tottenham) Luckily for Daniel Levy, Tottenham only signed Gedson Fernandes on loan from Benfica. The midfielder joined the club on an 18-month deal but it was cut short by his parent club after watching their talented prospect warm the bench on a weekly basis. Steven Bergwijn (Tottenham) Steven Bergwijn was signed by Mourinho to complete his strike force alongside Harry Kane and Son Heung-min, though he never was able to tie down that spot on a regular basis. The Netherlands international rarely started Premier League fixtures for Spurs and was offloaded to Ajax over the summer, with the north London outfit opting to make a profit on his services rather than giving him another chance.