The 65th annual Grammy Awards saw stars gather for an evening of celebration for the best music of the past year. Although everyone seemed to be in high spirits, singer Jennifer Lopez was caught snapping at husband Ben Affleck.  The 2023 Grammy Award ceremony saw a number of monumental moments including Harry Styles taking home Album of the Year and Beyonce breaking records for the most wins. As well as performances and hilarious jibes from host Trevor Noah, cameras caught Jennifer telling her husband off. While the two originally dated between 2002 and 2004, they rekindled their romance and officially tied the knot in July 2021. Despite this, she was seen telling Ben to make more of an effort for the multitude of cameras at the event. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie    Millions watched as Ben whispered in her ear before Jennifer snapped back and told the actor: “Stop, look motivated, look friendly.” According to a Daily Mail lipreader, Ben straightened up and responded: “I might.” However, the couple then noticed the camera and their expressions turned blank as they quickly looked off in opposite directions. During this moment, the evening’s host Trevor sat beside them as he made jokes about being on the phone.     It comes just weeks after the couple appeared to have an angry conversation at the premiere of Jennifer’s latest movie, Shotgun Wedding. Throughout the evening, viewers also noticed Ben’s unimpressed expression and took to social media to laugh at the seemingly miserable actor. @themissjenn joked: “Ben Affleck at the Grammys is me any time I have to be on a zoom call.” @SpencerAlthouse added: “However bad of a day you’re having, I promise you’re not as miserable as Ben Affleck at the Grammys right now.” A third viewer @JimUnfiltered tweeted: “Nobody hates watching the Grammys more than me.........I stand corrected. Well played Ben Affleck, well played.” DON'T MISS...Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT]Jennifer Lopez breaks silence amid claims she 'snapped' at Ben Affleck [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan calls Sam Smith 'Satan' as he blasts 'vulgar' Madonna [INSIGHT]   As @that_tara_girl wrote: “You think the Grammys are too long? imagine how Ben Affleck feels.” While this sparked rumours of a strained relationship, Jennifer took to Instagram to insist she had the "best time". She shared a video which featured different clips of the couple preparing to take the red carpet and captioned it: “Always the best time with my love, my husband.” Although she wasn’t up for any nominations Jennifer made a surprise appearance at the ceremony to present the award for Best Pop Vocal Award.   She dazzled fans in a dark blue gown covered in ruffles with a voluminous train, thigh-high slit and rhinestone fringe. Jennifer paired the look with Bulgari jewels and silver platform heels to tie all the sparkles together. After presenting the award to Harry Styles, she settled back in her seat alongside Ben. The couple also shared a table with Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson and his wife Lauren Hashian. 