The broadcaster is seen most weekdays giving her views on topical discussions on ITV's This Morning, and has recently made headlines after breaking up with Ben following suspicions he'd cheated on her with multiple women. It's now been reported that the hit E4 series Celebs Go Dating is hoping to add the journalist, 60, to the line-up of stars. With Vanessa Feltz candidly opening up on her heartache recently, will she be willing to accept help finding the new love of her life? Days after news of the breakup broke, Vanessa appeared on Wednesday’s This Morning to give an update on how she was doing. Vanessa first announced she'd separated from Ben, 50, at the weekend. She went on to inform fans that the “trust was gone” in their relationship. Hoping to take the opportunity to add a big name to the show, Celebs Go Dating apparently now have their sights set on Vanessa READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series An insider commented: "Vanessa is top of the wish list when it comes to casting. "Talks with potential cast mates are going to begin next month and producers are willing to throw big money Vanessa's way in a bid to get her to sign on the dotted line." Adding that the nation "absolutely love her," the source went on to say the public would love to see Vanessa find her "happy ending". Speaking to The Sun, they concluded: "It remains to be seen whether Vanessa will take them up on their offer but they are going to pull out all the stops, so watch this space." However, it may still be too soon for Vanessa to start thinking about the next man in her life. In her This Morning interview on Wednesday, it was clear the broadcaster was still trying to come to terms with the breakup. She tearfully told Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield: "People have always wanted to know about me, it’s been for over 30 years, and I've never really known why I’m of any interest really. "I suppose my relationship was always fascinating to people; they couldn’t work out, you know, he was younger and I was older and we were different.  So, now it’s over, I don’t know." Celebs Go Dating is available to watch on All4.