In upcoming scenes in Coronation Street, Amy Barlow (played by Elle Mulvaney) will find herself as the victim of rape as her friend Aaron Sandford (James Craven) fails to read the non-verbal signals following her drunken state. Exclusively speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, actor James touched on what lies ahead for Aaron following the harrowing story. With Amy left heartbroken over the recent exit of her boyfriend Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan), she’s been supported by friends Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby) and Aaron. Although in scenes set to air this week, the two girls have a fallout after Summer makes a jibe about Jacob leaving. It’s not plain sailing between Aaron and Summer either as she is left furious to discover he had been having late-night phone conversations with his ex. However, despite the friction between them all, Aaron decides he wants to celebrate at the Bistro after he’s been promoted to a mechanic after his probation. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error   While at the flat getting ready, there’s sexual chemistry between Amy and Aaron as they share an unexpected kiss, although when they’re all out, she’s overcome with guilt and decides to go back home. Aaron shortly follows as he and Summer bicker all evening making their friends feel uncomfortable. As Amy and Aaron play drinking games and consume a lot of alcohol, both angry and upset at the people they’re romantically involved with, things quickly take a turn. Going off to find more drink Amy calls out she feels sick and falls onto the bed. Climbing in next to her, Aaron makes the decision for them to take things further while she remains completely oblivious.   Speaking to Express.co.uk, James spoke about what the storyline could mean for Aaron’s future. Asked if this could change his character going forward, James was questioned whether or not he believes the mechanic will remain in Weatherfield. He replied: “Who knows? I mean hopefully there’s some sort of, not necessarily redemption, because how do you redeem yourself from that? “But hopefully I’d like to hope he makes amends for it and tries to realise his wrongdoings and tries to make up for it.” DON'T MISS... Strictly’s Janette Manrara ‘over the moon’ about becoming a parent [VIDEO] The Apprentice star taken 'straight to hospital' after flight to Dubai [INSIGHT] Loose Women star branded 'out of touch' over lavish funeral plans [REACTION]     Throughout the upcoming episodes after the event, viewers will see Aaron somewhat dismiss Amy’s concerns over what happened. It becomes clear Aaron doesn’t believe there was any wrongdoing with what happened as his main worry is over betraying his ex-girlfriend Summer. James added: “I think his immediate thoughts when he first wakes up is, ‘Oh god I’ve just slept with my ex's best mate.' “Then he’s worried about how he can approach that without making it sounds like it didn’t mean anything and that it was just a one night thing.   “Initially there’s no thought in his mind that he’s done anything wrong. “I think he’s also trying to piece together what happened as well and he’s got this thing going on ‘did that really happen?” “It was so out of nowhere for him and it just took him by surprise.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV. 