Arsenal and Aston Villa staff members clashed in the stands following Emiliano Martinez's own goal on Saturday, according to reports. The Gunners had looked like they were heading for another defeat during the showdown in the Midlands. However, two late goals turned the tide their way instead. Arsenal had gone into the game against Aston Villa looking for a return to winning ways, particularly after their 3-1 defeat to Manchester City on Wednesday. And though the Gunners weren’t at their best, they battled their way to all three points on a dramatic day of football. Villa took the lead twice, through both Ollie Watkins and Philippe Coutinho, with Arsenal levelling via Bukayo Saka and Oleksandr Zinchenko. Then, in the closing stages, the drama took place. Martinez scored an unfortunate own goal, with the ball bobbling in off his head after a thunderbolt strike from Jorginho. And Gabriel Martinelli struck at the death after Martinez had gone up for a corner to roll the ball into an empty net. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Now, The Telegraph say staff members from both sides were involved in a clash in the stands after Martinez’s own goal. The publication says analysts were involved and that the incident ‘briefly turned physical’. Victor Manas, Unai Emery’s data and video analyst, was said to have been involved. And an Arsenal analyst, named Miguel Molina, reportedly then left the press box in an attempt to calm the situation down. After Martinez’s own goal, the Gunners added a fourth through Martinelli. And Arteta, when quizzed on the matter after the game, said Arsenal would take necessary action if needed. “No,” he said when asked if he’d spoken with Molina. “There was a scuffle among the analysts after the third goal. Like anything that happens in the stands, we will look at it, address it and take action if it’s necessary.” While it was a frustrating day for Villa, it was a joyous one for Arsenal. And Arteta praised his side for the courage they showed during the showdown as they returned to the top of the table. “Absolutely,” he said when asked if he was proud of his players. “We showed a lot of character, resilience to get back twice in the game and then winning it. “We have to take some lessons today because especially in the first half, we didn’t do all the simple things right and then we give them the chance to score those two goals in a really simple way. “We talked at half time, if we raise the individual standards and start to do what we have to do, we’re going to win this game. “And they went out there, which is difficult, and won it.” And he added: “We gave the ball away and are completely open it that left channel leaving Watkins one against one, we knew that that was a big concern because he has his quality to do that. “And they took their chances. “They had two shots and scored two goals [in the first half], so credit to them for that. “In the second half, we overplayed them, we created chance after chance, we dominated absolutely the game and we needed a magic moment and Jorginho produced it.” On the dressing room celebrations after the game, he added: “It was absolutely bouncing. It was a big effort to play less than 72 hours after the game we had. “I’m really pleased with the boys.” 