Manchester United are a team beginning to look the real deal once again, arguably for the first time since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. And, regardless of what happens against Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday, Erik ten Hag knows the club requires more additions if they’re to bring the glory days back. A goalkeeper, midfielder and striker are all on his radar. Manchester United will go up against Newcastle on Sunday looking to win just their fourth trophy since Ferguson walked off into the sunset a decade ago. The Red Devils enter the showdown on a huge high, having beaten Barcelona 2-1 in the Europa League on Thursday night to keep their hopes of a quadruple alive. United seem to be back. Attackers such as Marcus Rashford and Bruno Fernandes are playing at a high level, Casemiro and Fred have become an impressive double act in midfield and the centre-back pairing of Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez has been strong as well. But Ten Hag continues to play down expectations. This, in his eyes, is just the start. The Dutchman has masterminded a remarkable transformation at United, especially when you consider the shambles of last term under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Yet he feels his side require more additions if they’re to become the biggest and best team in the country again, regardless of what happens against Newcastle. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players It was reported last month that the Dutchman has actually already settled on his priorities for the upcoming summer transfer window. The Manchester Evening News claimed one area Ten Hag wants to strengthen is his goalkeeping department, regardless of what happens with David De Gea. United remain locked in negotiations with the Spain international over a new deal, with the 32-year-old impressing this term. There’s a sense, however, that the Red Devils require a more modern shot-stopper with football continuing to evolve. Tom Heaton is widely expected to leave United come the summer, while Jack Butland will return to Crystal Palace after his loan stint. And there’s also no guarantee Dean Henderson will return from his loan spell at Nottingham Forest, either, with the England international reluctant to play second fiddle to De Gea. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes A second area Ten Hag wants to bolster is midfield. United did land Marcel Sabitzer on a temporary deal last month, with the Austria international touching down from German giants Bayern Munich. However, it’s unclear if the Red Devils will require him permanently at the current moment in time. United may move Scott McTominay on at the end of the season, with the Scotland international admired by the likes of Newcastle and West Ham. And any departure for the academy graduate would free up a place in the Red Devils’ squad. Frenkie de Jong is known to remain a transfer target for United, despite the Barcelona star rejecting a move to the Premier League last year. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Netherlands international looked impressed by Old Trafford during Thursday night’s stirring Europa League contest. And with United on an upward trajectory under Ten Hag, another pursuit of the player can’t be ruled out. Jude Bellingham, too, is also of interest. United tried to land the England international when he was strutting his stuff for Birmingham in 2020, only for Solskjaer to miss out. Yet a deal won’t be straightforward with the likes of Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid all keen as well. A third signing United want to make is a striker. There’s no clear indication that Wout Weghorst will get a permanent move to the club, especially given the fact the Netherlands international has scored just once goal in 11 games since his arrival. United can’t rely on Anthony Martial anymore, with injuries plaguing the France international this term. And there’s uncertainty when it comes to the long-term future of Mason Greenwood after charges were dropped against him. Harry Kane is on United’s radar, having previously been courted by old bosses such as Louis van Gaal and Solskjaer. The Tottenham striker is due to become a free agent in 2024, meaning Spurs may face selling him this summer to avoid losing him for nothing. Victor Osimhen is being tracked by United, with the Napoli star propelling his side towards the Scudetto. And Benjamin Sesko still has admirers, even though the youngster has already agreed to leave Red Bull Salzburg for RB Leipzig come the end of the season. United, should they beat Newcastle, will have taken a giant step towards being back where they used to be. But Ten Hag knows more reinforcements are needed and his priorities, it seems, are already clear. FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.