Mason Greenwood is plotting a career in China if Manchester United sack him, according to reports. The 21-year-old had all charges against him dropped earlier this week. United are conducting their own investigation following the statement from the Crown Prosecution Service on Thursday. Greenwood's future with the Red Devils remains in severe doubt. The 21-year-old was arrested in January 2022 following allegations of attempted rape, assault and coercive control. He was charged but the "withdrawal of key witnesses" as well as "new material that came to light" saw the case dropped this week. United are not yet ready for Greenwood to return to training and club activities. And it appears he is already planning his next move if he doesn't remain at his boyhood club. READ MORE: World's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combined  The Sun claims he is eyeing a move to China to reignite his football career if he is sacked by United. The report says Greenwood told friends last year he had no intention to play for the Red Devils again because they "didn't stand by him". It is claimed Greenwood would struggle emotionally with the abuse he could receive from opposition fans if he played in England. Following the news that the charges against him were dropped, Greenwood outlined his relief at the matter. He said: "I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time." It remains to be seen how long United will take to carry out their own process into the matter. They posted a short statement following the news on Thursday. DON'T MISSChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allArsenal urged to back Arteta with three summer transfers including RiceArsenal must avoid gut-wrenching Saka Man City blow after Arteta update Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  It read: "Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps." United boss Erik ten Hag was unable to add anything different to the matter at his press conference on Friday, saying: "As I said, in this moment, I can't give comment about the process. I can't say anything about it, I refer to the statement of the club and at this moment I can't add anything." Greenwood has been at United since the age of six. He has played 129 times for the club, scoring 35 goals, since his debut in March 2019 aged just 17.  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!