On Friday we learnt that despite all the gloomy predictions we didn’t go into a recession in the last quarter of last year. Okay, there was zero growth but for a technical recession there needs to be two consecutive quarters of negative growth - and that didn’t happen. Good news you may think maybe things are turning around? Unfortunately, most economists are advising against popping the champagne just yet however as there may well be negative growth in the first quarter of this year largely because there aren’t the tools to push growth – yes inflation is predicted to fall back and that is very welcome but the tax cuts that bring hope, aspiration and much needed growth are not in the mind of our Chancellor, at least not yet. The Chancellor’s reaction to zero growth was a very muted one – yes, the British economy was more resilient than many had feared but “we were not out of the woods yet”. Hardly encouraging! And there was more bad news for the Government from AstraZeneca. Remember they are the company which worked with the Government to deliver the covid vaccine in record time, something to cheer about post Brexit. Now they have chosen to build their new £320 million manufacturing plant in the Republic of Ireland instead of the UK and one of the main reasons given by the CEO, Pascal Soriot was the punitive tax rates of the UK. The Chancellor, Jeremy Hunt has said that our corporation tax will rise from 19 to 25 percent in April in order to bring in more revenue to the nation’s coffers but with the Republic of Ireland having the certainty of a corporation tax at 12.5 percent for many years, why would a company invest in the neighbouring UK – with twice the rate? As a Tory leadership candidate Mr Hunt recognised that corporation tax needed to reduce – 15 percent was talked about. Now, he is saying as Chancellor that our business taxes need to fall - just not yet. When I was economy minister in Northern Ireland I was well aware of the benefits which the Republic of Ireland had by having a corporation tax rate of 12.5 percent. When I met potential investors and spoke of the benefits of investing in Northern Ireland – a young, well educated workforce, lower accommodation rates for property, access to the UK market – the question always came back; what is your corporation tax rate? This could be very disheartening but the simple truth was that the low tax rate was simple to understand and got the Irish ministers through many doors especially in high tax states in America. Little wonder the Irish government jealously guard their ability to have this low tax regime even under pressure from their colleagues in the EU. The Northern Ireland Executive recognised that we needed a lower corporation tax so we lobbied various Westminster governments to get the power to set our own corporation tax rate. We finally got the go ahead but then the cost of setting our own tax, under EU regulations was going to cost the NI block budget too much for us to manage the rest of the budget. We wanted to set the rate at the same rate as our nearest neighbours but EU membership and rules at that time made it financially impossible. I still believe in low corporation tax as it brings investment and the consequential jobs into the country, as we have seen yet again in the Republic of Ireland with the announcement from AstraZeneca. With a low rate you achieve more investment and therefore conversely you pick up more taxes not less and this was the argument which Liz Truss was making with her growth strategy. It is such a pity that the execution of her policy, all in one go and with some announcements which should not have been made (banker’s bonuses) has damaged the arguments against lowering corporation tax for now. The Chancellor said last week that his plan for the economy was based on the four Es – Education, Enterprise, Employment, Everywhere. If he persists with changing the corporation tax rates in April more companies like AstraZeneca will move to another E, - Elsewhere, and we don’t get any tax revenue from there!