Florida Governor Ron DeSantis has flip-flopped on his support for Ukraine as he mulls over whether to enter the Grand Old Party (GOP) primary race. The 44-year-old former US Navy lieutenant-commander voiced support for arming the ex-Soviet state in 2014.  DeSantis even urged then-POTUS Barack Obama to support Kyiv in an effort to deter Moscow from encroaching on other parts of Eastern Europe. However, resorting to a tone common among Republicans, the man widely tipped to challenge Trump in the Republican primaries slammed Biden's "blank check policy". Following the POTUS's recent visit to Ukraine, he said: "They have effectively a blank-check policy with no clear, strategic objective identified, and these things can escalate, and I don't think it's in our interests to be getting into a proxy war with China, getting involved over things like the borderlands or over Crimea." He added to Fox News: "The fear of Russia going into NATO countries and all that and steamrolling, you know, that has not even come close to happening. "I think they’ve shown themselves to be a third-rate military power." JUST IN: Rogue cookie monster harassing tourists used to be 'anti-Semitic Elmo' Previously, DeSantis put pressure on the White House to send "defensive and offensive" weapons to Ukraine, CNN's KFile has revealed. He lauded Ronald Reagan's Cold War foreign policy strategy, also voting to refuse to fund a new missile defence treaty with Russia until the Kremlin withdrew from Ukraine. The Sunshine State's two-time Governor said in 2015: "We in the Congress have been urging the president, I’ve been, to provide arms to Ukraine. "They want to fight their good fight. They’re not asking us to fight it for them. "And the President has steadfastly refused. And I think that that’s a mistake."  He added: "I think that when someone like [Russian President Vladimir] Putin sees Obama being indecisive, I think that whets his appetite to create more trouble in the area. "And I think if we were to arm the Ukrainians, I think that would send a strong signal to him that he shouldn’t be going any further." DeSantis also voted for a resolution demanding Russia to withdraw from Ukraine and supported $68million in aid to Kyiv while serving on the House Foreign Affairs committee. However, Trump's main Republican rival was quieter on the matter after Putin's troops first invaded the ex-Soviet state, instead questioning America's foreign policy. Speaking in February last year, DeSantis said: "My feeling is that they haven’t done enough, Europe or Biden’s administration, to really hit Putin where it counts." He later added: "I think that Putin would probably not have done this if he thought the United States was strong, but I think he thinks that the United States is weak because of the impotence of Biden’s administration."  An opinion poll has suggested DeSantis remains Donald Trump's main challenger in the GOP primary. Echelon Insights' survey indicated that 41 percent of Republican voters still back the ex-POTUS, with 31 percent supporting DeSantis. DON'T MISSBiden claims document debacle 'fundamentally different' to Trump [INSIGHT]Hollywood sign disappears in LA blizzard amid record-breaking storm [ANALYSIS]Pensioner, 80, mauled to death as police use axe to control dogs [VIDEO] However, the issue of foreign policy and Ukraine could play a role in the race. A separate Pew Research Center poll found that four-in-10 Republican and Republican-leaning independent voters now believe the US is providing too much support for Kyiv, up from nine percent last year. When asked if Russia's war in Ukraine could play have an impact on the GOP primary, ex-White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney told Express.co.uk: "It will be interesting to see how Ukraine funding plays in the Republican primary. "You may see a split on this across the various candidates who you expect to run." He added: "I know Trump would be a sceptic on it." Former Vice President Mike Pence looks as though he could position himself as a potential GOP candidate supporting Kyiv. He recently said: "While some in my party have taken a somewhat different view, there can be no room in the leadership of the Republican Party for apologists for Putin." Express.co.uk has approached DeSantis for comment.