Nicola Bulley's disappearance has led to a number of unanswered questions as police work to solve the mystery. Nicola vanished while walking her dog, Willow, on Friday, January 27, as police said their leading theory is that she "sadly fell into the river". Search teams are continuing their search for the missing mother-of-two, while her family and friends have slammed the theory with "no evidence" to back it up.  The 45-year-old walked along the River Wyre having dropped her children off at school. She was spotted at approximately 8.50am by another dog walker who spotted Nicola walking around the lower field with her sprocker spaniel Willow. At 8.53am Nicola sent an email to her boss. At 9.01am she logged into a Teams call. At 9.10am approximately, another walker saw Nicola on the upper field walking her dog. Just 20 minutes later at 9.30am, the Teams call ended but Nicola stayed on the call. Another walker then found her mobile phone and Willow on a bench by the river who alerted authorities to her disappearance. At the time of her disappearance, Nicola had been wearing a number of items. While her phone was found on the bench, along with Willow's harness and leash, a number of her other possessions and items of clothing are unaccounted for. Nicola was believed to be wearing:  READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's sister claims 'no evidence' she fell in river Nicola was last spotted while walking her dog in the upper field on a towpath by the River Wyre in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. But her phone - which was logged onto a Teams meeting - was found on a bench, along with Willow's harness and leash, that overlooked the river. Some theories have suggested that Nicola went into the river to retrieve her dog's tennis ball - a theory which has been refuted by Nicola's friend, Emma White, who said Willow "hasn't had a tennis ball for a year". There seems to be no evidence or footprints that would suggest Nicola had entered the water in that area. DON'T MISS:Stretch of river where mum Nicola Bulley disappeared is 'notoriously d [COMMENT]Nicola Bulley may have had 'issue' with dog before she disappeared [INSIGHT]Police believe missing mum Nicola Bulley fell into river [PICTURES] Along with Nicola's possessions, Willow's ball which police believe she was trying to retrieve, has not been found in the river. Emma, Nicola's friend, told Sky News: "Willow used to love a tennis ball very much but it used to disturb their walks so they haven’t had a tennis ball since way into last year. "Obviously she loved the tennis ball so she’d always be by you, pestering you for the ball - but it wasn’t a nice walk when the dog’s pestering - so there was definitely no ball." This could support the family's belief that there is "no evidence" to support the police's leading theory that she had fallen into the river. 