Samsung's latest promotion could be very enticing for anyone with a broken phone in their pocket. The Korean technology giant has confirmed that those buying the new Galaxy S23 will get a guaranteed £200 off when they hand over their old device and it doesn't matter what condition it's in. That's one of the best Galaxy S23 deals we've seen. This epic offer means the price of the firm's new flagship can be slashed to just £699 making it much more affordable. If you fancy taking Samsung up on this promise then you simply need to head to its website, fill in your details and add the code S23BOOST. You'll then see the discount applied to your basket. The guaranteed £200 off isn't the only deal available with the firm also offering free Disney+ for six months and the option to pay for the device over 36 months without facing any charges for interest. Want to know more? See the full details here As a quick reminder, the new Galaxy S23 features an upgraded Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor which is not only faster but also way more efficient. That means this device will last longer with the power also boosted thanks to a bigger battery tucked under the hood. There's also a triple-lens camera, 6.1-inch screen and the phone's eco credentials have been boosted thanks to a design that's made out of recycled materials. If that device doesn't sound large enough, there's also an S23+ option that gets a more expansive 6.5-inch screen and an even bigger battery inside. Although the S23+ is £150 more expensive than the standard phone, Samsung is also offering that guaranteed £200 boost with this device as well which helps cut down the cost. Finally, those wanting the ultimate S23 might want to take a look at the Ultra. This premium flagship gets an even bigger curved display, an improved camera with a 200-megapixel lens and an S Pen stylus which tucks neatly inside the shell. This device starts from £1,249 but this can be reduced by £750 when trading in an older device and using the code S23BOOST. Want to know more? Read our full Galaxy S23 Ultra review here.