China's most recent - and most brazen - effort to spy on the US came in the form of a surveillance balloon that was shot down by an Air Force fighter jet over the weekend. It comes among a string of other attempts from Beijing to obtain intelligence from America. Here are some of the ways that China has been accused of infiltrating the US. A survey conducted in 2021 by the Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) compiled a list of 160 incidents of China's espionage attempts towards the US since 2000. The investigation found that nefarious activity by Beijing has been on the rise since 2010. However, the CSIS noted that the list was derived from open-source material so it may not have accounted for the total number of incidents. It found, out of the 160 incidents, 24 percent occurred from 2000 to 2009 but 76 percent happened between 2010 and 2021. The company said: "It is perhaps noteworthy that of the 160 reported incidents we found, 89 occurred after [Chinese President] Xi Jinping took power."  Five Chinese nationals were accused of hacking into the computer networks of over 100 companies in the US and elsewhere in 2020, and have been described as part of a cyber-attack that operates under the blessing of the Chinese Communist Party. In 2019, Chinese hackers were also accused of stealing secret plans for a supersonic anti-ship missile. A separate incident also saw hackers accused of stealing plans for America's F-35 stealth fighter. James Olson, the former CIA chief of counterintelligence, said in 2020 that more than 100 Chinese spies were operating in New York at any given time, telling the New York Post: "Their spy programme is massive. “They aggressively mine social media and look for Chinese-Americans who have affection for Mother China.” He said China’s recruitment pitch included convincing potential defectors “that what they are doing will not be harmful to US interests — even though, of course, it is".  READ MORE: Truss to break months of silence with 'hawkish' speech An investigation by Axios in 2020 found that a suspected Chinese spy named Fang Fang had sexual or romantic relationships with national politicians including Republican Eric Swalwell. She also had relations with at least two other mayors of Midwestern cities including a sexual encounter with an Ohio mayor inside a car that was under FBI surveillance at the time, Axios said.  China had as many as 120 satellites orbiting the globe as of May 2018, which were used to conduct reconnaissance and remote sensing for military, civil and commercial purposes, according to an unclassified 2019 Air Force report. The People’s Liberation Army reportedly owned and operated “half of these systems, most of which could support monitoring, tracking and targeting of US forces,” the report said.   China allegedly pursues US military and counterintelligence personnel, along with members of US law enforcement to acquire secrets. One case in 2011 saw an FBI electronic technician Kun Shan “Joey” Chun, a US citizen, meet a Chinese government official while travelling around Europe. In exchange for lavish holidays and money, Mr Chun passed on "the identity and travel patterns of an FBI special agent” — as well as other classified information.  Zhengdong Cheng, a NASA researcher and professor in Texas, accepted $750,000 in federal grant money while hiding his affiliation with China’s government-run Guangdong University of Technology. The FBI also accused him of taking part in Beijing’s “Hundred Talents Plan” to recruit American university professors to steal intellectual property for China. He was handed a 13 month sentence and made to pay $86,876 in restitution and a $20,000 fine. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews