Tiger Woods has insisted he can win the Genesis Invitational event - despite outlining the injury problems that still plague him. The American will make his latest comeback in California in his first non-major tournament since his high-speed car crash in February 2021, which left him with multiple fractures in his legs and ankles. Just 14 months after the incident, the 47-year-old did remarkably return for the US Masters last April, and made the cut despite clearly being hampered by his injuries. But at the US PGA he was forced to withdraw after three rounds and then struggled at the 150th Open Championship, despite an iconic moment as he received a standing ovation walking down the 18th hole on Friday. Woods was asked about his current physical condition at his pre-tournament press conference this week. He said: "The recovery is more about my ankle and whether I can recover from day to day. The leg is better than what it was last year but it's my ankle. "So being able to have it recover each day and meanwhile still stress it, and also have the strength development at the same time - it's been an interesting little balance." Woods has 82 PGA Tour wins to his name, a record only matched by the legendary Sam Snead. And while many would forgive him for simply targeting making the weekend at the Riviera Golf Course, the former world No 1 has other ideas. He added: "But it's got so much better [the ankle] in the last couple of months and I'm excited to go out there and compete and play with these guys. And I would not have put myself out there if I didn't think I could beat these guys and win the event. That's my mentality." The American's last tournament victory famously came at the 2019 US Masters, some 11 years after his previous major win. And he pointed to overcoming adversity before as to why he could be in contention this week, as he added: "If I wasn't ready to win at this level, and I know I'm fairly rusty, but I've come off rusty situations before and done well." Also driving Woods will be the fact the Genesis Invitational represents one of the few prestigious PGA Tour events he hasn't won. He competed in play-offs after tying at the top in both 1998 and 1999, but lost out to Billy Mayfair and Ernie Else respectively. His appearance this week represents welcome publicity for the status quo, amid their ongoing legal wrangling with LIV Golf. A number of rebel players are taking action over sanctions imposed by the PGA and DP World Tour.