Jill Biden has all but confirmed her husband, Joe Biden, will run for President again. “Darling, he's just not done,” the First Lady told a reporter when asked about the 80-year-old's plan for 2024. “He’s not finished what he’s started, and I think look at all that Joe has done, has accomplished,” she told AP. “He brought us out of the chaos and he did that - he was elected because people wanted steady leadership, and I think they saw that in Joe, and they saw his character, they saw his integrity. “And he came into office - he knew what he wanted to do, and he knew that people were suffering from the pandemic. “I mean I was going and passing out food boxes, people were starving, they didn’t have food and people were afraid - there was such fear and so he came up with the American Rescue Plan to help kids get back to schools and the things that; bringing broadband to kids so that all kids have internet.” Already the oldest serving President in history, Biden would be 86 upon completion of a second term - if his re-election bid is successful. However, he has repeatedly bashed back at concerns about his age, recently telling PBS NewsHour “watch me”. “I haven't made that decision,” Biden said when asked if he wants to run for 2024. “That's my intention, I think, but I haven't made that decision firmly yet.” Biden aides told NBC an announcement is likely to come in April after the first fundraising quarter ends. Around this time in 2011, President Barack Obama officially launched his re-election campaign in the same manner. And should Biden make an announcement soon, he would do so as his approval ratings hit their highest in a year. According to a new NPR-PBS NewsHour-Marist poll, the President’s approval rating rose to 46 percent on Wednesday. “We’re not going to have a campaign until we have to,” a Biden adviser also told Politico. “He’s the president. Why does he need to dive into an election early?” Despite this, some Democrats are preparing for life after Biden and are staying ready for any primary challenge. “Without being overly aggressive, everyone’s still keeping the motor running just in case and they’re not being bashful about it,” said one Democratic donor, describing a call with the staff of a candidate who ran against Biden in 2020. “On the phone, everyone is very clear and has the same sentence up front: ‘If Joe Biden is running, no one will work harder than me, but if he’s not, for whatever reason, we just want to make sure we’re prepared for the good of the party.” Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews