King Charles is the proud grandfather of five children, William and Kate's Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, and Harry and Meghan's Archie and Lilibet. Judi James gave Express.co.uk her hot take on which grandchild the King is fondest of. Judi started off by saying that Charles is likely a devoted grandfather behind the scenes. She said: "Like most grandparents, Charles probably dotes on all his grandchildren, even the ones he doesn’t get to see." However, there is "one in particular" who he seems to give the most open "affection" to, which allows royal fans a glimpse into their relationship. Judi suggested that Louis might remind his grandad of a very important child in his life - a young Prince Harry. READ MORE: Charles' closest royal friendship could have been 'dangerous' - claim She explained: "Louis seems to have been named after Charles’s much-adored uncle Louis Mountbatten but he seems to have inherited his cheeky, spontaneously playful and affectionate traits from his own uncle, Harry." Indeed, the youngest Wales child stole the show at the Platinum Pageant back in June 2022, where he was snapped making a number of cheeky facial expressions. The expert revealed that there are only two royals usually at the receiving end of Charles' public displays of affection. "Zara Tindall has always been relaxed and hugely demonstrative with uncle Charles in public and Charles clearly adores being on the receiving end of her hugs and very affectionate displays. "Louis looks like the other member of the family that treats Charles just like any other grandpa, no matter who and how many cameras are watching." The expert suggested that his relationships with these two particular royals bring out a side to the King we rarely see. "As a result, both Zara and Louis bring out some of the best body language in Charles, with Louis in particular able to give the King the gift of looking openly affectionate and more down-to-earth than normal." The relationship between Charles and little Louis is often facilitated by mum Kate, who seems to really appreciate how close the pair are. READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' "Kate seems to realise this and there was one very iconic moment when she held baby Louis out towards Charles in a gesture that appeared to also suggest some thawing of the frost that had settled between William and his father. "Charles responded tentatively but the way his face was wreathed in wrinkles of pleasure spoke volumes. "There is also a moment during the official photo when Kate allows Louis to lean forward and grab his grandfather’s face that shows Charles at one of his most relaxed, fun and spontaneous moments." Kate has even looked towards Charles to provide some grandparental responsibility in moments when Louis was not on his top form. This suggests that Charles is someone in the young boy's life who can settle and relax him more so than others. Judi concluded: "It was Charles’ lap that Louis was placed on when he became fidgety during the Jubilee event and it is Louis’s responses to being held or hugged by Charles that allows us to see the very genuine aspect of their warmth for one another. "You can pick a child up or sit it on your lap but it’s when we see Louis throw his arms round his grandad’s neck in a reciprocal gesture that we get a hint of how close the pair are behind the scenes."