A former Norland nanny has praised Kate, Princess of Wales for "honing in" on Prince Louis's personality and parenting her three children "perfectly". Last summer the Wales's youngest child made headlines for his cheeky antics at the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, where he joked around with his mother and pulled faces. Sarah Carpenter, a former nanny who trained at the prestigious Norland College in Bath, spoke on Hello's A Right Royal Podcast, in an episode dedicated to the royal children. She told hosts Andrea Caamano and Emmy Griffith that people were wrong to criticise Kate over Louis' behaviour during the royal ceremony. She said: "That's so sad, that people would be negative about it, because actually, if anything, it's reassuring that she is clearly parenting perfectly, and making that little boy feel so comfortable that he can behave like that. "And that's what you'd rather see, than a child who doesn't feel comfortable in a situation, you know, Louis, and Charlotte and George, on that particular public event, were clearly so comfortable and so happy. I thought it was just lovely to see what lovely children they look like they are."  Kate and Prince William's own Norland nanny, Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo, has been with the family since 2014, joining when Prince George was eight months old. Since then she has helped to raise his younger siblings Princess Charlotte and Louis too. She was handpicked by the Prince and Princess from a shortlisted selection put forward by Norland College. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests Training to become a Norland nanny takes four years and costs £15,290, with the school priding itself on its exceptional quality of nannies. Royal commentator Victoria Murphy told ABC News shortly after the birth of Princess Charlotte: "The nannies are taught everything from defensive driving to security issues to how to care for a future king or queen. "So [Borrallo] just really knows everything that you could possibly need to know about bringing up a child." DON'T MISS:UK loses out on £320 million AstraZeneca factory deal as CEO slams tax [LATEST]Putin's terrifying plot to 'destroy' another European nation unveiled  [REPORT]King's Coronation Concert tickets up for grabs - all the details [INSIGHT] Norland is known as the preferred choice of the royals, with Princess Anne also hiring one for her children. Ms Borrallo, who hails from Spain, is reportedly teaching George and Charlotte to speak Spanish as well. As William and Kate have now moved to the four bedroom Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor estate their nanny will no longer live with them, according to Ms Murphy.