Terrified people living on an estate under siege say gangs of youths roaming their area have left them feeling "hopeless" as the yobs set fires, attack vehicles and smash windows of those who report crimes to the police. A group of between 50 and 60 teenagers were seen setting fires and throwing objects in a recent night of "havoc" on streets in The Duckeries, St Helens, Merseyside. It was dubbed a "chaos" by concerned residents. A dispersal order was put in place by the police over last weekend as a result but the general consensus among long-suffering neighbours is that these orders do little, and stronger action needs to be taken.A dispersal zone allows police to direct a person committing or likely to commit anti-social behaviour to leave an area for 48 hours But one couple, who have lived in their home near the estate for more than 40 years, explained how the community now believe any change seems unlikely. Speaking to Liverpool Echo, the couple said: "It seems like the kids causing trouble are getting younger and younger. It used to be teenagers who'd left school hanging around in gangs causing trouble but now it's kids of 13 and 14. "It just feels hopeless, if you're seen talking to the police about it then they'll just target you even more, you'll end up with a brick through your window. The foundations are laid from a young age so I don't really see what can be done for them to change their ways and stop causing trouble." Another person living in the area believes that a lack of discipline has led to children running astray. They said: "There is no structure in the lives for a lot of these kids and I think that's where the problem stems from. "At the minute the street is just under attack from feral rats. They can see the police coming from the hill they stand on, so they all scarper before the police turn up."   There have also been reports of teenagers targeting vehicles with rocks. A Merseyside Police spokesperson said: "Do you know where your children are? Approximately 50 to 60 of them at The Duckeries setting fire to a wheelie bin and throwing rocks at a bus smashing its window. This will be investigated. "Another threw a rock at one of our patrol vehicles causing damage also, this too will be investigated. This could cause the vehicle to go off the road and unable to service incidents effectively. Remember, we could be helping a loved one. Know where your kids are!"  Police have backed the usage of dispersal zones, as they say they give officers more power. Community Inspector Stacey Pope said: “After several reports of antisocial behaviour and criminal damage between large groups of teenage girls and boys in the area a dispersal zone was authorised, providing officers with extra powers to tackle the issues. A total of eight dispersal notices, which will be followed up by council partners for the consideration of Acceptable Behaviour Contracts were issued. “Recent incidents include fires in the Duckeries and serious damage caused to a bus, taxi and police patrol cars on Fleet Lane. Thankfully no one was injured and our officers safely dealt with these incidents “This behaviour will not be tolerated and extra officers will remain in the area to disperse any groups causing such incidents, and to provide reassurance to the vast majority of law-abiding people in the area. Partners and community groups continue to conduct outreach and provide a range of activities including boxing, Judu, walks and gym passes for anyone to join. Action will be taken to stop reckless acts of anti-social behaviour to make sure that everyone can feel safe where they work or visit."  CI Pope added: "Anyone who returns to the area during the dispersal zone may be arrested. Our officers obtained full details of those concerned and will plan any follow up visits with housing, ASB officers and potentially social services this week. "We hope these actions show how seriously we take any reports of criminal damage, disorder and antisocial behaviour in our community and that we are focused on preventing and detecting crime to protect residents. "If you witness any anti-social behaviour or have any information about such incidents, please contact or speak to our officers. "Always call 999 if a crime is in progress. You can pass any information on anti-social behaviour via our social media desk @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook. You can also contact the independent charity Crime stoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information." 