Anthony Joshua could end up facing Tyson Fury in the summer if The Gypsy King’s upcoming undisputed clash with Oleksandr Usyk falls apart. Matchroom Boxing chief Eddie Hearn says that Joshua would be happy to fight Fury next providing he gets through Jermaine Franklin on April 1. For many boxing fans, these words will bring back horrible flashbacks of failed promises. Joshua and Fury have been scheduled to face each other on two occasions to no avail and have verbally expressed interest in the fight at least half a dozen times. Yet nothing has come of it. The closest we came to seeing the all-British showdown was back in 2021 when the pair held all the belts between them. Both men signed a two-fight deal, starting with a showdown in Saudi Arabia in August of that year. However, as soon as the fight was officially announced a judge in a US court ruled that Deontay Wilder was entitled to exercise his option for a third fight with Fury. Joshua was then ordered to face WBO mandatory Usyk; the rest is history. But despite failing to get it over the line again in December of last year, Hearn remains optimistic that the third time could be a charm. “I don’t know what’s going to happen with the Usyk [vs Fury] thing, he may fight Fury next,” he told iFL TV. “We would be open for that fight. If Usyk doesn’t fight Fury, AJ will fight Fury next in the summer if he gets through Franklin. How about that. Stick that in your pipe and smoke it – he will. MORE BOXING NEWS... Tommy Fury is sleeping in a separate room to Molly-Mae Usyk sets out conditions for Fury clash as crunch talk held in London McGregor breaks silence on long-awaited UFC comeback fight “I have no idea whether Fury-Usyk is going to happen I can only give you my opinion, but I’m telling you if that fight doesn’t happen, we will take the Fury fight. He [Joshua] will take that fight, he will take the Wilder fight he’d take them all. “Don’t be surprised to see that fight [AJ vs Fury] in the summer if the other one don’t happen, because that’s much bigger than the Usyk fight, much bigger. So just something I’ve been thinking about lately, might be a little tinkle to George Warren, but we’ll see.” Fury and Usyk are currently in crunch talks over in England attempting to iron out the final details for a fresh fight date on April 29 at Wembley Stadium. They were originally expected to square off in Saudi Arabia, but those negotiations have since fallen by the wayside. If a deal can’t be agreed upon over the coming days then it is reported that Fury will look for an alternative opponent. 