Leeds United could be closing in on former Ajax manager Alfred Schreuder as Jesse Marsch's replacement. The 50-year-old was spotted at Elland Road for Sunday's Premier League clash against Manchester United and has emerged as one of the new favourites for the job. According to the Telegraph, Schreuder is a 'serious contender' among Leeds' list of candidates after his dismal spell at Ajax. And he is present in west Yorkshire to watch his successor take on Leeds in the second grudge match in five days between the two rivals. The Dutchman replaced Erik ten Hag last summer after he became United's new manager but lasted just eight months in the job. Ajax sacked Schreuder at the end of January after a draw against relegation-threatened FC Volendam left the Dutch Eredivisie champions without a win in seven games for the first time since 1965. He departed less than an hour after Mohammed Kudus rescued a 1-1 stalemate, leaving Ajax fifth, seven points behind leaders Feyenoord and trailing the Champions League spots by five. JUST IN: Howard Webb urged to sack Lee Mason by ref after third major VAR error Schreuder was previously Ten Hag's assistant in Amsterdam before being appointed Club Brugge manager, where he won the Belgian Pro League title last season. He was dealt a poor hand when returning to Ajax, with several key figures of Ten Hag's squad securing big moves elsewhere in Europe. Ryan Gravenberch joined Bayern Munich, and Sebastien Haller left for Borussia Dortmund. And despite fighting to keep both, Schreuder also lost Lisandro Martinez and Antony to Ten Hag and United. But Ajax's league position and their group-stage exit in the Champions League left Edwin van der Sar with the 'painful' decision to dismiss him. DON'T MISS Southampton sacking Nathan Jones is bad news for Leeds for two reasonsLiverpool owners FSG to give Jurgen Klopp 'significant resources'Erik ten Hag has dropped early Sancho team news hint for Leeds clash If his trip to Leeds indicates anything, Schreuder could be looking to re-enter the world of coaching instantly. Schreuder's Ajax assistant, Matthias Kaltenbach, left the club at the same time and would likely follow him to Leeds if he's appointed. The Whites will hope to confirm Marsch's successor this coming week after sporting director Victor Orta faced rejection by Carlos Corberan, Andoni Iraola and Arne Slot. Former Wolves and Tottenham Hotspur boss Nuno Espirito Santo is among Schreuder and the other favourites to enter the Leeds dugout. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here