The CW’s pantheon of DC superheroes is slowly coming to an end with a ninth and final season of The Flash starting this week. As Barry Allen (played by Grant Gustin) and the team prepare to face a terrifying new speedster known as Red Death (Javicia Leslie), a brand new iteration of Caitlin Snow (Danielle Panabaker) arrives just in the nick of time. Showrunner Eric Wallace has shed more light on the decision to bring back Panabaker for one last ride in the CWverse. In the final moments of Wednesday’s season premiere, Barry is introduced to what appears to be a new version of his bioengineer best friend from yet another universe. However, Caitlin confirms she is a totally new character the team hasn’t met at this point in their timeline-hopping adventures. “It is not Frost, and it is not Caitlin,” the showrunner teased fans. “She’s not lying.” READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered Numerous versions of Caitlin, also known by her alias Killer Frost, have appeared and died over the course of the series so far. While she looks exactly the same as her predecessors, bar her dyed-blue hair, Wallace echoed the character’s claim she’s someone completely new, despite being played by Panabaker. Having appeared in every season of the show so far, it’s only natural fans would want her back for the final instalment. Wallace has now assured fans Panabaker’s mysterious new character will play an important role over the coming episodes and especially in the series finale. “Her appearance at this time is not a coincidence,” he told TV Line. “Heroes rise up when the universe needs them to appear, so there’s a reason why Danielle [Panabaker] is coming out of that crystal coffin right now. “Because as we’re going to find as we get closer and closer to the series finale, her character is very wrapped up in the season finale. She’s the right hero for the absolute right time.” Hopefully, Wallace’s preview will assure fans the new Caitlin will be working alongside the heroes and can be trusted despite her unexpected entrance. DON'T MISS:You fans in frenzy as Love Quinn returns in part two [TEASER]Chicago Fire's Carver set for romance after showrunner drops teaser [INSIGHT]NCIS’ Parker demoted as Vance delivers chilling news [VIDEO] Barry and his friends will certainly need all the help they can get to defeat Red Death, who is inspired by an evil doppelgänger of Bruce Wayne/Batman who managed to tap into the Speed Force. Wallace revealed the series will be taking a huge departure from the comic books, with the CW’s Batwoman star Leslie portraying the powerful nemesis. “We’re using kind of a completely different character, and our Red Death will have their own new origin,” he confirmed. “There has to be a reason for this character to be not just obsessed with Barry Allen but hate his guts enough to try to take him down and ruin his world. “That will become obvious, but it takes a few episodes to peel back the onion of why she hates Barry so much. And I think the audience is going to love it.” After defeating the likes of the Reverse Flash (Tom Cavanagh) and Zoom (Teddy Sears), Red Death will prove to be another worthy adversary to bring the superhero saga to a close. Before Red Death’s motives are revealed, however, viewers can look forward to finding out more about Panabaker’s return in next week’s episode, Hear No Evil. The Flash season 9 continues Wednesdays on The CW in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.