A devastated woman told how she burst into tears when an out of control car smashed into their living room and destroyed their first home. Saskia Wilkins and her partner Jamie had been staying with family for Christmas when they got a call from their neighbours on December 27. A car skidded through the gardens of homes on Roundhay Grove, Leeds, causing significant damage before coming to rest buried in Saskia's front window. The couple has since been quoted around £15,000 to repair the damage—money they say they do not have and claim their insurance will not cover it. Nursery worker Saskia, 23, told LeedsLive: "I was really stressed and it was really shocking and unexpected. "I wasn't there luckily when it crashed into the living room because we were spending our Christmas with family. "I was shocked when we got the call from our neighbours. "We rushed over there and there was all the fire service, all the neighbours outside, everything was going on. "I just burst into tears the minute I got there."  West Yorkshire Police were also at the scene after the crash just after 9am last year. Thankfully, no one was hurt. "It knocked out the entire bay window and all the bricks underneath it," Saskia said. "It's damaged all the flooring in my living room too. "The bay above it has also all come away because of the structural damage. "It's all boarded up at the moment but it's very drafty - we stayed in hotels for the first few weeks after which was very expensive. It doesn't feel very safe here." Saskia and Jamie, who works in admin, have been unable to get the damage covered by insurance. It is left them having to set up a GoFundMe page to help them pay for the damage. "I can't afford that," Saskia said. "It's my first home and I had to save a lot to get it in the first place. "I'm just really struggling with how I'm going to afford this. It's put me in a really rubbish situation." A spokesperson for West Yorkshire Police said at the time of the crash: "Police were called to Roundhay Grove at 9.25am on Tuesday [December 27] to a report a car had crashed into the front of an unoccupied house. "Following enquiries, a 31-year-old man in the car was arrested on suspicion of driving while under the influence of drugs and drugs offences. "A second man was arrested and later charged with possession of a controlled drug." To donate to the couple's GoFundMe page, click here. 