Star running back Saquon Barkley played a huge part in the New York Giants’ resurgence last season, but reports suggest he is edging closer to walking away as a free agent. The 26-year-old was fourth in rushing and mustered more than 1,600 scrimmage yards and 10 touchdowns, playing a pivotal role in Big Blue’s run to the divisional round of the play-offs, after five straight seasons with a losing record. But the New York Post reports a “gap” remains in negotiations with the out-of-contract back, with Giants' general manager Joe Schoen and head coach Brain Daboll unwilling to meet his $16million-per-year demands. The report suggests the Giants will not go much higher in their offers than the $37m three-year package Cleveland Browns handed to their star running back Nick Chubb last year. READ MORE: NFL star Aaron Rodgers was compared to Prince Harry over Green Bay Packers exit rumours  With the franchise tag window opening on Tuesday, the Giants have the chance to secure Barkley for the season ahead, for around $10m. But they are said to have “little interest” in tagging the player, because it would represent a significant hit against the salary cap when compared to negotiating a long-term extension. Barkley is not the only key player that the Giants need to negotiate a new deal with this off-season, with quarterback Daniel Jones also at the end of his contract. DON'T MISS Shaquille O'Neal tells Donald Trump to 'shut the f*** up' over Rihanna comments Kansas City Chiefs hero Patrick Mahomes has underwear superstition Inside Lewis Hamilton's NFL franchise ownership of three-time Super Bowl winners    The Giants declined the fifth-year option in Jones' contract last summer after an underwhelming start to his NFL career, but boss Daboll took his game to a new level last season and dramatically increased his ball security. Like with Barkley, the G-Men are locked in negotiations with Jones, who is also an option for the franchise tag at $32m for the year. With talks ongoing, ProFootballTalk reports Jones has switched agents, ditching CAA to join Athlete’s First. The timing is intriguing, with Jones reportedly looking for $45m year on a new deal, and while the Giants want to keep their quarterback, they are unlikely to do business at that price.