King Charles "doesn't want to lose" his relationship with Prince Harry despite the swathe of explosive allegations the Duke levelled at the Royal Family since he stepped down, Angela Levin Claimed. The Duke of Sussex's biographer claimed His Majesty has a proper "weakness" for his son and is adamant to reconcile with him. The Daily Express last week confirmed Harry and Meghan are set to be invited to the King's coronation in May. Levin said: "King Charles is a monarch, but he’s also a father. He loves Harry. "He might not like what he’s doing, but he loves him and there’s a weakness there for him. He doesn’t want to lose him as a son." The Duke of Sussex levelled a series of allegations against his father since stepping down from his official duties in 2020. Harry claimed his father and brother Prince William are "trapped" within the royal institution as he was before his relationship with Meghan Markle. JUST IN: William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation as key sticking point revealed He suggested meeting the Duchess of Sussex allowed him to move from the Firm to become an independent private citizen. Speaking to Oprah Winfrey in March 2021, Harry said: "I wouldn’t have been able to, because I myself was trapped, as well. I didn’t see a way out. "You know, I was trapped, but I didn’t know I was trapped.” Despite his stance on the impact of the monarchy on his relatives, the Duke of Sussex this year said he would be open to attending his father's coronation. He however demanded an apology on behalf of his wife for the treatment she received when she joined the Royal Family. READ MORE: Prince Andrew has 'no royal future' no matter what path he chooses He said: "I’ve had to make peace with the fact that we’re probably never gonna get genuine accountability or a genuine apology. "My wife and I, we’re moving on. We’re focused on what’s coming next." Levin however suggested the Duke of Sussex would likely find alternative sources of frustration regardless of any apology. She told US Weekly: "The Royal Family haven’t actually not invited him. They’ve just said ’It’s open, it’s welcome.’ "But Harry’s insisting that he wants to sit down and have this long conversation. "And if they apologize for one thing, I’m absolutely certain he’ll come up with another 350 things that he’s also annoyed about." Indeed, a royal insider claimed the Sussexes would rather like the Royal Family to "capitulate" entirely. They said: "The problem is that [the Sussexes] want a capitulation and apology by the palace, but when 'recollections vary,' that's quite difficult." Historian Robert Lacey said: "It is almost insulting to ask, 'When are they going to kiss and make up?' There have been some very grave disagreements between them. "But the Platinum Jubilee and the funerals of the Queen and Prince Philip did demonstrate that they could put personal enmity aside for the sake of the bigger cause. "And that is what the coronation will be all about." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews