The Princess of Wales didn't shy away from a challenge during today's visit to Landau Forte College in Derby. Kate headed to the school to meet Captain Preet Chandi MBE after her return from a record-breaking polar expedition. During the visit, the Princess of Wales caught a glimpse into the gruesome training the Captain had to undertake to prepare for her expedition. Taking off the white jacket she arrived in, Kate had a go at pulling two tyres, which Captain Chandi used as part of her training. She then quipped: "I need to do some training!" The royal and the officer appeared close-knit throughout the engagement. Upon arriving at the school, Kate found the intrepid British Army Officer waiting for her at the entrance of the school and welcomed the record-breaker with a warm hug. Kate, who wore a white blouse under her blazer and dark trousers, was seen chatting amiably with the officer and physiotherapist. Together, the pair kicked off Captain Chandi's tour of schools, during which she will recall her extraordinary solo Polar expedition and speak to pupils about the importance of to building resilience and mental well-being. Captain Chandi made history in January, when she ended the longest-ever recorded solo and unsupported expedition to the South Pole. During her inspiring and gruelling trip, which lasted for 70 days and 16 hours, Captain Chandi crossed Antarctica in direction of the South Pole, walking 922 miles (1,485km) through temperatures as low as -30°C and wind speeds of 60mph. READ MORE: Royal Family want something in return for apology to Harry and Meghan To complete the expedition, she skied for 13 to 15 hours a day, pulling a sledge weighing 120kg. Her original goal to complete the coast-to-coast crossing was made impossible by the severely-adverse conditions. She had to stop 100 miles (160km) away from her target, as she announced in a heartfelt Instagram message dating back to January 19. It read: "A tough day today. It was very cold and windy but I kept my breaks very short so I didn’t get too cold. "I didn’t let myself stop earlier though because I wanted to get the miles in. I have been given my pickup point which is about 30 nautical miles away from me. "I’m pretty gutted that I don't have the time to complete the crossing. I know that I have done a huge journey, it’s just difficult while I’m on the ice and I know it’s not that far away." Captain Chandi is not new to breaking records: last year, she became the first woman of colour to embark on a solo expedition on the continent when she completed a 700-mile (1,127km) ski to the South Pole in January, a feat which earned her the MBE. Kate, who is also joint president of the Scouts, has long been an advocate of the benefits outdoor activities can have on the mental and physical well-being of both children and adults and how it can help nurture skills such as resilience and confidence. 