Emmerdale couple Ethan Anderson (played by Emile John) and Marcus Dean (Darcy Grey) have taken a backseat of late in the ITV soap, however, according to ITV bosses the couple will be the centre of an explosive storyline which will lead to them breaking up for good. They also teased Ethan's dad Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) would have a part to play in the break-up. Speaking about what fans can expect, Jane teased: "We’ve got our Anderson family, Charles, Ethan, Naomi and Manpreet who’s with Charles. "They've finally got their own home Charles and Manpreet, which is fantastic. "And we are going to see Ethan go through quite a journey with Marcus onscreen which is going to result in Ethan being young, free and single, and where will that lead us to?" The executive producer added: "There is a lot in store for the Andersons this year and there is a lot going to be happening for Charles in particular. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending "But I am not going to tell you what that is at the moment, you are gonna have to keep watching as it is happening a bit further on in the year." Ethan and Marcus' relationship seemed to be going strong until recently when the lawyer's boss Greg (Daniel Betts) made a pass at his boyfriend. "Hey, you made it," Ethan said to Marcus as he prepared dinner. "Why don't I take over here and you guys go and talk legal shop," Marcus offered. "If we are in his way," Greg pointed out as he led Marcus into the living room to sort drinks. However, things soon took a turn when Greg made a move on his colleague's boyfriend. "I am glad you made it," Greg said as Marcus replied: "Ethan wanted me here. I'd do anything for him." As Ethan made his way upstairs to change his shirt, Greg placed his hand on Marcus' leg. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty shuts down BBC Breakfast co-host  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as beloved couple reunite  [SPOILERS] As he knocked his hand off, Marcus pleaded: "Don't." "I was just going to grab a glass," Greg insisted. "You're a bit jumpy, aren't you?" "My mistake," Marcus apologised as Greg asked: "What did you think was going to happen? What were you hoping for?" As the lawyer went to touch Marcus' leg again, he jumped up and fumed: "I am not interested." However, when he made another pass, Ethan grabbed Greg and shoved him against the wall. Fans have also shared their thoughts on Ethan and Marcus' relationship, with many thinking the storyline with Ethan's boss "won't end well". Ben Powell shared: "Ethan’s boss is creepy and he’s only just getting started - I’m not sure how this story is going to end #emmerdale." Ryan Glendenning wrote: "Careful Ethan Gregg is recording you #Emmerdale." "No chemistry whatsoever between Ethan and Marcus #emmerdale," Michelle Jones added. Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7.30pm on ITV.