If you've been keeping up with the daily Wordle puzzles this month, then you're probably craving a bit more of a challenge. Wordle 611 bucks the recent trend of simple puzzles, providing long-time fans with a surprisingly tough nut to crack. Fortunately, this is where Express Online comes in. We've put together a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues to help you figure out the answer to Wordle 611 for February 20. Good luck! The ideal game to play on your lunch break, the aim of Wordle is to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To solve the puzzle, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles. If the tile turns grey, then the letter you've guessed doesn't appear in the final word. If it turns yellow, then the letter appears in the word, just not in that position. A green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct place. An addictive game with a huge following, Wordle would go on to spawn dozens of clones. There's a Lord of the Rings themed Wordle called Lordle, a musical variant called Heardle, and a hardcore Wordle game called Quordle - where the aim is to guess four words instead of just one. If you're not great with words, then you'll prefer something like Nerdle, where you've got to figure out a maths equation. Four best Wordle starting words to make you a 'Wordle Master' - expert tips If you're here for Wordle 611 hints, check out the latest clues for the February 20 puzzle below... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 611 hints and clues for February 20... 1. Wordle 611 starts with the letter S. 2. Wordle 611 contains two vowels. 3. This puzzle might make you perspire.