Happy Valley fans are convinced they have spotted a huge clue that Ryan Cawood (played by Rhys Connah) will be the one to bring about Tommy Lee Royce’s (James Norton) downfall. BBC viewers are hoping to see the rapist get his comeuppance in the series finale. The final series of Happy Valley focussed on Ryan wanting to get to know his father. Although fans of the hit series will know the murderer doesn’t deserve his son’s love, Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) was helpless to stop her grandson. Throughout the series Ryan visited his father in secret meetings while Tommy was behind bars. Cathrine feared Tommy would influence his son and lead him astray. Read more: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ how Tommy Lee Royce dies . However, Happy Valley viewers now suspect Ryan could be the one to bring his father down. In recent scenes, Tommy jumped the dock during his trial and went on the run. The rapist and murderer hoped to start a new life with his son in Marbella. Episode five concluded with Tommy making contact with his son through an online gaming chat. Ryan asked his father what his plans were after escaping the police and was surprised to learn that Tommy’s future involved him. The murderer asked his son to go on the run with him and Ryan agreed to think about it. One fan, posting in a Reddit forum, theorised that Ryan will use the chat to turn his father in. "Ryan will give up Tommy Lee Royce. Games consoles hooked up to a live network have IP addresses that can be traced. DON'T MISSHappy Valley’s tragic ending exposed as fans spot distressing clue [THEORY]Happy Valley kitchen clue confirms location of Tommy's final attack [INSIGHT]Happy Valley's Ryan Cawood star shuts down 'untrue' rumours [INTERVIEW] “It’s already been established that there’s a task force set up to track Tommy Lee Royce down." Another agreed: "I think Ryan will give up Tommy Lee Royce also. At least that's the ending I'd like to see for the boy." Will Ryan turn on his father or will he abandon his grandmother and go on the run? Meanwhile, the finale trailer teases a showdown between Catherine and Tommy. At the beginning of the clip, Ryan is being questioned by the police as the cat-and-mouse game between his grandmother and father continues. “When was the last time you had any contact with Tommy Lee Royce?” Ryan is asked. Tommy can be seen sneaking through a house with blood on his hands as the police head off to an emergency. Will Catherine and Ryan survive the Happy Valley finale? Happy Valley concludes on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.