Lewis Hamilton has admitted he could be tempted to walk away from Mercedes and F1 for one crucial reason. The Mercedes driver revealed he would leave if he was able to take up an acting role in the iconic Top Gun films. He made the admission at the end of Netflix’s new Drive to Survive series which was released last week. The remark came after Hamilton was asked whether he would definitely be on the grid in 2023 amid speculation over his future in the sport. The Mercedes star responds: “I 100 per cent will be there next year.” However, the seven-time champion quickly added there would be one reason why he would consider walking away. He said: “But if they ever do a freaking Top Gun again, there’s no way I’m turning that down. I’m going to have to have someone to replace me in the car.” Hamilton almost featured in Top Gun: Maverick after the Mercedes star begged Tom Cruise for a role. READ MORE: Kravitz makes worrying Hamilton prediction that will please Alonso The Mercedes driver thought he would be an extra in the production but eventually pulled an ace card with one of the biggest roles in the movie. According to reports, he was tipped to play one of the fighter pilots alongside Cruise in the iconic movie. Hamilton told Vanity Fair: “Basically I’m a friend of Tom Cruise. One of the nicest people you’ll ever meet. “As a child, Hamilton saw the original Top Gun and fixated on becoming a fighter pilot. So when I heard the second one was coming out, I was like, ‘Oh, my God, I have to ask him.' “I said, ‘I don’t care what role it is. I’ll even sweep something, be a cleaner in the back.” However, he admitted he was forced to withdraw from the project after realising filming clashed with the F1 calendar. DON'T MISS Mercedes' bid to close gap on Red Bull ahead of Bahrain Grand Prix [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen in a very different situation to Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton title hopes written off already with 'serious problems' [COMMENT] lewis hamilton Hamilton added: “I’m a perfectionist. The most upsetting call that I think I’ve ever had - to let them know.” However, Hamilton will get another chance to light up the silver screen as he takes up the role of producer in a new F1 movie. The project will star Brad Pitt in the leading role with Top Gun: Maverick director Joseph Kosinski and producer Jerry Bruckheimer also involved. Speaking on the project last season, Hamilton explained: "I've got Tim Cook here this weekend, which is such an honour to have him with us. Him and his team have been so supportive, with supporting my documentary, and also green lighting this movie. “And then having Brad, a legend, and you've got Jerry, who really is an incredible legend, he did Top Gun the original. And Joe is such a huge talent as a director. I have such high hopes for it. I know we're going to make the best racing movie that's ever existed, both visually and we're going to work on making sure we pull on the heartstrings of all those fans.”