CBS’s popular talk show has remained in syndication since 2002 and solidified Dr Phil McGraw as one of the most beloved daytime hosts, alongside Dr Oz, Ellen Degeneres and Oprah Winfrey. After starting his TV career in segments on Winfrey’s talk show, the former psychologist has become a talk show giant in his own right with his own show, Dr Phil, which will now come to an end later this year. McGraw will be leaving his series at the end of its 21st season in spring 2023. New episodes of Dr Phil have continued to air on weekdays for over two decades, and the series is currently in the middle of its 2022-23 run. Once the new season has come to an end, McGraw will not be staying on as one of the most popular fixtures on US daytime TV. He has reportedly made the decision as his latest contract with CBS has come to an end. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit In 2018, the talk show star received a five-season renewal in a mega-deal extension with CBS Media Ventures. However, the contract will run its course through the final stretch of the 2023 season and McGraw has opted not to negotiate another. In a statement, he said: “I have been blessed with over 25 wonderful years in daytime television. “With this show, we have helped thousands of guests and millions of viewers through everything from addiction and marriage to mental wellness and raising children.” “This has been an incredible chapter of my life and career, but while I’m moving on from daytime, there is so much more I wish to do.” Although McGraw is stepping down from his daytime slot, he is by no means bringing an end to his long-standing TV career. The daytime stalwart has confirmed he’ll be eyeing a move towards primetime programming starting in 2024. “I am compelled to engage with a broader audience,” he added. DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters fans fume over Tammy’s ‘unacceptable’ behaviour [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii’s Kai death ‘sealed’ in haunting promo [VIDEO]Derry Girls star ‘laughed for 20 minutes’ after bagging Disney role [EXCLUSIVE] “Because I have grave concerns for the American family, and I am determined to help restore a clarity of purpose as well as our core values.” CBS will also continue to fill Dr Phil’s usual slot with repeats while offering other networks library episodes from the series. McGraw began his career in the late 90s, starting with his own segment on The Oprah Winfrey Show. Winfrey then helped her co-star launch his own series, which became an instant daytime hit in 2002. Dr Phil was second in the ratings to Winfrey for nearly 10 years before overtaking as the number one daytime show upon her exit in 2011. He has also proved invaluable for other programming on CBS, including serving as an executive producer on primetime dramas Bull and So Help Me Todd. CBS Media Ventures president Steve LoCascio said: “Phil is a valued partner and member of the CBS/King World family, and while his show may be ending after 21 years, I’m happy to say our relationship is not. “Phil changed the daytime landscape as the force behind one of the most popular talk shows ever on daytime TV. “We plan to be in the Dr Phil business with the library for years to come and welcome opportunities to work together in the future.” Dr Phil airs weekdays on CBS in the USA and CBS Reality in the UK.