The One Show star Alex Jones admitted she was having a "horrible" experience waiting for her beloved son to return from surgery earlier today. The 45-year-old revealed that he was having grommets inserted into his ears. Attaching a photo of his empty bed with nothing more than a tiny Peter Rabbit plush toy to decorate it, she agonised: "Just waiting for little Kit to come back from surgery." "He's just having some grommets in his ears, so nothing to worry about, but horrible nonetheless," the TV host confided. Kit has already been in hospital for procedures multiple times during his young life, making the experience all the more anxious for his mum. Less than a year ago, she'd admitted that waiting for him to complete a "routine" surgery had been "the longest morning of my life". READ NOW: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass David in pancake post Grommets are small tubes which are often inserted into the ears of patients suffering persistent ear infections. The tubes prevent a pesky build-up of fluid which can cause conditions such as "glue ear". It's believed that children are especially susceptible to this. The NHS website explains that a tiny hole is drilled into the ear drum to allow each tube to get through, and that it stays there for around six to 12 months before "falling out" naturally. The operation is not believed to be painful for most people, but poor Kit already spent at least two traumatic days in hospital last year, the most recent occasion being just four months ago. One was for a "routine operation", while back in November, the youngster broke his arm in two places, necessitating another emergency dash. Alex shared a photo of her forlorn looking son with followers at the time, quizzing: "Anybody else having a shocker of a day?!!! "First Kit breaks his arm in two places and now has a plaster cast," she agonised. DON'T MISS... Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST] Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES] Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE]  “To give you an idea, he hates socks that are slightly twisted…sleeves that are not pulled down just perfectly and now a cast for SIX WEEKS!!!" Unsurprisingly, the anxious host added: "He's not into it." The same day, her older son, Teddy, aged five at the time, was sent home from school with a high temperature. This only added to the chaos, although followers loved the unexpected snap she posted of him dressed in an Iron Man costume. Alex, who has been a regular fixture on The One Show since 2010, started her family late in life, but now has three much-loved kids. She welcomed Teddy at age 39, while Kit came along when she was 42 - and finally, her "little surprise", daughter Annie in 2021. Meanwhile, though she is now one of the BBC's biggest stars, her beginnings in the entertainment industry didn't always run smoothly. She recently shared an embarrassing moment, detailing how she'd lost famous performer Julian Lloyd-Webber's cello in an early career mishap. "[He] was furious - his eyebrows were going at a million miles an hour. He was so cross and rightly so!" she agonised on the How to Fail With Elizabeth Day podcast, before reassuring fans that it was found in the end.