 Earlier this month, Kate, Princess of Wales, stepped out on the BAFTA red carpet for the first time in three years. Accompanied by her husband Prince William, who has been president of the academy since February 2010, the royal rubbed shoulders with A-List celebrities and mingled with film and television stars. Kate wore a white, Grecian-style Alexander McQueen dress — the same gown she wore to the awards ceremony in 2019 — paired with a pair of black opera gloves. The look has proven to be divisive among royal fashion watchers, with some praising the Princess for stepping out of her comfort zone but others claiming there was something off.  Rachel Burchfield and Jessica Robinson, hosts of Podcast Royal, discussed Kate’s recent outfit on an episode of their podcast last week. The pair were not completely sold on the re-worn look, with Ms Robsinson arguing: “Something was just not right.” She explained: “I really liked the idea of a white dress with black gloves. I really liked the white dress. I liked the changes they made to it; I thought was really beautiful.” Together, however, the outfit made the commentator feel “uneasy” and “uncomfortable”. READ MORE: Kate takes inspiration from late Queen with her ‘daring’ power dress at BAFTAs awards  She added: “Something was just not right. Something was off. There is something about this that is just not right. I think someone on her team must really want her to take on this role of fashion icon, step outside of the box and be different, so I applaud them for that. I just think the pairing on this [look] was off.” Ms Robinson continued: “I think if it had been a really sleek, maybe silk, more tightly-fitted dress, the black gloves would have really worked. I like the individual pieces together, but something was off for me.” Her co-host agreed, saying: “That is my exact opinion. I love the dress, I love the gloves, but together, I don’t. The dress had too much detailing, too much going on and the gloves just didn't make sense.” Ms Burchfield went on to explain she understood Kate’s team “trying to submit her as a fashion icon and make her a little bit more edgy,” but said: “This particular look did not work.”  The Princess of Wales, whose style is often described as classic and timeless, has often been criticised for playing it ‘too safe’ when it comes to her fashion choices. Arienne Thompson, a former editor at USA Today, spoke of Kate in 2012, arguing: “Pretty girl with access to some great designers? Yes. Style icon? Not so much. She certainly helped breathe some new life into the royal family post-Diana, but unlike her oh-so-stylish late mother-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge rarely excites when it comes to her sartorial choices.” However, in recent years, some have insisted the future Queen has been taking more risks. According to one fashion expert, her BAFTAs outfit was her “most daring” yet — all because of her dramatic choice of accessory. Bethan Holt, fashion news and features director at The Telegraph, said Kate proved that “re-wearing an old dress need not make your outfit boring”.  She argued the Princess, who has previously been written off as “too a ‘safe’ dresser to be interesting,” proved naysayers wrong with her appearance on the red carpet. Writing for The Telegraph, Ms Holt said Kate was able to “transform a classic princessy evening gown into a daring look” through the addition of the black pair of opera gloves from Cornelia James, one of the late Queen Elizabeth II’s favourite brands. She continued: “This is Catherine’s first outing at the BAFTAs as Princess of Wales which makes the choice of those gloves an even more interesting one. Gloves are a staple accessory in the Royal Family and were a signature item which the late Queen Elizabeth rarely left the Palace without.” Although Podcast Royal’s hosts argued Kate’s team failed to establish her as a “fashion icon”, some would say the Princess has already earned her status as a major influence in the sartorial world.  Previous reports have calculated that ‘The Kate Effect’ is worth more than £1billion to the British fashion industry. Reporting for The Sunday Express in 2015, royal commentator Camilla Tominey explained that it is Kate’s safe style that means she has such an enormous influence on what women buy. She said: “Often when Kate wears something, it sells out within minutes, hours and days. And I suppose that is why Kate has an appeal with the fashionistas of the world as well as ordinary women; there’s an element of her being quite achievable and reachable in a fashion sense because she does wear stuff that you can buy online and teams it up with haute couture.” For her BAFTAs appearance, Kate combined the Alexander McQueen gown and Cornelia James gloves with a pair of Zara earrings. Shortly after, the earrings were sold out.