EastEnders is known for its larger than life characters and its explosive plots that often come out of the blue to stun fans. The BBC has been teasing an upcoming storyline that will involve some of the big female characters in Albert Square with little to no details on what it will be about. However, there won't be too long to wait now as this gripping episode is set to come out next week. EastEnders will be airing "an episode with a twist" that hasn't been seen before in Walford. The instalment in question is going to revolve around the lives of Albert Square's six matriarchs: Denise (Diane Parish), Kathy (Gillian Taylforth), Linda (Kellie Bright), Sharon (Letitia Dean), Stacey (Lacey Turner) and Suki (Balvinder Sopal). All six of the women are going to be settling in for the night at the Queen Vic, enjoying a few drinks together and a catch up. But they will shortly realise that "in a flash everything changes". READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore What the twist will be is still unclear, just days before the episode's release date. Making this a unique event in the EastEnders calendar is that BBC One and BBC iPlayer are going to simultaneously air the episode. This is so audiences can enjoy tuning into the twist at the same time without any spoilers. EastEnders is going to be showing this instalment on Monday, February 20, at 7.30pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Executive producer Chris Clenshaw said of the episode: “We’re all incredibly excited for Monday’s episode with six of Walford’s leading ladies at the fore. "What may seem like a regular day in Walford soon takes a twist and what transpires for each and every one of them is that in a flash everything changes. "This episode will leave the audience with a lot of questions and, what may seem like the end, is only just the beginning of some very big storylines that will play out this year.” Unsurprisingly, each of the women has had a fair share of drama in their lives as of late. DON'T MISS...Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [EXIT]EastEnders fans 'work out' Ryan's plan to take Lily's baby [THEORY]EastEnders' Eve Unwin terrified for Suki Panesar over Nish [SPOILER] Denise has been having a turbulent time with her husband Jack Branning (Scott Masden) and kissed Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara). Sharon Watts is still learning to cope with the death of her son Denny Watts (Bleu Landau) and is now looking at buying into the Queen Vic. Linda Carter continues to be in mourning after the death of Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) and is hoping to go into business with Sharon. Elsewhere, Kathy always seems to be busy, running the cafe and Prince Albert single-handedly and struggling for money. Elsewhere, Stacey Slater has also got her hands full with growing money issues, a number of kids and other family members living under one roof and her pregnant 12-year-old daughter Lily Slater (Lilia Turner) to see to. It didn't help when burger van's equipment was stolen or when Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott) threatened to give less child maintenance either. So what is going to happen next week that will tie all these women together? EastEnders continues four nights a week on BBC One.