The Russian President addressed his nation in a televised message for the first time since 2021. Referring to the conflict in Ukraine as "war" for the first time, he said: "They started the war and we used the force to stop it." The Russian leader had been calling his country's invasion of Ukraine "a special military operation" since the beginning of the war in February 2022. Putin has frequently justified his invasion of Ukraine by accusing Western countries of threatening Russia. They say nothing could be further from the truth, saying that Moscow's forces attacked Ukraine unprovoked. While the constitution mandates that the president deliver a speech annually, Putin never gave one in 2022, as his troops rolled into Ukraine and suffered repeated setbacks. Now the address comes days before the war's first anniversary on Friday. Before the speech, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the Russian leader would focus on the “special military operation” in Ukraine, as Moscow calls it, and Russia’s economy and social issues. Many observers also expect the speech to address Moscow’s fallout with the West. The West is aware that “it is impossible to defeat Russia on the battlefield,” so it launches “aggressive information attacks” against Russia by “misconstruing historical facts,” attacking Russian culture, religion and values, Putin said in the speech broadcast by all Russian state TV channels. He also issued a chilling warning of a World War 3 "global conflict" as he claimed the very existence of Russia was at stake. He said: "They intend to transform a local conflict into a phase of global confrontation. This is exactly how we understand it all and we will react accordingly, because in this case, we are talking about the existence of our country." In his first direct warning during the speech, Putin said: "The more long-range Western systems are being delivered to Ukraine, the farther we will be forced to move the threat from our borders." Citing another justification he has used for the war, Putin claimed his forces are protecting civilians in regions of Ukraine that Moscow has since illegally annexed. “We are defending people’s lives, our home,” he said. “And the West is striving for unlimited domination.” Underscoring the anticipation, some state TV channels put out a countdown for the event starting Monday, and Russia’s state news agency RIA Novosti on Tuesday morning said the address may be “historic.” The Kremlin this year has barred media from “unfriendly” countries, the list of which includes the US, the UK and those in the EU. Peskov said journalists from those nations will be able to cover the speech by watching the broadcast. READ MORE: Woman claiming to be Madeleine McCann will take DNA test  Leonid Slutsky, a senior Russian lawmaker and leader of the nationalist LDPR party, was quoted by RIA Novosti as saying that Putin would set priorities “that will deprive our enemies of the hope to defeat Russia, weaken it or try to subdue it to their neo-colonial leadership.” Political analyst Tatyana Stanovaya said the address “was expected to be very hawkish, aimed at defiantly breaking off relations with the West.” In the wake of US President Joe Biden's visit to Kyiv on Monday, “additional edits can be made to make it even harsher.” Peskov told reporters that the speech's delay had to do with Putin’s “work schedule,” but Russian media reports linked it to the multiple setbacks Russian forces have suffered on the battlefield in Ukraine. DON'T MISS:German girl claims she's found 'evidence' she is Madeleine McCann [INSIGHT]Ex-Navy head Putin will think UK 'won't fight' with current spending [ANALYSIS]Kate Forbes says she would have voted against gay marriage [VIDEO] The Russian president had postponed the state-of-the-nation address before: In 2017, the speech was rescheduled for early 2018. Last year the Kremlin has also canceled two other big annual events — Putin's press conference and a highly scripted phone-in marathon where people ask the president questions.