Liverpool will reportedly be undeterred from going after Mason Mount this summer, even if they splash out to sign Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund. The midfield duo could form the basis of Jurgen Klopp's revamp at Anfield, with significant business expected to be done at the end of the season after a quiet series of transfer windows. Bellingham will arguably be the most in-demand star on the summer transfer market, with his Dortmund exit virtually assured after spending three seasons in the Bundesliga. Mount could join him in the top bracket of available stars if his Chelsea contract talks continue to stall. Reports indicate that Mount and the Blues have shelved their efforts to agree on renewed terms until the summer. The England international - thought to be on £80,000 a week - is supposedly after a healthy pay increase while remaining hesitant over signing the kind of long-term deal handed out to Enzo Fernandez and Mykhaylo Mudryk. According to 90min, Liverpool would be 'very keen' to sign Mount in the summer, when he will have just 12 months remaining on his deal at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Man Utd takeover LIVE - Glazers make Ten Hag decision The Chelsea youth product has a market value of £67million, although he could be available for a significantly lower price with the Blues under pressure to cash in at the end of the season, with the risk of losing him for free in 2024 hanging over their heads. And that's just as well, with Bellingham set to cost in excess of £100m for whichever suitors wins the race for his signature. Along with Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid are said to have shown serious interest in the 19-year-old, while Chelsea are also keen to join the party. DON'T MISS...Arsenal ace Oleksandr Zinchenko compares Saka to Messi and RonaldoPSG star Neymar stretchered off in tears with nasty-looking injuryArsenal tipped to blow title unless Arteta fixes 'dangerous' problem The same 90min report adds that transfer interest in Mount will not impact the Reds' pursuit of Bellingham, or that of Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes for that matter. Although Bellingham remains Liverpool's top target, the likes of Mount and Nunes are seen as 'complementary' players to the English prodigy. It remains to be seen whether Klopp will be given the funds to complete such a drastic overhaul, with Fenway Sports Group chief John W. Henry admitting on Monday, contrary to previous reports, that the club were not up for sale. Instead, outside investment is being sought for a minority stake, which at least gives the Reds greater certainty over their immediate financial future.  A wave of midfield recruits would almost certainly coincide with a rush of exits in the same department. Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are both out of contract in the summer and expected to leave for free. James Milner is now 37 years old, while on-loan Juventus star Arthur Melo is unlikely to have his temporary stint made permanent after a disastrous few months on Merseyside. Klopp can at least relish in the emergence of teenage star Stefan Bajcetic, who has lit up Anfield with accomplished performances in recent weeks.