The former Call the Midwife star is set to appear in Netflix's popular series You for the fourth run as Kate, someone who gets in the way of Joe Goldberg's (played by Penn Badgley) latest obsession. Despite working on a big set such as Call the Midwife, Charlotte admitted that she found turning up to film You "nerve-wracking" but "exciting". In the new trailer for You, Joe is trying to resist the urge to become obsessed with Kate but as history has shown, that doesn't last long. According to Netflix’s character description, Kate won’t be persuaded by Goldberg’s seduction abilities right away, as she “strongly suspects something about him is not what it seems.” Discussing what she felt like during her first-day filming, Charlotte told Radio Times: "I had a similar feeling, where the show was already quite a big hit. "I was coming on as a new character. It was nerve-wracking, but it’s also always exciting starting a new job. It’s good to feel a little bit scared. I don’t want to feel too comfy.” READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' Charlotte's character is outspoken about her dislike of Joe from the offset after he worms his way into her friendship group, a bunch of elite, privileged members of society. Kate is a world away from playing Barbara in Call the Midwife, as her character's death devastated fans of the series. When she first arrived in Poplar, Baraba was hired to replace Nurse Cynthia Miller (Bryony Hannah) and immediately became a fan favourite. Her death came as a shock to many fans of the series after she ended up contracting septicaemia caused by meningitis. The diagnosis was found to have caused irreparable damage, with three of her fingers having tissue damage after failing to recover from the blood poisoning. Barbara’s husband Tom Hereward (Jack Ashton) and Nurse Phyllis Crane (Linda Bassett) stayed by her bedside after they were told there was nothing more that could be done to save her. Fans will remember that Barabra initially seemed to be recovering after being taken to hospital but took an unexpected turn before she died towards the end of the series. After her departure from the show, Charlotte spoke to ITV's Lorraine Kelly about the reasons she decided to leave. DON'T MISS...Countryfile backlash as fans scream at BBC over Adam mining segment [LATEST]Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [WATCH] Charlotte explained: "I knew it was going to happen and I still howled like a child. I have known for a long time and I was wishing I wouldn't cry. "It was just everything, I love it so much and I think it was done beautifully and I feel really proud. "Over four years, we do it for six months in the year so you end up seeing them [cast] more than you see your friends and family, they become that, that has been the biggest thing, to say goodbye to all of that." She added: "It was such a hard decision to make, I love it. It is the most wonderful job but it was the sort of time to go I think. Barbara had such a gorgeous arc, it felt like the right time and to keep moving." The synopsis for season four of the hit Netflix show reads: "After his previous life went up in flames, Joe Goldberg has fled to Europe to escape his ‘messy’ past, adopt a new identity, and, of course, to pursue true love. "But Joe soon finds himself in the strange new role of reluctant detective as he discovers he may not be the only killer in London. "Now, his future depends on identifying and stopping whoever’s targeting his new friend group of uber-wealthy socialites…” Read the full interview with Charlotte Ritchie now at RadioTimes.co.uk.