Ben Affleck was at the 2023 Grammy Awards with wife Jennifer Lopez as she presented the gong for Best Pop Vocal Album - but at times, he could scarcely have looked less enthusiastic. The 50-year-old was stony-faced and rigid as he watched Stevie Wonder's performance of Higher Ground, while Jennifer danced excitedly beside him. At times, Ben had looked downright despondent, even when watching 25-time Grammy winner Stevie. His facial expressions have been the object of amusing memes for years, and this weekend's awards ceremony was no exception. He looked equally stony-faced as he joined Jennifer backstage when she warmly congratulated Big Bunny on his win. Meanwhile, Twitter fans joked that he looked as though he would prefer to be anywhere in the world than at the show. READ NOW: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles @elamin88 joked: "Whoever keeps cutting to Ben Affleck as he gets more and more exasperated, thank you." @mitpool chimed in: "He looks like he'd rather be at the dentist than the Grammys." Some fans jokingly wanted to stage an intervention. "Ben Affleck, blink if you're okay," quipped @chicksintheoff, attaching a close-up photo of Ben's expressionless face. Jennifer could scarcely stop grinning as she modelled a sheer navy blue dress studded with Swarovski crystals. However, having one of the world's most beautiful women by his side at this month's most prestigious showbiz event seemed not to be enough to break Ben out of his daze - and the memes kept coming. Some compared him to a disgruntled dog who'd been bathed against his will, sharing pictures of canines with their heads wrapped in towels. @zoectjones enquired: "Why does Ben Affleck look like he's 10 minutes away from crying during a much needed smoke break?" But one user named Dylan defended the actor, quipping: "God bless Ben Affleck, openly bored out of his mind at the Grammys. The only honest man in the room." DON'T MISS... Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [HEALTH] Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW] Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INSIGHT]  Ben's almost motionless body stood out a mile in comparison to Jennifer, who jived delightedly alongside him. The star of The Last Duel had notably looked more enthusiastic when he was handing out snacks at a Dunkin' Donuts drive-in store in his home state of Massachusetts last month. It was believed that he was filming a TV commercial to be aired during the Superbowl, and he is said to have earned millions of dollars from the venture. In spite of Ben's nonchalance, it was an eventful night, with Beyonce making a triumphant comeback and scooping more awards than anyone in the history of the Grammys. 