Lewis Hamilton has been admonished by Former IndyCar driver James Hinchcliffe for his views on the FIA's plans to ban tyre blankets in F1. The sport's governing body are planning to hold crunch talks with F1 teams and Formula One Management (FOM) at this year's British Grand Prix on whether or not to go ahead with banning electrical tyre-warming tools from 2024. It's not the first time there has been talk of tyre blankets being outlawed with the hope a ban would help the sport's sustainability as well as being most cost-effective. But drivers have been opposed to the idea due to safety concerns with Hamilton calling it "dangerous". He said: “I’ve tested the no blankets, and there is going to be an incident at some stage. So, I think it is the wrong decision. The more concern is when you go out: you are skating around and it is very twitchy. If someone else is on tyres that are working, you can easily collide with them. So, it is a pointless exercise.” But F1 analyst Hinchcliffe, who drove without tyre warmers during his IndyCar career, can't understand why Hamilton would be opposed to the change. "I am amazed by the reticence of Formula 1 drivers when it comes to banning the tyre warmers," he wrote on Twitter.  "It makes for better racing, you can show skill with it and it saves a lot of money and pollution in terms of freight and energy consumption. The argument that it's dangerous has been refuted multiple times in several other four-wheeled disciplines. "Recent claims that it is less durable 'because you need more fuel to get the tyres up to temperature' are also incorrect. Cold tyres mean less throttle pressure and higher lap times, which means less fuel is used. used up.  "Perhaps Pirelli's first test tyres were not suitable, but the same supplier has managed to introduce such tyres in Formula 2 without any problems. Give them the time they need and this will absolutely be the future of Formula 1. "However, it is disturbing that 50 per cent of the teams have to agree to get the rule through." Pirelli chief Mario Isola responded to Hamilton's complaints, insisting the change is necessary to help the sport "achieve carbon neutrality by 2023". “Any step to make our sport more sustainable is important and one of these steps is to remove blankets, to avoid using electricity to warm up the tyre before we use it," he said. “We tested before the Christmas break some wet weather tires, that was also our priority because last year, drivers were not happy about where they were on tyres. We found a new compound that is able to work without blankets."