Christine Bowden, 44, lives with her partner and six children in Fulham, West London. The flat they rent had become so mouldy over the years that the bathroom was rendered unusable. The mould even caused the bathroom tiles to fall off the wall and exacerbated some of the children's breathing difficulties. Christine told MyLondon that she had been having problems with water leaking through her bathroom ceiling since she moved in eight years ago. At first, it was once every couple of months, she claimed, but it became a bi-weekly occurrence in 2019. The mother-of-seven, who lives with six of her children, said she complained to her local council, Hammersmith and Fulham in south-west London, but nothing was done about the leak. By 2020, water was dripping through the flat's ceiling up to four times a week. Christine would measure "two-and-a-half pints of water each time". READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ The leak caused mould to develop on the bathroom walls, as well as the ceiling, and it got so bad that "tiles began falling off the wall". This was a major health and safety hazard as Christine said she was "terrified" the tiles might fall on one of her children. "We don't like using that room because the black mould in there is disgusting," Christine said. The 44-year-old deemed the room too dangerous to use and, therefore, with only one bathroom in the flat, the family were forced to wash at Christine's parents' house. The family's toilet is in a separate room and thus could be used. DON'T MISS‘Easy’ DIY steps to fix a 'cold-bottom' radiator ‘yourself’ [EXPERT]Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [TIPS]‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould [COMMENT] However, two of Christine's children, aged five and two, have breathing difficulties, which can be exacerbated by black mould. The five-year-old child's paediatrician said the bathroom was "completely unsafe for his breathing difficulties". "She is disgusted that we have been left in that condition," Christine explained. The paediatrician wrote to Hammersmith and Fulham council, as did the neonatal nurse who visited Christine when her youngest children, twins, were born. The council told MyLondon they have no record of these concerns on file. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving Christine herself has complained to the council "over 20 times" over the last three years. Her health has also been impacted due to her living condition as it has made her anxiety and depression worse. "I'm angry at the council's lack of responsibility and lack of care," she said, before adding: "It's disgusting." Christine didn't want to be rehoused as she said: "I love the estate we live on." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, she wanted the council to install a fully-functioning, safe bathroom as soon as possible. The council said last week that it will move Christine and her family into a new property as repair work gets underway in their flat. A Hammersmith and Fulham spokesperson said: "We have offered Ms Bowden and her family a new property temporarily while works are completed. A full mould wash and all lighting repairs will be finished on February 2. "The works to repair the tiling will start on February 11. We have investigated the cause of this delay with our contractors to ensure it doesn't happen again."