Earlier this week, EastEnders' Ryan Malloy (played by Neil McDermott) decided to make his way back to Albert Square after discovering his 12-year-old daughter Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) was pregnant. However, Ryan’s unplanned return has raised some eyebrows with viewers as they suspect he has ulterior motives Fans of the BBC soap saw Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) confess she missed her brother while speaking to him on the phone before letting out the news about his daughter. Stunned to learn his daughter is expecting a baby, much sooner than Lily’s mum, Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) wanted him to, he decided to come back to see them for the first time in six years. Making an unannounced visit, the duo quickly caught up as he offered to support Lily and the baby financially. Although a proud Stacy refused, her daughter was blown away by her dad splashing the cash as he paid for her lunch, gave her a gift card and even offered to take her shopping later on. READ MORE:Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore    During Thursday night’s episode, viewers saw Ryan offer Lily to go back with him to Wakefield to live with him and his wife Helen. Trying to sway her decision, he told the 12-year-old she’d have her own bedroom, a garden and her unborn baby would be able to have their own paddling pool. Throughout the instalment, Lily was torn between staying in Walford or going with her dad, aware that her mum was already in a financial strain before the baby made its arrival. However, BBC fans were quick to call out her dad as they think he’s getting close to his daughter for a much more sinister reason.  Queenbaro_ wrote: “Why do I feel like Ryan is going to end up kidnapping Lily’s baby#Eastenders.” RyanTheSoapking said: “Lily turn against Ryan in the end. Ryan was so methodical in his manipulation with Lily tonight. Saying that moving away was 'Lily's own choice' when Ryan manipualted her into that choice just so he can have a child of his own because he can't have one.” Realseanslater commented: “Hmm. I think Ryan will be back after lily's baby is born…” StVitusDance tweeted: “Ryan doesn't want Ricky or Lily ..just the baby.”  DON'T MISS... Stacey Solomon gesture makes Sort Your Life Out guest break down [VIDEO] Emmerdale's Bob Hope and Bernice Blackstock accused of an affair [SPOILER] EastEnders fans crying as they fear Linda Carter derails without Mick [REACTION]   Mlawelshgirl said: “That’s all Ryan cares about is the baby his teenage daughter is carrying.” Rosskiernan_ added: “Yeah Ryan just wants the baby, to be honest, this is not going to end well #EastEnders” Wee_Westie29 wrote: “I genuinely think Lily is going to give Ryan and Helen her baby instead of her living with them once it's born or she'll stay over there until she has the baby and Ryan and Helen will adopt it, as she heard Stacey's conversation about money problems." Elsewhere in the soap, viewers continue to watch tensions grow between Denise Fox (Diane Parish) and Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara) following their kiss on Valentine’s Day. Giving in to temptation, Denise will spend a night with Ravi at a hotel next week as the tension between them continues to grow.    Speaking about the love triangle, actress Diane Parish told Digital Spy it isn't smooth sailing for Denise as she prepares to join Ravi at the hotel. She commented: “But the one thing I will say, and I hope this comes across in the whole story is that Denise doesn’t want to go. “Really, she wants Jack to save her from all of this. Denise would give anything for Jack to turn around and say all of the things that Ravi has said and give her all of the excitement and validation that Ravi has given her. “She would give anything for that to come from Jack. She doesn’t want to go and she would give anything not to go." EastEnders continues weeknights on BBC One from 7:30pm  