The NBA has announced new plans to connect with its audience through the league’s app - including a startling new feature which allows for fans to scan and replace a player in a live game. The introduction of the technology has left fans stunned while suggesting their own plans for what they will do with their avatar. At Friday’s Tech Summit ahead of the All-Star Weekend, NBA Commissioner Adam Silver introduced new features to allow fans to enjoy a more personalised live game streaming experience. There were a whole host of options on show, but it was the feature that allows fans to scan their own avatar into a live NBA game via the official app to replace and NBA player which generated the most waves. The league tweeted a video of Commissioner Silver scanning and inserting legendary host Ahmad Rashad into a live Utah Jazz game. Rashad’s avatar took on the skills of the player he replaced, breezing past a defender before slamming home a vicious dunk to the amazement of the audience. “This will be in a live game,” Silver told Rashad as he watched his avatar. “You will be inserted into the game, you’ll be making all the same movements [the NBA player] was, but it’ll look like it’s your body.” READ MORE: NBA fans tear into Durant after Sun star's "one of the best" claim Four-time NBA All-Star Luka Doncic then joined Silver and Rashad on stage to introduce Luk.AI, his AI alter-ego. The virtual Dallas Mavericks star can supposedly interact with fans around the world and create new, personalised experiences in which Doncic’s avatar can communicate with the user. In addition to the avatar and Luka.AI, the future app will offer fans more customised experiences when tuning into NBA games. These include a wider selection of alternate languages, celebrity commentary, the ability to transport the game to virtual locations, new animated graphics, integrated betting and enhanced camera angles. These are just some examples of the technology the NBA has been adding to provide content to fans in new advanced ways. As most fans cannot attend games and have never been, the NBA has been looking for ways to ensure its followers remain connected, with much of that strategy arriving in the form of better streaming options and access to more highlights. DON'T MISSJordan at 60 - Barkley beef, LeBron James view, what NBA icon does nowLeBron James slammed over Anthony Davis and Los Angeles Lakers tradesIme Udoka 'replaced' as Boston Celtics head coach after NBA suspension Back in October, the Los Angeles Clippers led the way as the franchise launched a direct-to-consumer product with six different streaming options, with more in the pipeline. The NBA’s digital platform, which powers the league’s updated app, was the vehicle the Clippers utilised to make their idea - ‘ClipperVision’ - a reality. The technology drive by the NBA won’t stop there: last month, the NBA and WNBA expanded partnerships with Meta Quest. The virtual reality company claimed fans can watch NBA, WNBA, G League and 2K League games and content on XTADIUM and Meta Horizon Worlds, while they are also planning to launch more than 50 live NBA games in VR on Meta Quest with 180-degree virtual reality. However, some fans weren't entirely impressed with the technology. Twitter user Travonne Edwards (@Travonne) said: "We just want refs to make the right call." Solo (@YT_Solo) thought it was 'wild', while Prince J. Grimes added: "If this is anything like 2k's face scan, the body dysmorphia bout to be insane."