Bird flu could become better adapted to mammals and spill over to other animals and even humans. This is the warning of experts from the World Organisation for Animal Health (WOAH), who have raised particular concern over recent infections in mink farms. The close proximity of the animals in these settings, they warned, exacerbates the risk of new strains and subtypes evolving that are more harmful to humans and other animals. At present, thankfully, bird flu strains like H5N1 — which is behind the current outbreaks — do not infect humans easily. In fact, fewer than 900 cases have been known since 1997. However, in the rare cases that they do, they can have mortality rates as high as 50 percent. In the UK, specifically, the H5N1 strain has been recently confirmed in foxes and otters — as well as in four dead seals found across parts of Scotland.  The majority of these cases — 145 — have been in England, with 20 in Scotland, five in Wales and one case in Northern Ireland. Another 130 cases were logged in England in the previous year, bringing the total number of infections to 280 since the outbreak began in October 2021. The most recent outbreak, recorded yesterday, was located among commercially housed poultry at a premises near the town of Woodhall Spa in Lincolnshire. READ MORE: Expert warns concerning bird flu crisis could herald the next pandemic In a statement, a WOAH spokesperson said: “The current avian influenza situation has been raising concerns within the international community. “Since October 2021, an unprecedented number of outbreaks have been reported in several regions of the world, reaching new geographical areas and causing devastating impacts on animal health and welfare. “The disease puts at risk global food security and the livelihoods of those who depend on poultry farming. “It has also led to an alarming rate of wild bird die-offs and has affected other wildlife including sea and land mammals.”  The WOAH spokesperson added: “The current situation highlights the risk that H5N1 avian influenza may become better adapted to mammals, and spill over to humans and other animals. “Several studies are currently on-going to further explore the virulence and transmissibility (including between mammals) of these viruses. “In collaboration with its network of experts, the World Organisation for Animal Health is closely monitoring the situation to assess the risks to animals and humans.” WOAH is calling on its members around the world to maintain enhanced surveillance for the virus in domestic and wild birds, implement measures to contain the spread of the disease — in particular around mink farms — and help protect humans who are in close contact with poultry or sick domestic or wild animals. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as gas prices tipped to plummet after he 'loses' [ANALYSIS]Brexit Britain to 'go it alone' and snub £85bn EU scheme for new deal [REPORT]Fusion milestone as UK firm builds 'crucial' part for limitless energy [INSIGHT]  The warning from WOAH comes less than a week after the World Health Organisation (WHO) announced that the risk posed by H5N1 is “low”, but there remains a need to be vigilant. WHO Director-General Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told a press conference: “Since H5N1 first emerged in 1996 we have only seen rare and non-sustained transmission of H5N1 to and between humans “We cannot assume that will remain the case and we must prepare for any change in the status quo. “As always, people are advised not to touch or collect dead or sick wild animals but to report them to the local authorities. “WHO is working with national authorities and partners to monitor the situation closely and to study cases of H5N1 infection in humans when they occur.”