Todd Boehly has reportedly not held conversations with Hansi Flick over the Chelsea job despite being seen at Stamford Bridge for the 0-0 draw with Fulham on Friday. Current boss Graham Potter has been under pressure after a series of underwhelming performances with the Blues currently languishing in ninth position, 10 points off the Champions League places. Chelsea have struggled for form at times this season domestically and are currently on a run of just 2 wins in their last 11 games. There have been calls for Potter to be relieved of his duties as a result however it does not look like happening anytime soon. Reports have repeatedly stated that the club’s hierarchy are prepared to stick by the former coach as the maintain their full confidence in his long-term project. The Englishman has been heavily backed in the transfer market, with the Blues spending over £290million in January as Boehly seeks to replicate the kind of success Arsenal and Liverpool have experienced after they stood by their managers. However, this has not deterred speculation over Potter’s future and the rumour mill went into overdrive after Germany manager Flick was spotted at Stamford Bridge on Friday. These rumours have since been quashed by transfer guru Fabrizio Romano who insists no conversations have taken place between the two parties. DON'T MISS: Man Utd opponents Barcelona suffer key injury blows ahead of clash “Germany manager Hansi Flick was spotted at Stamford Bridge, so there’s inevitably been speculation about the Chelsea job,” he explained in his column for Caught Offside. “However, Flick has just committed to the Germany job until the Euros a few weeks ago and this is his full focus. I’m not aware of any conversation with Chelsea.” Flick has also been under pressure in his current job after Germany experienced a dismal World Cup in Qatar. The four-time champions were knocked out in the group stage for the second consecutive time but the former Bayern Munich manager has been able to hold on to his job for now. Meanwhile, Potter took heart from the performance against Fulham on Friday night despite the Blues failing to score for the second time in as many matches. The 47-year-old insisted that the goals and wins would come as more players returned from injured and the side got it's fluidity back.  "I think a lot of positivity and good feeling, especially from the start of the game. The crowd helped with that as well, and within the team there is a good feeling," he said. "But I agree, we didn't do enough in our attacking play to create more, which is something we need to do. “I think you saw a team against us who defend very well and are very organised. That bit of connection, bit of fluidity, at the standard you need we lacked a bit which is understandable because we've got players coming back from injury and new players in the team. That's just where we're at at the moment."