Daniel Ricciardo has admitted he was not annoyed at Red Bull’s decision to deny him a chance to make an F1 appearance in front of his home fans. Ricciardo was considered likely to drive Red Bull’s demonstration laps ahead of the iconic Bathurst 12 Hour event on Saturday. But, Super Formula rookie Liam Lawson got the nod to drive Sebastian Vettel’s 2011 RB7. Instead, Ricciardo helped the team with its launch event in New York on Friday as they lifted the covers off its new 2023 challenger. However, Ricciardo admitted he was fine with the decision as he was “still in holiday mode”. Ricciardo explained: “It is all good. "I am still kind of in holiday mode so that seems [too] serious for me right now. A 110cc dirt bike is all I can handle right now!" The 33-year-old still stressed he would love to drive around the iconic Mount Panorama circuit. READ MORE: Daniel Ricciardo 'envious' of Verstappen as he takes up Red Bull role The track is considered one of the most dangerous in the world and is used for the 12-hour sports car race and Australian Supercar events. F1 has never raced at the circuit with Jenson Button last completing a demonstration lap back in 2011 in Lewis Hamilton’s title-winning MP4-23. Ricciardo added: “I went as a kid ages ago in a rental car, I have never been there for an actual event so I will get there at some point one day. I still would like to drive something in anger around there, even if it is not competitively, even if someone gives me their car for one day to do some laps." Ricciardo moved to Red Bull as a reserve driver after he was ditched by McLaren last year. According to Christian Horner, Ricciardo will play a “key” role behind the scenes as the team aims to secure a third consecutive Drivers’ Championship. DON'T MISSDaniel Ricciardo to play 'key' Red Bull role in Max Verstappen push [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen plans to deny Daniel Ricciardo Red Bull simulator time [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris admits what he 'hated' with Daniel Ricciardo relationship [COMMENT] However, he stressed much of the eight-time race winner's role will involve commercial opportunities and supporting the two drivers. Ricciardo will get some time in the simulator and get behind the wheel through tyre testing programmes. Elaborating on his role in New York, Ricciardo explained: “Just trying to figure out what trends we are starting to see because even if they are winning every race, no car is perfect. "You are always trying to chase something so try and kind of understand the direction they want the car to go in and develop. If I have an idea or something maybe I have learned in the last few years racing with other teams perhaps. I’ll try and lend some guidance or advice or something for me to test in the simulator and try to give feedback if it's positive."