King Charles III and the Queen Consort will be crowned alongside each other in May, with the royal couple set to break away from a key tradition as it has been deemed "too dated". The King has reportedly opted against wearing the traditional uniform of silk stockings and breeches. The King is expected to wear military dress instead, with additional reports suggesting that the 74-year-old will wear his Admiral of the Fleet uniform. Also for the Coronation service, the King and Queen Consort will have two brand-new thrones made for them to sit on. The royal couple's Coronation service will take place on May 6, 2023 in London. In keeping with royal tradition, the King will sit in the historic Coronation chair for the crowning and anointing section of the ceremony. READ MORE: Harry Coronation dilemma could 'threaten' Charles and William's bond in huge risk for Firm The Coronation chair was commissioned by King Edward I in 1296. The King will be the 27th monarch in history to be crowned upon the chair, which is said to be the oldest piece of furniture in the United Kingdom. The Daily Mail reports that each monarch has their own unique Throne chair for the enthronement part of the Coronation. A Palace souce confirmed: "There is always a new throne for a new monarch, and this will be no exception." READ MORE: Meghan Markle to distance herself from Prince Harry as Duchess's 'priority' is rebranding King Charles will be seated upon a raised dais, with Camilla seated on a lower level. Camilla will also have her own unique throne. Unlike the late Queen's throne, Charles' new throne will carry the Tudor Crown. DON'T MISS It is thought that a team of specialist craftsmen trained through the Prince's Foundation could be selected to make the King's throne. Despite the archaic nature of the Coronation, King Charles has previously promised to modernise some parts of the ceremony, as well as taking into consideration the current cost-of-living crisis. The King's service will reportedly last 90 minutes, compared to the late Queen's, which lasted three hours and will also have a slimmed down guest list, dissimilar to his late mother's service in 1953. The Coronation service will take place at Westminster Abbey, which is where the late Queen got crowned in 1953, on May 6.