Kate Middleton, 41, and Prince William, 40, began dating at the University of St Andrew's in Scotland in 2001. The Princess of Wales has many exciting pieces of jewellery that she has received from her husband over the years. Royal fan @Canellelabelle tweeted: "During their eight-year courtship, William gifted Catherine with symbolic rings. "After three years, he gave her a rose gold ring encrusted with their birthstones: pearls (for William) and garnets (for Catherine) by LeVian. "The jewellery house said: 'They symbolise his love, purity and protection. Catherine wore the ring at their graduation in 2005." READ MORE: Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others    Prince William gave Kate this understated Victorian rose gold band while they were studying at St Andrew's, and she was photographed wearing it at her graduation ceremony in the summer of 2005. Thought to be the first piece of jewellery Kate received from her future husband, it carries a special significance, set with pearls (William's birthstone) and garnets (Kate's). However, the Princess of Wales has not been spotted wearing it since her engagement announcement. Eddie LeVian, the CEO of LeVian jewellers, spoke of the huge significance of the simple ring, which the Prince gave to Kate while they were students at St Andrew's University. He told Express.co.uk: "This beautiful, delicate ring is understated in style, but the very personal message hidden within it from a future King makes it an enormously romantic royal jewel." The ring is a rose gold band with pearls and garnets - Kate and William's birthstones. She famously wore it to their graduation ceremony, which was attended by King Charles as well as the Middleton family. Mr LeVian said: "It’s no surprise Kate was seen wearing it at her graduation. This was a milestone marking her own achievements but also a day which put her on the threshold of a new chapter in her life together with William beyond university.   READ MORE: Kate avoided 'wardrobe malfunction' at wedding 'with help of Sophie' "The ring is adorned with both Kate and William’s birthstones, in a celebration of their bond and the beginning of their intertwined destiny." Kate and William went through two painful breakups during their seven-year courtship, earning Kate the unflattering nickname "Waity Katie". But on October 20, 2010, almost a decade after they first met, William finally got down on one knee and asked Kate to be his wife. The proposal was just as romantic as you would expect from a Prince, and he whisked her off to Kenya to pop the question.   The couple travelled around the country before heading to Lake Rutundu, which William had decided was the perfect place for the special moment. According to royal expert Katie Nicholl, he booked a log cabin for their stay and the couple spent the day fishing, albeit unsuccessfully, for rainbow trout. She claims that when they returned home William took Kate out onto the veranda, got down on one knee and proposed. Other jewellery items that William has gifted Kate include a pair of earrings for their first Christmas as a married couple, Princess Diana’s engagement ring of course, and a diamond eternity ring purchased just after Prince George’s birth. 