Clarkson's Farm is back and it saw Jeremy Clarkson struggle to deal with the fallout of Brexit. Thankfully, land agent Charlie Ireland was on hand to juggle the numbers and offer plenty of support. Fans are keen to find out more about Charlie's personal life and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Jeremy often pokes fun at Charlie for putting a downer on all of his plans and ideas. However, Charlie was very enthusiastic about Jeremy opening a new restaurant, selling beef he had raised on the farm. After a few back and forths with the local council, the pair found a solution as they transformed a dilapidated barn on Jeremy's land. Following the restaurant's successful opening day, Charlie said Jeremy should be proud of his achievements. Seeing a more upbeat and positive side to Charlie has urged fans to find out more about him. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm's land is among the biggest in the local area One of his favourite things to do is spend time with his family, including his children. He has sons, although the number of children he has is not known and their ages have not been disclosed. His profile on Ceres Rural, for which he is managing partner, says: "He loves spending time with his family." "And will soon struggle to come to terms with the fact his sons are faster, stronger and hit a cricket ball further than he can." He has worked for Ceres Rural since April 2021, saying he has "20 years of experience providing leading farm management and consultancy advice to clients across the West and South East of England". His LinkedIn profile continues: "Specialising in farm management and strategic planning. Implementing the plan is the exciting part of the job. "The ultimate goal is to make a real difference to the future of a business." Before this, he worked as an agricultural consultant for Strutt and Parker, from August 2000 to March 2021. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson under fire from dyslexic lawyer after comment on show Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce Dilwyn Evans is Jeremy Clarkson's vet in Clarksosn's Farm season 2 He studied agriculture at the University of Nottingham between 1996 and 1999. During his time at Strutt and Parker, Charlie explained how farms would need to innovate to drive their businesses forward in a world of new technology. He said: “Some of the biggest changes in farming could come from technology. “There has been a huge uptake in technology in recent years, but there is a feeling that even what is currently available is not being used to its full potential. "We need to be much better at using technology to guide decision-making.” He shared the same ethos with Jeremy as he explained the amateur farmer would need to come up with new ways of making income. Jeremy decided to buy some chickens and cows, as the chickens would help fertilise the fields. He used some of the cows for breeding and some were used for beef in his new restaurant.  Clarkson's Farm season 2 is on Amazon Prime Video and the series has been renewed for a third season.