Spring is just weeks away which means it's time to look ahead to warmer weather and new plants in the garden. Daffodils, tulips and crocuses are just some of the beautiful plants we have to look forward to in spring. However, it's also important not to ignore the plants you already have in your garden which have developed over the winter months. Plants such as pansies, winter heather, snowdrops and primroses are just some of the plants that have brightened up your garden during the winter. With this in mind, gardening expert and director of Easy Garden Irrigation, Sean Lade has shared his guide to watering popular flowers like pansies, primroses and snowdrops this month. He said: “Winter gardening can be tricky but rewarding. There are many beautiful flowers out there that will brighten up your garden during the winter months when given the proper care and maintenance. Here are four of my all-time favourites and how to best care for them..." Winter pansies are hardy flowers that love cooler weather and will tolerate frost well. They will grow well in borders and planters, in sun and in partial shade. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn mould around my window - photos  Sean said: "It’s hard to go wrong with these lovely flowers. However, they do require regular watering—at least once a week—during their blooming period. "This is especially important during dry spells or if there has been little rainfall. Deadheading is also necessary to ensure a healthier plant and increased flowering." Primroses are known for their bright colours and delicate petals. They come in a range of colours and shades from yellow to red, lilac and blue. Primroses, like pansies, grow in partial shade and sun but like moist soil. DON'T MISSFour ‘very offensive’ plants ‘effective’ at deterring rats [INSIGHT]‘Effective and safe’ tips to stop cats and foxes pooing in your garden [UPDATE]Use natural method that 'takes no time at all' to descale kettle [ANALYSIS] Ensure primroses are watered at least once a week during dry periods or when there hasn't been a lot of rain. Snowdrops often appear as early as January and February and will even push through frozen and snow-covered ground. Snowdrops and winter heather needs "very little maintenance" over the winter months as both plants are quite hardy. The plants can also survive both frosts and cold temperatures, making them the perfect winter garden plant. READ MORE: Top four ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove mould and condensation Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, it’s still recommended that you give snowdrops and winter heather an occasional drink of water at least once every two weeks during dry periods or if there has been little rainfall. Sean added: "If you’re lucky to have a nice, sunny and dry winter and would have to water your plants, make sure to focus on their base rather than the foliage. "Too much water on the top of the plant may lead to fungal diseases or mildew that could be lethal to your plants. "Remove any dead leaves and flowers to keep them all healthy and you'll have no problem creating a stunning floral display all season.” Snowdrops that are in the green can be planted in February and March. Dry snowdrop bulbs need to be planted in October and November. Snowdrops don’t need to be pruned but flowers should be deadheaded once they’re spent. This allows more energy to be concentrated back into the bulb.