The parents of a nine-month-old baby who choked to death at a nursery have paid tribute to their "beloved" son after being given the "shocking" news that an investigation into his death has been dropped. The probe into little Oliver Steeper's death has now been closed by the police and Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), it has emerged.   Parents Lewis and Zoe Steeper are "hugely disappointed and shocked" at the initial findings and have vowed to "leave no stone unturned". They say they are "far from deterred," however, and have instructed specialist solicitors Leigh Day and filed an appeal with the CPS, reports Kent Live. Oliver Steeper suffered a medical emergency in September 2021 while at the Jelly Beans Day Nursery in Ashford, Kent. He died in hospital on September 29, six days later. Oliver’s parents received the news the CPS had reached a decision on the criminal case and investigation at the end of 2022 (December 9). They said the initial investigation into the case had concluded the nursery’s policies and procedures had been of poor quality. They went on to claim "no accountability for our son’s tragic and avoidable death will prevail at this moment in time". The Jelly Beans Day Nursery was forced to close by Ofsted after it raised "serious safeguarding concerns" and suspended its registration.  In a statement, the couple said: "On the 9th December 2022 at 1800 we received the news that the Crown Prosecution Service had reached a decision on the criminal case and investigation into the death of our beloved son Oliver Keith Steeper who died following choking on food whilst in the trusted care of Jelly Beans Day Nursery in Ashford, Kent in September 2021. "Whilst the initial investigation concluded that the nursery’s policies and procedures were 'of poor quality and inconsistent' no accountability for our son’s tragic and avoidable death will prevail at this moment in time. "We have serious concerns as to whether or not management chose to ignore ratio guidelines, on a day of high staff sickness, therefore operating without ratio and paediatric first aid forefront. "This will be forever engraved into our hearts as a constant pain. "We are hugely disappointed and shocked at the initial decision, but we are far from deterred.  "We have now instructed specialist solicitors Leigh Day, who have lodged our appeal with the Crown Prosecution Service. "We will leave no stone unturned as we feel that many key aspects of what happened on that day have been missed or ignored by the CPS. "Medical consultants who performed two bronchoscopies on Oliver stated he was given 'a substantial amount of food, inappropriate for his age' which was not pureed, and we are concerned no thought was given into the stage of his development whilst eating despite the nursery being informed, he was only just starting on pureed foods. "We are disappointed and still in disbelief having been told that OFSTED did not investigate Oliver’s death as the regulator as when the nursery handed back their registration to OFSTED two days before they were due to be inspected following being closed permanently due to concerns of serious safeguarding following the incident involving Oliver. "OFSTED did not visit the setting as the company was no longer a registered provider. "We are dismayed that despite being a registered provider at the time of the incident nothing was done even to look forward and preventing future incidents." A spokesperson for Kent Police said: "Kent Police conducted a full investigation into the circumstances of a tragic death at a childcare facility in Ashford on Thursday, September 23 2021. "No further action is to be taken, unless other relevant information comes to light. A report is being prepared for the coroner." A CPS spokesperson said: "Kent Police referred a file of evidence to the CPS seeking a charging decision for two suspects in relation to Oliver Steeper’s death. "After a careful review of all the evidence, we concluded that there was insufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction for either suspect. "Oliver’s death was a tragedy, and we understand how difficult it must have been for his family to hear our decision. "Our thoughts remain with them at this difficult time. "We have received a request from Oliver’s family under the Victim’s Right to Review Scheme. "We will now conduct a further, full independent review of all the evidence. "It would not be appropriate to comment further until the review has been completed."