Andrea McLean, who quit Loose Women in 2020, revealed she supported her former co-star Brenda Edwards on the anniversary of her son Jamal Edwards' death, who died from cardiac arrest last year at the age of 31. The ex-ITV star said she ended up "poorly" after the event. In a lengthy Instagram post, the 53-year-old got candid as she shared a personal update with her 301,000 followers. The former Loose Women presenter admitted she has been suffering from exhaustion as she awaits test results. Andrea penned: "Things I did to fill my cup this week, that weren’t to do with work… "1. I went out with @nickfeeneycoach to support my lovely friend @brendaedwardsglobal on the one year anniversary of the passing of her son Jamal. It was a beautiful, poignant evening. READ MORE: King Charles's Coronation mocked by Jedward as A-listers shun event "Unfortunately, I ended up poorly in bed for three days afterwards. I had pushed myself at the gym that day, which was too much for my tired body. "So, another episode of one step forward, three steps back. "I am now awaiting blood tests to see why I have been poorly for so long now - it’s over three months of absolute exhaustion. The thinking is that it is Covid/autoimmune related. It’s a nuisance!" The author then dished on her recovery as she enjoyed a belated Christmas present with her mum.  Andrea continued: "2. I was luckily well enough to get dressed up and take my mum out on Friday for a pamper day as a belated Christmas present. So nails done and to our local Ivy for a late lunch. It was really lovely. "3. We went round to mum and dads for another late lunch yesterday, with them and joint friends. It was lots of fun - and crossed three decades, we are in our 50s, our friends are in their 60s, mum and dad are in their 70s! How did that happen? "4. We took @teddymcfeen for a walk, our usual Sunday thing. Here’s to a happy, healthy week ahead. What did you do to fill your cup this week?" She accompanied the candid message with a photo alongside her husband Nick Feeney, another picture with her mum and the final snap was of her beloved dog. Andrea was inundated with messages of support as people shared similar health woes. Guinevere commented: "I’m not a doctor by any stretch of the imagination, but like you after Covid, I just never got my energy levels back. Since being diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome by a rheumatologist. You may have the same." Jill shared: "Hope you feel better soon, take it from me who was a fitness fanatic (71 now) it's affected me so much so please don't overdo it life is precious." Michelle penned: "You [and] your mum are so alike. Hope you get answers from your blood test soon." Trinity added: "Hope the blood tests help show what's going on. Sounds so frustrating! Hang on in there." Andrea became a familiar face on the lunchtime ITV show Loose Women for 13 years but she decided to walk away after a nervous breakdown and the global pandemic forced her to reconsider her priorities. The host revealed that at the time of her departure, she said her big brand endorsements had also decided to part ways with the presenter after leaving the panel show. Describing herself as the “breadwinner” of her family, she said it had felt like a “punch in the stomach”.