Caroline joined Morning Live presenters Gethin Jones and Kym Marsh to discuss the recent popularity of 80s children's toys. She explained how Pokemon Cards had become one of the most popular, revealing how much money they could sell for depending on their condition. After looking at a clip of a man's Star Wars collection, Caroline began to discuss the latest trend in Pokemon Cards. Gethin excitedly asked: "Yes! Tell us about this because it has caused a family dispute hasn't it." Laughing at his comment, Caroline explained: "I know all about family disputes. Now, I bought these, maybe 25 years ago for my two sons and they collected them. "They swapped them, they bribed and robbed each other for them and now they are in the hands of my eldest son James and he tells me that this collection here is worth towards £1,500. READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star "So as I spent quite a lot building this collection, I am sure he is going to share some of the proceeds with me but I would think not. "Maybe with his brother but some of these are very, very rare, recently a boxed set, completely unopened sold for £10,500." Stunned at the amount, Gething confirmed: "Because the condition was good?" "Well yes the condition," Caroline said. "It was a completely mint, unopened, box set of them and they contained 380 cards. "Something like that but it's nostalgia, people are going back to the times it was easier as children, they didn't have a lot of money, but they enjoyed these toys. "Now people in their 30s, 40s and 50s have got more disposable income and they are looking to buy back a bit of their childhood. "Sort of happy memories and that, I believe, is one of the things that is forcing this trend, in time of uncertainty, people are looking back to nicer and safer times." Gethin teased Kym: "When grandma Marsh is buying some presents for the grandchildren, it might be worth buying an extra one and keeping it in mint condition." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity  [WATCH]BBC Breakfast sparks backlash over Will Ferrell interview [LATEST]Dan Walker sparks uproar with 'crass' question to Nicola's partner [INSIGHT] But Caroline was eager to agree and said: "Gethin exactly, if you're buying, look out for the toys that are really hot now. "And if you can afford it, buy two, let the kids play with one, put one in the loft and bang, there is your pension sorted." Caroline began dealing antiques and collectables as a teenager, before moving into auctions and now buys and sells both sides of the English Channel. Speaking about working on Bargain Hunt, Caroline previously explained: "I am thrilled and honoured to be part of the Bargain Hunt presenting team. "It is fantastic to have this amazing role within the Bargain Hunt family where I have been an expert for many years. It is a challenge which I have taken to, with relish! "It is the best fun ever to spend time with talented experts and crew, and fabulous, enthusiastic teams all on the hunt for bargains. "I really love meeting people who have a passion for what they do and visiting often undiscovered places and unexpected collections. "I think that this is due in part to my innate nosey nature! It is a real pleasure to be able to share these hidden gems with the viewers." Morning Live airs weekdays from 9:15am on BBC One.