Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has expressed his unhappiness after seeing fans pelt Kevin De Bruyne with missiles during his side’s 3-1 Premier League defeat to Manchester City on Wednesday night. The two men clashed on the touchline during the match at the Emirates Stadium. However, differences were then put aside at the full time whistle. De Bruyne produced yet another midfield masterclass as City dented Arsenal’s hopes of winning a first Premier League title since 2004. The Belgium international opened the scoring for his side, only for Bukayo Saka to draw the Gunners level. Yet De Bruyne then played a key role in Jack Grealish’s goal, with Erling Haaland netting late on to make the result safe. With the game fizzling out, De Bruyne came off - and was pelted with objects from the crowd inside the ground. And Arteta, when quizzed on the incident, admitted he was unhappy with the incident. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Certainly not. I haven’t seen it, but certainly not,” he said at his press conference when asked if that’s not something he wants to see. Arteta also admitted he was unsure what contributed to Arsenal’s defeat, saying the north London side were unable to recover following a mistake from Takehiro Tomiyasu. “When mistakes happened that’s part of the risk that we take,” said the Spaniard. “There is a reward when understanding what we have to do. We didn’t understand well, especially in the second half when they changed their formation. “As well though we came out a lot of times and created a problem for them. So there’s always the balance. “I don’t know if it’s experience or bad luck. “I’ve never seen Tomiyasu make that pass back in seven years and he did it today. It’s part of it and they have the quality to punish you.” Arsenal midfielder Martin Odegaard also spoke out after the game, and lamented his side’s errors during the contest. "The game is decided in the boxes and we were not sharp enough, in front of the goal and in our own as well,” he said. “They were better. Apart from that, we played a good game, did many good things and had many good periods, but we have to be better in the boxes. "It is football. Sometimes chances go in, sometimes not. But that is where we need to improve and be more clinical and defend our box. That is not just about one player, but the whole team. "As we have said all season, work hard and take it game by game. “It is the same now. It is one game we have lost here today and now we look to the next one. A new game on Saturday and we must come back and win. "It was an unbelievable atmosphere and we are so grateful to everyone who came here today and made the game special. “We will work hard to give them something to make them happy about." City boss Pep Guardiola, meanwhile, insisted the title was still Arsenal’s to lose despite the Gunners failing to win a third league match in a row. “OK, now we are top of the league, but they have one game in hand,” he said. “Winning or losing, you have a lot of games to play, but of course coming here and winning against that team… “In the first half, they were much better than us. Second half, we were much, much better. “At half-time, we said we were not playing, just defending because they were so good, but we should be more active and the second half was excellent.”