Qatar have emerged as serious suitors to buy Manchester United and finally move the Glazers from power, according to reports. The Middle-Eastern state are eyeing a swift takeover of the Red Devils and are ready to give Erik ten Hag huge transfer backing to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. Express Sport now takes a look at five superstars they should target, with the club still in need of significant backing despite the improvement they’ve made so far this term. United landed Wout Weghorst back in the January transfer window, with the striker arriving on loan from Burnley following Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure. But the Red Devils know they need a superstar to lead their line next term, regardless of how Weghorst fares between now and the end of the season. And Harry Kane would certainly represent a statement signing. The Tottenham striker is a Premier League great, having netted 200 times in the top flight - with only Alan Shearer and Wayne Rooney scoring more. Kane is open to leaving Tottenham due to their failure to win trophies and United, in the event of a takeover, would have no problem coughing up the cash to secure his signature. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford The problem with signing Kane, however, would be Tottenham’s determination not to do business with a Premier League rival. After all, Spurs have never sold a single player to United since Dimitar Berbatov crossed the divide back in the summer transfer window of 2008. So United, knowing a deal for Kane may be difficult, are likely to target Napoli hitman Victor Osimhen as an alternative. The Nigeria international has been in fine form for Napoli this term, netting 16 goals from 17 Serie A matches and clocking up three assists along the way. And though Napoli would demand huge money to let their talisman go, United would have the resources required to strike a deal. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit There’s long been an expectancy that, when Kylian Mbappe eventually leaves Paris Saint-Germain, he’ll be on his way to Real Madrid. But United have been tracking the France international in the shadows for a while, as previous reports have stated. PSG wouldn’t want to sell Mbappe directly to Real Madrid, with relations between the two giants strained for some time now. And that’s where United could come in, especially given their need for a world-class No 9. Mbappe has previously admitted to considering a move to Liverpool but United, these days at least, are in a far better position than their rivals when it comes to winning the grandest prizes on offer. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract Back in the summer, upon taking charge at United, Ten Hag eyed a deal for Frenkie de Jong. The 53-year-old had previously managed the midfielder at Ajax, with the pair helping the Eredivisie giants reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. Ultimately, United moved to recruit Casemiro instead - with De Jong reluctant to leave Barcelona at a time where he was owed money in deferred wages. But the Red Devils are primed to revive their pursuit and, given their strong season so far, are optimistic De Jong can be signed. There’s still nothing to suggest the 25-year-old’s stance on a move to Old Trafford has changed - yet United receiving a substantial cash injection would undeniably help their cause. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here There’s long been a consensus that, when Jude Bellingham leaves Borussia Dortmund, he won’t be on his way to United. A Qatari takeover, however, coupled with the club being on an upwards trajectory could see that change. United have, after all, done their homework on the player. They tracked Bellingham extensively during his younger years, even showing him round their Carrington training complex and introducing him to club legends such as Sir Alex Ferguson and Bryan Robson. Manchester City and Liverpool, as well as Real Madrid, all have interest in the Borussia Dortmund star. But United look like dark horses and they’d certainly benefit from any Bellingham arrival.