Chelsea icon Glenn Hoddle tore into Raheem Sterling, Kepa Arrizabala and Joao Felix for their parts in Oliver Skipp’s opening goal for Tottenham in Sunday’s London derby. Skipp lashed home via the crossbar from the edge of the box but Hoddle felt the Blues trio were to blame. A 2-0 defeat by Spurs leaves Chelsea with just two wins from their last 16 matches. Some fans have called for Graham Potter to be sacked with the west Londoners 10th in the Premier League and on the brink of a Champions League exit. Hoddle felt that Sterling, Arrizabalaga and Felix were to blame for the first goal. Sterling failed to track back, Arrizabalaga might feel he could have done better with Skipp’s strike, while Felix was beaten for strength by the Spurs midfielder. “Without Thiago Silva on the pitch... they would have been prepared. That’s the simple side of the game. The ball is going back and they (Chelsea) are going backwards! Tottenham could have scored with Emerson Royal. Look at Sterling, sleeping! Sleeping!,” Hoddle said on BT Sport as a replay of Skipp's goal played. JUST IN: Chelsea have four managers they can appoint now if Potter sacked “Kepa might have done better. The distance of the ball, he gets a little finger to it. But look how deep they are. “Tottenham are on the edge of the box and they haven’t had to do much – Skipp scored a goal with a great effort, but he won it with a determination of leaving Felix for dead – when it happened we are saying ‘is that top corner?’ “I thought it went a bit central, for me. But I think Kepa could have done better because of the distance.” Co-owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali are reportedly set to back Potter amid increasing fan anger. Potter pointed out that Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta faced sack pressure early in his Gunners reign, and is now top of the Premier League. DON'T MISS...VAR fiasco in Chelsea's loss to Tottenham masks two worries for PotterTottenham vs Chelsea erupts into red card chaos as Ziyech in VAR stormChelsea star Enzo Fernandez urges Boehly to sign Felix permanently “There is always that question and you can’t stop the questions. While results are what they are, I accept it. It’s part of the job,” Potter said. “We were talking before the game about watching the Arsenal All or Nothing [Amazon docuseries] and two years into Mikel [Arteta]’s reign he is close to getting the sack and people want him out. It was seen as a disaster but things have now changed a bit. "If you look at Jurgen [Klopp]’s situation, they haven’t got the results and all of a sudden people want him out. That is the nature of football. I haven’t done enough at this club to have too much good faith. I also accept that.”