Energy minister Graham Stuart confirmed last Thursday the Energy Bills Support Scheme Alternative Funding (EBSS AF) payment will soon be delivered to local authorities, with the support to go out to some 900,000 households. People will be able to apply for the funding using an application portal on the gov.uk website. The application portal is expected to open on or before February 27 as well as a dedicated phone line for those without internet access. Mr Stuart issued the update in response to a written question from Labour MP Alex Sobel, who asked for details about the scheme. The minister said local authorities will be given guidance on how to process the payments although he didn’t have an exact date for when the money will arrive in people’s bank accounts. Eligibility criteria guidelines will also be published as part of the application portal when it opens. READ MORE: 'It’s the right time!' Savers urged to switch their accounts as interest rates peak looms Mr Stuart said: “The Energy Bills Support Scheme Alternative Funding (EBSS AF) will be delivered by local authorities in Great Britain, and a contracted delivery partner in Northern Ireland, rather than private energy suppliers. “We are expecting to pay local authorities and the contracted delivery partner ahead of scheme launch, or as soon after that as we receive their payment details, which we have requested. “The exact date that an eligible household will receive support will depend on when the application is made and when the payment can be processed by the relevant local authority.” The UK Government said people in several categories will likely be eligible for the £400 payment.  These categories include: READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost Once a household’s application has been processed and verified, their details will be shared with the relevant local authority, who will deliver the payment. Applicants will only be able to submit their details via the gov.uk portal when it opens and should not contact their local authority. Government advice outlined that the exact date a particular household will receive their funds depends on when they apply. Average energy bills for a typical household in England, Scotland and Wales are set to increase from £2,500 a year to £3,000 a year in April. This is because the cap set by the Government’s Energy Price Guarantee is increasing, with the policy to last for another two years from April. The final instalment of the £400 energy bills discount scheme is going out in March. The payments have gone out to all people in England, Scotland and Wales with a domestic energy supply. A similar £400 payment is going out to all households in Northern Ireland, as part of a larger £600 one-off payment. Many households should have received a £600 voucher in the post which can be redeemed at the Post Office.