Nicola Bulley has been missing for 11 days with the police searching St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. She went missing on January 27 with an underwater search currently underway. Her family have also launched a fresh appeal with her partner saying her two daughters "desperately" miss her. Speaking on This Morning, Peter Bleksley explained to Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield how Fitbit data could be key to helping locate Nicola. Holly remarked: “There is this noble phone and Fitbit data and you think that is key, why?” Bleksley replied: “Well, FitBits, just for viewers who don’t know what they are, is a device largely worn on your wrist which will track physical activity, heart rate and particular steps, whether you are walking, running or swimming. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie “Many of the more expensive Fitbit models are waterproof to a depth of 50m. “Now, let me just hypothesise for a moment here please, as opposed to speculate. “Say for example, I was wearing a FitBit and I was sitting here for the minutes while this conversation is going ahead. “That FitBit would show that I was static, I wasn’t moving. If after some minutes being still, get up and take just a few steps to walk off set, before perhaps becoming static again, those few steps would be synced, if it was synced to a phone or an iCloud. “It’s pretty precise data so if the police say they have looked at the FitBit data which they have, and they have FitBit data that might support their theory Nicola has gone into the water, I really don’t think it’s unreasonable to make that public.” Fitbit have told Express.co.uk they are ready to help the police search for the missing mum of two. When asked if they would be supporting the investigation, a spokesperson for Fitbit confirmed that "under defined and specifically prescribed legal procedures, data may be requested and provided in support of law enforcement requests". Nicola’s friend, Emma White, previously told The Sun police are working to get hold of the Fitbit data. she explained: “The Fitbit had not been synced since Tuesday. "The police are trying other ways to try to get information from it.” Police are said to be confident, after reviewing CCTV, that Nicola did not leave the field near the River Wyre via Rowanwater. She did not return from the fields along Allotment Lane or via the path near to the Grapes pub to Garstang Road. This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am.