Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani has appointed the Bank of America as an advisor as Qatar look to buy Manchester United, it has been claimed. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club. And Erik ten Hag’s side have been on an upwards trajectory ever since, continuing their fine form with a 3-0 win over Leicester on Sunday. Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani has appointed the Bank of America as an advisor as Qatar look to buy Manchester United, it has been claimed. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club. And Erik ten Hag’s side have been on an upwards trajectory ever since, continuing their fine form with a 3-0 win over Leicester on Sunday. Al Thani confirmed on Friday, via his Nine Two foundation, that he was in the running to buy United. “Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad al-Thani today confirmed his submission of a bid for 100 per cent of Manchester United. “The bid plans to return the club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and – above all – will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United once more. “The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the club supports. “The vision of the bid is for Manchester United to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “More details of the bid will be released, when appropriate, if and when the bid process develops.” And, now, Bloomberg have claimed the Bank of America have been appointed to advise Al Thani on his takeover bid. The Qatari billionaire is, however, not the only person in the running to buy the club. Sir Jim Ratcliffe is another candidate and INEOS, his company, confirmed his bid on Saturday by saying: "Sir Jim Ratcliffe and INEOS have submitted a bid for majority ownership of Manchester United Football Club. We would see our role as the long-term custodians of Manchester United on behalf of the fans and the wider community. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit "We are ambitious and highly competitive and would want to invest in Manchester United to make them the number one club in the world once again. “We also recognise that football governance in this country is at a crossroads. “We would want to help lead this next chapter, deepening the culture of English football by making the club a beacon for a modern, progressive, fan-centred approach to ownership. "We want a Manchester United anchored in its proud history and roots in the North-West of England, putting the Manchester back into Manchester United and clearly focusing on winning the Champions League." Ten Hag was asked about a potential takeover before United battled their way to a 3-0 win over Leicester. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he responded by saying: "I think for the players, for the staff, for me, of course we are following the news. "We are of course curious about what will happen because we are committed to the club but it has nothing to do with us. "We have to focus on football. "That is all that we have to do, we have to perform, we have to get the right results in and don't get distracted from things going around or around the club." The Dutchman then proceeded to hail Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford and David De Gea after Leicester were put to the sword. "We're happy with the result, it's a great result,” he said. “When you play every third day you can't always get to your same performance. Today was really tough. "First half Leicester played brilliant, we were rubbish, the way we were really undisciplined. “We had problems and it was only because of David de Gea that we had a clean sheet at half-time. "Luckily we had half-time, we could repair some things and the second half was brilliant. “There was a lot of pleasure, it was enjoyable to watch how we created so many chances and scored great goals."