Aries A close friend or partner seems way too touchy. Everything you say will be taken the wrong way. You’re inclined to keep a secret from them but this will only complicate matters further. A problem concerning insurance, benefits or an investment needs to be swiftly dealt with. Taurus One way of making ends meet could be to combine resources. Don’t hold on to your possessions or money because you are saving for a rainy day. That rainy day has arrived and it is time to acknowledge it. Take a risk and share your resources with others. Gemini A friend or someone close wants to make all the arrangements for a night out. Your ideas for a good night out may be very different to theirs but let them get on with it. You could be surprised that they are taking your preferences into account and you won’t be disappointed.   Cancer You’ve been seeking inspiration to begin or complete a creative project. This could come from out of the blue during the course of a lively conversation. You will have a lot to say about a family matter that has been causing contention. This could take housemates by surprise but once you start, don’t hold back. Leo Even if they might seem out of their reach, you will always be supportive of your friends’ wishes and dreams. They may not achieve a lofty goal but with your help, they could make a success of their current endeavours. If anyone becomes discouraged, you will quickly find a way to lift their spirits. Virgo Agreeing to go on a trip will take some people by surprise. Your impulsive behaviour will let someone know they don’t know you as well as they thought. Life is more fun when you break out of a rut that has some people thinking they could predict your every action.    Libra You may have the qualifications and the desire to get ahead but it may be necessary to gain some practical experience before you are offered the job you are striving towards. Be prepared to take on menial work in order to prove your determination and diligence. Scorpio Spending time with your favourite people will make you feel like the happiest Scorpio on earth. While you’re all together, consider arranging a group holiday. Being able to relax with your friends in beautiful surroundings will feel like a dream come true. You can make this happen by making a booking. Sagittarius You’re tired of being given trivial tasks when a colleague is taking advantage of their relationship with the boss and getting better assignments. It is becoming more and more apparent that your skills are being overlooked. It is likely you have outgrown your job. Start looking for a position where you will feel more appreciated.    Capricorn A partner’s carelessness with cash is putting your own finances in jeopardy. If you don’t already do so, start keeping a separate bank account that cannot be accessed by anyone else. Feelings of vexation will be connected with a housemate’s spending habits. Aquarius A close friend or partner’s behaviour isn’t pleasing you. It would be wise to keep your thoughts and any criticism to yourself. By tomorrow they will have moved on to other things and you won’t feel so annoyed with them. So, maintain a tactful silence. Pisces Friends and workmates admire your skills and creative talents. Compliments coming your way from a senior colleague will give your confidence a boost. A team leader will know how to keep your aims and ambitions on the boil. You can find imaginative solutions to problems.    