Bed bugs can be difficult to spot, causing them to become more of a nuisance in your home and therefore harder to get rid of. However, a warm bed is a haven for the pests as they are often attracted to warmth and blood, meaning it is important to keep on top of cleaning. Experts have shared seven signs to look out for if you think you may have bed bugs. The experts at Bed Kingdom explained: “One of the early signs of bed bugs is a strange, musty scent lingering in your bedroom, despite there being no clear cause of it being there, such as a dirty pile of clothes. “When bed bugs feel threatened, they emit what is called alarm pheromones which have a faint smell of raspberries, cilantro, or almonds. “In severe bed bug cases, this smell will be mixed with the odour of dead bugs and shed cell casings which creates a rusty scent.” If you wake up from a night’s sleep with red, itchy bites, this could be a sign of bed bugs as they typically feed on blood during the night. READ MORE: Gardening expert shares how to turn leftovers into ‘fabulous’ plants Usually, they will appear on arms, hands and legs and will be in small clusters, but can show up as single bites too. The experts said: “These bites are not usually dangerous, but some people can be allergic – so if you experience extreme itchiness, swelling, blisters, or a fever it’s crucial to seek help from a medical professional.” The bed experts continued: “Once a bed bug is finished feeding itself, the blood can leak out if you squash them during your sleep by sudden movements like rolling over. “If you notice any small splotches of blood on your bed sheets or clothing, check for anything on your body first that could be the cause, like a scab. DON'T MISS:Easiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’ [COMMENT]‘Helter-skelter’ time for property market as house prices drop [EXPLAINER]I tried a baking soda tip to remove moisture from my home - results [PICTURES] “If there’s no visible cause of the blood, it’s likely that these stains occurred from bedbugs.” Dark brown marks from bed bug droppings about the size of a pen tip can appear on mattresses, sheets, headboards and even your walls. According to the experts, they are a lot smaller than blood stains, making them quite hard to spot. They added: “They will also give off a faint, rusty smell that contributes to the usual odour altogether.” READ MORE: ‘Problematic’ Japanese knotweed on the rise - hotspots The pros noted: “Bed bug eggs can be hard to spot, as they are only around 1mm long. “They can be found by paying attention to anything that looks like small rice grains in your bed. “They can be loosely stuck to different types of surfaces, typically the mattress seams and joints or behind the headboard.” Shell casings are often easiest to spot than the bed bugs themselves, and are an early sign of an infestation. The experts said bed bugs shed several times during different lifecycle stages, meaning their shell casings can come in different sizes. The bed pros said: “You can spot them by their yellow, translucent appearance in the seams, folds, and crevices of mattresses, or even other areas such as cracks in walls and furniture.” To avoid a bed bug infestation, reduce clutter in the home as well as regularly washing bed sheets, blankets and bedspreads on a high temperature. Make sure to also vacuum regularly and steam clean furniture if possible. A spokesperson from Bed Kingdom commented: “Getting cosy in bed on an evening is something that many people look forward to at the end of the day, whether it’s to chill out and watch your favourite TV series or perhaps to curl up with a gripping book. “Unfortunately, this can be ruined when bed bugs take over your bedroom, so it’s important to know what signs to look out for so that you can get back to relaxing quickly and to avoid a more complicated process of removing them.”