Mike Tindall quickly became a fan favourite when he appeared on last year's, I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! The former rugby player amused ITV viewers with his budgie smugglers, and he also struck up an unlikely friendship with "camp wife" and Coronation Street star Sue Cleaver. However, according to the bookmakers' latest predictions, Mike's wife, Zara Tindall is tipped to enter the jungle this year. The former Olympian, whose husband Mike came fourth in last year’s show, is a 20/1 shot to appear on the popular series in November, having featured in William Hill’s The Inside Track Podcast this week. Another famous face in the running to enter the jungle is former The Apprentice candidate, Thomas Skinner, who has odds of 5/2. Made in Chelsea star Jamie Laing and footballer Peter Crouch are also hotly tipped to feature on I'm A Celeb. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale William Hill Spokesperson, Lee Phelps, said: “It’s been a fruitful 12 months for regal TV appearances in the UK, with Zara Phillips the latest name rumoured to be swapping British royalty for jungle royalty. “We are 20/1 for the former Olympian to follow her husband in appearing on this year’s edition of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! “Thomas Skinner’s price for jungle admission continues to fall – the former Apprentice candidate is 5/2 from 7/2 last month – with Jamie Laing (5/1) and Peter Crouch (6/1) likewise tipped to feature Down Under.” Mike came in fourth place on last Year's I'm A Celeb and was greeted by an emotional Zara on the bridge. Before his exit, his wife Zara opened up about being apart from her husband for three weeks. Princess Anne's daughter shared: “It’s been a long few weeks, the kids have missed him so it’ll be nice to get him out.” On the car journey back to the hotel Mike jokingly apologised to Zara for having a "camp wife". He explained: “I’m sorry I had a camp wife in there (Sue Cleaver), but she was brilliant.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin  [INSIGHT]Steve Allen quits LBC after 44 years [REACTION]Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune [EXCLUSIVE] “Cheating on me," Zara joked before making fun of his rapping skills. “You went in early with that on day two, teed yourself up for it and that’s your repertoire gone.” Despite the bookmakers' predictions, when they arrived at the hotel, Zara made her feelings clear about being apart from her husband for that length of time. When in their hotel room, Chris Moyles passed by with a bucket of beers, telling Zara: “I looked after him for you in there.” “Did you enjoy his spooning and his hugs," the royal joked to Chris. When asked what it was like having her husband back, the royal issued him a warning. She said: “It’s just too much, let’s never do this again.” I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! is expected to return later this year on ITV.