Enthusiasts of the hit Channel 4 series weren't the only ones to have a hard time saying goodbye to the Chateau de la Motte-Husson and seeing the end of Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree's ambitious business venture. During their last Christmas at the French chateau, Angel struggled to hold back tears as she made preparations for the final party. The moment came during the last episode of Escape to the Chateau when Angel had finally completed work for one last celebration.  Sadly, the popular series came to an end in December 2022, much to the disappointment of fans who have followed Dick and Angel's journey from day one. The talented couple began renovating the chateau into a thriving business and home in 2016. The show's seven-year stint saw their vision come true as the chateau began to flourish in view of fascinated fans. Marking their last ever Christmas at the chateau, the husband and wife team decided to throw the party of a lifetime as a way of thanking everyone who has supported their journey. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain During the last series, the final task for the couple was to make preparations for the final Christmas party in the historic building. The day before the big celebration viewers saw Angel hard at work attempting to finish making the Christmas crackers and other decorations. Her creative flair was as strong as ever and she decided to do up her old tablecloths to create the festive necessities. "There's 120 guests coming so I was thinking, 'I've got to do napkins with names on because I've always done that,' and I couldn't not do it now," she explained.  "But also, 'Gosh, I need crackers,' so I thought I'd do the two together and have crackers with linen with their names on." As she began to create her vision, she added, as she sewed on the finishing touches: "To make it feel very French you kind of need these little red stripes." Friends and family of the couple began to trickle into the chateau, and soon preparations were almost complete. As their guests went to bed, Angel and Dick continued to work to complete the napkin crackers. DON'T MISS... ITV fear Holly Willoughby will quit This Morning role [LATEST]Vera's Brenda Blethyn feared 'I was done for' filming series [INTERVIEW]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little favourite to be replaced by Simon Bird [LATEST] "This is my worst nightmare," Dick admitted while listening to his wife's instructions. The next day, Angel looked at their completed work and became emotional. "I actually think this is the first time that it's been quiet," she stated as she observed the view from the huge dining area, now complete with intricate festive decorations "There's going to be so much happening and honestly, there's not many times in your lifetime that all your friends and family get together," she reflected. As she became tearful and choked up, Angel added: "It's all about memories and this party has been a lot of work, it is a lot of work. "But I tell you what, we're going to be talking about this for a long long time. I can't wait to have a drink!" Thankfully, the final party was a success, and later the family were all in tears as they prepared to say a final goodbye and mark the end of an era. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.