Chelsea boss Graham Potter has pointed out the pressure on Jurgen Klopp's job at Liverpool. Potter again referenced other managers when discussing his future at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea's wretched run of form continued on Sunday. The Blues lost 2-0 at London rivals Tottenham to make it six games without a win in all competitions. Potter's side have won just one of their 11 matches in 2023 and see their hopes of finishing in the top four all but over. Chelsea have particularly struggled in front of goal, scoring just once in their current winless run. Liverpool have had a fair share of problems of their own. Following the 5-2 midweek defeat to Real Madrid in the Champions League, they played out a 0-0 draw at Crystal Palace on Saturday. READ MORE: Mudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route  And Potter pointed out the pressure on Klopp's future in his post-match press conference. The Chelsea board have given Potter full support despite a torrid run of form. But he admitted that is the nature of the job and hinted the same could happen at Liverpool. Potter said: "There is always that question, absolutely, and you can’t stop the questions. While results are what they are, I accept it. It’s part of the job. "We were talking before the game about watching the Arsenal All or Nothing and two years into Mikel [Arteta's] reign he is close to getting the sack and people want him out. It was seen as a disaster but things have now changed a bit. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdBenni McCarthy was left 'heartbroken' by Man Utd and Mourinho hammered himFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emerges  "If you look at Jurgen's situation, they haven’t got the results and all of a sudden people want him out. That is the nature of football. I haven’t done enough at this club to have too much good faith; I also accept that." Potter isn't focused on speculation over his future. He says he must concentrate on what he has control over, with Chelsea next in action on Saturday at home to Leeds. He added: "My job isn’t to worry about that too much. I understand the question and where it comes from, but I have to try to focus on keeping on helping the team and supporting the players. "I really like these players, they’re good lads. They want to do better and want to win. But at the moment we’re suffering and that is my responsibility."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here