An ex-soldier caused his estranged wife two years of misery after taking out a £20,000 loan in her name without her knowing. Daniel Fairfield's actions left his former partner feeling "completely broken", and she was forced to make calls and send emails to different companies to rectify her credit rating. The money was spent on health treatment, purchases from Amazon and Carphone Warehouse, and paying off debts, Hull Crown Court heard. Fairfield, 33, formerly from Hedon, East Yorkshire, but now living in the Grimsby area, admitted fraud on April 21, 2021, reports Grimsby Live. Holly Thompson, prosecuting, said that the couple had been married for about 14 years, but their relationship deteriorated and they separated. They were in the process of getting divorced, and she moved out and went to live with her mother. The woman, 34, received notifications that her social media profiles had been accessed. She received a letter from a loan company about a £20,000 agreement.  "She had not applied for any money," said Miss Thompson. The woman telephoned the loan company to query the matter and was advised to contact the police. The loan had a serious effect on her credit rating. A late payment fee of £12 was charged. The woman later said: "The whole separation process has left me feeling completely broken." She believed that Fairfield was punishing her for leaving him. "He should be thoroughly ashamed of himself and I hope that he will leave me to get on with my life without him in it," she said. "I had to contact numerous companies by email and phone to try to sort out my credit rating. "Almost two years on, it is still ongoing. I do not need this added pain. "I am looking forward to rebuilding my life without having this hanging over me anymore."  The woman told the court that their former home was on the market for sale, valued at £265,000 to £285,000. It took a few months of emails and telephone calls before her credit rating was finally sorted. "It wasn't as easy as just ringing one company," she said.  They had a decree nisi but not a decree absolute for their divorce. There was due to be a hearing in March. Apart from solicitors, she does not have contact with Fairfield anymore. She had received no acknowledgement of regret from him. "I haven't spoken to him for two years," she said. Stephen Robinson, mitigating, said: "He accepts that the money went to him from that account. "It has virtually all gone and has been spent. None of it was spent by his wife. "The defendant wants to repay it and it looks like he will be able to in the future."  Fairfield had served in the army previously, including in Afghanistan, but he is not working now. He had no previous convictions. Judge Mark Bury told Fairfield: "This was a selfish offence because you were thinking only of yourself. "Although your wife hasn't lost out financially – it's the loan company that have – she has been put through a fair degree of misery trying to sort out her own credit rating, which has taken some time." Fairfield was given a six-month suspended prison sentence and was ordered to do 120 hours of unpaid work. He was ordered to pay £20,012 compensation within six months – to come from his share of any sale of the couple's former house.