Around 30 demonstrators have clashed with a similar number of counter-protesters outside Tate Britain during a protest against a drag queen story event for children organised by the London art gallery. Tate Britain was hosting a story time by children's author and drag queen Aida H Dee at the Millbank attraction.   It is understood the protest is being led by the far-right organisation Patriotic Alternative. Protesters held signs reading, "No drag for kids!", "Leave our kids alone!" and "groom dogs not children!" A separate group of demonstrators led by groups including Stand Up To Racism, the Socialist Workers’ Party, and Transgender Action Block were also outside the gallery in support of the story-telling. Its supporters held signs reading: "Don't let the far right divide us" and "Trans rights now". The Transgender Action Block called on people to join a counter-protest, but said "these people are dangerous" and encouraged attendees not to be "identifiable". The Metropolitan Police said one person has been arrested on suspicion of making a racially aggravated comment towards a police officer outside the gallery.   No injuries have been reported and officers remained at the scene until the protest finished just after 3pm, according to the force. Piers Corbyn, brother of the former Labour leader, was also in attendance. The Tate was hosting Drag Queen Story Hour UK on Saturday, with tales told by Aida H Dee, who the gallery's website describes as "the first drag artist in Europe to read stories to children in a nursery". The event was organised to engage children's creativity and love for reading stories, according to the event's description. Writing on Twitter, the drag queen said the day had been "proper emotional", adding five protesters had gained entry to the Tate and "caused a disruption" in parts of the building, but they did not affect the readings. Aida tweeted: "5 haters made it into the Tate. They caused a disruption. BUT not to Drag Story Hour UK... They made a fuss elsewhere in the building, not where the show was!! SHOW 2 went swimmingly!!!" READ MORE: Fifteen arrested including 13-year-old after riot at migrant hotel  Aida had been staging three story-telling sessions on Saturday, at 11 am, noon, and 2 pm. Photos of the event show dozens of parents with their children attending the show. Human-rights organisations have condemned the protest, with the Stand Up to Racism activist group tweeting: "Don’t let the fascists target LGBT+ communities #NeverAgain." Alex, from London, joined the pro-LGBT organisations in protesting against "impingement on LGBTQ people's rights". She told the PA news agency: "I'm here because I think there is a disturbing rise in hyperbole that is going to be damaging to everyone. It is attached to, I think, just a rise in people's desires to divide people and stoke fear for really ridiculous reasons. "They are doing it through a ridiculously harmless and joyous thing. They are protesting about something truly wonderful that is just about expression and art and creativity." Alex, who believes the group of protesters are being "stoked" by the far-right, added: "I actually feel quite sorry for the people that are here with the 'Leave our kids alone' signs because I don't believe they believe it. "I believe that actually panto for example has been a part of all entertainment forever and it fundamentally involves men in dresses telling stories to children so I feel that they don't mean it either - they are just being stoked by people with ridiculous agendas." Jessica Walsh, 31, who works for a trade union, arrived outside Tate Britain at 9.30am as part of the Stand Up to Racism group, opposing the anti-drag queen story hour protest. "Patriotic Alternative is a fascist organisation and they are looking to basically smash up LGBT culture in London," she told PA. "So I think it's very important to oppose Nazis when they're on the streets." Meanwhile Cheska, a woman in her 30s from London, told PA she was protesting over the Tate event because she felt drag queens are "not suitable" for children. She said: "We have concerns because we feel that the costume Aida H Dee wears is sexually inappropriate. We have concerns about the contents of his book and we also have concerns about his Instagram, which has a lot of sexual references on there and a lot of children are starting to go on that. "We're here because we feel that drag queens are great but for people who are over 18. We feel like they are not suitable for anyone who is under 18." DON'T MISS: Human Rights Act may scupper migrant boats crackdown say expertsMajor new penalties launching this week may see drivers fined £20,000Democrats turn on Biden over chaotic handling of border crisis The drag queen, whose real name is Sab Samuel, has been on a tour called Drag Queen Story Hour UK. In an open letter to the Tate's board of trustees, Conservative party life peer Emma Nicholson branded the event as both "propaganda" and "nonsense on stilts." Baroness Nicholson said: "Having adults read to children is a wonderful thing, of course, but why does it have to be a man pretending to be a woman?" The MP concluded the letter by saying: "These are children. Are they to be offered entertainment by murderers, paedophiles, terrorists, furries and other fetishists so their parents have to explain why they cannot be left with the kooky, colourful cartoon character they have seen promoted?" More than 14,000 people signed a petition against the event that was started by the organisation Art Not Propaganda. The petition states that Tate is answerable to the public as a state-funded institution and calls on Tate to stop pushing "gender ideology" on young people. Tate Britain said none of its events were disrupted by the protest. A spokesman for the gallery said: "Police attended a disturbance outside Tate Britain this morning. "The gallery has remained open to visitors throughout the day and all events went ahead as planned." Express.co.uk has contacted the Metropolitan Police for comment. READ NEXT:Mum who fled Ukraine bombs hasn't worked for months due to Visa delaysFew people are trans so how does it dominate our debate? JAMES WHALETory infighting erupts as MP compares Rishi's Govt to 'Titantic band'Major new penalties launching next month may see drivers fined £20,000Few people are trans so how does it dominate our debate? JAMES WHALE