Arsenal star Gabriel Martinelli has been slammed by former Aston Villa captain turned pundit Gabby Agbonlahor for being ‘disrespectful’ after being ‘rubbish for a month’. The Brazilian was dropped for the 4-2 win in the West Midlands but came off the bench to score the clincher, starting his celebration before he had actually slipped the ball into the empty net. Martinelli has been a key player for Arsenal this season, frequently impressing with his performances on the left wing. However, he has been somewhat off the boil in recent matches and his position in the starting lineup coming under pressure from new arrival Leandro Trossard. Saturday’s encounter against Villa was the first time this season that he had started a game on the bench in the Premier League. The Gunners looked to be set to drop points for the fourth consecutive match with the hosts twice taking the lead and the scoreline still tied as the match ticked past the 90-minute mark. However, two injury time goals sealed the three points as Arsenal took another step forward in the title race. Martinelli got the fourth on the counter-attack with Villa goalkeeper up field for a later corner. The Brazilian’s actions before scoring were criticised by some including Agbonlahor for being ‘disrespectful’ as he chose to celebrate before finishing the job. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd “I thought Arsenal were impressive second half,” Agbonlahor explained as he dissected the game for talkSPORT. “They didn’t turn up first half but second half, they were relentless. Saka, getting at players. Xhaka, Odegaard was finding space and Arsenal thoroughly deserved the win. “But there was part of the game I didn’t like. I didn’t like Martinelli for me, running through, empty net and he’s celebrating before he puts the ball in the back of the net. “He’s been rubbish for a month and he’s scoring a tap-in and celebrating before he’s even scored. [It’s a] lack of respect for your teammates. I didn’t like it.”  Mikel Arteta will have a big decision to make in Arsenal’s next match against Leicester next weekend as he works out who to play on the left-wing. Speaking after the game he was keen to stress that he hadn’t dropped the Brazil international, instead believing he could offer more as an impact sub. “It wasn’t dropping him [Martinelli] - he’s played every single minute," Arteta said. "We have three 21-year-olds leading the frontline - that’s unheard of. “Leo’s [Trossard] been doing really well and we needed impact. I was really worried about the last 20 or 25 minutes in this game because of everything we put in on Wednesday. We needed energy and I think [Martinelli provided] it.”