A historian and author has revealed the key roles that other high profile royals will play at King Charles's Coronation. The event in May will be attended by nearly all members of the Firm, with high-ranking royals such as the Prince and Princess of Wales having their own important duties on the day. While it has not been confirmed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will attend, palace officials have reportedly been told to act on the assumption that they are coming. The ceremony is thought to be shorter than the late Queen Elizabeth's Coronation in 1953, with a significantly reduced guest list, however an aide said it would still be "an occasion for celebration and pageantry". Buckingham Palace said in a statement: "The coronation will reflect the monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in long standing traditions and pageantry." Dr Tessa Dunlop explained to the Mirror what we can expect to see from the royals other than the King and Queen Consort Camilla on May 6. READ MORE: Harry's rift is a 'dark cloud' hanging over King's head With regard to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Expess.co.uk confirmed they will be on the guest list but even if they do accept the invitation they will be taking a back seat at Westminster Abbey. Dr Dunlop said: "Causing maximum angst is the vexed question of the Sussexes; will they attend the big day and if so in what capacity? Historical precedent doesn't bode well. "After his own abdication and fall from grace Edward VIII attended neither the 1937 coronation of his brother George VI nor his niece Elizabeth's in 1953. "However in our changed times with a father-King who wants both his sons by his side, expect to see Harry there but minus a coronet and robe. "With the exception of Prince William, at this Coronation peers of the realm will not be paying homage to the new King so it is unlikely that Harry will have to go down on bended knee. "Likewise if Meghan attends, any Coronation finery will be entirely her own. Expect very few to stand on ceremony for the Duchess of Sussex."  However, in contrast Prince William and Kate will be front and centre as the future King and Queen Consort. As heir to the throne, William will pay homage to his father by kneeling before him and pledging allegiance, as well as touching the crown and kissing Charles's right cheek. Dr Dunlop added: "In contrast history suggests working royals will stand out. "In 1953 the Queen’s sister Princess Margaret had her own coronation gown designed by Norman Hartnell, embroidered with roses and daisies and offset with a stunning Cartier tiara. DON'T MISS:King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [LATEST]Prince Harry's 'cruelty' towards King Charles 'knows no bounds' [SPOTLIGHT]King 'played a blinder' over Harry and Meghan Coronation issue–expert [UPDATES]   "She travelled to the Abbey with the Queen Mother and they sat in a box overlooking proceedings with a four-year-old Prince Charles squashed between them. "A similar scenario for the Princess of Wales and her three children is likely – William and his offspring are next in line to the throne and coronations deliberately emphasise the order of precedence and succession. "Like it or not this state occasion is all about royal hierarchy. ] "Visual messaging through both costume and carriage will remind us who the future King and Queen are (whether the Sussexes like it or not!)"    Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are all expected to be there dressed in their finery. As he is directly in line to the throne it is unlikely that he will be given a "servile role" such as pageboy, according to Dr Dunlop. However he and his sibling will be a "big visual pull" at the ceremony, as their grandfather the King was at his own mother's Coronation. Dr Dunlop explained: "Expect Charlotte in a dainty coronet [small crown] - perhaps even the one the late Queen wore to her father's coronation aged 10 - and the two brothers in frock coats and breeches. "Kate loves dressing up her children, so objections are unlikely. And the money shot everyone will want is a snap of the three siblings in their finery alongside the King and the Queen on Buckingham Palace balcony after the service." Other working royals such as Princess Anne, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex are expected to appear on the balcony, however it seems Harry and Prince Andrew will not be. 