Cristiano Ronaldo is making games harder for his new Saudi Arabian club Al-Nassr, a team-mate has surprisingly revealed. Former Bayern Munich star Luis Gustavo believes the Manchester United and Real Madrid legend is making opposition players raise their game when they face the Riyadh outfit. Al-Nassr’s form has underwhelmed since Ronaldo made his long-awaited debut in the Saudi Pro League last month. They won 1-0 when Ronaldo made his debut against Ettifaq on January 22 but were then knocked out of the Saudi Super Cup, and on Thursday were held to a 2-2 draw by Al Fateh. Ronaldo finally scored his first goal for his new side in that draw last week, bagging the equaliser from the penalty spot in the 93rd minute. But head coach Rudi Garcia blamed the 38-year-old for a crucial miss in the 3-1 Saudi Super Cup defeat by Al-Ittihad. And he has now been told that he makes matches harder for his team-mates. Defender Gustavo said: “Certainly the presence of Cristiano makes it difficult for us as all teams seek to participate against him in the best possible way, and he gives motivation to everyone [on the opposition].” JUST IN: Glazer experiment set to end after Ten Hag makes Man Utd transfer call Gustavo did also add that Ronaldo gives his side a big advantage when they go into games. Despite being a veteran himself at 35, the Brazilian told RT Arabic that everyone continues to learn from the striker. “His presence at Al-Nassr gives a great advantage to the group because we learn from him everyday, given the great capabilities he possesses, both technically and physically. Cristiano Ronaldo was created for challenges and he always succeeds in them,” Gustavo continued. “And everyone here is waiting for what he will present. He has already scored his first goal, and he therefore got rid of the pressure.” Ronaldo scored his first goal in Thursday’s draw, bagging a late penalty to secure a point. He wrote on Instagram afterwards: “Happy to have scored my first goal in the Saudi league and great effort by [the] whole team to achieve an important draw in a very difficult match!” DON'T MISS...Ratcliffe ‘using leverage and media’ to buy Man Utd and oust GlazersThe Glazers ‘have just one Man Utd takeover bidder’ in new twistMan Utd transfer plans remain unchanged amid Greenwood investigation Dropping points, though, means Al-Nassr are level on points with Al-Shabab at the top of the Saudi Pro League, albeit they take the top spot on goal difference and have a game in hand over their Riyadh rivals. Despite Saudi officials hoping Ronaldo will see out his career in the Middle East country, Garcia has bemusingly explained that the five-times Ballon d’Or winner will return to Europe before he retires. "He is one of the best players in the world. He will not finish his career at Al Nassr, he will return to Europe,” the former Roma tactician said in January. Ronaldo signed a two-year contract with the club following his Man Utd axing. The deal is reportedly worth £175m every 12 months and will see the player into his 40s.