Of course, our governments have had their fair share of disagreements, but I am pleased that during her time as First Minister we were able to work together to deliver some important initiatives. That includes successful UK city and growth deals in every part of Scotland – investing more than £1.5billion of UK Government cash – and two new UK Freeports for Scotland, on the Forth and in the Cromarty Firth. Both of these fantastic initiatives will bring vital investment, create thousands of much-needed jobs and boost local economic growth. Just what Scotland needs. This UK Government investment in Scotland comes on top of our multi-billion contracts to build warships on the Clyde, and millions in levelling-up funding going directly into Scottish communities. And remember how we worked with common endeavour during Covid, with the Scottish NHS doing such a fantastic job of delivering the roll-out of the UK Government’s supply of life-saving vaccines. We still face a difficult global environment, of course, and I am very pleased that the UK Government continues to lead the international response to Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine. But while those are important achievements, much more could be delivered for people in Scotland if the Scottish Government was not focused on independence. We need a reset. The new First Minister can, and indeed must, seize the chance for the Scottish Government to do things differently. That requires a fresh and renewed focus on the real priorities of the Scottish people.  So, I am today calling on whoever becomes the next First Minister to change course. I urge them to drop the obsession with independence. They need to concentrate on the challenges faced by people across Scotland and the rest of the UK. Scotland’s health services have still not recovered from the pandemic, with our NHS staff overworked and struggling with long waiting lists. Children and young people are still trying to catch up on their education after Covid, and the Scottish Government’s promises to get rid of the attainment gap have come to nothing. Scotland’s transport services and infrastructure are woeful. The number of lives in Scotland lost to drugs every year is the highest in Europe. Scottish councils are being forced to make cuts in services. Police numbers are down. The forthcoming deposit return scheme on drinks containers has producers up in arms. And the public debate on the issue of the gender recognition reform continues. People in Scotland simply don’t want another referendum, they want to see all their politicians working together on the issues that matter to them. They want to use the Scottish Government’s record block grant – more than £41billion a year – to make life better. It is for others to judge the outgoing First Minister’s legacy, but I am clear that Nationalists have a choice to make now. Will they continue with gripe and grievance, or embrace the chance to work positively with the UK Government?  The Prime Minister, Rishi Sunak, has been clear that we want to strengthen working relationships between the UK and the Scottish Government, to work together on the things that make a real tangible difference to people’s lives. His fresh approach was evident as soon as he came into office – calling Nicola Sturgeon within hours of entering Downing Street, meeting all the First Ministers in Blackpool in November, and dining with Nicola Sturgeon in Inverness to discuss joint areas of concern. He stands ready to work with the new First Minister on things like halving inflation, growing our economy, improving our energy security and improving transport links – as can be seen from our investment in the Fair Isle ferry and funding a feasibility study into improvements to the A75. Rather than continuing to pick fights with the UK Government, I hope to see a more positive approach from the next First Minister. I want them to work in partnership with the UK Government, so we can realise Scotland’s full potential as part of a strong and vibrant UK. Scotland needs a First Minister who will unite the country, and who will speak for all Scots. They need to reach across the political divide. No more distractions and excuses, the Scottish people deserve a relentless focus on what matters to them. The real win would be improving the lives of people in Scotland. Alister Jack is the Secretary of State for Scotland and the Conservative MP for Dumfries and Galloway. 