An asylum seeker and murderer could be deported after serving a life sentence for killing an aspiring Royal Marine. Lawangeen Abdulrahimzai will serve a minimum term of 29 years for the murder of 21-year-old Thomas Roberts after an argument outside a Subway takeaway in Bournemouth. But immigration minister Robert Jenrick said a deportation order could coincide with the end of his sentence. The defendant was already on the run for murder charges in Serbia when he arrived in the UK police reportedly warned of him carrying a knife seven times before he went on to murder Mr Roberts. The court heard that on the night of the attack, Mr Roberts was acting as the "peacemaker" after his friend got into an argument with Abdulrahimzai. The confrontation, which lasted only 24 seconds, saw Mr Roberts slap Abdulrahimzai in the face. The court heard that the defendant then revealed the knife, which he has hidden between two pairs of trousers. He stabbed Mr Roberts twice before running off into a nearby woodland, burying the knife and burning the clothes he was wearing, including an Afghan flag he was wearing as a staff. Answering questions in the House of Commons, Mr Jenrick assured Bournemouth West MP Conor Burns that Abdulrahimzai would be considered for deportation. Former minister Mr Burns had earlier told the Commons that he "should not have been in the United Kingdom".  READ MORE: Nicola Bulley searchers told to stop 'breaking into empty properties' Upon arrival in the UK Abdulrahimzai told authorities he was 14, up to six years younger that his actual age. Mr Burns told the Commons: "His foster carer reported to social services that he was carrying knives on a regular basis, that he was engaged in street fighting for money. "Yet he was allowed to go on and stab young Tom to death, a man who wanted to give his life in service to this country in our armed forces. "We let him down, there was a multi-agency failure and I would like the minister to use the opportunity of this debate this evening to recommit the Government to making sure that we are adequately testing people who are saying they are children, to work out whether in fact they are or not before we let them loose on the streets of our country." The Home Office said it will investigate the "red flags missed" and look at the full circumstances surrounding the case. Mr Jenrick said: "Individuals attempting to cheat our immigration system, using multiple names and aliases and ages must face decisive action. "It is unacceptable that we place those such as foster carers, such as schools and others who support individuals in intolerable and dangerous positions because we don't have access to sufficient data."