Tory officials are to contact the Commons Speaker after claims an MP was offered a £400,000 "bribe" to defect to Reform UK. The insurgent party that Brexit diehard Nigel Farage helped set up allegedly promised five years' salary if the Conservatives switched allegiance and went on to lose their seat.  But the MP reported the alleged incident to Conservative Campaign Headquarters which will now contact Sir Lindsay Hoyle. A Tory source said: "The Speaker will be told about what's happened and then we'll see what happens." The Conservative Party is looking at whether an offence has been committed that could end up with the Fraud Office, given the large amount allegedly involved. It raised concerns about MPs being offered "financial incentives" to change the Whip and how they vote. MPs' pay will rise to £86,584 from April after a 2.9 percent annual hike was signed off last week. Reform UK sources said the claims were "desperate nonsense" and a "smear" by "anxious" Tories. The party is expected to campaign hard in the Red Wall constituencies Tory activists fear they will struggle to hang on to at the next election.  Led by Richard Tice, Reform was born out of the ashes of the Brexit Party, changing its name after the 2019 general election to reflect its wider interests. Mr Farage, who is the party's president, helped to deliver a thumping 80-seat majority for former Prime Minister Boris Johnson by agreeing not to field candidates in key constituencies where they would split the vote. Reform UK is taking a much more hardline approach to the next election, claiming the Conservatives have "broken Britain" and "wrecked our country". It is also campaigning on illegal immigration, accusing the Conservatives of "12 years of failure" and who are "taking us for fools". Mr Tice claimed there is a "shadow immigration system" in place with a "one-way street to benefit Britain".  A Reform UK spokesman dismissed the allegations. He said: "This just shows how worried the Tories are about the impact of Reform when they are resorting to this desperate nonsense. "They can be assured that the increasing number of members, councillors and voters deserting the Tory party to join Reform are doing it primarily because of the Tories' woeful lack of courage and leadership. This just shows how worried the Tories are." 