A tank-familiar Ukrainian soldier can convert to an American Abrams, French Leopard or British Challenger with ten days of intensive training. But supersonic jet fighters and their hyper-sophisticated weapons systems are a different proposition. It takes months of acclimatisation to acquire these skills. The maintenance crews on the ground are not erks with a spanner. They too are skilled craftsmen with years of training. But there may be a way. Recently retired veterans in all categories might return to the colours if some very tasty fees were dangled before them. Perhaps within a newly-created international Freedom Air Corps based in, say, Poland. After all, Putin’s ace forces are not Russians. They are mostly dead. He is using Kadyrov’s Chechens and the Wagner Group of mercenaries, all paid much fatter salaries than the Russians. So this war is already multi-national. No analyst seems to have the slightest doubt that a massive Russian onslaught is coming, probably in the mid-spring when the tanks no longer bog down in semi-frozen mud. Or that Putin will not throw huge numbers at Ukraine. But any student of war will confirm that in combat quality counts a lot more than quantity and the quality of what Putin has left is grisly. He is emptying prisons of violent men, but are they motivated? Once out of jail, almost certainly not. Family men well over combat age are being forced into the ranks. If the Ukrainians broadcast decent treatment and safe passage home to all Russians who desert and surrender, Putin could lose entire battalions. And their kit is often rusty rubbish without enough ammo. One last factor needs to be addressed by those who think they have a crystal ball. If the onslaught of mid-spring fails, how many more does he think he can launch, even with Russia’s huge citizenry? He can bomb and rocket civilian buildings full of women and children until the cows come home, but that does not win wars. Not with the Ukrainians. Eventually it comes down to capturing landscape, controlling it and holding it. And that, at staggering cost in casualties and equipment, he has failed to do. One more awesomely costly failure and this could be his Stalingrad. By early summer we will know. Till then we in the West must absolutely not weaken. If he wins in Ukraine this megalomaniac will not stop. Those of us born and living far south of the Scottish border but with fond memories of several visits to the Borders, Edinburgh and elsewhere to the north have long regarded the Scots as a sensible, practical and no-nonsense people, which made their support for Nicola Sturgeon even odder as she steered their economy into functional bankruptcy. Every aspect has slumped under her governance, from life expectancy to waiting lists, to the budget deficit. The only thing that has boomed are drug deaths, reaching record highs. But this is at last changing with her resignation on Wednesday. The sea-change in mood seems to have been triggered by her bizarre insistence that a double-rapist sporting a bulging set of male equipment is, in fact, a woman because he says so and thereby entitled to go to a women’s jail. Hopefully spring and the elections will bring a return to hard-headed realism. The alliance forged in 1707 that created the United Kingdom works fine for both of us, including Scotland which, under Devolution, has 90 per cent self-government anyway. It used to be synonymous with having a Conservative government that, whatever our other problems, we need never worry about the state of the nation’s defences. Now with a virtually socialist government staring across the House at a socialist opposition, we have just been told our armed forces are so gutted they are hardly fit for purpose. And this is senior generals, air marshals and admirals talking. All of our soldiers would not fill Wembley Stadium. Our multi-billion pound aircraft carrier Prince of Wales lies at anchor once again, crippled by constructional flaws. Our Strike Command could hardly re-enact the Battle of Britain. It’s all about the money, wails the Government. With all our tax hikes we still never have enough and we need to tax you even more or starve the NHS which is sacred. In fact the money IS there. It is in the vast, bloated salary bill of the Civil Service, about the only thing that never shrinks but constantly expands. It is there for pipe-dream schemes like “net zero by 2050”. It is there in vanity projects like HS2. Well, there will be a general election in a year and a half. We could change our government to something better, even something more British. Er, no. If we got Labour or even a Labour-Lib Dem coalition it would be even worse. And to drag Boris Johnson off the vastly more lucrative lecture circuit is not the answer either. This steady degeneration started under him with the ghastly SAGE committee and lockdown. I’m beginning to dream of a military junta. A regime of the Special Forces, Marines, Paras and Guards might work. They know how to give orders and see they are carried out to the letter, on time. How our native language is changing. All living languages change, with once-habitual words and phrases passing into disuse and others arriving to common practice. The new words almost all refer to things unknown a few years ago. But ours is in a state of constant innovation and for us old codgers a lot of it might as well be in classical Latin. Easier if it were as we learnt that in school days long ago. The tech world alone, what I call computer-speak, must have added several hundred new words, many of them abbreviations like “bot” for “robot”, but most are much more obscure than that, unless like today’s youngsters we are fluent in computer-speak. Then there is the new “woke” vocabulary. The other day I saw a list of about eight initials beginning LGBT... I could work out lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans; then I ran out. I used to make quite a good living using the English language and it is incredibly rich in words, phrases and nuances. There is absolutely nothing that cannot be expressed in English. Yet when I switch on the telly to catch a thriller by a new young author I often find myself after Minute 20 (my yardstick for going on or switching channels) asking: “What the hell are they talking about?” Lee Anderson MP is the new deputy chairman of the Tory party and has come up with a wizard wheeze. Let’s restore capital punishment. Like immigrants to Rwanda, it won’t work. Why, with the entire country in crisis at every level, do they waste our time? The last man hanged was in 1964. Times have changed, people have changed, conceptions of right and wrong have changed. If an attempt were made to hang someone today three things would follow. Some police officers, or even forensic scientists, discovering proof of guilt but unwilling to send a person to the hanging room, would manage to lose that evidence. Some witnesses, on conscientious grounds, would not be able to stare across the courtroom at the person they were going to send to the gallows. And some jury members would simply not be able to send the defendant to that appointment with the hangman. We would have a sudden list of undetectable murders, suspicious acquittals and hung juries. Worse, the acquitted killers would all be put back on our streets.