Speculation over who the next James Bond will be has been rife over the last few years since Daniel Craig exited the 007 franchise so explosively in No Time To Die. It’s been almost 20 years since the last round of Bond auditions and according to reports they’ve already been happening in secret with Kick-Ass and Avengers: Age of Ulton star Aaron Taylor-Johnson being the frontrunner. The 32-year-old is certainly the right age to be starting a career as Bond and has a ton of experience in action cinema, most recently co-starring in Bullet Train with Brad Pitt. Taylor-Johnson is also on the cusp of being an A-lister, having only previously starred in smaller movies and supported big ones. Although with Kraven the Hunter out later this year, that’s all about to change, so now is the perfect time for him to be cast as the new 007. And according to insiders, he’s certainly headed that way. According to The Sun, sources previously said: “Aaron went for a screen test to be the next Bond in September and producers and Barbara [Broccoli] loved him. He is now one of the front-runners… Aaron has impressed bosses so much that he has filmed one of the franchise’s famous gun barrel teaser scenes, something all the Bond actors do. That move takes him a step closer to signing a deal. Bosses at the brand were really impressed with his unique blend of acting intensity and his impressive back catalogue of action films.” Rumour has it that Taylor-Johnson will be announced as the new Bond as soon as March. And now for the first time since all this 007 buzz began swirling around him, the actor himself has spoken out and it’s all sounding very positive. READ MORE: Sean Connery's James Bond co-star shot himself before 007 film wrapped Speaking with Vanity Fair, Taylor-Johnson said: “It’s flattering. You can have something really positive [written about you], but you can also have something really negative that can circulate. You just want to stay in your lane, stay grounded, stay around the people that you love and love you back, and stay in that world. Because the moment you start believing the s*** people say about you, you’ve lost your f***ing mind. You’ve lost it.” That certainly wasn’t a denial of the audition or shut down of the rumours like other bookies' favourites, was it? Check out the latest odds for next Bond below. DON'T MISSMost handsome James Bond star determined by Ancient Greek Golden Ratio [JAMES BONDS]Next James Bond favourite Aaron Taylor-Johnson ruled out by 007 star [AARON TAYLOR-JOHNSON]James Bond – James Brolin was devastated to be dropped as 007 [EXCLUSIVE] Taylor-Johnson leads the next Bond odds on 5-2 alongside Henry Cavill, who was Craig’s runner-up in the Casino Royale auditions 18 years ago. Just behind them are James Norton on 7-2, Regé-Jean Page on 6-1, Tom Hardy on 7-1 and Jack Lowden on 10-1. Fingers crossed an announcement is only a few weeks away as those rumours suggest. SOURCE