Martina Navratilova has issued an update after being diagnosed with two forms of cancer. Last month, the tennis icon revealed that she had been diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time in her life in addition to having cancer in her throat. The 18-time Major winner is now “hanging in there” as she undergoes treatment. Navratilova revealed her cancer diagnosis last month - 13 years after being given the all-clear from breast cancer following radiation treatment. The 66-year-old discovered a swollen lymph node in her neck in November, and last month told fans that the breast cancer had returned alongside throat cancer. “This double whammy is serious but still fixable. I'm hoping for a favourable outcome. It's going to stink for a while but I'll fight with all I have got,” she said, later adding: “Needless to say my phone and Twitter are both blowing up so I will say again - thank you all for your support and I am not done yet.” Navratilova has now shared a brief update following a message from a concerned fan after beginning her treatment last month. “How are you @Martina? Just remember, nothing can beat YOU,” a fan asked the retired former world No 1 on Tuesday, as she responded: “Hanging in there, thanks :)”. JUST IN: Kyrgios' manager has injury surgery update as comeback timeframe given   Navratilova was unable to travel to last month’s Australian Open for her work as a pundit following the diagnosis, but a statement from her representative said the prognosis was “good”. “Martina Navratilova has been diagnosed with stage one throat cancer. The prognosis is good and Martina will start her treatment this month. The cancer type is HPV and this particular type responds really well to treatment,” it read. “Martina noticed an enlarged lymph node in her neck during the WTA finals in Fort Worth. When it didn't go down, a biopsy was performed, the results came back as stage one throat cancer. DON'T MISSRybakina coach criticised again despite champion slamming 'fake news'Djokovic, Nadal and Federer's greatest Slam wins after Novak's verdictAndy Murray names Kyrgios and Federer as £300m Aus Open gamble fails “At the same time as Martina was undergoing the tests for the throat, a suspicious form was found in her breast, which was subsequently diagnosed as cancer, completely unrelated to the throat cancer. Both these cancers are in their early stages with great outcomes.” The record 167-time singles title winner was previously diagnosed with breast cancer in 2010 after undergoing a routine mammogram in January of that year. The following month she was informed that she had a  ductal carcinoma in situ in her left breast and she announced that she was being treated on April 7. The tumour was surgically removed in March before she began receiving radiation therapy in May. 