Amy Dowden, 32, could barely contain her emotion as she took to Instagram to show fans the extent of her symptoms after her latest Crohn's disease flare up. The Strictly Come Dancing pro filmed herself speaking to the camera as he appealed for advice to manage her symptoms, which she admitted she is “really fed up” of. Amy began: “I was really hoping that I’d wake up today and the swelling would’ve gone down on my face - bit of wishful thinking, I know. “But as soon as I woke up about an hour ago I could feel my eyes were sore, I’d feel the swelling. “And it’s really starting to get me down now….” the pro dancer added. Amy went on: “I’ve tried cold flannels, cooling masks, so any recommendations would be gratefully appreciated. “I have got a video call with the doctor in a bit.” She added: “I’m just starting to get really fed up now because I'm on tour and I just want to be making the most of it and having fun with the amazing gang. “So, I’m feeling pretty fed up and asking if anyone’s got any advice out there.” In a follow-up video, Amy showed the extent of her swelling to the camera as she continued to film herself. She said: “[I got] so many wonderful messages. “Some people are saying that their face was like this when they were on steroids. Lucky enough I’m not on steroids.” Pointing at her under eye area, Amy added: “You can really see the swelling here. It actually looks better on here.” Amy had reached out for help yesterday as she bravely opened up about her struggles with Crohn's disease after her latest flare up. DON'T MISS...Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [UPDATE]The Grammys sees Lizzo take spotlight in orange as she joins guests [GRAMMYS]Doja Cat and Bebe Rexha lead with red carpet looks at Grammy Awards [PICS] The illness has affected the TV star’s eyes and face, but she has insisted that this “won’t stop her” from dancing up a storm. According to the NHS, Crohn's disease is “a lifelong condition where parts of the digestive system become inflamed.” It's also a type of the condition known as inflammatory bowel disease - or IBD. Speaking to her Instagram followers yesterday, Amy said: “As much as I love showing you all the fabulous fun things I get to do, this is also my reality. “So living with Crohn’s, the last few days my eyes have properly flared up. “But it’s ok, you keep smiling. The makeup girls do all they can to make me feel amazing and beautiful. “And look, I’ve got a cup of tea and I’m about to go,” she added, before greeting makeup artist Jessie O'Leary. Amy is one of the professional dancers travelling around the country to take part in the Strictly Come Dancing Live Tour alongside a cast of celebrities.