As Nicola Sturgeon waved goodbye to her role as Scotland’s First Minister today she looked very different from the person she was when first elected as an Member of the Scottish Parliament. Throughout her time as leader of the Scottish National Party she has clung on to the idea of Scotland having a second independence referendum and that ensured she and her party retained its dominance in Scottish politics.   She started the role with the SNP licking its wounds after being defeated in the Scottish independence referendum, with 55.3 percent of Scots voting to remain part of the UK and 44.7 percent voting to break away. And then her desire to try again by having another independence referendum was the policy that kept her momentum as leader, and the SNP firmly in power as she did her best to make people see her point of view. The polls over her time in office reflect that she did this, and in May 2021 she led her party to a record-breaking fourth term in government, clinching a record-breaking 62 constituency seats. They achieved the biggest vote share ever achieved since devolution. And instead of retreating the large campaigning base of the SNP in Scotland has also meant that the party holds the vast majority of the Scottish parliamentary seats at Westminster. Importantly she remained popular despite her failure to win Scotland the right to hold a second referendum with a recent YouGov poll revealing that 52 percent of Scots thought she was performing well in the job, compared to 39 percent who thought she was doing badly.    Part of being a successful politician, especially at the very top, is having the right image to make you seem relatable and polished, but not too polished. Daily Record reports that there are rumours she achieved this side of the role by having a personal shopper and stylist during her time as FM as she overhauled her image to become the dominant leader of the SNP. During her time as party leader she went from boxy jackets and suits, all the while the SNP has been growing in popularity, her style has evolved along with her power as a politician. Ms Sturgeon spoke of how she used to dress like her male peers during her early years in politics because she “subconsciously” emulated the men around her. But despite the rumours of a stylist and personal shopper, she explained she puts no effort into her “look” and said: “I just get up in the morning and put clothes on." Speaking on an episode of the Cultural Coven podcast, which was released last March, she said: "People say to me about my look, I've no idea what that is. I just get up in the morning and put clothes on." READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's 'significant issues with alcohol' police announce  "When I was much younger in politics, it was - it still is but even more so then - a very male-dominated environment. “I think subconsciously you kind of end up emulating the behaviour but also the kind of look of the men so I would wear very sort of severe trouser suits and such like, and then I've lightened up I hope a little bit over the years. "But most mornings it is a disaster of me trying to find what is less in need of dry cleaning in the wardrobe at any given time." The First Minister also said that women had been "literally written out of history" and called for "many more" statues of women in the future - although she said she wouldn't want a statue of herself. DON'T MISSMarried woman accused of decapitating lover attacks lawyer in court [REPORT]Mum who looks ‘15 years younger’ than her age share tips  [PICTURED]Sussexes to have 'fair trial' as 'Americans don't care' about them [ANALYSIS]   The public has got used to seeing Ms Sturgeon in bright colours like fuschia, red and green when she is at work in Holyrood, debating her policies past the opposition. But pictures of the 52-year-old taken after she had made her resignation speech show she still sometimes wears the dark colours she wore in the past. As she left her official residence, Bute House in Edinburgh, earlier today, via the back door, she was wearing a dark blue hoodie and blue jeans. There is now the question of who will replace Ms Sturgeon and whether they will use her technique of battling for a second referendum to ensure the SNP retains its dominance in Scottish politics. 