Former NBA MVP Russell Westbrook is one of the most divisive players in basketball having suffered a career slump in recent years. That being said, the 34-year-old’s performances on the court, particularly in his younger years, mean he’ll be remembered for generations to come, and he has the bank balance to prove it. Before February’s NBA trade deadline, Westbrook was sent to the Utah Jazz in a three team trade which included the Minnesota Timberwolves, bringing an end to his miserable 18 months with the LA Lakers. The nine-time All-Star was widely expected to agree a buy-out with his new team in a move which would see him forgo a staggering $12.4million still owed to him, but required to release him from his existing deal. According to a report from ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, Westbrook's agent, Jeff Schwartz of Excel Sports, confirmed his client has chosen to join the Lakers’ cross town rivals, the LA Clippers, once negotiations with the Jazz have been finalised as he bids to capture an elusive NBA championship. The California native has a net worth of $72.9million according to Forbes’ 2022 rich list of athletes which might explain his willingness to complete the costly transfer. In 2017, Westbrook signed a five-year, $207million extension with the Oklahoma City Thunder, at the time the NBA biggest-ever contract in terms of total value. As a result, the two-time scoring champion placed 11th in Forbes’ 2022 list of richest athletes, with the outlet calculating a figure of $44.2million coming from his NBA earnings. READ MORE Russell Westbrook joins Los Angeles Lakers rival after 'toxic' end with LeBron James Boston Celtics star Jayson Tatum idolises 'role model' team-mate who helped NBA rise NBA announces new app with frightening deepfake technology as fans left staggered As one of the most widely known faces in the sport, it is little surprise Westbrook also enjoys a healthy $35million in endorsements thanks to lucrative contracts with Nike and Hennessy. He is also the owner of ten car dealerships in the Los Angeles area that add millions of dollars to his bank balance. The 2012 Olympic gold medallist first broke onto the scene with the Thunder alongside fellow future hall-of-famers Kevin Durant and James Harden and helped the young side challenge the NBA’s more seasoned outfits, even managing to reach the NBA Finals in 2012. The highlight of Westbrook’s career came in the 2016/17 season when he was rewarded for his historic run of triple double averages and named the league’s most valuable player. Unsuccessful stints with the Houston Rockets, Washington Wizards and Lakers have tempered thoughts of those heady days but the fearless point guard will hope his championship ambitions can be achieved with the Clippers.