 The Strictly Come Dancing judge, 56, was the longest-serving professional dancer on the show before heading to the judges' panel. However, should he ever return, the BBC star claimed his ideal dance partner, Zara Tindall, has already declined his offer in what he calls a “tragic” denial.   Although current Strictly viewers will know Anton as the ever-optimistic judge sitting alongside Shirley Ballas, he only rose to this post in 2021. Prior to that, Anton spent almost two decades as a professional on the show but surprisingly was never able to take home the Glitterball trophy. Now as a judge, Anton rarely takes an eight-count on the ballroom floor and claims that his dream partner for his return to the dance floor has already declined his offer. By chance, the dad-of-two plays gold with former rugby player and I’m A Celebrity contestant Mike Tindall, 44. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes at loggerheads with wife Ruth Langsford as she refuses his Belfast move plan  Speaking to The Times, Anton revealed that his dream partner would be Mike’s wife, the 20th person in line for the British throne Zara Tindall, 41. However, Anton’s Strictly fantasy doesn’t stop there as he has one more stipulation for Zara’s appearance. He shared: “My dream would be to dance with Zara in a competition against Mike.” Therein lies the problem though, as Anton revealed Mike has already said no.     Anton continued: “He’s already said he’d never do it, which is a tragedy. “A tragedy!” he reiterated. The dancer admitted that “for fellas”, dancing often comes with a feeling of “dread”, even when it’s not on national television. He noted that many “think it’s like walking onto stage naked”, but wished he could reassure Mike that there’s “such joy” just behind that “little fear”.  Although Anton may never get to live out his full Strictly-royal fantasy, some believe Zara could soon be making an appearance on the show. Late last year, Mike joined the cast of I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here and just narrowly missed a spot in the final three. The minor royal’s casting was initially controversial, but Mike proved to be a sensation on the show, garnering a devoted following as he candidly revealed some behind-the-scenes tales of royal life. Although he didn’t come home with the grand prize, his success in the show could open the doors for a few more reality stints for royals according to one expert.  In December, royal expert Duncan Larcombe noted that Mike’s success could mean Zara will have the freedom to join Strictly if she wished. Speaking to OK in December, Duncan said: “Zara appearing on Strictly is not out of the realm of possibility. “It would be a gamble, but I think if she were to say she wanted to do it, she’d have the full support of King Charles." The expert added that Mike’s success in the jungle is a sign that the royal couple “might be able to play a more significant role with their celebrity status” soon.