EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen will fly to the UK on Monday as the bloc continues work towards a solution on the Northern Ireland Protocol with Rishi Sunak's Government. The officials said in a joint statement today that the two parties seek to hammer out changes that could provide "shared, practical solutions" for the hated deal. The announcement provides a ray of hope for those who hope the two Governments can strike a deal that sorts concerns over the deal's impact on trade within the UK. The statement reads: “Today, President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak agreed to continue their work in person towards shared, practical solutions for the range of complex challenges around the Protocol on Ireland and Northern Ireland. “President von der Leyen will therefore meet with the Prime Minister in the UK tomorrow.” Officials on both sides of the English Channel have signalled positive progress on a new deal since Mr Sunak became Prime Minister. Number 10 said last week that a call between the Prime Minister and Ms von der Leyen signalled "good progress". READ MORE: Sunak faces furious Brexit revolt TODAY as he pushes for EU deal The Government added that a breakthrough seemed close following “positive” discussions. Speaking to Sky News' Sophy Ridge earlier today, Justice minister Dominic Raab said an agreement could come soon. He told the presenter a prospective deal was possible in “days, not weeks”. He added: “We’ve clearly made some progress in recent weeks and days, and it is really important to get this fixed.” While he stopped short of saying whether a new deal could come by Monday, February 27, he said there was "real progress". Mr Raab said: “We want to make sure all the pieces are in place. But I think, hopefully, there will be good news in a matter of days, not weeks.” The Prime Minister shared similar optimism while speaking with the Sunday Times this weekend. He said UK negotiators were "giving it everything" to strike a deal. The Government and the EU have spent months locked in negotiations over the protocol, which was first agreed by Boris Johnson's Government to prevent a hard trade border on the island of Ireland. While it has done as intended, unionists have complained about economic barriers erected by the process. The conservative Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has refused to form an executive with the majority Sinn Feinn in Stormont unless officials agreed to scrap the protocol. The assembly has struggled to function since last year, with another executive election scheduled for 2023.