Dawn French, 65, stunned fans as she showed off her natural beauty in a makeup-free video after radically changing her hairstyle. The comedian looked completely different after swapping her stable brown bob for her natural grey hair. In the video, shared in view of her 541,000 followers, Dawn pretended to be on holiday with Luther actor Idris Elba. She greeted her fans with a big smile on her face before interrupting herself, saying: “Idris, stop it. “Seriously, I'm trying to do something witty and alluring for Instagram. “He's doing that thing that boys do. That windmill dance with their down belows. Stop it! READ MORE: Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith in dig after star's BRITs appearance “We're away on holiday together and honestly he doesn't want me doing anything else but spending time with him.” Dawn, who has previously joked about Idris being her “boyfriend” in posts, captioned the clip: “Life with Idris”. The actress also debuted her new grey hair, which she spoke about during an interview with Good Housekeeping magazine. "The real trigger came during the lockdowns when I was dying my hair myself, and I just couldn’t be bothered to keep doing it," she said. "I let my natural grey come through," Dawn went on. “I also cut some of it myself - to my hairdresser's alarm!" But the hair is not the only thing that has changed about Dawn as of late, as she went through an impressive weight loss transformation after losing seven stone. She spoke out about her new figure, which began after she found out she needed to slim down for a hysterectomy. DON'T MISS...Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [LATEST]Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [BRIT AWARDS]Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES] In order to get her keyhole surgery after a cancer scare, she admitted she had no choice but to lose weight. Dawn said: “When I was due to have my hysterectomy the doctor told me that if I could lose some weight before the op, they would be able to do it via keyhole, and I would recover in three weeks or so. “Otherwise it would be big open surgery, and three months to recover.” The star revealed she based her new diet on low-calorie meals and started exercising regularly. She explained: "I set about dropping a few stone. No magic wand, just tiny, joyless low-cal eating and lots more walking for weeks and weeks. “It was grim. I lost seven-and-a-half stone. I could have the keyhole surgery. Great. That’s all it was, practical," she added during an appearance on Loose Women. The NHS explains a low calorie diet "is a clinically supervised diet plan that involves eating about 800 calories a day or fewer". "They are sometimes considered for obese and severely obese people who are managing diabetes, going to have surgery or preparing for fertility treatment. The diet usually involves replacing normal food with low-calorie shakes, soups, bars, or porridge containing milk."