 Chrishell Stause, 41, one of the lead agents of the reality real estate show Selling Sunset, reassured her three million followers that she was being well taken care of following the surgery. However, the television star issued a warning about the red flags people should look out for to avoid a similar situation themselves.   The reality star took to Instagram on Thursday, sharing a snap directly from her hospital bed. Reassuring her following, she wrote: “Had a minor surgery today and had a large ovarian cyst removed. “Thank you Dr. Hakakha for taking such good care of me.” Chrishell added a warning saying: “If you have bad unexplained cramps, don't ignore it!" READ MORE: Madonna fires back at ‘misogynistic and ageist’ comments about Grammy Awards appearance  The realtor insinuated her partner, Australian non-binary musician G Flip, is taking care of the star, as she wrote: “Feeling good and being looked after by my (purple heart emoji).” Chrishell and G Flip’s relationship has stirred headlines and viewers following the realtor's split from Justin Hartley in 2021. G Flip, whose real name is Georgia Flipo, first met when the musician was playing a Halloween show in 2021 with Tones and I, who had been working with Chrishell to find a home in Los Angeles. A few months later G Flip moved to Los Angeles and contacted Chrishell, not just for real estate purposes but also wanting to find some friends in a new city.     Chrishell arranged a small party to help the drummer meet as many people as possible, and while she had invited someone she was romantically interested in, she had been stood up. G Flip recounted the night with Australian Vogue: “I rocked up to Chrishell’s party totally by myself and I forced myself to talk to people and make friends.” “Chrishell got stood up and then we ended up kissing.” However, the realtor notes she fully believed “I was straight at that party”, and when G Flip asked her out Chrishell ended up apologising “for being straight”.  Chrishell began questioning her sexuality a while later as she tried to help G Flip rent a home in Los Angeles, in a brief moment that “opened my brain up to the fact that I’m attracted to energy, not whatever physical thing that people have in their head.” The realtor was also in talks at the time to join a dating show, but as her relationship progressed with the musician she chose to decline the opportunity, adding: “It was the best ‘no’ I’ve ever given.” Chrishell confirmed her relationship in the reunion episode of Selling Sunset season five, which immediately thrust the couple into the spotlight. She admitted that while there were “supportive messages” it also caused “an unbelievable flood of trolling.”  It was a considered move to announce their relationship on the show, and G Flip noted in the interview just why they did it. They said: “We could have kept everything quiet. “But then they win. They quiet you and take your voice.” The musician is set to make an appearance in the upcoming sixth season of Selling Sunset this year.