A UK-based business is taking an innovative approach to combatting drink spiking by piloting a scheme for testing drinks and reporting the results via an app. Based in Shrewsbury in Shropshire, 1st & Bowery distribute test kits that can pick up two of the most common date rape drugs – GHB and Ketamine. Any customers who suspect their drink may have been spiked are encouraged to test their beverage and report the results via a QR code displayed in the venue. The independent firm hopes the scheme will help address cases of drink spiking in bars and licensed premises across the night-time economy in England, Scotland, and Wales. Director of the company, Vince Dovey, has said: “If a person is worried whether their drink has been tampered with, then simply using a test strip supplied by a member of staff, will help to allay any concerns.” “We believe that venues offering test strips free of charge to their customers alongside our innovative reporting product, will be seen as leading the fight against drink spiking.” The CYD test strips were developed by two UK universities – University College London and Strathclyde University and provide a result in “just seconds.” Two drops of any suspect drink are applied to a test strip that will turn blue or orange if the drink has been tampered with. Katie Burrington, the founder of CYD, the company that produces the tests, initially developed the kits out of concern for her own children after husband and criminal lawyer Richard Burrington began dealing with an increase in drink-spiking incidents. During development, the tests were checked against various alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks to check for false positives. Once a test has been conducted, the result can be instantly and anonymously reported to record incidences and preserve evidence of spiking. The data can then be available to local police, council and licencing authorities, along with other stakeholders (such as Pubwatch), as well as internally to the venue. However, the information will not be made directly accessible to the public. Mr Dovey continued: “Our app reports incidences through scanning QR codes on two separately designed posters: one for management and staff, and one for customers.” “There is anecdotal evidence suggesting anti-spiking measures may soon become mandatory at establishments, as a condition to them either applying for, or renewing a licence with local authorities.” READ MORE: Man wakes up to find £98k missing from his account after being 'spiked in strip club' For businesses adopting the scheme, Mr Dovey hoped the combination of testing and reporting would only “enhance a venue’s reputation.” 1st & Bowery is running a pilot scheme at two venues in Shropshire, Albert’s Shed in Shrewsbury and Telford. Venue director, David Gregg, said: “While we already have strict measures in place regarding safety, adding 1st & Bowery’s test strips and reporting procedures will function as a further deterrent to the perpetrators and offer peace of mind to our customers.” “We take the potential scourge of drink spiking very seriously.” The company is also in discussions with the Night Time Industries Association, BIDs (business improvement districts) and local councils, with a view to a wider roll-out in March. DON'T MISS:   According to a YouGov survey taken in December of last year, 10% of women say they have personally had a drink spiked. Eight percent of respondents said that someone in their family had previously had a drink spiked, while 10% told of how it had happened to a friend. One in seven women (14%) reported that they knew someone else who had been a victim of spiking, meaning that, in total, 35% of women say they have either had a drink spiked themselves or know someone who has or both.