Simone Robertson, 32, was tipping the scales at 28 stone and struggling to squeeze into a size 32 when doctors told her she had “life-threatening” liver cirrhosis due to her weight. Dubbed “end-stage” liver disease, cirrhosis describes scarring of the liver triggered by long-term damage to the reddish-brown organ. Fortunately, the mum-of-two managed to reverse the daunting diagnosis. The self-confessed Marmite-on-toast addict would devour 12 slices of bread a day before being diagnosed with terminal liver failure. Apart from alcohol and hepatitis, excess fat is another key driver of cirrhosis in the UK, according to the NHS. The health service explains that a severe form of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, where the liver becomes inflamed from having too much fat, can whip up the “end-stage” liver condition. The 32-year-old, from Brandon, West Suffolk, piled on the pounds after having two difficult pregnancies and becoming a “borderline recluse” - using savoury snacks as a comfort. READ MORE: Half of young people at 'increased risk' of 'key' vitamin deficiency - diet could be cause After two C-sections, Simone lost her confidence, became anxious and used food as an emotional support. She said: "I didn't really have a sweet tooth, but I could eat tonnes of white carbs. ''I just loved them - I could eat up to 12 pieces of toast a day.” She was addicted to a heavy carb diet, packed with potatoes, bread, cheese and onion crisps.  At the beginning of 2021, the mum became seriously unwell with severe back and stomach pains. Her doctors would usually attribute any issues to her weight, leaving her in agony for six months without a diagnosis. However, her GP eventually noticed she had very high liver enzyme levels and sent her for an ultrasound and other tests. Simone said: ''I could tell it wasn't good news as the woman doing the scan, who I'd been happily chatting away to, went really quiet - the whole atmosphere changed. ''It was really scary. I'd only ever heard of cirrhosis in alcoholics. READ MORE: Excess deaths mystery 'needs solving urgently', says ONS ''They basically said there was no way to reverse it. But if I lost weight, I could stop the progression.” After her diagnosis at West Suffolk Hospital, Bury St Edmunds, Simone became determined to lose the extra stones. Cutting out all bread and crisps, the former carb addict began to set time aside each day to use her indoor exercise bike, watching cooking shows like MasterChef and Nigella. Being married to baker Danny Robertson, 39, made things hard as he'd regularly bring home a variety of baked treats. However, she learned to decline any invites to try his creations - even shunning her own handmade birthday cake. In just 18 months, she lost over 16 stone, and went down to a dress size 10, by leaving carbs and processed foods behind. The former factory worker, who is now a stay-at-home mum, swapped these pesky foods for lean meats like chicken and salmon and lots of fresh vegetables. Furthermore, nuts and small squares of dark chocolate have become her new go-to snacks. Simone said: ''I thought I was going to die but the doctors are amazed as scans show my liver is pretty much back to full health. ''It's looking like my liver might even have repaired itself too which is really rare and quite unheard of. I feel so lucky.''