 Millions of households in England are facing a hefty increase in their council tax bill from April. The amount council tax rises is decided by each local council respectively, but more than 80 have said they plan to raise it by the maximum amount, according to the County Councils Network (CCN). Councils are allowed to rise bills by a maximum of 4.99 percent without a local vote, meaning people can expect to pay more from April onwards. However, there are ways some people could potentially cut their council tax bills - but they will need to take action. If a person is the only individual over the age of 18 living in a home which is their sole or main residence, they could get a discount. Council tax is usually calculated as 50 percent property tax and 50 percent residential tax. READ MORE: Pension tax changes could 'leave more facing poverty' in retirement As the 50 percent residential part is based on two adults living in the property,  this is reduced to 25 percent if one person lives in the property. To claim a single person discount, Britons should contact their local council to fill out a form. Those on a low income might be able to get their council tax reduced, according to Citizens Advice. They will need to reach out to their local council to provide details about their living circumstances. This will help the council determine if a person is entitled to a council tax reduction. DON'T MISSState pension age increases are changing [INSIGHT]WhatsApp warning as dangerous offer message circulates [WARNING]State pension age could ‘rise faster’ due to life expectancy [EXCLUSIVE] Those who are awarded a council tax reduction do not tend to get an actual payment. Instead, they can expect the council to reduce the amount of council tax they have to pay. While there is no set amount of council tax reduction available, those on Pension Credit could be eligible for help. Those in receipt of the Guarantee Credit part of Pension Credit could even get their council tax paid in full, according to Age UK. READ MORE: PIP set to be increased - how much you could get from DWP Pensioners who do not get Guarantee Credit, but have a low income and less than £16,000 in savings could still be entitled to some help. The Pension Service and the Pension Credit claim line is likely to be able to provide assistance, as well as a person’s local council. Carers who live in the same property as the person they are caring for could get a council tax discount, the charity Turn2Us explained. The carer will need to provide more than 35 hours per week of care, and the person they are caring for needs to be getting one of the following benefits: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The charity stated it does not matter whether or not someone gets Carer’s Allowance. However, the person they care for cannot be their husband, wife, civil partner or child under 18. Britons need to speak to their local authority to ask how to apply for the discount. Those living in a self-contained annexe or ‘granny flat’ could be eligible for a council tax discount. The rules may vary according to each local council, so it is important to check. Under usual rules, the annexe must be totally self-contained and separate living area from the main house. To qualify for a 50 percent discount the annexe must typically be in use by a family member.