An anti-gun campaigner who lost his mum, sister and aunt in a mass shooting 11 years ago says he is only a phone call away if Emma and Lettie Pattison’s family need support. Bobby Turnbull says he will never get over what happened to his family and says the loved ones of the victims of the Epsom College shooting are now embarking on the same “horrific” journey.    His nightmare began on New Year's Day 2012 when his aunt’s partner Michael Atherton killed her and Bobby’s mum and sister at their home in Horden, County Durham. Atherton then turned the gun on himself. Mr Turnbull said: “It's a strange thing because these victims’ families now are going to go through a massive process now of anger, heartache, grief and people go through the stages in completely different ways to other people. “What I've been through for the past 11 years and what I'll go through for the next 40, 50 years of my life - or however long. It's never going to leave them. “It's like every birthday, every Christmas, every new year, every family anniversary - if there's ever a wedding. “People should be there, but they can't be there because they are not here. “When these people get buried, it's not just over and done with like. “Life goes on for the community but for the victims who were close, it doesn't end for the people like me."    He added: “I lost three people in my family, so I've got three birthdays, then there's Christmas Day and New Year's Day - the anniversary. It never leaves you.” “These people are going to be going through the same as what I've been going through and it's just horrific that it's still happening.” The nightmare for Emma and Lettie Pattison’s family began in the early hours of February 5. Mrs Pattison had made a distressed phone call to her sister leading to her sister to drive to the house in the grounds of Epsom College. But by the time she got there her sister Emma, who had recently taken over as headteacher of the school, her niece seven-year-old Lettie, and her brother-in-law George were dead. Police believe that George Pattison killed his wife and daughter and then turned the gun on himself. Mr Turnbull says this was allowed to happen because despite there being guidance in place about how firearms should be licensed in the UK, and what criteria should mean someone is not allowed a licence, it is just guidance rather than there being a national set of standards that all police forces should adhere to. READ MORE: Soviet Russia's chilling plan to take West to war and capture Europe   He has been campaigning to change this ever since police failings were highlighted in the inquest into how Atherton killed his partner Susan Goldrick, 47, her sister Alison Turnbull, 44, and Alison’s 24-year-old daughter Tanya. The inquest into the shootings at Atherton's home in Horden, heard there was no formal training for police officers involved in granting firearms licences. Giving evidence, one investigating officer at Durham Constabulary had never seen guidance by the Home Office or the Association of Chief Police Officers (Acpo) about the issuing of gun certificates. Atherton legally owned six weapons, including three shotguns, despite him having a history of domestic abuse. The taxi driver’s guns had been confiscated by police when he allegedly threatened to shoot himself three years before the killings, but they gave his weapons back after assessing he was fit to continue to hold them. And Mr Turnbull says that another mass shooting will happen again unless the Government listens to people like him and toughens up gun laws. This would include ensuring that people with a history of mental health issues cannot have a licence, where there are reports of domestic abuse, and where someone has lied on a form. DON'T MISSKing Charles faces dozens of placard-waving protestors [PICTURED]VDL warned of 'dangerous drift' as Brussels scrambles to chase US plan [REPORT]Nikki Haley praises ultimate Iron Lady' Thatcher in White House bid [ANALYSIS]   He said: “It's only a matter of time before it happens again. It will happen again, it will. "It's awful to say but of course it's going to happen again because the government and the police forces aren't doing anything about it. "Well, they are but they aren't doing enough. “All the reports that come off the backlash of these murders and until the recommendations are put in place, people are still going to get killed. It's as simple as that. "It's there in black and white.” Recommendations about toughening up gun laws were made after the murders but Mr Turnbull says nothing was done. He added: “They didn't listen and then five people died in Plymouth [in 2021] so are they going to listen now? “It's falling on deaf ears. It's as if nobody wants to know but if it happened to a government minister's family, I'm sure these recommendations would get listened to.” 