Clips circulating on social media have generated speculation that Joe Biden might have fallen down the stairs of Air Force One after touching down in Poland on Monday. The 80-year-old Commander-in-Chief arrived in Warsaw after visiting Ukraine's capital Kyiv in an unannounced trip ahead of the one-year anniversary of Russia's invasion of the ex-Soviet state. But footage of somebody falling down the steps of Air Force One has been doing the rounds on Twitter, with one video amassing more than eight million views. Conservative commentator Benny Johnson shared the clip, adding: "Did Joe Biden fall down the stairs of Air Force One AGAIN when landing for his Ukraine visit?! Who is this?" Collin Rugg, a Twitter user who co-owns right-leaning website Trending Politics, wrote: "Someone appears to have fallen out of Air Force One. What are the chances it was Joe Biden?" However, it has been confirmed that it was not President Biden who took the tumble but a White House staffer. JUST IN: Russia 'carried out Satan II missile test' when Biden was in Kyiv The female aide, who has not been identified, was wearing a backpack which cushioned her fall. A separate video uploaded to YouTube clearly showed Biden walking down the steps without falling. Speculation that the 46th POTUS might have fallen from the White House aircraft comes after he took several other tumbles since entering the Oval Office. Biden fell over in March 2021 when walking up the stairs of Air Force One. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin 'very desperate' in crazed speech after failed Satan II ICBM launch Responding to his first fall as Commander-in-Chief, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said: "It was very windy. I almost fell coming up the steps myself." She added: "He's doing fine. He's preparing for the trip just fine." However, leading Republicans were quick to pounce and warned the footage showed Biden was unfit to serve as POTUS. Grand Old Party Representative Ronny Jackson said: "I served as White House physician under THREE Presidents. I've seen what it takes physically AND mentally to do the job. I can tell you right now that the way Biden is hiding from the public is a MAJOR red flag. Something's not right!"  DON'T MISSBloodied woman says she's kidnapped before being dragged from store [REVEALED]Massive winter storm to pummel US with snow and severe flooding [INSIGHT]Andrew Tate's jail detention extended for another 30 days [SPOTLIGHT] Donald Trump Junior also tweeted: "I remember the press bashing [Donald] Trump for touching the rail once. Biden falls repeatedly but I'm sure he's the picture of health. "No wonder all our enemies are pouncing simultaneously and mocking him publicly." Biden took a second fall in June 2022 when he was out on a bike ride in Delaware. The President appeared to get his foot caught when he was celebrating his 45th wedding anniversary with First Lady Jill Biden in his home state. Biden responded: "I’m good", before riding off. 