Margot Robbie opened up about filming one of the most famous sex scenes from her 2013 movie The Wolf of Wall Street. In the picture, she plays Naomi Lapaglia, the second wife of the real-life Wall Street mogul Jordan Belfort, played by Leonardo DiCaprio. Margot and Leo shot a number of sordid sex scenes together, but one of the most iconic took place on an enormous pile of money. Margot revealed, however, that this scene was particularly challenging for her, as she was the one laying on the false cash. Unfortunately for her, this fake currency left her back completely shredded. She told The Daily Beast: "I got a million paper cuts on my back from all that money! It's not as glamorous as it sounds." Speaking in 2017, she added: "If anyone is ever planning on having sex on top of a pile of cash: don't." However, she did have further advice for anyone looking to get frisky on finances. Margot mused: "Maybe real money is a bit softer, but the fake money is like paper, and when I got up off the bed, I turned around to get my robe and everyone gasped." The cast and crew in the room were left worried about the Australian star, who was just 23-years-old at the time, as they described her back in a horrific way. She recalled: "I said: 'What is it?' And they said: 'You look like you've been whipped a million times. Your back is covered in a thousand red scratches.'" Director Martin Scorsese somehow managed to keep these cuts out of the final shot of the movie, but Margot was no doubt left scarred by the experience. DON'T MISS...Margot Robbie found co-star's cigarette 'in butt crack' amid sex scene [NEWS]Stefanos Tsitsipas retreats over Margot Robbie wish ahead of Aus Open [INFO]Babylon movie cast – Brad Pitt, Margot Robbie, Tobey Maguire and more [INSIGHT] Margot has previously opened up about her raunchy scenes in The Wolf of Wall Street, where she admitted she fought for them to stay in the final picture. In once iconic moment, Margot seductively opened a set of sliding doors to Leonardo wearing nothing but high heels. Speaking about this nudity, she confessed: "I think nudity for the sake of nudity is shameful. If they've put it in just so that a girl gets her top off, then that's disgusting. And you can always tell. But I also think it's disgusting when someone would have got naked in real life, in the film they conveniently leave their bra on, or hold up the bed sheet." She went on to point out that her character would have certainly been naked in the story at that time. Margot said: "The whole point of Naomi is that her body is her only form of currency in this world." As a result, when director Martin suggested Margot cover up a little, she rejected his idea: "So when Marty was trying to help me out, and said in the scene where she seduces Jordan, perhaps I could have a robe on, I said she wouldn't." Margot said Naomi "had to be naked". "She's laying her cards on the table," she explained.