Floyd Mayweather bamboozled ex-Geordie Shore star Aaron Chalmers at the O2 Arena tonight in a one-sided exhibition bout. Although the fight was a non-scoring contest, it was plain to see who would have been declared the victor if it had been scored and here Express Sport breaks it down round by round. Round one Mayweather let Chalmers feel his power early as he landed a series of heavy left hooks to kick off proceedings. Chalmers wades forwards but can't get into range with TBE, who halts his advances with a crisp jab to the body. 1-0 Mayweather. Round two Mayweather begins to find a home for his jab upstairs, snapping the ex-Geordie Shore star's head back with every sharp shot. The boxing legend effortlessly dodges a big right from Chalmers and comes back with one of his own. A few firm straights appear to stun Chalmers momentarily. 2-0 Mayweather. Round three Chalmers upped the tempo in round three but was still unable to land anything meaningful. Mayweather glanced Chalmer's shots off his gloves and shoulders before coming back with well-timed reactive counters that instantly backed up his foe. 3-0 Mayweather.   Round four More of the same from Mayweather who begins to really enjoy himself in there. Chalmers attempts to cut off the ring but Mayweather slips and rips his way out of trouble. 4-0 Mayweather. Round five Mayweather opens another round with a stiff jab. Chalmers struggling to take a forward step now. Big right from Mayweather followed by a left hook. He starts talking to the cameraman as the taunting begins. 5-0 Mayweather. MORE BOXING NEWS... Jake Paul worth three times more than Raducanu and Russell Inside Tommy Fury's £3.5m mansion, cars, partner and incredible life Inside the life of Jake Paul houses, jets and girlfriend news  Round six Chalmers is smiling but he's clearly getting frustrated. Mayweather is now in complete control and is dancing around the ring.TBE keeps telling The Joker to hit him but he's not taking the bait. Chalmers' output is lowering and he looks to be all out of ideas. 6-0 Mayweather. Round seven Chalmers refuses to go down without a fight and is starting to bite down on his gumshield. The 35-year-old throws hell to the wind but not much is making it past Mayweather's guard. He's caught by a big right hand that stops his progress. Mayweather in complete control. 7-0 Mayweather. Round eight Chalmers to his credit hasn't given up and gives it a go down the home straight. However, he is swinging big and missing big. Mayweather lands a nice double jab right-hand combination and slips out of the corner. Chalmers follows and lets his hands go but struggles to find the target. 8-0 Mayweather. Final score: 8-0 Mayweather (80-72)  