An investigation expert leading the specialist dive team in the search for Nicola Bulley has warned the missing mum "may never be found" after his advanced equipment was unable to provide any sign of her. Underwater specialist Peter Faulding told Ms Bulley's partner Paul Ansell of his concerns when the pair met at the spot where she disappeared. Mr Ansell, 44, spent some time at the riverbank where his wife was last seen to see how the investigation was going, and spoke with Mr Faulding - the founder of Specialist Group International (SGI), a private investigation team who offered their services to Lancashire Police for free. Mr Faulding said: "She may never be found. We don't know. No one knows. It is unusual because usually you have some evidence. "Here we have nothing. We have nothing to go on apart from a phone and a harness." Express.co.uk revealed on Sunday that SGI would be stepping in to help with the search of the River Wyre. However Mr Faulding has now confirmed they will not be helping with the search of the "lower estuary". He said he had been "determined" to find Nicola - but that both he and Mr Ansell were "relieved" when he didn't. Emma White, a friend of Ms Bulley's, had similarly told Good Morning Britain that she hoped the team wouldn't uncover anything. Mr Faulding dubbed the case "baffling" as he dramatically withdrew from the search. Yesterday Express.co.uk revealed that even private planes had taken to the skies to help in the search, circling the area and where the River Wyre meets the ocean. READ MORE: Diver dramatically ends river search for missing mum [REVEAL] Close family friend of the missing mother-of-two, Tilly Ann, has urged police to search an abandoned house and surrounding outbuildings a short distance from the river where Nicola disappeared at around 9.20am on January 27. In an updated Facebook post, she wrote: "The abandoned house and outbuildings etc have not yet been searched as it is not currently a crime investigation!!!!!! (This should have been done straight away!)." While police have maintained that Ms Bulley most likely fell into the river, superintendent Sally Riley said it remained a "possibility" that she left the area by one path not covered by CCTV cameras. She added however that "every single" suspicion or criminal suggestion had so far been discounted. DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley's loyal dog ran back to bench as 'scent strongest' [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley's partner seen with diver as images show underwater tech [INSIGHT]Nicola Bulley searchers told to stop 'breaking into empty properties' [ANALYSIS] SupInt Riley said they were "not closed in any way to any particular line of inquiry and we remain genuinely open to that." However, she said "all enquiries" had not led to "anything of note". The path in question is crossed by the main road through the village. Officers are currently scrambling to secure dashcam footage from 700 drivers who passed along the route at the time she disappeared. A police statement on Monday said: "Our enquiries so far have included searches of the river and riverbank which have extended all the way to the sea using specialist search teams, sonar, search dogs, drone and helicopter, house to house and CCTV. We have also spoken to numerous witnesses, analysed Nicola’s mobile phone and fitbit and searched the derelict house on the other side of the river as well as any empty caravans in the vicinity." 