Prince Harry had said he hoped to mend his relationship with his family, but an expert has revealed this is unlikely as neither he or Meghan Markle have received a "personal apology" from the other members of the Royal Family. Harry and Meghan have made a number of harmful claims about the institution, with their first interview with Oprah Winfrey airing in March, 2021. And most recently, Harry released his memoir Spare which delved into his childhood and teenage years while being a member of the Royal Family. A source told Us Weekly: "No apology to Meghan has been made by the Palace, which frustrates Harry. Nor has he received a personal apology. "He was hoping his family, especially William, would lay their cards on the table and have an open conversation with him, but they haven’t made progress." But some feel the book is unlikely to lead to an apology when it reveals a number of damaging claims about Harry's family members. In the book, he accused Prince William of physically assaulting him and said he begged his father, King Charles, not to marry Camilla. The couple have been accused of "profiting off their status". Forbes writer Carlie Porterfield detailed criticism levelled at the Sussexes following the release of Spare. "Harry and Meghan's popularity in the UK has fallen since a lot of these projects have come out, especially Spare," Mr Porterfield said on the outlet's YouTube channel. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan break cover for first time since attacking Firm She added: "I think that people are a little more sensitive in the UK to how members of the Royal Family -even if they are not working like Harry and Meghan no longer are - profiting off of their status. "What some people would say: 'Selling their family members out to make a buck'. That is some criticism that has been levelled at them as well."  Brittany Lewis, a reporter for Forbes joined in noting that there likely was "no coming back" for Prince Harry following Spare. In his memoir, Harry also detailed the Royal Family's treatment of Meghan when she was first introduced to the family. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry didn't lose his virginity outside a pub, claims Everett [INSIGHT]Kate takes centre stage at exhibition as portrait to be displayed [PICTURES]Kate joins forces with Roman Kemp as radio star backs Shaping Us [COMMENT] According to an Ipsos Morsi poll conducted in the UK last month. Prince Harry had a 23 percent favourability rating, down from 30 percent in September last year. Meghan's rating was also down five points from September with a 19 percent favourability rating in January. More than half of people surveyed said they had an unfavourable view of the Duke and Duchess. The survey polled 1,000 Brits aged 18 or older.  During an ITV interview on January 8, the prince said he is "100 percent" open to forgiveness with Charles and William. "I sit here now in front of you asking for a family," he said. "Not an institution. I want a family. And I understand how that might be hard for them to be able to separate the two, but to me everything that I’ve witnessed and experienced over the years, there has to be a separation." 