Any hope for a thawing was put on hold by the discovery of an apparent Chinese Communist Party (CCP) spy balloon over North American airspace last week, with a second one apparently over South America. The CCP protests the balloon was more about weather than war. But aside from the trajectory suggesting the potential tracking of US missile silos, the CCP's "military-civil fusion" strategy promotes the use of dual-use technology. This means any "weather" balloon could easily have a security or military purpose attached.Indeed, measuring meteorological data alone could help China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) develop weapons systems. Moreover, this was no isolated incident, with similar balloons sighted over India, Japan and Taiwan in recent years - all of which the CCP has territorial disputes with.It is also worth noting that the balloon incident came as the US secured access to four new military bases in the Philippines. The latter sits just below Taiwan and has its own maritime disputes with Beijing. The CCP is seeking to impose the "nine-dash line" (a territorial line randomly ascribed by a Chinese geographer in 1947 with no basis in international law) to secure control over the South China Sea, a body of water rich in energy and fish stocks, and - given how much trade passes through it - crucial to control if China wants to dominate the sea lanes. The Philippines is also part of the so-called first island chain, a network of islands which effectively blocks China's control over at least the western Pacific. Breaking through this chain is crucial to the CCP's global ambitions. And securing control over Taiwan is critical to breaking through the chain.The deal with Manila is a major coup for Washington given that the Philippines has also been close to Beijing of late. But the deal, as well as the balloon over the US, point to the growing threat of war in the Asia-Pacific, with the CCP aware of its own window of opportunity to blockade or invade Taiwan, the island democracy it considers part of China.Aside from the Philippines deal, the US is beefing up security with Asia-Pacific allies, while India and Japan - both considered regional rivals by Beijing - are beefing up their militaries, Japan set to do so dramatically. But with many Western weapons sent to Ukraine - and Western economies yet to fully decouple from China (and therefore likely unable to apply Russia-level sanctions to China right now) - the CCP may feel it currently has a window of opportunity. This begs a question; what are countries like the UK are doing to mitigate the impact of full-blown conflict? Britain does not have months' worth of food supplies, for instance. Yet, in the event of a major war in Asia, the world economy could literally stop running, and securing access to basic commodities could become extremely difficult. By some estimates, the UK has barely over a week's worth of groceries (and apparently just nine days' worth of gas). The UK and other Western countries appear to have recognised their overreliance on Chinese industry, yet it could take years before the situation changes. A conflict in Asia could send prices of electronics goods soaring, for instance, as manufacturing of semiconductors and assembling of components grinds to a halt. Is any contingency being put into place for this? The balloon incident should serve as another warning of what could be on the horizon, amid increasing forecasts of conflict within the next few years. Taiwan and US presidential elections in 2024 could be critical as the CCP will be watching to see if more hawkish leaders win. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis - a contender for the Republicans - has been open, for instance, about where he stands on the CCP. Ultimately - whether we are talking about food, fuel or phones - the time for preparations is now.