Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is in a promising position to finally end the club's run of finishing behind arch rivals Manchester City in the league table. Pep Guardiola's side have not been the force they were in recent years and once again dropped points on Saturday in a 1-1 draw against Nottingham Forest. United now have a golden opportunity to close the gap to their rivals to just three points when they take on Leicester today for their game in hand. It's been an incredibly frustrating decade for United supporters having to watch on helplessly as City began to dominate the Premier League. Sir Alex Ferguson's final season in charge at Old Trafford back in 2013 was the last time United finished above City in the table. Since then, it's been a series of disappointments in the league with five seasons seeing United finish outside the top four. In that same time span, City have won five league titles and broken numerous records along the way. Roberto Mancini was the first to topple United's dominance before he left at the same time Ferguson retired.  Manuel Pellegrini eventually took over at the Etihad, but a below-par campaign in 2016 saw Guardiola take the reigns and the Spaniard has taken the club to new heights. United have watched on - as have every other Premier League club - in envy while Guardiola's side have dominated the English top flight. The Red Devils tried and failed to find Ferguson's successor with David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer struggling to take the club back to their former glory. But Ten Hag appears to be on the right track in his first season in charge at Old Trafford and has the club on the cusp of a possible late title charge even. Bragging rights though are up for grabs too with City well within United's reach heading into the final few months of the season. The two Manchester clubs shared a win apiece this season in two entertaining fixtures.  Marcus Rashford's sensational record of late has played a huge part in United's upturn in form since the season resumed after the World Cup and is arguably one of the most in-form strikers in Europe. But Ten Hag has also earned praise for his style of play at United as well as getting the best out players such as Lisandro Martinez, Fred and others. There's still plenty to play for with Ten Hag's first challenge coming next week in the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle as he bids to win the club's first piece of silverware since 2017. And there's more opportunity for trophies in both the FA Cup and Europa League, but City's dip in form has also opened up the door to end United's long wait to finish the season above their bitter rivals. Trophies mean more, but finishing above Guardiola's side will be a true statement of intent for Ten Hag moving forward.