Manchester United continued their charge towards a potential Premier League title with a 3-0 victory over Leicester on Sunday. Marcus Rashford bagged a brilliant brace to light up Old Trafford once again, with Jadon Sancho also on target. And the result means they’re now just five points behind Arsenal at the top of the table. Manchester United had gone into their match with Leicester looking to boost their hopes of title glory. And they did exactly that, with Rashford scoring in both halves to give his side all three points. Sancho was also on target, with the England international continuing to shine since his return to the fold. Leicester will feel hard done by, having tested David De Gea regularly throughout the first half. But it was to be yet another positive day at the office for Ten Hag and his side, as they warmed up for Thursday’s clash with Barcelona in the best way possible. Express Sport now takes a look at four things we learned from the game. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford United have, for a while now, been looking to tie Rashford down to a new contract. And that, certainly, should be a priority with the England international currently in the form of his life. Rashford was a good performer for United against Leicester, posing the Foxes a problem throughout the fixture and getting his 23rd and 24th goals of the season. That means this has been the best goalscoring campaign of his career, bettering the 22 goals he managed on two occasions under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And another player who warrants a new deal is De Gea, too. The Spain international impressed against Leicester, making two top saves in the first half, and remains as vital as ever at the age of 32. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Wout Weghorst doesn’t score enough goals for United and remains on the lookout for a first Old Trafford strike. But there’s no denying the Netherlands international has been a useful recruit since his arrival from Burnley last month. There was no goal but Weghorst’s enterprising performance was encouraging, with the 30-year-old throwing himself around the pitch. The striker has played in every game for United since his move. And though his failure to score frequently is a minor issue, his willingness to run and do the defensive work means he deserves credit. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United were without Casemiro again for the match with Leicester. The Brazil international has now served his three-game suspension after choking Will Hughes during the 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace earlier in the month. And though United won, they’re clearly a better team with the former Real Madrid star pulling the strings in midfield. Fred and Marcel Sabitzer have their uses but neither of the pair brings the same steel as their team-mate. The good news for United is, though, Casemiro will be available for upcoming games against both Barcelona and Newcastle. Whether Ten Hag acknowledges it or not, United are title contenders. They’re within touching distance of both Arsenal and City and, unlike their rivals, have real momentum behind them. United have arguably the best player in the world right now in Rashford, whose sensational brace propelled them to another vital victory. And they’re defensively-assured, too, with De Gea proving to be a strong foundation in which to build. United will have to do better than this to go all the way, of course, but there are promising signs for what’s to come in the months ahead.