Motorists have been dealing with expensive petrol and diesel prices for the best part of a year, with various tips and tricks being shared to help out. Some have taken to hypermiling to improve their fuel economy, while others have started driving less to help their finances. Graham Conway, of Select Car Leasing, advised drivers on the best things they can do to fight against the cost of living crisis and the impact it is having on motoring. He said: “To avoid excessive fuel consumption, most modern-day sat-navs come with the option to select the fastest route, even taking traffic into consideration. “Avoiding sitting in standstill traffic can contribute to fuel-saving efforts, as your car drives most efficiently when in a higher gear - as opposed to crawling. “Some sat-navs will even allow you to select the most economical route to help you avoid fuel-stealing obstacles such as large hills and heavy stop-start traffic.” READ MORE: 'Wholly irresponsible' fuel-saving tip attacked as drivers warned Google Maps also recently rolled out a new feature to help British drivers save money on their petrol and diesel expenses. In addition to showing the fastest route, Google Maps will also display a route that is the most fuel-efficient, even if it isn’t the fastest. When looking for directions between two places, it will show drivers the relative estimated fuel savings and time difference between the two routes and choose the one that works best for them. The most fuel-efficient routes are those with fewer hills, less traffic and constant speeds. DON'T MISS'White van man' may vanish as most choose electric over fuel [SHOCKING]Calls for major 'essential' changes to help electric car owners [INSIGHT]Car theft is 'rising very steeply' with worst yet to come [WARNING] If the motorist always wants the fastest route suggested they can stipulate this preference in settings. The company is also helping electric car owners with a function which will allow people to search for an “EV charging station” nearest to them. In addition, it will come with more helpful cycling route information that includes the latest traffic updates as well as any stairs or steep hills on the journey. The tool has already helped cut 500,000 tonnes of carbon emissions in the United States and Canada. READ MORE: Electric car charging network to receive £56million boost The mode is set to be introduced to nearly 40 countries, with Google saying it is “making a difference all around the world”. Motorists should also look out where they fill up their car, as the larger names may not always be the cheapest, with supermarkets often proving good value for money. Supermarket fuel usually comes from the same refineries as the big brands like Shell or Esso, with these brands sometimes adding a range of special additives to their own fuels. This can improve efficiency and improve performance, hence why they tend to cost more. Leaving the engine running while a car is stationary consumes more fuel, with experts urging drivers to avoid this as much as they can. It’s best to switch the engine off in situations where the car is at a standstill, such as in heavy traffic or waiting at traffic lights. Some newer vehicles are being fitted with stop-start technology which does this automatically.