Chris Eubank Jr’s promoter Kalle Sauerland admits that they may not pursue the rematch with Liam Smith. Eubank Jr has two weeks to activate the rematch clause in his contract with Smith following a devastating fourth-round stoppage loss at the hands of the Liverpudlian last month. Post-fight Eubank Jr stated that he wishes to box Smith again after being caught by what he describes as a ‘once-in-a-lifetime punch’. Next Gen even suggested he would be open to staging the second clash at Anfield, in Smith’s home city of Liverpool. Smith’s promoter Ben Shalom has also come out and affirmed that all indications suggest Smith-Eubank II will be next. However, Sauerland is not so sure. The Wasserman Boxing chief claims they haven’t communicated with Smith’s side about the possibility and that they have given ‘no indication’ of wanting to pursue a rematch. "I've told Ben [Shalom, Smith's promoter] we will be using the full time to consider our options," Sauerland of Wasserman Boxing told Sky Sports. "We haven't had much communication on it and we certainly haven't given any indication that we're going to be exercising the rematch clause. Is it an interesting option? Absolutely. But is it the best option? We've got a few more weeks to think. He's having much-deserved downtime with the family at the moment. If you look at it in the grand scheme of things it [the final decision] is going to be quite soon - but just a few more weeks." Sauerland continued: "Rushed decisions in boxing are the worst decisions. It's all about when it makes sense. Ultimately it has to be the right move for Junior. He's also at a pivotal stage of his career. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul loses it with reporter after Fury question in heated interview Joshua at the centre of explosive Whyte rant as promise broken Paul taking 'risk' as back-up ready to 'KO him' if Fury bout collapses “Yes it's a setback, it's a massive setback when you lose a big fight. But is it a setback that he can come back from? Absolutely. That's what's exciting about boxing." This comes after Shalom told the same publication: “We’re hearing all indications that they are going to trigger [the rematch clause]. “We know Chris really wants to fight again. His pride is hurt, he definitely wants a rematch from what I hear, and ultimately Liam wants the biggest names and the big nights. He wants [Gennady] Golovkin.” If the rematch isn’t booked, then fights with either Kell Brook or Gennady Golovkin have been teased for Smith. Meanwhile, Eubank Jr could be on his way back to super middleweight with some putting the emphatic defeat down to him being too tight at the 160lb limit last time out. 