With the Bank of England Base Rate now sitting at a 14-year high of four percent, high street banks and building societies have been boosting rates across their own savings products, offering savers much higher returns. Al Rayan Bank is now topping the leaderboard of three-year fixed savings accounts. Fixed-rate accounts help add another level of certainty to savings, as these accounts enable savers to secure an interest rate for a set length of time. This means the bank or building society cannot change the interest rate during the term of the bond, which may work well for account holders who can afford to invest long-term, without needing to dip into savings. Al Rayan Bank’s 36 Month Fixed Term Deposit is currently offering an expected profit rate of 4.57 percent. The bank operates under Shariah principles, which means people earn profit rather than interest on their savings. Applicants must be 16 years of age or over and have a minimum of £5,000 to invest in the account. READ MORE: Santander announces savings interest rate increases  The profit is calculated monthly and will be paid quarterly to the nominated account, or people have the option to retain the deposit profit in their account to be paid altogether on maturity. Savers will not be able to close the account or withdraw any of their funds before the date of maturity. But while Al Rayan Bank is currently topping the leaderboard of three-year fixed savings accounts, competitors aren't too far behind. DON'T MISS: Savings alert: Britons warned of ‘silent killer’ draining your account [INSIGHT]'Extreme' savings tip will 'definitely' help you save money [EXPLAINED]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    Tandem Bank’s Three Year Fixed Term Deposit is currently offering savers an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 4.35 percent. The account requires a minimum deposit of £1,000 to open and interest is calculated daily and paid annually. Like Al Rayan Bank’s account, because this savings account is a fixed term deposit, withdrawals are not permitted before the maturity date, except in circumstances agreed to by Tandem Bank in its absolute discretion. The Bank of London and The Middle East’s Premier Deposit Account (Anticipated Profit Rate) follows closely with 4.2 percent. READ MORE: Five things you need to know this ISA season as deadline looms  Profit is calculated daily and paid annually into the nominated UK bank account. Monthly or quarterly profit payments are not available. The account requires a minimum deposit of £1,000 to open and up to £1million can be invested over the course of the term. No early withdrawals are generally permitted. Commenting on the savings market for fixed rate bonds, Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts said these types of accounts appear to be “much in demand” from savers, as December 2022 saw a recorded inflow of almost £7billion.  Ms Springall continued: “Our own data shows volatility surrounding fixed bond rates has softened after recent months of uncertainty. "The average shelf life of fixed bonds rising to its highest level since May 2022, up from 29 days to 48 days, the biggest month-on-month rise in more than two years (December 2021).” However, she continued: “When providers review their market positions, a standout top rate that sits way above its nearest competition may not be around for long, particularly if offered by a challenger bank that reaches its funding targets.” 