Finance guru Martin Lewis has urged mobile phone contract customers to send two texts right now and save potentially hundreds of pounds a year. Speaking on the latest instalment of the ITV1 Martin Lewis Money Show Live on Tuesday night, Martin said that texting these two numbers is key to slashing your mobile bills.  It comes as most of the major mobile phone networks and broadband providers prepare to start slapping their customers with hefty price rises this spring and Martin advised viewers that makes it even more vital to act now to cut your monthly phone costs. The first text tells you whether you're in contract and how much it would cost to leave, explains Yorkshire Live. The second allows you to take your number with you to move to a different network. Martin told his ITV1 audience: "Last week I told you broadband and mobile bills are going up 14 per cent in April for most of the big firms.  "What I want you to do first is I want you to check if you're out of contract. Over 9million of you are and are overpaying. What you need to do in most cases is text INFO to 85075 on your current phone. And that should tell you whether you have termination fees to leave your contract." He said people who do have fees that you probably can't save money right now, so you will have to bide your time instead. But he added: "If you're out of contract there are actually some of you - outrageously and this should not be allowed - who got a contract with a handset and once you paid the handset off, they keep the price at the same level so you're still paying the with-handset price even if you're no longer using it."  Martin said that right now, there's an unlimited minutes and texts with 5GB of data deal for £3.40 a month. For 15GB you can get £4 a month. "Most people are paying so much more than that. If you want to keep your number, text PAC to 65075 on your old phone, they will send you your PAC code and you use this with your new provider as a way to keep your old number. Of course you could use this as a way to haggle with your existing provider." Martin warned previously that many broadband and phone providers use inflation PLUS roughly 4% to factor their price rises annually, which they are legally allowed to do in the terms of their contracts. Because the CPI announced inflation of 10% last week, many providers are sending out price rise letters to customers on mobile and broadband contracts right now, taking effect from around April. The Martin Lewis Money Show Live returns to ITV1 next Tuesday at 8pm.  