  Celebrated actress Dame Helen Mirren, 77, has finally explained why she skipped the red carpet at the glitzy BAFTA Awards on Sunday evening. The star opened up about her time at the ceremony, which saw her pay tribute to the late Queen, during her appearance on the Graham Norton Show.      In the final episode of the series, Dame Helen spoke to host Graham Norton, 59, about her role in the new film Shazam! Fury of the Gods. During their chat, Graham asked the Hollywood star about the recent BAFTAs and whether or not she enjoyed them. “It was a great night out, but I was just in and out,” she told the Irish presenter. “I had to get up very early the next morning, so I did my thing and then I was back in my pjs and in bed by nine!” READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson slams ambition as he hints at Meghan row consequences      They also spoke about Dame Helen’s new role as Hespera, a daughter of Atlas, in her upcoming DC superhero movie. “Don’t ask me about the plot, it’s too complicated!” she admitted. “We are angry goddesses wearing unbelievably heavy costumes. “It was very hot and uncomfortable and in fact Lucy (Liu) said at the end of the first day’s shooting, ‘They are trying to kill us’ in all seriousness. “I wanted to do it because I loved the first Shazam. It was sweet and funny.      “I am not a big superhero type person, but I loved the idea of it and happily signed up for the second one. It is great.” Joining Dame Helen on Graham’s red sofa was a star-studded line-up of The Last of Us actor Pedro Pascal, award-winning performer Ariana DeBose and singer-songwriter Freya Ridings. During his chat with Graham, Pedro discussed his upcoming series of The Mandalorian and admitted he was “enjoying all the attention” online but that he was “still trying to figure it out”. Speaking about his memorable role in The Last of Us, the actor admitted he completely forgot he’d been offered the part. READ MORE... Strictly's Janette Manrara in 'bittersweet' move after baby news [INSIGHT] Alex Jones' young son in hospital as star shares 'horrible' situation [UPDATE] A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman given support after tough week [NEWS]       The star had taken a sleeping tablet when TV bosses called him to tell him he had the part, but he was so drowsy that they had to repeat the offer. The next morning, Pedro explained to Graham, he was hilariously none the wiser about the role. Ariana appeared on the show to promote her new concert at The London Palladium. The star recently performed at the BAFTAs, giving the audience their first song of the evening ahead of Little Simz’s performance later on.      Singer Freya appeared on Graham’s show as the musical act, giving a live rendition of her current single Weekends to the studio before joining the host for a chat. She spoke about how her new album Blood Orange is “a time capsule of the last three years of my life.” This marks the final episode of the Graham Norton Show, which returns in Autumn. The Graham Norton Show airs tomorrow at 10.40pm on BBC One. Also available on BBC iPlayer.   