A man has been banned from approaching "any animal with a hoof" after being caught having sex with a horse. Phillip Henry, 34, was caught by an employee at a stables in Dover with his trousers around his ankles as he was "giggling" following the sickening incident. He fled after being caught but was later found thanks to DNA obtained from the mare. Henry admitted to the crime when he appeared in court last week despite initially denying the charge. Recorder Bernard Richmond KC granted him conditional bail and said: "You are not to go near any sort of animal with a hoof. "Be safe, keep away from all animals, that is not part of your order - that is a hint. Off you go." It transpired that the horse belonged to Dover councillor and former Mayor Neil Rix, who bought it six years ago for his grandchildren.  He slammed Henry as a "sick b*****d" who "deserves to be castrated". "It just sickens me and whatever he gets it won’t be enough. It’s absolutely vile," he said. "What frightens me is that it was an adult who caught him, but it could’ve quite easily have been one of my grandchildren. "He’s scum and needs locking up with the key chucked away."  READ MORE: Strictly's Maisie Smith and Max George slammed for ‘inappropriate' pic The court heard how groundworker Henry was caught by a stable hand. The "hysterical" stable hand then called Rix and explained she found Henry while doing a routine check on the animals. "As she got right up to him she realised his pants were around his ankles and he was giggling," Rix said. "He ran and she chased him and we got the police involved. I told her to get the horse straight into the stable and called the vet, who was there within 20 minutes. I said to the vet ‘I don’t care how much it costs, I want a proper DNA sample taken’. Eventually they arrested him and he was charged." DON'T MISS:Harry's rift is a 'dark cloud' hanging over King's head [INSIGHT]'Out of pocket' mum claims National Lottery haven't sent her winnings [COMMENT]Meghan and Harry tipped to make major 'A-List' event debut [PICTURES]  Henry also admitted to possessing a quantity of cannabis at his last court appearance. The court heard Henry had a previous conviction for sexual assault against a female. 