Martin Lewis has grilled Prince Harry over his January 2023 appearance on the US TV show 60 Minutes. The programme special is currently available for fans to catch up on via ITV's streaming platform, and claims to have a run time of just “30 minutes”. In response, Martin typed: “Just seen this on ITVX. Me thinks the programme title may be overselling…” However, one of his followers claimed that one of the money expert's shows had similarly oversold the running time. @chrisgstenton replied: “Your pension special was listed as 60 mins last week.” Martin asked: “By whom?” READ MORE: Salma Hayek looks sensational in busty dress with lookalike daughter @chrisgstenton said: “ITVX I was looking for it on Wednesday morning last week using the search option and it listed the show as 60 mins. “The full show was there it just looked like a wrong entry in the display, may have been the default series time.” The TV presenter was left baffled over this piece of news as he labelled it “bizarre”. While @mrjamesnemo explained how in the US, 60 minutes “combines several topics into one show”. However, ITVX had cut the rest of the episode to just show the segment on Prince Harry. It comes after the Duke of Sussex "stepped back" from his royal duties in 2020, but he and his wife, Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, have continued to feature in the spotlight. In December, they appeared in a six-part Netflix documentary about their relationship and their decision to leave their royal lives behind. Meanwhile in Harry's new memoir, called Spare - a nod to his backup role in the line of succession - the prince shares his own account of growing up as a royal. DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson brutally mocks Richard Hammond in height jibe (PHOTOS)Rod Stewart visits hospital after paying for patients' MRI scans (NEWS)Brooklyn Beckham unveils tattoo 'addiction' with 70 honouring wife (LATEST) The book is a stunning break from royal protocol. It's a deeply personal account of Prince Harry's decades-long struggle with grief after the death of his mother Princess Diana. It also reveals his fractured relationships with his father, King Charles, his stepmother, the Queen Consort Camilla, and his brother, Prince William, the heir to his spare. Harry explained to 60 Minutes host Anderson Cooper: “None of anything I've written, anything that I've included is ever intended to hurt my family. “But it does give a full picture of the situation as we were growing up, and also squashes this idea that somehow my wife was the one that destroyed the relationship between these two brothers."   When Harry was 20, he asked to see the police report about the crash that killed his mother, her boyfriend Dodi Al-Fayed, and their driver Henri Paul while they were being pursued by paparazzi in a Paris tunnel. Anderson Cooper said: “The files contained photographs of the crash scene. Why did you want to see it?” Prince Harry: “Mainly proof. Proof that she was in the car. “Proof that she was injured. And proof that the very paparazzi that chased her into the tunnel were the ones that were taking photographs - photographs of her lying half dead on the back seat of the car.”