Kate, the Princess of Wales, is gearing up to upstage Meghan Markle as part of a "rebranding exercise", it has been reported. The Princess has remained silent since the release of the Sussexes' Netflix series and Harry’s book but has been actively working behind the scenes. With the help of branding and marketing expert Alison Corfield, she is changing her looks in an effort to fully endorse her double role of mum and heir to the throne. Ms Corfield being "cut from a different cloth" is the main reason that drove Kate in picking her. A royal insider said: "What the Princess of Wales is doing is a very clear sign that she is redefining herself now that she has this new role. The role of heir, or wife of the heir, brings opportunities and also responsibilities as you represent the monarchy not only around the country but also around the world. "She has a greater platform now, so she needs the right team to deliver for her." According to the same source, while the Princess appears to be a "warm and gentle character," she is "at her core" a woman with a steely determination who is acutely aware of the power and potential that comes with her elevated position. "She is extremely strategic and methodical, and she takes her work very seriously," the source told the Telegraph. Kate is already more popular than Meghan, according to a recent poll by Ipsos, which showed the Princess is viewed positively by 60 percent of the British population, while the Duchess is viewed positively by just 19 percent of people. Since the Sussexes settled down in North America, they have been rarely seen with Kate and Prince William. According to body language expert Judi James, their relationship never really took off. READ MORE: Prince William wins over royal fans with 'protective' gesture to Kate Ms James told Express.co.uk: "The most recorded relationship was between Kate and Meghan. "Everyone assumed for no good reason that they would become close friends and that Meghan would be absorbed into the trio of Harry, William and Kate happily and willingly. "There are numerous photos of the two women looking like the best of pals. "But many appear to be 'signal' poses, i.e. performances intended to stop rumours of a rift rather than signals of any authentic friendship. "Both would look polite up until the point of no return, which is when the frost would begin to appear but polite smiles and the odd giggle from Meghan do not guarantee genuine, behind-the-scenes warmth." DON'T MISS:Harry looks like 'he still wants to be part of Firm' in new clip [REPORT] Kate and Lady Amelia opt for 1970s-inspired looks [REPORT] 'Young Kate Middleton lookalike' claims people 'hate' her [REPORT] The last time the Princess and the Duchess were seen together in public was at the Queen’s state funeral in early September at Westminster Abbey in London. Kate and Meghan Markle both wore all-black mourning looks, with Kate in a dress and veiled hat and Meghan in a cape dress and wide-brimmed hat. While they were photographed side by side the two women and their husbands avoided any interaction. Their eyes never met, physically a safe distance was always kept. It remains unclear whether the American-based couple will be invited to the King’s coronation or fly all the way to London for the occasion. Palace insiders claimed there is a “working assumption” that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will receive an invitation to attend the state ceremony to crown King Charles as sovereign. But another insider told the Sun that the Royal Family fears their conversation could “end up” in another book. Harry and Meghan reportedly want to hold a "peace summit" where the Sussexes hope to get an apology from the Royal Family. READ NEXT: Charlotte Ritchie pays tribute to YOU’s ‘lovely’ Penn Badgley Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines showPrincess Kate leaves mother speechless at Evelina London hospitalKate will never host an investiture as only three royals given honourKate and William's Boston visit leaves Americans fuming over cost