Mauricio Pochettino could reportedly be tempted to declare an interest in taking over at Chelsea if Graham Potter is sacked by the struggling Blues in the not-too-distant future. The west Londoners have endured a turbulent time of things under Potter despite backing their manager to the tune of around £323million in January alone, with the former Brighton boss now finding himself under growing pressure to improve things as a matter of urgency. Chelsea's woes deepened on Saturday when they were beaten at home by Southampton after once again failing to pose enough of a threat in attack, with the result turning up the heat on Potter ahead of Sunday's crucial showdown with Tottenham. It remains to be seen whether a defeat in that match will spark another managerial change at Stamford Bridge, with Pochettino having already emerged as one of the early candidates for any potential vacancy.The Sun reported last month that Pochettino is on standby ready for the role if Potter is sacked, with the Argentine boss keen on a return to English football for the first time since leaving Tottenham back in 2019. He most recently managed Paris Saint-Germain before he was dismissed at the end of last season to be replaced by Christophe Galtier and would supposedly be willing to jump back into the dugout by taking over at Chelsea if Todd Boehly axes Potter in the near future.Pochettino still has a home in London and has spent plenty of time in the capital since his Tottenham exit, even during his spell at PSG, which suggests that the Chelsea job would be an attractive proposition for him if it becomes available. However, it is not yet clear whether the Blues would share his enthusiasm or if they would turn to other potential candidates in the event of Potter leaving the club before the end of the season. JUST IN: Marcus Rashford comments speaks volumes as Man Utd star fires warning The former Tottenham and PSG boss explicitly stated in November that he remains fond of the Premier League and would consider a return to England's top flight if the opportunity arises, telling talkSPORT: "I miss the Premier League. Why not [return]? We are open, I am really open."I love England and I am living between London and Barcelona, but more in London. My house, my home… I love to be in England. The Premier League is the best league in the world. It's so competitive." Pochettino was previously linked with Manchester United towards the end of last season before the Red Devils appointed Erik ten Hag as their permanent manager on a long-term basis, while speculation has also been rife about a potential return to Tottenham if Antonio Conte walks away from the north Londoners when his contract expires in the summer.The Chelsea role could be a tempting one for Pochettino, who would benefit from a blank cheque in the transfer market and an array of top-class players already at his disposal if he is snapped up by the two-time European champions at some point in the near future. However, only time will tell if he will be given the chance to return to management with the Blues as Potter looks to save his job and end further speculation by putting things right at Stamford Bridge over the coming weeks. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.