Marcus Rashford will start for Manchester United in the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle this afternoon, according to a team news leak. Rashford sustained an ankle injury in United's Europa League defeat of Barcelona on Thursday night and there had been some doubt about whether or not he would be in the starting line-up today. But the 24-goal attacker has been included in United's 22-man squad for the showpiece final, and per the reliable @teamnewsandtix, will indeed start for Erik ten Hag's team. The England international's availability is a massive boost given he is one of the most in-form players in world football at the moment. Rashford has scored 16 goals in his last 18 matches across all competitions and is spearheading United's hopes of both winning multiple trophies and competing for the Premier League title. He will keep his starting spot on the left-hand side despite Ten Hag having stayed coy about his fitness on Friday. "I don't know," the United manager said when asked if Rashford would be fit. "Players are now coming in, we have to do investigations, medical, of course, yesterday we did. So straight after a game most of the time you can't say, you have to wait for a 100 per cent diagnosis. So let's do the medical, the work, we have to wait." MUST READ: Man Utd star Antony has given Ten Hag a boost ahead of Newcaste final It is not yet clear who Rashford will start alongside. However, it is likely he will be joined in attack by Wout Weghorst. Jadon Sancho and Antony are competing for the starting spot on the right. Rashford went off in the 88th minute in midweek and took to Instagram afterwards to post a picture of himself walking down the tunnel with one of his boots off, accompanied with an emoji of an injured person. But he has been passed fully fit as the Red Devils look to win a first trophy since 2017. Elsewhere, David de Gea, Luke Shaw, Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez, Casemiro and Bruno Fernandes are all seen as surefire starters for Ten Hag. Fred and Diogo Dalot could complete the XI. United academy graduate Rashford is looking to win his second League Cup although he was only a late second-half substitute six years ago when the club, then managed by Jose Mourinho, beat Southampton 3-2 in the final of the same competition at Wembley. Rashford is into the last 18 months of his Old Trafford contract with United eager to tie the 25-year-old down to a new deal. And CBS Sports' Ben Jacobs insists it is highly unlikely the player will leave his boyhood club. Jacobs told TEAMtalk: "Although PSG and many top European clubs would still love to sign Rashford if they can, Manchester United are now in pole position. Rashford did have doubts last summer when Cristiano Ronaldo was still a big figure at the club. "It was also a new season and United started that new season poorly. They had a new manager, nobody knew how he was going to settle in at that point. But a lot has changed between then and now. "And Rashford is settled. As long as he’s settled, there’s only likely to be one club, who he signs for. And that’s Manchester United, which is why Manchester United are calm about the situation."