It is easy to play it safe when it comes to choosing a front door colour and stick to white and black, but choosing a different colour can help to add interest to the home, important if you’re planning on selling it anytime soon. However, according to experts, there are certain colours to “avoid” painting the front door as it could make the home look “dull and dingy”. Before deciding on a front door colour, it is extremely important to check any rules which may be surrounding painting the exterior and front door of the home, according to interior experts at Door Supplies Online. When this has been cleared, homeowners should consider a colour which complements the home as well as seeing how it appears in various lighting conditions, avoiding certain colours, including white. The experts explained: “Times have moved on since the days of every front door colour being white. “Of course, there is sometimes no choice in this if you are choosing a uPVC front door but if you are painting the door fresh or choosing one, there are so many more options to choose from minimising yourself to just white. READ MORE: Five ‘stylish’ features to bring the ‘wow’ factor to your kitchen “These doors can also get dirty quickly and can wear quickly making them look quite dull and dingy.” While choosing a bright colour may appeal to some, homeowners should also consider how the colour will suit each season. The experts recommended opting for a pastel colour if you do want to pick a different colour because it is “less harsh” while still looking aesthetically pleasing. They added: “It can give the home the boost that you may be looking for.” Shades such as sage green have been popular for front doors in recent years as well as blue. DON'T MISS:Method to prevent slugs eating young plants this spring [COMMENT]‘Go-to’ method to make bathroom tap limescale ‘disappear overnight’ [INSIGHT]Seven ‘inexpensive’ DIY jobs to add value to your home [EXPLAINER] The interior design pros continued: “Black is one of the most popular colours for a front door because it is guaranteed to match any exterior or brickwork. “However, there is a problem with this because the door absorbs heat daily and expands, especially in the summer, which can cause the door to split, crack, or warp to the point where it does not fit into the frame.” Dark blue may seem like a great colour for a front door as it isn’t too in your face, but the pros said to think twice before painting with a dark blue colour. The experts explained: “It has been overused and may end up looking drab and dirty depending on the weather and the exterior of the home. READ MORE: Watering sensitive orchids ‘correctly’ is ‘vital’ in spring “Dark charcoal is an excellent alternative since it strikes the ideal mix between being aesthetically pleasing and useful.” There are various shades of green to pick from when it comes to paint, and homeowners may think dark green can help the home blend into the nature around it. However, choosing this colour can carry the “danger” of contrasting instead of naturally blending in with the surroundings. The interior pros noted: “This colour may occasionally be a very challenging decision because it can be difficult to match it to any other colours on your outside. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “It also runs the danger of looking possibly dated - to combat this, think about utilising more pastel colours. Choosing a colour that you adore and that makes you happy every time you return home is ultimately the most crucial decision.” When picking a colour, it is also important to consider your home’s architectural style and how modern the home is, picking one to complement it. A traditional home may look best with a classic red or navy door, whilst a more modern home may suit a bright or bold colour such as yellow or orange. The experts also suggested thinking about how easy the front door will be to maintain, whether it’ll need to be painted every couple of years and how it will look when exposed to the elements.