The US military diverted four Russian aircraft flying near Alaska on Monday. The incident, dubbed by government officials as a "routine intercept", comes after US fighter jets shot a "high-altitude object" out of the sky over Alaska on February 10. The North American Aerospace Defense Command said Tuesday that it “detected, tracked, positively identified” the four Russian aircraft, which included TU-95 BEAR-H bombers and SU-35 fighter jets. "NORAD had anticipated this Russian activity and, as a result of our planning, was prepared to intercept it,” the agency said in a statement. Though the aircraft were flying within the Alaska Air Defense Identification Zone, they remained in international airspace. The incident happened just hours after two Dutch fighter jets intercepted a formation of three Russian military aircraft near Poland’s NATO airspace and escorted them out. NORAD sent five of its own jets to escort the aircraft away from North American airspace and determined that the jets were not a threat — Russian aircraft flying in the proximity is a regular occurrence, according to the command. READ MORE: China humiliated as balloon may have accidentally ended up thousands of miles off-course “NORAD also assessed that this Russian flight activity is in no way related to recent NORAD and U.S. Northern Command operations associated with airborne objects over North America during the last two weeks,” the agency said. The tense exchange comes after the US shot down three UFOs over North America. The three objects, including one shot down Sunday over Lake Huron, which sits on the US-Canada border, were unmanned and traveling at such a low altitude as to pose a risk to civilian commercial air traffic, said White House national security spokesman John Kirby. And though the President Joe Biden administration does not yet have evidence that they were equipped for spying purposes, officials have not ruled that out either, he said. DON'T MISS 'Creeks filled with dead fish' spark alarm [LATEST]Woman accused of decapitating lover attacks lawyer [INSIGHT]Cop dies a week after horrific 40ft bridge fall [REPORT] The White House defended the shootdowns of three UFOs on Monday, which followed the downing of a suspected Chinese spy balloon off the South Carolina coast. “These were decisions based purely and simply on what was in the best interests of the American people,” Kirby said Monday of the action to shoot them down. Meanwhile, crews have been able to recover significant debris from the site where the suspected Chinese spy balloon was shot down. According to a statement Tuesday from NORAD and US Northern Command, crews have recovered “all of the priority sensor and electronics pieces identified as well as large sections of the structure”. READ MORE: Putin may have sent UFO over US airspace, exploiting Chinese balloon 'blind spot' China insists the balloon was just an errant civilian airship used mainly for meteorological research that went off course due to winds and had only limited “self-steering” capabilities. It also issued a threat of “further actions”. In a statement after the craft was shot down, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the use of force was “an obvious overreaction and a serious violation of international practice", adding: ”China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests". But the US maintains it was a Chinese spy balloon without a doubt. According to the Biden administration, the China balloon shot down was equipped to detect and collect intelligence signals as part of a huge, military-linked aerial surveillance program that targeted more than 40 countries, the Biden administration declared Thursday, citing imagery from American U-2 spy planes. The balloon's presence over US airspace prompted Secretary of State Antony Blinken to cancel a weekend trip to China aimed at dialling down tensions that were already high. A fleet of balloons operates under the direction of the People’s Liberation Army and is used specifically for spying, outfitted with high-tech equipment designed to gather sensitive information from targets across the globe, the US said. Details outlining the program’s capabilities were meant to refute China’s persistent denials that the balloon was used for spying. Beijing said US accusations about the balloon amount to "information warfare".