 Barbara Bosson's son, Jesse, revealed the tragic news over the weekend through a social media post. In a heartfelt statement, the 47-year-old declared his mother had “More spirit and zest than you could shake a stick at.   “When she loved you, you felt it without a doubt. "If she didn’t, you may well have also known that too. Forever in our hearts. I love you Mama." While her cause of death was not revealed, Jesse confirmed that his mother had died on Saturday, February 18. Barbara was a celebrated television actress, with her most well-known role being Fay Furrillo on the series Hill Street Blues. READ MORE: Hayden Panettiere's brother dead: Walking Dead star Jansen dies aged 28  Her portrayal of Fay earned the actress an astounding five Emmy nominations throughout her five years as a main cast member in the 1980s. Following news of the star’s death, tributes flooded social media from both her fans and colleagues alike. American star Titus Welliver penned a sweet message calling Barbara a “colleague, friend and surrogate mother”. He continued: “My heart is shattered by her departure. Bow your heads for her loved ones who are so very devastated by her departure.     “Love you Babs, you made us all better with your kindness.” Titus and Barbara had worked together on the 1995 drama series Murder One, for which the actress also received an Emmy nomination. Actress Jennifer Tilly recalled one of the few moments she got to work with Barbara, writing on Twitter: “A lovely lady and a fine actress. We did a scene together on my last appearance on HSB. “The director told us 'We need some chitchat before Jennifer gets killed'.  "So she asked me about the future and I adlibbed I wanted to take cooking classes and then I got shot." A fan wrote: “Barbara Bosson has been a familiar face for as long as I've been watching television, and she always did a great job in every show she was in. “May she rest in peace, and my condolences to her family and friends.” The actress made a start in her Hollywood career in Steve McQueen’s 1968 action flick Bullitt before heading to television with the detective series Mannix.  Barbara then went on to star in NBC’s Richie Brockelan, Private Eye before she adventured into an array of series from Total Security to Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman. In 1970, Barbara married writer and producer Steven Bochco, who had a hand in some of the series she starred in including Hill Street Blues, Murder One and Cop Rock. The couple had two children together in their 27-year marriage before divorcing in 1997. Steven tragically died in 2018 at the age of 74 after a battle with leukaemia. The actress is survived by her son Jesse, daughter Melissa and her two grandchildren.