Kate, the Princess of Wales, appeared in a documentary made in honour of the late Queen's 90th birthday in 2016. She said: "I can remember being at Sandringham, for the first time, at Christmas.   “And I was worried about what to give the Queen as her Christmas present. I was thinking, 'Gosh, what should I give her?' "I thought back to what I would give my own grandparents. And I thought, 'I'll make her something,' which could have gone horribly wrong. But I decided to make my granny's recipe of chutney." The Middleton family recipe is for marrow chutney, a fruity condiment that royal fans can pair with cheese or bread. Kate continued: "I was slightly worried about it, but I noticed the next day that it was on the table. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school  “I think such a simple gesture went such a long way for me and I've noticed since she's done that on lots of occasions and I think it just shows her thoughtfulness, really, and her care in looking after everybody." The full recipe was printed in Pippa Middleton's entertaining book, "Celebrate" released in 2012.  1.8 kg marrows, peeled, deseeded and chopped into small chunksFour medium onions, peeled and chopped into small chunksThree apples, peeled, cored and chopped into small chunks225 grams sultanas or raisins225 grams stoned dates, roughly chopped600 millilitres malt vinegar900 grams soft brown sugarOne teaspoon saltTwo tablespoons ground gingerTwo tablespoons mixed pickling spices, secured in a piece of muslin   I substituted a marrow for a courgette as marrows were incredibly difficult to find. Pippa did say large courgettes could be used instead in her recipe, which was great news after I struggled to find any marrows. I began by chopping up the courgette, the onions and the apples into small chunks. Then, I added the chopped fruit and vegetables into a pan with the vinegar, sugar, dates, sultanas and ground ginger. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie has experienced a 'transformational fitness journey' I let this mixture simmer for two whole hours before it thickened into a nice consistency. Although the mixture got too hot in the end and started to stick to my saucepan, the consistency was so nice and thick, which is perfect for a chutney or a pickle. I spooned the mixture into sterilized jars with vinegar-proof lids, which can stay in a cool place for up to 12 months, or once opened, in the fridge for one month. My overall costs came to just £5.81, excluding the soft brown sugar, salt and malt vinegar which I already had in my cupboard.   One courgette cost just 56p from Asda, onions cost 40p from Asda, apples cost 80p from Asda, Dates cost £1 from Asda, Sultanas cost 95p from Asda, Pickling spices cost £1.10 from Sainsbury's, and ground ginger was just £1 from Asda. When I was cooking the chutney, I had to open all the windows in my flat due to the pungent smell. However, when I tried the chutney, I was very pleasantly surprised. The strong vinegar scent did not transfer completely to the taste, which meant I was able to enjoy it. This tangy and sweet chutney would definitely pair amazingly with some crackers and cheese.