Manchester United takeover candidate Elon Musk is one of the richest individuals on the planet, with his personal fortune towering over that of the British royal family. The Red Devils would therefore have plenty of funds to revamp the club both on and off the pitch if the Twitter owner wins the race to take the reins from the Glazers. United fans have been crying out for change in the boardroom in recent years, with the Glazers almost universally unpopular at Old Trafford. Supporters feel as though investment is needed in training facilities, while many are aggrieved at the debt accumulated by the club under their stewardship. Their prayers may soon be answered with the Glazers supposedly willing to sell up if their hefty £6billion valuation is met. Musk is joined by the likes of Sir Jim Ratcliffe and a wealthy Qatari investment fund in monitoring United's situation. With a net worth of over £154bn, Musk is reported to be the second-richest individual on the planet behind luxury goods magnate Bernard Arnault. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m Musk has managed to hold onto his status as a significant player on the global rich list despite seeing a colossal £149bn drop in his fortune last year. Mostly down to the declining shares of Tesla, the amount represents the largest-ever plummet in net worth over a calendar year, with his fortune once sitting at a reported £262bn. As well as blitzing the Glazers' wealth, Musk has amassed a net worth seven times that of the royal family's reported £23bn fortune. The largest source of wealth for the royal family - known as the Crown Estate - includes vast areas of rural land and high-end London properties. DON'T MISSRio Ferdinand begged Man Utd to sign Modric but they bought £17m flop insteadEverton boss Dyche points finger at Pickford following error in Liverpool lossGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to light United have set a soft deadline of February 17 for the first round of bids to acquire the club, and it remains to be seen whether Musk will throw his hat into the ring. A bid from the Qatar Investment Authority - a £369bn sovereign wealth fund - will reportedly be lodged at some point this week. Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan has spoken out on the saga by warning United fans that Musk could use the club as a source of influence. "Musk, I think, is a stalking horse that people use for everything," he told talkSPORT. "Whilst I think he's a brilliant man; he's after influence.  "Twitter is influence. Owning a football club can supplement that too. Be careful what you wish for when you get these people involved because there's not always straight-line thinking behind what they want to do. I've always felt that it's likely to be an American ownership model that comes in. "I don't think Elon Musk has got £44bn sat in his bank account. What he's got is value in all the assets that he's got. Very few people sit there with enormous cash reserves." 