With the score level at 1-1 in the 49th minute, the ball rolled harmlessly out of play for a City throw-in. However, keen to frustrate his former team, Arteta blocked De Bruyne's path to retrieve the ball. The Spaniard attempted to subtly kick the ball away from the City midfielder as he came towards the technical area but De Bruyne was having none of Arteta's antics. De Bruyne grabbed Arteta around the waist to forcefully move the Arsenal tactician out of his way. When that failed to work, the Belgian raised two hands to Arteta's upper chest and shoved the former Gunners midfielder away. JUST IN: Liverpool icon Enrique brutally mocks Man City over charges in video An Arsenal coach ran up to De Bruyne in an attempt to cool the situation. However, the City goalscorer jogged past Arteta to pick up the ball before sprinting back to the touchline to take the throw-in. As De Bruyne passed Arteta, the pair exchanged words before the fourth official intervened. Referee Anthony Taylor then blew his whistle in a slightly futile attempt to dissolve the tension. In front of a baying crowd, tensions finally appeared to settle down. De Bruyne emerged to the touchline to take the throw-in and the match resumed. Neither individual was punished for the incident. However, Arteta, who spent three years as Pep Guardiola's assistant at City, could be seen remonstrating with the fourth official. DON'T MISS...Man Utd have Greenwood plan involving stars from men and women's' teamInside wild life of Asamoah Gyan including cash-filled World Cup planeGary Neville told Dele Alli to 'sort himself out' but it was ignored  De Bruyne had put his side ahead midway through the first half. He capitalised on a horror Takehiro Tomiyasu backpass and wonderfully guided a left-footed effort beyond Gunners goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale. Premier League leaders Arsenal were level just before half-time. Striker Eddie Nketiah was felled by Ederson, who avoided a second yellow card, and Bukayo Saka sent the Brazilian goalkeeper the wrong way with his spot-kick. Arteta admitted that Arsenal were ‘angry’ after their draw with Brentford on Saturday, in which Ivan Toney’s equaliser was wrongly allowed to stand. VAR official Lee Mason had incorrectly reviewed the footage and Arsenal have since received an apology from the PGMOL. The Arsenal boss said Arsenal would channel their frustration in a bid to overcome title rivals City. He said: "That incident has made the players, staff and our fans stronger to pass this hurdle that they put on us."