Donald Dillbeck gave a foul-mouthed tirade against Florida Governor Ron DeSantis before his execution, authorities have revealed. Dillbeck, 59, killed a police officer in 1979 and slit the throat of 44-year-old Faye Vann after escaping from jail in 1990.  Following his conviction for Vann's murder, a jury recommended eight-to-four that he should be executed. In his final words, Dillbeck said: "I know I hurt people when I was young. I really messed up." He added: "But I know Ron DeSantis has done a lot worse. "He’s taken a lot from a lot of people. I speak for all men, women and children. JUST IN: US makes big threat as China urges Putin to END Ukraine war: ‘At your peril’ "He’s put his foot on our necks. Ron DeSantis and other people like him can suck our d***s." Dillbeck's execution started at 6.02pm, with the 59-year-old's mouth open as he appeared to stop breathing just five minutes later. Vann's children, Tony and Laura, released a statement following the execution. They said: "11,932 days ago, Donald Dillbeck brutally killed our mother. "We were robbed of years of memories with her, and it has been very painful ever since." The pair also thanked Florida's Governor for going ahead with the execution, adding it has "given us some closure". DeSantis is reportedly mulling over whether to run for President in 2024, potentially joining ex-POTUS Donald Trump, former UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and anti-woke entrepreneur Vivek Ramaswamy in a congested Republican field. He was re-elected as Governor of the Sunshine State last November and was notably quiet about the death penalty during his first term. However, DeSantis expressed grave concern after Broward County's jury refused to sentence Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz to death for killing 17 people in 2018. DON'T MISS: Journalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] The 44-year-old has since revealed he wants to change state legislation from 2017 which requires a unanimous jury recommendation to impose the death penalty. DeSantis' detractors have alleged Florida's two-time Governor used Dillbeck's case to his political advantage. Florida Democrat Allison Miller said: "I’m not minimising what [Dillbeck] did to people but he is most definitely a political pawn." The US Supreme Court denied appeals from Dillbeck’s lawyers on Wednesday, with Florida's Supreme Court rejecting similar calls earlier this month. His lawyers argue that he should not have been executed as he suffers from fetal alcohol syndrome as his mother reportedly drank up to 24 beers-a-day during her pregnancy. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews