Kevin Durant has admitted he was upset that Kyre Irving demanded a trade away from the Brooklyn Nets, which essentially left him with no choice but to also ask to be moved on. Durant and Irving choose to leave their championship calibre sides in the Golden State Warriors and Boston Celtics to join forces with Brooklyn in 2019. Durant spoke fondly of his time in Brooklyn and emotionally stated that they were 'finally building the culture we always wanted'. While the team was having regular season success, they struggled in the playoffs, with both players missing a significant amount of action through injury. This past summer, Durant handed in a trade request as he was concerned with the direciton of the franchise, and did not know whether Irving wanted to return to the team. Durant eventually agreed to play for another year, reportedly letting the team know that he'd like to be traded if Irving was moved on. And earlier this month, Irving got into a contract dispute with the Nets which ultimately led to being traded to the Dallas Mavericks. Just days later, the Phoenix Suns swooped in for Durant, acquiring him for a huge haul including two-way star Mikal Bridges, Jae Crowder, Cameron Johnson and a whopping four first-round draft picks. READ MORE: LeBron James 'not happy' as Anthony Davis slammed amid Los Angeles Lakers struggles  Speakng on what went wrong in Brooklyn and how he looks back on his time in New York, Durant said: "Yeah, I was upset that we couldn’t finish. I thought we had good momentum. "We were finally building the culture we always wanted… I didn’t know what was going on with Kyrie and his situation with the Nets… It was a blow to our team." While Durant spoke positively of Irving, he may had inadvertedly proved a number of the point guard's doubters correct, in that the superstar is too unpredictable Irving, whose injuries have seen him miss significant time away from the court, has also been marred with controversies in recent years. He was suspended for eight games in November after sharing an anti-semitic film on his social media platforms. The point guard has left the Cleveland Cavaliers, Boston Celtics and now Nets under a cloud, with many sceptics questioning his loyalty to any given situation. The Mavericks traded a number of assets to acquire Irving, who could be on the move once again this summer when he is set to become a free agent.