Fans of Death in Paradise can enjoy the show’s spin-off series after the BBC confirmed Beyond Paradise would be hitting screens on Friday, February 24. The show is going to be airing on the channel and will be streaming on the BBC iPlayer. Along with confirming the air date, the BBC also dropped a brand-new image of the entire main cast. Beyond Paradise follows DI Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) and his fiancée Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) after their will-they-won’t-they romance reached a head back in Saint Marie in 2017. As fans will remember, Humphrey left Saint Marie to pursue his love for Martha with the pair finally becoming an item when he went back to London. Beyond Paradise will see the action shifting from the tropical climate of the Caribbean to UK shores. The series will be set in Shipton, Abbot, which is Martha’s home near the Devonshire coast. READ MORE: Countryfile backlash as fans scream at BBC over Adam mining segment Humphrey and Martha are temporarily living with her mum Anne Lloyd (Barbara Flynn), which adds another dimension to their relationship. Martha will be running her own restaurant while Humphrey joins the local police force to continue cracking crimes. Humphrey will be working with Zahra Ahmadi as DS Esther Williams, Dylan Llewellyn as PC Kelby Hartford and Zahra Ahmadi as Margo Martins. Another cast member joining the show will be Jade Harrison as DCI Charlie Woods. Further cast members include Nina Singh, Dan Ball, John Hollingworth, Hannah Traylen and Joe Bone. Much like Death in Paradise, the forthcoming series will see the team taking on a brand new case each week. Among the cases will be the theft of a pricey painting, a body turning up in a crop circle and even a serial arsonist leaving disaster in their wake after setting fire to local businesses to show their disdain for them. Finally, there will also be a woman claiming she was attacked by a suspect from the seventeenth century. The show will be more than just a crime drama with Humphrey and Martha navigating their new life together as well as facing things from his past. There is a total of six episodes in Beyond Paradise, which will be airing on a weekly basis on the BBC. Death in Paradise is going to be airing for a couple more weeks before the spin-off hits screens. Previously speaking about Beyond Paradise, lead Kris told The One Show: “Well I think there’s possibly even more sunshine.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [THEORY]Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'failed miserably' [INTERVIEW]Happy Valley viewers blast 'disappointing' finale [VIEWER REACTION] Kris went on to say about shooting Beyond Paradise over the summer last year: “It was hot! “My producer sent me a text on the first day because I’d often complain about the heat in the Caribbean. So, he sent me a text and said, ‘how’s it going?’” Kris was part of the original series Death in Paradise between 2014 and 2017 and took over from star Ben Miller after the star decided to depart as detractive Richard Poole. The actor left himself later on with Ardal O’Hanlon taking over from him. Despite having changed the lead star numerous, Death in Paradise continues to hold appeal with fans. Beyond Paradise continues to show how much Death in Paradise has grown over the years with the series now in its 12th season. Beyond Paradise will air on BBC One on Friday, February 24