Tom Chambers has come back to BBC crime drama Father Brown after several years away. The star first appeared as Inspector Sullivan back in season two and was a firm fixture on the series with appearances across the second and third outings before departing. Chambers then had some one-off parts in seasons seven and eight. He finally made his comeback to Father Brown in earnest this year as Sullivan. Chambers will be appearing across all the episodes of season 10. During his time away, his character has been promoted to Chief Inspector Sullivan. Actor Tom left because he had other projects at the time and couldn’t commit to both Father Brown and his other role with conflicting schedules. Speaking about his return to Father Brown, Chambers said it was “fantastic” to be back on the series. READ MORE: Coronation Street viewers ‘work out’ Stephen Reid’s next victim He continued: “I have been begging to come back ever since I left. “I had to leave in 2014 because I had another project that I had to be on full time. So I was stuck in between a rock and a hard place, and I couldn't come back.” He went on to say: “I did come back for one episode in 2018, and one in 2019. And then I was asked to come back full time. “It’s hard to express my feeling about returning, but what I said to Mark in a text was, ‘To say I'm happy to be coming back is an understatement!’ READ MORE: One of the stars of Emily in Paris joins the cast of Father Brown “Because when you come back for one episode, you get a little taste. “It’s like when someone has a bag of crisps and they just give you one. It's cruelty on your tastebuds. “That's why one crisp tastes so much better than the whole pack because you get to really savour that moment, and then it's a shame when you don't get another. That's what happened to me in 2018 and 2019.” He went on to explain his character’s absence, saying Sullivan has been in London “solving a lot of nastiness”. The police officer worked for the Special Branch and was delving into corruption within the police force, which was part of the reason for his brief Kembleford comeback in 2018. He hailed Father Brown for its “unique flavour” as a series and the “outstanding” production values. During filming, Chambers revealed the cast were granted access to some exquisite homes with “incredible history” and it provided a “rich tapestry” for him. Reflecting on how the series was different from other crime dramas, Chambers said: “Yes. Obviously, the modern-day sort of crime drama is all wham-bam killings. “Murder on those shows is very graphic, very brutal. But Father Brown is much gentler. That seems to really appeal to our audience.” DON'T MISS...Pamela Anderson 'realised no one has perfect childhood' in look-back [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Lola Pearce makes devastating discovery about childhood [SPOILERS]My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss [PICTURES] After exiting in 2015, Chambers went on to reprise his Holby City role as Sam Strachan in Casualty between 2016 and 2017. He then appeared in the ITV series Emmerdale as Clive in 2018, before going on to have some bit parts. Chambers featured in Midsomer Murders, Apollo 13: The Dark Side of the Moon and Into the Night. Prior to being cast in Father Brown, Chambers had appeared in Holby City, Waterloo Road, The Great Train Robbery, and The Virgin Queen. Father Brown airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is available as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer