A savage pit bull killed a 67-year-old British woman days after she found it abandoned in the Spanish countryside. The woman, who decided to take care of the dog, was pronounced dead in a Valencia hospital after being left with "catastrophic arm injuries" and a "head wound". First responders attended to the woman after she was attacked at around 2.00 pm on Friday on a path in the municipality Macastre, 43 kilometres from Valencia. Their efforts were slowed by the dog who was still at the scene, local media reports. To free up the first responders, the dog was reportedly shot using a firearm. The paramedics were able to stabilise her and took her to La Fe Hospital in Valencia, where she died on Saturday. The Spanish police force, the Guardia Civil, has opened up an investigation to find the animal's owner. However, the dog does not have an identifying microchip, making the investigation harder. The publication Las Provincias reported she had gone "into shock" after suffering a "catastrophic arm haemorrhage". In Spain, pit bulls are considered "potentially dangerous animals". The law there states that this category of animal should be always muzzled and kept on a leash less than two metres long. Owners also need a municipal license which has to be renewed every five years. The type of animals considered "potentially dangerous" by the Spanish authorities are those weighing over 20 kilograms, a bulky head, large chest, large jaw and a deep mouth, and large muscles. Don't miss...UK's most dangerous places to live ranked in new map [LATEST]Prison reform boss inflicted two decades of torture on her husband [LATEST]Harry and Meghan forced to watch as Camilla 'steals limelight' [LATEST] In the UK, pit bulls are illegal to own, breed, abandon or sell under the Dangerous Dogs Act 1991. They are one of four breeds that are illegal here. Japanese Tosa, Dogo Argentino and Fila Brasileiro are the other breeds banned in the UK. According to Spanish media, pit bulls and other "potentially dangerous" dogs are responsible for a hike in the number of abandoned dogs. El Pais reported they are the most abandoned and least adopted dogs in the country. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega 