Christian Horner has been caught laughing at Mercedes boss Toto Wolff in the new series of Netflix’s Drive to Survive. Horner chortles on camera when opening up about the Silver Arrow's struggles in the early stages of last season. The Red Bull boss also took aim at Wolff, claiming that not being at the front was a “different landscape” for the Mercedes chief. Horner said: “Mercedes look in a bit of a mess. It's a very different landscape for Toto. “Something that he's not been used to since he's come into Formula One where suddenly he's on the back foot. Let's not forget Mercedes have annihilated the opposition for seven years. Seven years they have destroyed everybody and finally you start to see problems.” Horner then chuckles loudly with a wide grin as he realises the extent of Mercedes' issues. He quickly composes himself before adding: “I’m sorry. Everyone is quite enjoying it." The programme also shows the moment Horner is first told that Mercedes could lack pace in 2022. READ MORE: George Russell calls for major F1 rule change before pre-season test An engineer admits the German manufacturer were “struggling” days into the first pre-season test. During the show, Hamilton’s frustrations with the W13 over the pre-season test are laid bare. In team radio messages the Briton explained the situation was “tough” on him due to a lack of pace. Mercedes were unable to compete with Max Verstappen for the crown last season after a range of problems. The team struggled with porpoising early on with Lewis Hamilton complaining of back pain at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. DON'T MISSKarun Chandhok joke as footage appears to show Lewis Hamilton problem [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton's speech after first F1 win shows true mentality [ANALYSIS]Mercedes chief suspicious amid Verstappen getting new Red Bull partner [COMMENT] The eight-time Constructors’ Champions solved the woes mid-season but then realised they lacked on performance to their rivals. Mercedes introduced a big upgrade at the United States Grand Prix which seemed to tackle some of their concerns. The new parts were enough to push Hamilton and George Russell closer to the front with the 25-year-old winning in Brazil. Wolff’s early concerns around Mercedes' car are also revealed as the Austrian accepted the team had not produced a car capable of challenging. He explained: “In the past, we have created a machine that performs seamlessly. But this year our car isn’t good enough and we need the best car in order to win and if that is missing you’re not going to win the world championship.”