Two meal deal enthusiasts have been treated to an extravagant, high-end dining experience – in the aisles of Tesco's Watford store. Greg Dwight, 38, and his partner Hannah Hoad, 34, were treated to a meal in luxurious fashion, with the finest cutlery, napkins, dinnerware, and table service from a personal waitress. To start, a snack was served in the form of a barbecue crunch mix, before mains of a Roast Beef, West Country Cheddar and Truffle Mayo Tiger Roll, and a Rainbow Salmon Poke Bowl arrived, alongside ice-cold sparkling soft drinks in champagne flutes. The items are all part of the new premium meal deal that launched by the supermarket today (Monday). Other shoppers were left bemused as the couple enjoyed being waited on hand and foot. Greg and Hannah, from Essex, who have been in a relationship for over five years, were chosen for their long-lasting love of the Tesco meal deal. Between them, they have enjoyed well over 500 in total since they’ve been together. Greg, speaking at the launch of the new premium range, available on Clubcard Prices, said: “It’s been a fun experience to celebrate our love for the iconic meal deal in such a unique way. “We’ve always had our ideal “go to” choices, but this new meal deal really mixes things up. “There are so many new mains options with incredible flavours you wouldn’t expect, like truffle or n’duja – we can’t wait to try more of them.” The couple were served by a waitress at their exclusive table and offered a menu of varying delights. Food choices included vegan options such as a Mexican bean and sweet potato veg box. Numerous shoppers at the store were left looking confused as the couple enjoyed the premium service while seated in the middle of the shop floor. And many stopped to watch what the waitress was revealing from under her cloche. Following the couple’s choices, the meals were selected immediately from the shop floor, and stylishly presented before serving. Alessandra Bellini, Tesco chief customer officer, said: “We know that our Meal Deal is hugely popular with our customers, and is a lunchtime staple for millions of people day in, day out. “But sometimes you want to treat yourself to something a little special, and the new option gives our shoppers the opportunity to upgrade their usual lunch choices.”