Australian police have denied reports suggesting they are investigating whether they have found the remains of missing British backpacker Peter Falconio near the place where he was last seen. Local media reported that sources close to police in Australia's Northern Territory had discovered human remains near the area where investigators believe convicted killer Bradley Murdoch dumped his body. The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald claimed the remains were found near Alice Springs, adding they would be "cross-checked against the Falconio case because of their age and location".  But police have denied these claims, branding the reports "factually incorrect". In a short statement, Northern Territory Police said no remains had been recovered at all. The force said: "No human remains have been located by Northern Territory Police, and a search is not currently being conducted. "Current media reports are factually incorrect."    The force's Assistant Commissioner Michael White added: "Northern Territory Police would like to advise the public that speculating on the identity on any missing person causes unwarranted grief and trauma to the family and friends." Police have previously found remains in 2003, 2004 and 2007 thought connected to the Falconio case, but these were deemed not to have come from the backpacker. Murdoch was convicted of Mr Falconio's murder in 2005, but he has refused to say where he buried the backpacker's body, maintaining his innocence. He was handed a life sentence with a minimum of 28 years for the crime and attempted abduction of his girlfriend Johanne Lees nearly 22 years ago. The backpacker was 28 when he and Ms Lees were targeted by Murdoch as they drove down Stuart Highway, to the north of Alice Springs. Courts heard he drove up behind the couple on July 14, 2001, and motioned for them to pull over, suggesting their car had a mechanical issue. Ms Lees told police she heard a shot as the man who stopped them went to check the car, and that she was tied up by Murdoch. She added that she escaped and hid for five hours as he hunted her before flagging down a passing truck. During his trial, courts heard that Murdoch had disposed of Mr Falconio's body somewhere in the 200km stretch between Alice Springs and Broome. But despite extensive searches in the area, police are yet to recover his remains.