Outer Banks season three is on Netflix now and it saw the Pogues set off on a new adventure. As they were in a race to reach El Dorado, the lost city of gold, episode nine was titled Welcome to Kitty Hawk. The episode paid tribute to Alexander Jennings and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The teen adventure series featured a title card at the end of episode nine which read: "In loving memory of Alexander Jennings". He was a stunt performer who worked as the body double for Chase Stokes, who plays John B in the series. When he was just 22 years old, he died on July 15, 2022, from injuries he had sustained during an accident. He had been involved in a double hit-and-run near Charleston, South Carolina where the series was being filmed. READ MORE: Outer Banks has been renewed for a fourth season by Netflix Kimmie Stewart Casting confirmed the news along with an emotional tribute. They said on Instagram: "It is with great sadness that I share on Tuesday Alexander "AJ" Jennings' mother informed me of his tragic death. "Outer Banks crew & cast suffered a terrible loss when AJ was struck by two cars, that fled the scene early this morning. "AJ was a beautiful, kind soul & a bright light every day on set. "He moved to Charleston from New York to work as our John B photo double/stand in this season. "I can not fathom the shock and tragedy of AJ's sudden loss and our thoughts are with his family and friends during this difficult time. "I understand this message may be difficult to process for those of you that met & became fast friends with AJ. "Netflix HR has grief counseling available, please reach out to me by email or text and I can get you the information. DON'T MISS... Madelyn Cline shot to fame as Sarah Cameron in Outer Banks Outer Banks season 3 star teases 'missing piece' hero for the Pogues Outer Banks season 3 welcomes three new cast members "I am still at a loss for words how this happened & cannot imagine the heartache his family is going through. "We will miss this amazing human & his infectious smile dearly." One follower who had known of Alexander commented: "I always saw him playing basketball with some of the other guys while we were in holding. "He was truly a ray of sunshine and had the biggest smile on his face. "My heart is broken for his family, friends, and the entire cast and crew of obx. Fly high sweet angel boy." Another added: "What a horrible tragedy, my prayers go out to his family and to the OBX family." Chase Stokes also paid tribute to the star on his Instagram story, saying he was still trying to process Alexander's death. He said he "doesn't understand" why such things happen and Alexander's life was just getting started.  Outer Banks season 3 is on Netflix now and the show has been renewed for season four.