Olly Murs was celebrating success after his seventh studio album, Marry Me, hit the number one spot in the charts - but not everyone was quite so happy. One fan grumbled that the 38-year-old's latest offering was such poor quality that he felt let down - and the hitmaker responded offering to give up his winner's plaque. He delivered the sassy response to the disgruntled fan who hit out on Twitter. "Huge fan of yours but this new album is not good, you need to up your game Olly," the follower wrote. Olly issued an apology, as he cheekily replied: "Noted Steve… appreciate the feedback! "Sorry I’ve let ya down, I’ll take my number 1 plaque back today and let someone else have it!"(sic) READ NOW: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce He then added emojis of a face breaking out into a cold sweat, followed by a "nerd face". One fan, @mynameisbrooke, joked back: "Can I have it?" and Olly answered: "Done!" He added a rolling on the floor laughing emoji to punctuate how he was feeling in the moment, and fans responded in kind.   It seems as though the majority of his fans agree, as tickets have been selling like hot cakes for his UK arena tour in April. He recently announced that there will also be an one-off intimate concert to a smaller audience at the Plymouth Pavillions venue later this year. He staged a Valentine's Day surprise like no other when he had love notes hidden around the city for locals to find, in which signed tickets to the gig had been stashed. The tour's title will match the name of his album, Marry Me. Olly's shows will likely be attended by fiancee Amelia Tank, a female bodybuilder with whom he is absolutely smitten. The couple got engaged last summer after he popped the question when he proposed atop a cliff during a hike in Cornwall. Earlier that year, he'd broken things off, before sorely regretting it, as he exclaimed: ""I had an epiphany. I was like, 'What am I doing, she's f*****g perfect!'" He told the Mirror that he'd urged himself to "stop being an idiot" before asking Amelia if she wanted a lifelong commitment.