Toto Wolff and Christian Horner can still block teams such as Andretti from joining F1 due to a simple rule. The FIA has confirmed that if no applicant is “considered suitable” by F1 bosses then no team will be accepted to join. The governing body also confirmed that current squads would be “given priority” over new constructors. It means team bosses can still deny access to teams even if the FIA thinks the application is worthy of acceptance. The FIA’s expression of interest document reads: “For the avoidance of doubt, no new applicant has an automatic right of entry to the Championship and the maximum number of teams competing in the Championship up to and including the 2025 season is capped at 12. “Existing F1 teams will be given priority over new applicants. In the event that no applicant is considered suitable by the FIA and/or by the F1 Commercial Rights Holder, no new F1 team(s) will be selected.” It comes after the FIA opened expressions of interest to join the series with Andretti/Cadillac at the front of the queue. President Mohammed ben Sulayem has supported the process and backed Andretti’s bid. READ MORE: FIA sets £264k bill for new F1 entries as criteria made public However, F1 bosses did not appear overly enthusiastic about the plans when they were revealed earlier this month. F1 chiefs also made clear they will have a say in which teams entered the sport. The statement said: “There is great interest in the F1 project at this time with a number of conversations continuing that are not as visible as others. We all want to ensure the championship remains credible and stable and any new entrant request will be assessed on criteria to meet those objectives by all the relevant stakeholders. "Any new entrant request requires the agreement of both F1 and the FIA.” Mercedes boss Wolff has been one of the most vocal against plans for F1’s expansion over fears it could “dilute” profits. DON'T MISSChristian Horner calls out Ben Sulayem amid uncertainty over Andretti [INSIGHT]Horner makes confession as team bids to rival Mercedes and Red Bull [ANALYSIS]F1 failure Toto Wolff doesn't want repeated as FIA plan expansion [COMMENT] As things stand, 10 teams split the commercial rights among themselves in prize money at the end of the season. However, an 11th squad means every team will receive slightly less at the end of the season in what could be a significant blow to their budgets. Wolff commented: “I mean, each of the organisations that’s sitting here on the podium has probably put more than a billion into the Formula One projects over the years, so it needs to be accretive. If a team comes in, how can you demonstrate that you’re bringing in more money than it’s actually costing: because the 11th team means a 10 per cent dilution for everybody else.” Horner has also questioned who would "pay" existing teams if an 11th team reduced the prize pot. It has since emerged that a “strong majority” of the sport’s current members were against a new entry in what could end Andretti’s hopes of joining the grid.