The Chancellor is set to announce a series of changes to taxes next month as part of the Government’s Spring Budget. Specifically, experts are concerned about Jeremy Hunt’s pending cuts to the allowance for capital gains tax (CGT) which will see even more people dragged into paying the HMRC levy. CGT is a tax on the profit someone makes when that individual disposes of an asset they own which has increased in value. It is the gain someone makes from this raised value which is taxed, not the amount of money they make from disposing of it. There are multiple examples of how a person can dispose of an asset, which includes selling it, swapping it for something else or giving it away as a gift to someone. People only have to pay capital gains tax on their overall gains above the tax-free allowance, which is currently £12,300 a year for most taxpayers and £6,150 for trusts. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance In April of this year, the tax allowance for CGT is set to be halved to £6,000 annually in a bid to generate more revenue for the Government. Furthermore, this reduced capital gains tax allowance will be cut even further to £3,000 a year from April 2024. Concerns have been raised by financial analysts that thousands of Britons could see themselves being dragged into paying the levy. This is because the gain someone makes selling an asset of increased value may increase in line with inflation, while the tax-saving allowance continues to be whittled down. Earlier this week, HMRC published its latest tax figures which found that the UK is paying a record amount in CGT. Some £13.2billion was paid by taxpayers in January 2023 alone which is a staggering 24 percent rise from the previous year. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, broke down what these figures really mean for taxpayers. She explained: “The amount the nation is paying in capital gains tax has hit a record high, with £13.2billion paid in January alone thanks to the wealth tax. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “The Government has seen CGT receipts rise by 24 percent when compared to the previous January, as investors rush to lock in gains before the Chancellor’s tax crackdown hits in April. “Typically, CGT receipts peak in the first three months of the year, as people use up their allowances and cash in gains before the end of the tax year.” The finance expert warned the coming year could prove to be costly for thousands of people and taxpayers must either “use or lose” their CGT allowance to save money. Ms Suter added: “However, this year is shaping up to be a bumper tax-year end as people are wary of the cut to allowances in April and are also fearful of a further crunch on wealth taxes in the upcoming Budget “It means many investors will be cashing in gains up to that limit before the tax year is over, as if you don’t use it you lose it. However, anyone just cashing in gains up to their tax-free limit wouldn’t incur CGT and so wouldn’t add to these figures. “But many investors sitting on significant gains are likely to have cashed them in sooner, in the knowledge that the tax environment will be harsher come April. “The exodus of landlords from the buy-to-let market will also contribute to these figures, as individuals sell second properties ahead of the April deadline.” Jeremy Hunt will outline the Government’s fiscal plans as part of the Spring Budget on March 15, 2023.