BBC commentator John Motson has passed away at the age of 77, leaving the football world and Premier League in mourning. The legendary commentator, a hugely respected figure in the world of broadcasting who commentated on over 2,000 games in his distinguished career, died on Thursday. The BBC confirmed his death with a glowing tribute to his extraordinary achievements and dedication to football broadcasting. It said: "Motson covered 10 World Cups, 10 European Championships and 29 FA Cup finals for BBC Sport before retiring from the organisation in 2018. Popularly known as 'Motty', he had worked on Match of the Day since 1971 and commentated on almost 2,500 televised games." Motson, who worked on Match of the Day from for 47 years from 1971, was entrusted with working the microphone for every major final on the BBC, from the Champions League to the World Cup, until 2008. In 2001, he became an OBE for services to sports broadcasting. MUST READ: John Motson interview on moment which 'changed his life' resurfaces after death Motson was one of the most recognisable voices behind the BBC's Match of the Day coverage before his retirement in 2018 after commentating on the fixture between Crystal Palace and West Bromwich Albion. Tributes quickly poured in for the beloved football mastermind, whose famous voice behind the microphone became one of the pillars of English football coverage on television. BBC Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker said he was left "deeply saddened" by Motson's passing. DON'T MISS Arsenal discover when Gabriel Jesus 'will return from injury' ahead of crucial runMason Greenwood in middle of Man Utd split as Harry Kane favoured over Victor OsimhenArsenal hero Thierry Henry threatens to walk off CBS Sports after Tottenham question He wrote on Twitter: "Deeply saddened to hear that John Motson has died. A quite brilliant commentator and the voice of football in this country for generations. He’ll be very much missed. RIP Motty." Former Liverpool defender and Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher said: "RIP John Motson. An absolute Legend of the game. So many of us grew up listening to this man describe the action and goals on MOTD and cup finals. Sad loss." Former Sky Sports anchor Richard Keys wrote: "Oh Motty - how sad. You were the best for a very long time. You turned football commentary into an art-form and set the bench mark for a generation to come. I will always cherish the time we had together. RIP my friend." The Football Supporters Association released a statement which read: "Very sad news about legendary commentator John Motson who has died aged 77 today. John was awarded a lifetime achievement award by supporters at our awards ceremony back in 2017 - John was a gent that night and it was a pleasure to have him along. RIP Motty." BT Sport commentator Darren Fletcher reacted to his passing, saying: "This is such sad news - an iconic commentator with his own distinctive and brilliant style. The soundtrack to my youth watching football." Stan Collymore, the former England international, also joined those in commemorating Motson: "A sporting icon in his own right, a pleasure to work with and see regularly over many years. Rest in Peace, Motty, a broadcasting giant."