Boris Johnson is expected to make an intervention today on the new deal Brexit deal with the EU on Northern Ireland. The former Prime Minister was not in Parliament yesterday when Rishi Sunak made his statement to MPs but had been critical of the negotiations ahead of the unveiling of the Windsor Framework. The European Research Group (ERG) of Tory Brexiteer MPs are due to meet this evening at 6pm but some members have said they are waiting for the verdict of Mr Johnson. Last week, Mr Johnson made it clear he thought the UK Government should have pressed ahead with taking unilateral action and passing the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill which would have solved most of the issues. Mr Sunak has claimed that his deal is "better than the Bill" but it is understood that Mr Johnson has warned the Democratic Unionists (DUP) about potential traps in the agreement. One ERG member said: "We are meeting to discuss this and I'm sure our star chamber (of lawyers) will be asked to give their verdict. "I want to hear the opinions of Sir Bill [cash who chairs the star chamber] and Boris before I'm going to be happy to vote for it." Mr Sunak has appealed to his colleagues not to get "caught up with personalities." He told Radio 4's Today Program: "Of course I speak to the former Prime Minister but this is not about personalities it is about the people of Northern Ireland and what is important for them." But there is speculation that Mr Johnson had been hoping a row over the EU deal may give him a route to take power back and return as Prime Minister. One Conservative backbencher said: "It feels like the PM [Mr Sunak] is out of the woods for now although there are plenty more problems to come..the Budget, the local elections and so on."  Another Conservative MP added: "It feels like this is not going to be the way Boris returns now. Most colleagues are very happy with it. Let's move on." However, another MP added: "Don't rule Boris out yet." Many believe that the decision of the DUP over whether to support the deal will be crucial. 