Jude Bellingham is reportedly Liverpool's deal to lose this summer, but they are far from in a prime position, nor are they alone in their pursuit. Borussia Dortmund are ready to sell the 19-year-old midfielder for the right price ahead of what would likely be the biggest deal of the transfer window. Bellingham is understood to be available for around £135million at the end of the season, potentially making him the third most expensive footballer of all time after Neymar and Kylian Mbappe. According to The Athletic, the highly-rated England international is Liverpool's priority target this summer as they eye a midfield rebuild. And Jurgen Klopp's relationship with his former club Dortmund is seen as a possible advantage in what could be a competitive transfer battle. With Liverpool's director of football, Julian Ward, set to depart, Klopp could be key to the Merseyside giants' hopes of securing a deal. The report claims he is likelier to splash a club-record fee on Bellingham rather than signing two players for the same combined fee. JUST IN: Rio Ferdinand backs 'intelligent' Jude Bellingham to snub Liverpool  And the Dortmund superstar is said to be a 'huge' admirer of Klopp and Liverpool, despite the club's dismal season so far. Bellingham isn't expected to be put off by the Reds' campaign, which could see them miss out on Champions League football for the first time since 2015. However, he could be tempted elsewhere, with Barcelona, Manchester City, and Real Madrid also credited with an interest in his signature. And among that trio lie Manchester United, who have also re-emerged as potential contenders amid a rapid uprise under Erik ten Hag. DON'T MISS Man Utd takeover LIVE - Mbappe move 'eyed', Sheikh Jassim admissionMan Utd fans split over Mason Greenwood as club continue investigationLiverpool already know £98m Josko Gvardiol would love to join them It's claimed that if a takeover at Old Trafford goes through in the near future, United could become the club with the funds and pull power available to complete a deal. However, Arsenal are not in the race as part of a cluster of European heavyweights who don't have the financial strength to pull off a swoop, despite interest from the Emirates Stadium. Chelsea are also considered outsiders after their British record £107m move for Enzo Fernandez in January. Paris Saint-Germain have also been linked, but Ligue 1 is unlikely to appeal to an ambitious young player hungry to compete at the highest level. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here