But the most remarkable leg of Mr Anderson's journey may be the one which saw him go from from ultra Boris Johnson loyalist to the man tasked with helping Rishi Sunak win an unlikely election victory. The appointment may prove to be the Prime Minister's most politically astute one yet and one which could see off the threat of a coup from Mr Johnson's diehard supporters. Back on October 20 as I sat in the darkening evening inside a virtually deserted Portcullis House on the parliamentary estate filing late copy about the aftermath of Liz Truss's resignation as Prime Minister that day a familiar MP approached. It was Mr Anderson. Inevitably the leadership question and impending arrival of Mr Johnson was the subject of the conversation. Much to my surprise, though, he was thinking about backing Penny Mordaunt, muttering at the end "anybody but Rishi." Although he backed Mr Johnson until he pulled out, he did end up backing the one leadership rival who tried to force a contest against Mr Sunak. Now just 110 days later, the same MP is the man Mr Sunak has drafted in to save his skin, with Boris Johnson and Liz Truss circling. There are several reasons why this is a brilliant move from a Prime Minister seeking to establish himself in a highly volatile environment. Not least - he has drawn the sting of the grassroots rebellion which was going on within the party with the Cosnervative Democratic Organisation (CDO). While they demanded that the new chairman - a role filled by former Remainer Greg Hands - was elected, many would have voted for Mr Anderson, the CDO admitted as much. More to the point is that the move is precisely the sort of thing Sunak's critics said he was incapable of. Even last night as news of the reshuffle today broke he was being described as "too insecure" and "afraid" to draw on talent from parts of his party who had lined up against him in the leadership race. But by bringing Mr Anderson in to a senior position he has a man on his team who had refused point blank to support him in any circumstances for the leadership and had been a serious critic. Anderson was being wooed by the Bring Back Boris team and is a popular MP among the 2019 intake, particularly the right of the party. His own back story and conversion to Conservatism from Labour is inspiring in itself and he is not a man to be messed with. The ex-miner relishes being targeted by leftwingers on Twitter and social media and has been a stalwart in the culture war issues as a prominent member of the Common Sense Group and chairman of the Blue Collar Conservatism movement. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak unveils Cabinet reshuffle with new Tory chairman named The visceral hatred the Left have for the ex-Labour man or "30p Lee" as they call him cannot be underestimated either. Anderson challenges the benefits culture and represents a version of traditional working class politics based on get up and go hard work and patriotism that Labour has long since abandoned. This was best embodied in him questioning the need for food banks and offering lessons to families on how to cook nutricious and tasty meals for 30p each. His version of Ready, Steady Cook has had the lefties lathering in rage for months. But he also represents the sort of former Labour voter who abandoned the party over Brexit. The well-to-do Remainer types don't like it and they don't like a man who embodies the sort of people they want to misrepresent as "stupid and racist". For a Prime Minister whose own Brxit credentials are constantly being questioned having a Lee Anderson at your side is a great idea. Two videos have bugged Mr Sunak since he first tried to run as leader. One is of when he was young saying he did not have any working class friends. The Second was as Chancellor telling posh people in Tunbridge Wells that he was redistributing money to them not the Midlands and Northern seats which had been promised levelling up. The charge of helping the rich, Tory areas seemed to be supported with the recent distribution of "levelling up grants" with more going to the South East than the North East. Again, Mr Sunak now has a man who can represent the Red Wall, can take on the arguments of Tory privilege and give him credibility. Interestingly, Sunak may have been at the meeting where Anderson's friend Marco Longhi proposed to Boris Johnson (before he left office) that the Ashfield MP to be "a chairman for the Red Wall". Whether he was or wasn't Mr Sunak seems to have embraced the idea. It may also see off the backlash from Northern MPs who are furious he hasn't delivered on his promise for a Minister for the North. Mr Longhi said: "I just hope [Sunak] uses him properly, Lee's a campaigning machine." To say Mr Anderson has a direct style of politics would be an understatement. One of the first stories I covered of him was when he got a forklift truck to move concrete blocks and prevent Travellers from invading common space in his constituency. This is a man who is not afraid to get his hands dirty. The 30p meals and cooking lessons were another example of Mr Anderson connecting straight with the people. Anyone who follows his Twitter acccount will also know he goes looking for potholes and dealing with people's problems in Ashfield. The style is so different to most Conservative MPs - and alien to the sort who backed Sunak - but it reinforces what a good move this will be. Bringing in Lee Anderson into the team is certainly Mr Sunak's most effective move since hhe quit as Chancellor and forced Mr Johnson to resign. He will have a man who is loyal and provide exactly the sort of qualities and experience lacking in the rest of his inner circle. But the question will be: Is it enough? In the end what will decide Mr Sunak's fate could be the polls and the local election results in May. If he is still lagging 20 plus points behind he will struggle against growing opposition from Borisites and Trussites. But with Anderson as Deputy Chairman there is no doubt that Sunak's position as leader and Prime Minister is much stronger today than it was yesterday.