The Premier League have changed six of the charges levied against Manchester City after they were included within their original statement by error. The Sky Blues have been charged with breaking 115 financial rules and regulations however a small minority of the lesser offences were initially misreported by the Premier League. City have been referred to an independent commission after being charged by the Premier League with breaking 115 financial rules and regulations in a nine-year period between 2009 and 2018. The club have consistently denied any wrongdoing and will challenge the allegations strongly. The Premier League has been investigating City’s financial dealings for over four years after German publication Der Spiegel shared a number of leaked documents alleging that the club had been increasing their reported revenues through inflated deals with Emirati sponsors. On Monday, the Premier League finally confirmed that the Citizens had been charged as a result of their investigation. However, it now appears that some of the charges initially included in their announcement were wrong with The Mirror reporting the statement was amended. It should be said that many of the charges involved are largely inconsequential to the bigger financial investigation, relating to when matches are scheduled instead. READ MORE: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Mikel Arteta's brilliant Arsenal They included rules E.3, E.4, E.11 and E.12, regarding issues such as non-televised matches being played on a Saturday at 3pm, matches that take place on New Year's Day and clubs entering the FA Cup. The Premier League changed guidelines around these rules in the following seasons, moving them into different sections of their law book however this was not shown on their statement charging City. The same error then occurred later in the statement when referring to the 2021-22 season and breaches of rules W.15 and W.16, which were swiftly corrected to W.12 and W.13. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges It is not the first time that City have faced a significant investigation into their financial dealings after previously being subject of an enquiry by UEFA. The Sky Blues were banned from the Champions League for two years after being deemed to have broken FFP laws however this punishment was reduced to a £9million fine after the club appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. It is unclear how long the Premier League’s investigation into the reigning champions will take but given it has taken four years to reach this point it could well by many months until a conclusion is finally found.