Currys is offering free freezers to low income families and people can also get cooking classes and recipes as part of a new scheme. Families will also be able to access face-to-face and online cooking classes, recipes and help with budgeting. Currys will donate the freezers after consulting with each household taking part, to find out the best solution for their needs given their available space and energy use. The project begins next month as a trial with a small group of people initially to access the help. The trial is currently on offer to those who live in properties owned by Clarion Housing Group in Salford. Clarion Housing Group is one of the biggest social landlords in the UK and has also worked on the project. READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs The pilot scheme will look at whether having access to frozen food helps families cut their food waste and reduce their food bill. Research from Manchester Metropolitan University showed families switching from fresh to frozen food reduce their grocery bills by a quarter and cut their food waste in half. The results of the pilot will be evaluated by the university with a white paper to be published and shared with UK policymakers and social landlords. Richard Walker, executive chairman at Iceland, said: "The cost of living crisis is a concern for households across the UK and we know many people will be looking for ways to lower the cost of their food shop.  "This unique community project will help families with barriers to freezer ownership, and we hope that we will find that families can save money and improve their diets when they are able to access and use freezers and frozen food." Steve Challouma, general manager at Birds Eye, commented: “By making healthy options more convenient, and by reducing food waste, we hope that this project succeeds in helping participating families and households adopt healthier and more affordable eating habits.” Food prices have continued to increase over the past year with the cost of supermarket essentials squeezing many Britons’ budgets. Victor Trokoudes, founder and CEO of Plum, warned high food prices could remain for quite a while. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost He told Express.co.uk previously: “The weekly shop is one area where people are already feeling the pinch. “Prices of everyday food items have risen sharply due to the rising production costs, like energy costs, animal feed, fertiliser and fuel, coupled with low profits for farmers. “Everyday items like milk, bread and eggs have been hit particularly hard. If we look ahead to the more distant future, the OBR is predicting that inflation will be in negative figures by halfway through 2024. “This feels hard to believe as we are currently in double figures, but bear in mind that their predictions have been quite accurate thus far (for example, saying the inflation would peak at around 11 percent which it appears to have done at the end of last year).” Mr Trokoudes said there are some “tried and tested” methods people can try to reduce their weekly food bill. He explained: “Start by drawing up a plan of what you want to eat over the week so only buy what will actually get used. “Set a realistic budget beforehand and then shop online or with a smart scanner in store so you can keep track of what you’re spending. “It’s always worth having a quick compare of prices between supermarkets too, as some have the same produce for cheaper prices.”