Liverpool started the January transfer window with a bang in catching everyone by surprise with the signing of Cody Gakpo, but fans have been left frustrated at a lack of business since then. The first half of the season for Liverpool further highlighted Jurgen Klopp's need to bolster his midfield. The January window was seen as an ideal opportunity to make some changes in the middle of the pack to provide a boost to a squad clearly devoid of confidence. They did start with another transfer coup heading into the New Year after agreeing a deal to sign Gakpo despite previous reports suggesting Manchester United were leading the race for his signature. While being an exciting signing, Gakpo fails to fix Liverpool's biggest issue of all in the middle of the park. Liverpool's failure to make any midfield signings in January coincided with a dreadful run of form which saw them pick up just one point from three Premier League games and get knocked out of the FA Cup. Jordan Henderson, Fabinho, Curtis Jones and Naby Keita have struggled to find any kind of form this year with 31-year-old Thiago Alcantara being over-relied upon. Stefan Bajcetic would arguably not be featuring as regularly as he has done if Liverpool's midfield were firing on all cylinders, despite showing promise in his fleeting appearances.  The Reds' lack of movement in the market has been further highlighted due to the spending sprees at both Chelsea and Arsenal. Liverpool fans have long bemoaned about a lack of investment when the club were flying high near the top of the table. With the club now in serious danger of missing out on European football altogether next year, those frustrations have only been compounded further. Banking on Bellingham joining in the summer appears to be a risk Liverpool are willing to make by not making another move in January.  The likes of Moises Caicedo, Marcel Sabitzer and Enzo Fernandez were seemingly available for the right price. But Liverpool's transfer officials clearly felt the prices being asked for were not worth it in the end. It's hard to judge Gakpo since his switch to Liverpool with the youngster hardly expected to be the main man to turn things around at Anfield. The Dutchman has shown signs that he'll prove to be worth his money as he's already begun fitting into Klopp's system - goals and assists are sure to come in the near future. But Liverpool's steadfast attitude in waiting for the right player to become available in midfield could come back to bite them by the end of the season. Gakpo's arrival may have been a strong start to the transfer window, but there's no denying that it ended with a whimper.