Every female member of the Royal Family, including non-working royals, have worn tiaras on their wedding day. It is a royal tradition that only married women can wear tiaras, hence why blood-born Princesses such as Beatrice and Eugenie had to wait until their wedding days before they could don one.  Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle, who both married into the Royal Family, got to wear a tiara on their wedding day also. But what is the most valuable royal tiara? Maxwell Stone, a fine jewellery expert at UK retailer Steven Stone, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain. He said: "Princess Eugenie surprised us all by not wearing her mother's tiara, instead opting to borrow the Greville Emerald Kokoshnik tiara from her grandmother, the late Queen Elizabeth II. "Featuring a 93.7-carat cabochon-cut emerald, it's the most valuable royal tiara and worth a staggering £10million." READ MORE: Kate Middleton shrugs off Prince William in ‘awkward’ moment  The Greville Emerald Kokoshnik tiara is made of rose-cut pave diamonds set in platinum and is adorned with six emeralds. The centre features 93.7-carat cabochon-cut emeralds and was worn by Princess Eugenie when marrying Jack Brooksbank on 12 October 2018. The distinctive diamond and emerald headpiece, made by the French jeweller Boucheron in 1919, which Steven Stone estimated to be worth £10million, makes it the most expensive of all the royal tiaras. In their analysis, they found that it could potentially cost the Royal Family £174,980 to insure annually.  In contrast, Princess Beatrice's wedding tiara, the Queen Mary Fringe Tiara, is estimated to be worth £5million. This tiara comprises 47 diamond bars with alternating smaller diamond spikes. It is set in gold and silver and was crafted in 1919 by the British jewellers Garrard and Co. using a diamond necklace that was given to Queen Mary on her wedding day in 1893. It is the same headpiece Queen Elizabeth II wore when she married the Duke of Edinburgh in 1947 and was also worn by Princess Anne at her royal wedding in 1973. Meanwhile, Meghan's tiara, the Queen Mary’s Diamond Bandeau Tiara, is estimated to be worth just £2million. READ MORE: Queen Camilla tests positive for Covid - inside her £3.9million home  This diadem is set with large and small diamonds in a geometric design. Worn by the Duchess of Sussex when marrying Prince Harry on May 19, 2018, the centre stone on the headpiece is a detachable 10-diamond brooch. It was gifted to Queen Mary on her wedding day in 1893, making the tiara dual purpose. The tiara was used for the first time in 65 years when worn by Meghan on her big day in 2018. What other jewels did Princess Eugenie wear on her wedding day?  Mr Stone continued: "Though Princess Eugenie kept her jewellery fairly simple on her wedding day, it's clear that a lot of thought went into each piece as they all have a family connection. "These include her wedding ring that was made from a piece of Welsh gold given by Queen Elizabeth II, and also a pair of diamond and cabochon emerald drop earrings that were a gift from her new husband. "Eugenie’s engagement ring was visible on her right hand - featuring an incredibly rare pink padparadscha sapphire, surrounded by a halo of sparkling diamonds, Eugenie's engagement ring is by far the rarest royal engagement ring. "Padparadscha sapphires are so rare in fact that many people haven't heard of them - they're strikingly beautiful with unique shades of pink and orange that often resemble the colours of a sunset." 