Recent figures from CheckaTrade indicate the average cost of running the heating per hour could be as much as £2.76 following the latest energy bill price hikes. To avoid astronomical bills while still trying to keep warm, I decided to test a heated throw from VanHaus, but is it something I'd recommend for others looking to save money? When my throw arrived in November last year I was so pleased with how warm and cosy it kept me, that I vowed not to put the central heating on all winter. Electric blankets and throws are extremely economical to heat – costing as little as five pence per hour to run. Central heating, on the other hand, now costs around £2.76 an hour so ditching it for a heated throw or two could lead to huge savings. For me, it's a no-brainer as not only has it been saving me heaps of money but it also keeps me much warmer than the central heating ever could. READ MORE: Cancelling your BBC TV licence could save you £159 - rules explained  That said, I haven't managed to stick to my vow of not putting the central heating on at all - especially during really cold snaps. However, I have managed to not put my heating on as much and have been saving around £25 a month after the Government grant of £66. This saving is also down to other swaps I've made like using an air fryer and slow cooker instead of the oven and washing clothes on a shorter cycle. Even if energy bills return to more normal levels, I'll always reach for the electric throw before switching on the central heating. DON'T MISSInheritance tax warning as Britons fail to plan for 40% bill [WARNING]UK’s 'best buy savings account’ turns £10k into £12,402 [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis tip helps retired pensioner increase savings by £5,000 [ALERT]  Express Money readers can use a really useful online tool which helps people work out how much each of their household appliances is costing them so they can decide which swaps they are prepared to make. Some of the biggest energy guzzlers are central heating, ovens, dishwashers and tumble dryers. The good news is simple habit changes can lead to noticeable savings whereas poor energy habits could be costing households £285 extra every year, according to Uswitch. Ben Gallizzi, energy expert at Uswitch.com, said: “At a time of year when we’re all coming up with New Year Resolutions, it’s a great moment to get into good energy habits and save yourself money."    He continued: “We’ve all been guilty at times of leaving the lights on or overfilling the kettle, but it’s important to remember that these habits can all add hundreds of pounds a year to our bills. “Doing your best to get into good habits could be a great starting point, and saving money might be as simple as using the eco mode on your white goods and making sure you only run them when full." "You can’t always tell if changing your habits is making a difference until you see your bill – unless you track your usage.   Meanwhile, Britons may be able to get cost of living help and energy bill support during 2023. From April a further payment of £300 will be made to eight million low-income households on means-tested benefits. The £150 cost of living payment will be made to six million individuals on disability benefits sometime in the summer. The second instalment - of £300 - of the cost of living payment for Britons on means-tested benefits will be paid in Autumn which will be paid before the £300 pensioner cost of living payment which will be made in winter 2023 to 2024, while a third cost-of-living payment of £299 will be made in spring 2024.  