Boris Becker's ex-wife Sharlely 'Lilly' Kerssenberg has hit out at the tennis legend following his release from prison, branding him a "devil" who "lives in his world in which everything revolves around Boris Becker". The 55-year-old was found guilty of four charges under the Insolvency Act after being accused of hiding £2.5m worth of assets and loans when he declared bankruptcy in 2017. Becker was sentenced to two-and-a-half years in jail last April, but was released in December after serving eight months. Kerssenberg and Becker announced they had divorced in May 2018, 11 months after the six-time Grand Slam winner was declared bankrupt. The pair were married for nine years and Kerssenberg says Becker has now stopped paying child support for their son Amadeus. Speaking to German newspaper Bild, she said: "Boris can be charming and loving when he wants to, but also extremely hurtful with words. A devil. JUST IN: Djokovic spotted blasting out karaoke with Aston Villa icon "Prison didn't make Boris a better person. Boris lives in his world in which everything revolves around Boris Becker." She continued: "It is not my fault he went to prison. He ruined his reputation all by himself. Boris doesn't care whether we're doing well or badly. We used to have an honest love. When I started to emancipate myself in marriage, there were arguments. Also because of Boris's lies about his finances." Speaking after he was released from prison in December, Becker claimed he "rediscovered the person I used to be" while incarcerated. "You are nobody in prison," he told German TV station SAT.1. DON'T MISSBjorn Borg's Rafael Nadal anecdote sums up Spaniard's attitudeKyrgios leaps to Berrettini's defence and compares earnings to SinnerTennis facing tournament crisis due to Wimbledon's Russian ban "You are just a number. Mine was A2923EV. I wasn't called Boris. I was a number. And they don't give a f*** who you are. I think I rediscovered the person I used to be. "I learned a hard lesson. A very expensive one. A very painful one. But the whole thing has something important and good for me learned. And some things happen for a good reason."