A resident close to the scene of a toxic train derailment says he's had trouble breathing and now talks like "Mickey Mouse". Car dealer Wade Lovett, 40, is the latest local in East Palestine, Ohio to raise concerns in the aftermath of the 50-carriage crash on February 3. It comes amid public concerns of possible contamination after a controlled burn of chemicals by authorities, who insist the area is safe and habitable.   Mr Lovett told the New York Post: "Doctors say I definitely have the chemicals in me but there’s no one in town who can run the toxicological tests to find out which ones they are. “My voice sounds like Mickey Mouse. My normal voice is low. It’s hard to breathe, especially at night. "My chest hurts so much at night I feel like I’m drowning. I cough up phlegm a lot. I lost my job because the doctor won’t release me to go to work." The residents are becoming increasingly frustrated with what they see as a lack of real help or information from the Biden administration. Mayor Trent Conway criticised Biden for heading to Ukraine last week instead of visiting the scene of the toxic train derailment, calling it "the biggest slap in the face”. This was echoed by Donald Trump in a speech at the small town on Wednesday. Locals have come together to support each other and search for answers. Leading the charge is Jami Cozza, 46, who claims her relatives are suffering from health consequences from the crash. READ MORE: Biden claims document debacle 'fundamentally different' to Trump Jason Trosky, 47, an East Palestine resident, told The New York Post: "I’ve known Jami my whole life and she is very sharp. “We’re lucky to have her. Brockovich came with her lawyer in tow. Will she help? Maybe, but she’s also trying to stay relevant. Jami will be here for us after the circus leaves town.” Since the 50-car train derailed, other residents have complained about headaches and irritated eyes, while video emerged of chickens dead in their pens. Authorities told residents to evacuate in the immediate aftermath, before carrying out a controlled burned of spilled substances, which included vinyl chloride, which has been linked with serious health risks, including cancer. Officials have since said it is safe though environmental experts and concern among residents remains. An independent analysis by Texas A & M University of Environmental Protection Agency, released on Friday, found nine pollutants at levels that could raise long-term health concerns. “I have three grandbabies,” Kathy Dyke told Associated Press after a public meeting on Wednesday not attended by railroad operator Norfolk Southern, which cited concerns for staff safety. “Are they going to grow up here in five years and have cancer?” At least five lawsuits have been filed against the firm, which announced this week that it is creating a $1 million fund to help the community. It has vowed to remove spilled contaminants from the ground and streams while monitoring air quality.