Mexican Cartel members wielding machetes can be seen in a disturbing video circulated on the internet executing five individuals from a competing gang. In a horrifying execution video akin to ISIS, five drug cartel assassins have been ruthlessly decapitated by their rivals. Social internet videos showed the individuals confessing to working with crooked cops to kidnap and extort villagers in Motozintla, Chiapas, Mexico.  According to reports by BorderlandBeat, the hitmen who were shown confessing to crimes in a video were associated with the Sinaloa Cartel, which is known as the largest drug trafficking group in Mexico, formerly led by notorious drug lord Joaquín 'El Chapo' Guzmán until his apprehension in 2016. In addition to the assassination of three businessmen in Chiapas, the men are also believed to have disclosed a local politician from the MORENA political party, which is the same party that the current President of Mexico, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, belongs to. The identity of the executioners is still unknown, although they may be affiliated with the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG) or a local group in Chiapas. These details were shared in social media posts that circulated the video. One of the prisoners admits in one of the videos: "We were apprehending citizens with the Ministerial, State and sector police. "This was done because we had an agreement with them. They were being paid every month by us. "We were abducting people from the businesses. As well as kidnapping individuals from drug spots where marijuana and cocaine were being sold. So that they would fall into formation with us. "Whoever wouldn’t align with us was disappeared. It was by this manner that the citizens of Motozintla would pay us extortion." READ MORE: Zelensky fights back tears as he makes impassioned plea to EU leaders The executioners are then shown simultaneously using machetes to attack the hostages' necks in a split second. They fully decapitate them in 26 seconds, gleefully raising the heads in the air thereafter. One grabs a head and faces the camera, saying: "This goes out to all the son of a b**** Sinaloan gunmen who try to come kill here. "The town of Motozintla already has a plaza, it has its owner you sons of b******. Get the f**k out of here you f**kers. DON'T MISS:Baby dropped off in scheme that lets parents give up new-borns [REVEALED]UFO 'interfered with sensors' on jets before being shot down [LATEST]William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source [REPORT] "The next sons of b****** who try to come through here will meet a fate worse than this." The use of gory propaganda videos by the Mexican drug gangs is nothing new. In July of last year, the CJNG was shown in a similar video chopping the heads off three opponents. Los Zetas, a cartel established by former soldiers of the US-trained Mexican Special Forces, popularised the tactic.