Amid the departure of James Corden from The Late Late Show this spring, CBS has announced that it plans to abandon the late-night talk show. Plans are to replace the CBS favourite with a game show, ending The Late Late Show franchise that has reigned the slot for almost three decades. CBS revealed last year that it planned to scrap the chat show format and replace it with a game show. Deadline revealed on Tuesday that CBS is rebooting the Comedy Central game show @midnight. @midnight is an American late-night internet-themed panel show that used to be hosted by Chris Hardwick. The series aired on Monday through to Thursday in the years 2013 to 2017 for 600 episodes on Comedy Central. And it has now been chosen for the 12:30am time slot currently occupied by The Late Late Show. READ MORE: BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc  As reported by Deadline, it's been revealed that Stephen Colbert will executively produce the new incarnation of @midnight, which comes from comedy brand Funny or Die, who is the company behind the original series on Comedy Central. Colbert is also the executive producer of a string of Comedy Central series like Tooing Out the News and Hell of a Week with Charlamagne Tha God. Meaning the @midnight reboot would give The Late Show host and executive producer, Colbert, another hour of late-night TV on CBS. Deadline has also revealed the original @midnight host, Chris Hardwick, is not expected to have any direct involvement in the reboot. A number of potential shows were considered until the field was whittled down leading to the appointment of the @midnight show. In the original, Hardwick would award points somewhat randomly to the three contestants as they played hilarious games surrounding their knowledge of the internet, social media and pop culture. It's most likely the individual games are likely to be replaced by updated competitions, Deadline reported that the show's format should be the same as it first aired on Comedy Central. One of the reasons it was believed that CBS' decision to go with a game show was in an attempt to decrease the cost of The Late Late Show's 12:30am time slot. DON'T MISS:Power Book 2 Ghost season 3 confirms return of original cast memberThe Masked Singer USA announces series 9 elimination twistMILF Manor angers TLC viewers again with 'incest twist' The network has reportedly been spending just shy of $60 million a year on the show and is now hoping of decreasing that amount to around $35 million per year. It is believed the decline in late-night talk shows has been the result of CBS losing the engagement of younger viewers, who tend to just watch clips afterwards on social media. CBS reportedly believed the revival of the internet-themed show would draw back some of those much-needed younger viewers. Corden currently plays opposite Seth Meyers with Late Night on NBC, its Tonight Show follow-up, though he is poised to be the last talk show host in the 12:30am time slot after Corden steps down.  In late April of last year, the comedian announced that he was quitting the talk show in mid-2023, and it was later revealed to be months before his contract expires in August 2023. The British actor opened up about his reasons for leaving The Late Late Show on The Drew Barrymore Show at the beginning of January this year. Corden recalled a conversation with his son, Max, who was 10 at the time, a few summers ago when he was shooting his Amazon Prime Video series Mammals. The chat show host was filming on a Sunday and Max's "face dropped" when he said he was working that day, making him realise he "cannot waste another summer" missing out on quality time with his children The Late Late Show with James Corden airs weeknights on CBS in the USA and is streaming on Sky Comedy and streaming service NOW in the UK.