Leeds United chiefs have been warned against re-appointing Marcelo Bielsa. Former Whites right-back Danny Mills says the Argentine would not be the right manager to lead the club through a relegation battle. Leeds fired Jesse Marsch on Monday after less than a year in charge. The Yorkshire-based club sit 17th in the Premier League table and haven't won since November 5. Bielsa has been linked with a potential return to Elland Road, 11 months after he was sacked. He has been out of work since but did hold talks with Everton before they appointed Sean Dyche. Mills does not think returning to the style of football Bielsa plays would be beneficial. And he is also concerned Wednesday's match at rivals Manchester United could be "disastrous" for his old team following Marsch's departure. READ MORE: Arsenal can get Mudryk revenge with star Chelsea once valued at £100m  He told talkSPORT: "Well [Bielsa's] only just got back on the plane, hasn’t he? After speaking with Everton and wanting to run their under-21s for something like £11million-a-year, and let his other coaching staff do the first team… "He might come back from Buenos Aires perhaps, just to have a quick meeting. I don’t think that would be the right appointment. ‘Bielsa-Ball’ was tremendous, it was fantastic, but it does have its flaws. "I don’t think that’s what you need to get out of a relegation battle. In fact that’s what got them into a relegation battle in the first place, it’s very, very difficult to play that type of football. "You’re down the bottom of the league because you don’t score enough goals and you’re conceding goals, simple as that. You’ve got to address one of those situations. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on Nike advertWrexham owners Reynolds and McElhenney's response after being warned they'd lose moneyChelsea 'could snap up wonderkid' as January signing continues to grab headlines  "You look at, whether you think it’s right or wrong, you look at the appointment of Dyche at Everton. You’re thinking ‘well, he’s going to stop conceding goals, he’s going to make them very, very solid’. "If Bielsa comes into Leeds, they might score one or two more goals maybe, but they didn’t do that last time towards the end of his tenure, and they’re going to concede loads. So is that going to improve them? I’m not so sure. "But, incredibly strange [decision], 48 hours to go away to United. That could be disastrous for Leeds." After visiting Old Trafford, Leeds will welcome United to Elland Road on Sunday. The managerless club only sit outside the relegation zone on goal difference.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here