Rishi Sunak told Volodymyr Zelensky that he was "inspired" by the "courage" of Ukrainian troops when he met them in the UK last week. The two leaders, who spoke this afternoon, discussed the situation in Ukraine. The Prime Minister told Mr Zelensky he is focused on ensuring the UK’s defensive military equipment reached the front line as quickly as possible, noting that Ukrainian soldiers have already begun training on Challenger 2 tanks in the UK this week.  A spokesperson for the PM said both leaders are in agreement that it is "vital" for international partners to "accelerate their assistance to Ukraine" as part of an attempt to "seize the opportunity to push Russian forces back". The two leaders are said to be in agreement that the "greatest weapon in Ukraine’s arsenal" is the "collective international unity in support of Ukraine". After meeting troops in the UK last week, Mr Sunak's spokesperson said he was "inspired by their courage and the stories of their loved ones back home". He added that they had paid tribute to President Zelensky’s "strong leadership".  The spokesperson added: "Discussing the lead up to the one year anniversary of Russia’s unprovoked invasion of Ukraine, both leaders agreed on the importance of UN partners once again demonstrating their solidarity with Ukraine." The official added that the two leaders have agreed to "stay in close touch". Mr Sunak has continued to fervently back Ukraine since taking over from Liz Truss last year, having confirmed the country will receive British tanks. The Government will ship 12 Challenger 2 tanks to the Ukrainian front, joining others from the US and Germany that officials believe could change the tide of war. The Prime Minister has also said the British people remain supportive of Ukraine's defenders. Speaking in January, he told attendees at a fundraiser held at the Royal Academy of Arts in London that the UK would stand with the country "for as long as it takes". He said: “The hearts of the British people are with the brave people of Ukraine as they fight for their freedom. "We will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.” Mr Sunak has seen his support welcomed by Ukrainian officials, who have counted the Prime Minister as a "friend" of the country. Ukrainian ambassador Vadym Prystaiko thanked him for "showing what a great friend he is of Ukraine" earlier this year. He said that Russia has continued to deliver "terrible attacks" in a "horrendous onslaught" but pledged that his people would keep fighting. He added: "We have always known who are enemies are but the good thing is we now know who are friends are and high on that list is Prime Minister Sunak and the United Kingdom.”