Lucy Alexander, who is good friends with Loose Women's Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes, spoke warmly of the married couple in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. It comes after the GB News presenter had to undergo back surgery in 2022 after having “disc problems for a year and a half” that left him in constant pain. He added that the surgery had unfortunately affected one of his legs which led to him falling down some stairs and breaking his shoulder. The former Homes Under The Hammer presenter, 52, said she visited both Ruth and Eamonn at their home during the latter's recovery. "Yeah, I was over there with them watching the football [one Saturday]. Over at the Holmes' household," Lucy explained. "He's alright. He's putting a smile on his face every day. He's getting there." The small-screen star went on to reveal that Eamonn recently gatecrashed their Christmas get together. READ MORE: Love Island star Laura Anderson announces baby news with actor She went on: "It's funny because whenever we have a girly night and we go over there - it's four of us - we all get together. "It was our Christmas do,we call it, where we all swap and give each other presents. It's always the four girls and Eamonn. "We're like, 'what are you doing in here? It's a girl's night.' He will say, 'I just want to come and say, hello.'" Eamonn has previously opened up about his health which forced him to take a break from GB News.  "So I had a leg that didn’t work, a shoulder that didn’t work and lots of other things in between," he said in January. “But here I am... I’m not better, but I am better than I was." The broadcaster has since returned to his hosting duties alongside his co-star Isabel Webster. Lucy also gushed over her pal Ruth and their decades-long friendship. DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore[LATEST]Nick Knowles hits out at measly food portions after 'too much wine'[TWITTER]Laura Hamilton sets record straight amid rumour she's back with ex[INSTAGRAM] She commented: "Ruth and I go on holiday together and we always need another holiday by the end of it. We just do not stop talking. She loves cooking and doing stuff at home. "We like making lunches and we love shopping. We love nattering. She is just like my favourite holiday partner if I'm going to go on a girly holiday." Lucy presented Homes Under The Hammer alongside Martin Roberts from its launch in 2003 until 2016, when she left the programme. At the time of her departure, the mum-of-two said she had been offered other gigs at the time and so decided to take the opportunity. She has since shared she would be open to returning to Homes Under The Hammer. "I would never say no to that," Lucy commented. "Because it's my baby, it's my passion." She continued: "I would never say no to returning. I've done so many other shows since Homes Under The Hammer. I'd moved on. "I've done three other property shows after it." Lucy added: "I didn't stop working once I'd left and it was brilliant to do other things."