Georgie Mitchell is a professional wedding planner who is also the co-host of the podcast Unfiltered Bride, where she gives out advice on how to plan the perfect wedding as well as retells shocking bridal stories. In the latest episode, Georgie relayed the story of when a bride considered calling off her wedding after discovering the groom in the bathroom with his mother.    Georgie recalled a story and said she was initially told the tale by a make-up artist ‘Jenny’ who was working at the wedding. The podcasters gave Jenny a fake name to protect her identity. Georgie explained that Jenny had just finished doing the bride’s makeup and hair for the wedding and the bride decided to go to the bathroom Georgie said: “[The bride] walked into the toilet and what she saw is enough to end a wedding.” READ MORE: Bride and groom miss their own wedding reception after getting stuck The podcast’s other co-host Beth, who runs the event-planning business Etiquette Events, guessed what had happened. She assumed that the groom has been cheating on the bride or had been doing drugs. However, Georgie said that the actual story was “much worse”. To Beth’s horror, Georgie explained: “He was being breastfed by his mum.” Beth expressed shock, and yelled: “Sorry, What?!” and then added: “Why would you marry a man [who still breastfeeds]?” Georgie replied: “'I don't think she knew that was what was happening!” DON'T MISS:Bride has 'dream wedding' for just £491 after bagging bargains [INSIGHT]Meghan remains ‘world's favourite’ royal bride despite Harry's book [REVEAL]Princess Sofia was a controversial bride - but looked ethereal in gown [REPORT] The pair speculated on how a mother with grown children would be able to produce milk and began laughing. Georgie concluded that the mother had “obviously been doing it continuously to get to that point.” Despite the shocking turn of events, Georgie confirmed that the bride had indeed gone ahead and still married the groom. Georgie added: "Everybody is in the room waiting! But you definitely wouldn't kiss when they say will you kiss the groom!"  The shocking story went viral on TikTok and has gotten over 730,000 views. In the comment section, one horrified commentator reacted to the story and said: “The strongest man could not lift my jaw right now.” Somebody else said: “Omg I didn't know what to expect but that was not even a fleeting thought!!” while another scandalised commentator wrote: ”I just can't!! This is SHOCKING! What position was he in with his mum? All cuddled up on the toilet?" Another stunned user wrote:” “[He] took ‘mummy’s boy’ to a whole new level” while another person said: “The way I was like ‘nothing could be worse than him cheating…’ Yup that’s worse. I’d be a runaway bride so damn fast.”  