You is returning to Netflix with a brand new season and Penn Badgley takes on a new persona. This time he is working as a university professor in London, known as Jonathan Moore. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the series returns. The last time fans saw Joe, he had just killed his deranged partner Love Quinn (Victoria Pedretti) in a shocking twist. After leaving behind his baby son in the care of neighbours, he flees America in a bid to follow his latest obsession, Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle). He finds himself in London and a new distraction presents itself, with the new season full of shocking twists. Season four is split into two parts, with five episodes in each half of the season. READ MORE: Charlotte Ritchie pays tribute to YOU’s ‘lovely’ Penn Badgley The first five episodes will arrive at the same time on February 9, with viewers in the US having access from midnight. For those watching in the UK, they will have to wait until 8am for the new episodes to arrive. Thankfully a release date has also been set for the second batch of episodes, March 9. This means viewers will have to wait a month to find out how the drama comes to a head. Season four welcomes a whole host of new faces including Call the Midwife and Ghosts star, Charlotte Ritchie. She paid tribute to Joe star Penn, telling Radio Times: "He’s very thoughtful and very funny. "It was really nice to let off steam by laughing about something stupid because the show can be quite heavy. "We had lots of interesting conversations. I’ve noticed many people say he thinks a lot and is interested in lots of things." DON'T MISS... You season 4 trailer hints Joe’s secrets exposedYou season 4 release date teaser sparks outrage from fansYOU season 4 trailer leaves fans in meltdown as big UK name joins cast The series also introduces Ed Speleers as Rhys, and he also paid tribute to the Joe star. He told PEOPLE: "I can't speak for Penn himself, but I absolutely loved working with him from start to finish. "I feel that we got on very well. We were a similar age. We're both dads. We connected a lot over that and music and football. "And I feel that we pushed each other and we respected each other." Season four will see Joe, or Jonathan as he is now known, get introduced to a new social group. Mingling with the elite is not something he is used to and it appears to set him on edge for the first time. The synopsis reads: "After being spurned by his latest love, serial killer and stalker Joe Goldberg hides out in jolly old England under the fake name Jonathan Moore. "The new installment of Netflix's hit drama will follow Joe's murderous ways as he roams the streets of London and falls for the latest object of his obsession."  You season 4 airs on Netflix from February 9