Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) was left deflated when she realised Justin (Andrew Still) had found her number on top of a parcel she was having delivered. Since then, the phone calls and texts have been relentless, resulting in Daisy switching off her phone and stepping back from her social influencing. However, official Coronation Street spoilers see Justin take his actions to the next level leaving Daisy at risk more than ever. In upcoming scenes, Daisy meets her mum Christina for lunch where she introduces her new boyfriend. However, Daisy is left horrified to find Justin walking in with her mother and sitting across from her at the table. Worried Justin may have found out the date of her wedding through her mum, she calls the venue to reschedule. Daisy faces yet another blow when the boutique calls the pub and tells Daisy they have received a call from Justin accusing her of assault. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis They explain they are no longer prepared to lend her a dress for the big day as the publicity could damage their reputation as a business, leaving Daisy gutted. Daisy explains the situation to Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard), but when he makes light of it, she becomes furious and storms off. Back at No.1, the doorbell is rung and when Daisy checks her app she is shocked to see it's Justin. Daisy orders him to clear off but when she returns to the living room, she’s shocked to find Justin standing there having got in the back door. After handling the situation, Daisy switches on her phone and is left pleasantly surprised when there are no messages from Justin. The day soon arrives of the Stalking Protection Order hearing and Daisy psyches herself up for the big day ahead. Dee-Dee Bailey (Channique Sterling-Brown) addresses the court and points out to the Judge that Justin has failed to attend, before Daisy delivers her statement, describing how Justin has made her life a misery. Suddenly the door to the court opens and Justin enters, leaving Daisy on edge once again. DON'T MISS...Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series [INSIGHT]Countryfile confirms death of guest after heartwarming moment [LATEST]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [WATCH] Justin tells the court there seems to be some misunderstanding and he made friends with Daisy, and he’s not a stalker. Has Justin pulled the wool over everyone's eyes meaning Daisy will not get the SPO? Will Daisy be able to provide enough evidence against Justin to finally get someone to listen and give her peace of mind? Charlotte Jordan recently opened up about the harrowing storyline and touched on the impact it has on her relationship with Daniel and the danger Daisy is in. She told Express.co.uk and other press: "She starts to snap and get really fragile and he [Daniel] has to be the one to navigate that and help her through it. "She is just looking over her shoulder constantly, she never knows when he is going to appear because he is totally delusional. "[He] believes they are in this loving relationship and somehow Daniel is an obstacle for them and she doesn't know how far that delusion is going to go. "She doesn't know how dangerous that then makes him in the long run and she doesn't know what will tip him over the edge but it is just a really scary and sad situation for her to be in. She feels totally isolated and feeling totally helpless." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.