Most will have at least one pair of off-white stained socks lurking in their sock drawer. What starts off as a fresh, dazzlingly white pair of socks inevitably ends up losing its sparkle. While many typically opt to use bleach to whiten items of clothing and remove stains, it can often cause damage. Instead, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared an “effective” natural stain remover that also helps to whiten socks, after one woman was struggling to clean her son’s dirty white socks. Diane Chinea Larner wrote: “My boys’ white socks (about 12 pairs) have come back filthy. How can I make the soles white again without affecting the coloured parts at the top?” Socks are worn every day and so can become worn out very quickly. Over time they can become increasingly stained, which can be hard to remove. To whiten and remove those stains, cleaning enthusiasts have suggested Diane use soda crystals. Sharon Stoddart advised: “Soak in soda crystals solution overnight then the next day wash as normal.” READ MORE: ‘Best cure’ to eliminate ‘sour smells’ from laundry - ‘works miracles’ Kim Urch recommended: “Soak in soda crystals overnight then put on a wash cycle in the morning. My daughter's white socks are always filthy and this always brings my daughter’s socks back white.” Sarah Cook wrote: “I use soda crystals in the sink before washing them, so effective. I also sometimes add a scoop of whitening washing powder if needed.” Janice Merritt suggested: “Soak in hot water with soda crystals for a while. Then scrub the dirty stubborn parts with a nail brush. Then rinse. Will be good as new.” Lynda Webster said: “Soak in a bucket of warm water, add half a scoop of soda crystals, leave overnight and then wash as normal.” DON'T MISSHeating specialist shares how to avoid £300 log burner fine [INSIGHT]5 things to plant in containers now for ‘beautiful’ lasting blooms [EXPERT]5 common flowers that are a ‘definite no-no’ - ‘highly toxic’ to pets [COMMENT] Tracey Mackie wrote: “I have washed socks with coloured bits on 90 before and it hasn't run but up to you. I'd also put soda crystals in the wash too. That works well on whites. I use it on my kids’ school socks which often get very dirty and they came up white.” Soda crystals have been used to clean clothes for several years and can help to remove stains. This is best done before adding the clothes into the machine for their normal wash. Soak the clothes in a sink or bucket filled with hot water and a cup of soda crystals for at least an hour before running them through a cycle in the washing machine. For those who add a tablespoon of soda crystals to their normal amount of washing detergent, the crystals will boost the effectiveness of the cleaning product. The clothes should come out of the machine stain-free, as well as softer and brighter. READ MORE: Appliance to prevent mould and condensation forming ‘all year’ Soda crystals are also known for their handy ability to soften water. For those who live in an area known for hard water, adding soda crystals to the wash in addition to laundry detergent will help the detergent work more efficiently. This happens because the detergent will no longer have to soften the water itself and so the full impact of the product can go towards actually cleaning your clothes. Soda crystals can be purchased from stores such as Wilko for £1.50 and at Sainsbury’s for £1.70. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested soaking the socks in baking soda and white vinegar instead. Fiona Wilson said: “I would soak the socks in baking soda and white vinegar, that’s what I do with all my stained whites.” Anne Phillips wrote: “Soak in water, baking soda and vinegar, then wash as normal.” To whiten and remove stains from socks with baking soda, soak them in a tub of warm water mixed with baking soda. Leave them for a few hours before washing them in the laundry with regular detergent mixed with a little more baking soda. As baking soda will harden the fabric, add a cup of white vinegar to keep the socks soft while rinsing.