Joe Biden is "mentally fit" to serve as US President but one health issue remains a problem, a White House physician has revealed. The 46th POTUS took part in a physical examination on Thursday which included removing a lesion from his chest and declaring him free of long-Covid exemptions.  The exam was watched closely by political strategists as Biden is expected to launch his re-election campaign. Biden told NBC News: "Everything really went well... Thank God for small favours." The examination took place during a three-hour session with doctors at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. Kevin O'Connor, a White House physician, released a summary of the 80-year-old's health exam. JUST IN: Joe Biden tipped for new three-word slogan after State of Union address, says Democrat   The summary claimed Biden takes the statin Crestor to keep his cholesterol levels low, an anti-coagulant in response to atrial fibrillation that remains asymptomatic and medication to treaty seasonal allergies and acid reflux. O'Connor also said several small skin growths were removed from Biden's face and "one small lesion on the President's chest was excised today and sent for traditional biopsy". The summary made no mention of whether Biden underwent any cognitive tests. More than 50 Republicans previously called for Biden to take a cognitive test in July 2022 amid concerns about his age and recent blunders. READ MORE: Trump 'not pulling punches' after Biden's State of Union as he plots 'greatest comeback'  However, Biden's back stiffness remains due to significant spinal arthritis. O'Connor said: "The President's gait remains stiff but has not worsened since last year." But Biden still works out five times a week, does not drink alcohol or smoke tobacco. Despite the result of his medical examination, Biden's age remains a concern for a majority of America voters. DON'T MISS A Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted between February 6 and February 13 found that around three-quarters of Americans, including more than half of Democrats, believe Biden is too old for Government. Addressing concerns about Biden's age, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters: "This is a President that works day in and day out, you know, in a gruelling fashion with a gruelling schedule, and delivers." 