The 12-year anniversary of the first episode of HBO’s Game of Thrones series is fast approaching as the wildly popular show first aired on 17 April 2011 and concluded after eight seasons back in May 2019.    With its epic fantasy storylines and thrilling dragon action, Thrones is known for its ethereal and visually astounding locations as various dynasties fought for control of the seven kingdoms. While much of the filming was done in studios in Belfast and on location in Northern Ireland, several other locations were used during the eight seasons, including Croatia, Iceland and Morocco. Morocco has long been a popular destination for filmmakers due to its sun-drenched and varied landscapes, cultural heritage, and historic walled medinas. From the high peaks of the Atlas Mountains to the undulating sand dunes of the Sahara Desert and historic spice and textile souks, Morocco offers an impressive range of terrains that are perfect for creating fantastical worlds on screen. This landscape diversity has made Morocco a popular location for filming everything from action movies, historical dramas and fantasy shows. With its unique architecture and expansive desert, Morocco was the perfect destination to shoot some of Daenerys Targaryen's more iconic Essos scenes and slave-freeing escapades from season three – including her liberation of slaver city Yunkai, and her arrival in Astapor. Ready for a Seven Kingdoms adventure in North Africa? Here are some of the Game of Thrones locations you can visit in Morocco. Ait Benhaddou is a historic fortified village located in the foothills of the Atlas Mountains and is around 32 km from Ouarzazate. Located along the former caravan route between the Sahara and Marrakesh in Morocco, the village is considered a fantastic example of Moroccan earthen clay architecture and has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1987. Situated on a hilltop overlooking a valley, Ait Benhaddou has distinctive mud-brick buildings, maze-like streets, markets and unique architectural features that give it a film location feel as soon as you set eyes on it. This otherworldly location has been used as a backdrop for several films and TV shows, including Gladiator, Lawrence of Arabia, and Babel. In Game of Thrones season three, it was used as the location for the city of Yunkai, one of the cities of Slaver's Bay that Daenerys Targaryen conquers during her journey to reclaim the Iron Throne. Some of the scenes shot here include the Battle of Yunkai when the commander of the Unsullied Grey Worm captures the slaver city for Daenerys along with Daario and Jorah. It’s also the setting for the season 3 finale ‘Mhysa’, where slave-freeing Daenerys is welcomed by the liberated Yunkish slaves and is lifted up by them as they chant “Mhysa”(mother). Visitors to Ait Benhaddou can take a guided tour of the village and explore its narrow, winding streets and high mud walls and see where scenes from Thrones were shot. The mud brick village is also home to several kasbahs, or traditional Berber houses, which have been carefully preserved and are now open to the public. You can also take a walk along the long ramparts of the village and enjoy panoramic views of the surrounding desert landscape. How to get there: You can take a guided Day Tour from Marrakech, or if you want a longer trip, many three-day Sahara Desert tours, or Morocco group tours like this one from Intrepid Travel, include Ait Benhaddou as a stop.     The coastal city of Essaouira is perched on the blustery Atlantic coast and features an active fishing port and a UNESCO World Heritage site medina. The city is famous for its chilled vibes, along with its ramparts, historic port, and colourful markets. Essaouira was used as the location for the city of Astapor in Game of Thrones, another of the cities of Slaver's Bay that Daenerys successfully conquers. Astapor is home to the Unsullied, the elite warrior-eunuchs who join Daenerys after she sacks the city, tells them to kill their masters and subsequently asks them to fight for her as free men. Several key Astapor scenes for season 3 were shot around the distinctive city walls and the port that’s packed with bright blue boats. In episode one of season 3, Daenerys’ ship arrives at Astapor after leaving Qarth and she is given a tour of the Unsullied barracks by the Unsullied's owner, Kraznys mo Nakloz. To walk in Khaleesi’s footsteps, head to the ramparts of the 18th-century Skala de la Ville and you’ll find the arch that she walks through when she first enters Astapor and meets the Unsullied army and Missandei – who would become her closest advisor. You can also find the large circular port hole featured in one of the external location shots. The harbour also had a starring role and was also featured in Episode 1 of Season 3 when Daenerys is almost assassinated on her way to meet Barristan Selmy, the former Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. Visitors to Essaouira can explore the city's winding streets that are filled with restaurants, artisan workshops and street vendors hawking everything from vibrant spices and textiles, to jewellery and local souvenirs. How to get there: You can visit Essaouira on a full-day trip from Marrakech, or you can book a hotel in Essaouira and stay for a few days. You can reach Essaouira by bus or you can book a private transfer.  Ouarzazate is a city located in the south of Morocco that features unique desert landscapes, and ancient kasbahs. Known as the "Gateway to the Desert”, the city began life as a small Berber settlement in the 1920s but has flourished to become a centre of trade, film and tourism over the decades. It’s now home to one of the largest film production centres in the world – the Atlas Studios, that’s full of sets, props and production materials. Around 200 major films and television shows have been filmed at the 322,000 square-foot studios, including Gladiator, Ben Hur, The Passion of the Christ and The Mummy and you can tour several of these sets with a guide when filming is not taking place. Several important scenes from Game of Thrones season 3 were filmed in Ouarzazate and the Atlas Studios – which acted as the location for the city of Pentos, the birthplace of Daenerys Targaryen. The exterior of the city of Meereen was also shot in the Atlas Studios, using a combination of practical and digital effects to bring the fantasy city to life. Daenerys’ journey through the desert and her scenes in the city of Astapor were filmed in and around Ouarzazate and scenes featuring the city of Yunkai were also shot in the vicinity of Ouarzazate. Additionally, The Atlas Studios were used extensively to create the interiors of several Thrones sets, including the city of Astapor, the slave auction scenes, and the throne room of the city of Yunkai. How to get there You can visit Atlas Studios and Ait Ben Haddou on a day trip from Marrakech, or there several of the 3 day Desert safari tours also include a visit to the Atlas Studio 