The Star Wars universe is set to expand even further with new Disney+ spin-offs Ahsoka and Skeleton Crew bound for release later this year. Before fans get to know some new characters, however, Din Djarin’s (played by Pedro Pascal) mission to protect his young companion Grogu continues next week, and Jon Favreau has confirmed The Mandalorian has no plans of slowing down. Favreau has confirmed a fourth season of The Mandalorian is already in the works. Disney+’s hit sci-fi drama follows a bounty hunter in the Star Wars universe, who goes on the run when he meets a force-sensitive child from the same mysterious species as Yoda. Season three will premiere next Wednesday, and the showrunner has recently revealed he already knows what happens in the next instalment. During his interview on This Morning, Phillip Schofield confirmed: “You get to colour in other bits that we haven’t seen before.” READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence “In a way we haven’t seen before. And you’ve already written season…” “The next season, yeah,” Favreau chimed in. “We have to prepare a lot for these visual effects.” The Mandalorian has been one of Disney’s biggest undertakings yet after LucasFilm was purchased in a massive multi-billion dollar deal in 2012. After the release of a new Skywalker trilogy, the spirit of Star Wars lives on in multiple streaming series, which continue the tradition of practical effects and huge sets in conjunction with plenty of CGI creatures and space battles. “We write everything,” Favreau continued. “And fortunately we’ve adapted the model [the UK] has been doing for a while, which is fewer episodes of shows. “In the States it used to be that you'd do 22-23 episodes and you’d be lucky if you had a couple scripts ahead. “But the idea of having a more close-ended, thoughtful presentation in the television medium allows us to write the scripts as you would a film. “[We] prepare heavily, and that way we ensure quality.” DON'T MISS:The Last of Us fans demand ‘fix’ as production blunders exposed [BACKLASH]Virgin River’s Martin Henderson spotted in adorable first role [VIDEO]1000lb Best Friends’ Vannessa celebrates milestone after 200lb loss [LATEST] Disney’s approach has clearly paid off, as The Mandalorian has been just as well received, if not more so, than the studio’s new batch of feature films. Season three is expected to bring Mando face-to-face with his nemesis Moff Gideon (Giancarlo Esposito) again, after taking control of the legendary Darksaber. Details for the next season are being kept a closely-guarded secret as it’s still unknown how Din and Grogu’s next adventure will conclude. This time around, fans can expect to find out more about the hero’s story before meeting his companion as he and other Mandalorian warriors will return to their home planet. At the show’s recent launch in London, Favreau teased: “As you can see from the materials that are out, there are a lot of Mandalorians. “We’re going to dig deeper into Mandalorian culture, and we’re going to find out if the reunited Grogu and Din Djarin can revisit the homeworld of Mandalore, even though it’s in ruins, and see if he can find redemption there.” Disney+’s most popular Star Wars series has been missing from screens for nearly two years, so the third season premiere is expected to be one of the biggest TV events of the year when it finally surfaces next week. The Mandalorian season 3 premieres Wednesday, March 1 on Disney+.