Vera will be airing this evening (February 19) on ITV1 at 8pm with another feature-length instalment to keep viewers gripped. Titled The Darkest Evening, the episode will be delving deep into Vera Stanhope’s (played by Brenda Blethyn) past and her family. The sleuth will be forced to seek shelter in her ancestral home of Brockburn House, where she encounters various family members while trying to solve a case. ITV has yet to confirm another series of Vera, so at the moment there isn’t one. But this is likely to change given the longevity and continued popularity of Vera which is now into its 12th series. Before then, there’s still another feature-length episode of Vera still from series 12 which is yet to air. ITV has yet to confirm an airdate for the episode but this outing will conclude series 12 of Vera. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage If series 13 of Vera gets the green light, it’s likely the new run of episodes could be airing in 2024, depending on when filming takes place. Additionally, there are likely to be another four feature-length episodes given the majority of Vera seasons are this long. But the release date could even be 2025 depending on if and when ITV gives the show the go-ahead and filming can take place. As always, there will be more standalone cases with guest cast members joining for each instalment. National treasure Blethyn will be reprising her role as the titular detective, whose steadfast attitude and determination help her to crack cases. Also, likely to be back in the frame are Kenny Doughty as Vera’s right-hand man DS Aiden Healy and Ibinabo Jack as DC Jacqueline Williams. Veteran cast member Jon Morrison will be reprising his role as DC Kenny Lockhart and Riley Jones as DC Mark Edwards. While Steve Evets is going to be playing PC George Wooten and Sarah Kameela Impey will be taking on the part of Dr. Paula Bennett, the newest member of the team. Addressing the future of Vera, Blethyn said: “Every time we finish a series I say I’m not going to be doing any more. But then I change my mind. “Usually it means six months away from home in Kent for me and in 2022 it was the best part of 10 months. “My dog Jack can’t be with me in the North East for all of that time. He’s all right after I’ve been away for a little while. “But if I happen to manage to come home for a few days in between filming Vera episodes he goes mad and then my husband has a merry time of it when I go away again with the dog wondering where I am.” DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt sparks uproar as BBC fans blast 'biased' interview [VIEWER REACTION]Death in Paradise episode 7 will welcome back series 12 guest stars [INSIGHT]Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore [VIDEO] Blethyn went on to say: “So when we finish filming, as we just have, I always say, ‘I really don’t think I can do this anymore.’ But then I have a rest and get my appetite back again and change my mind. “I suddenly might get a bright idea about what to do with Vera and suggest who might be cast in it. “The emotional feeling also comes in - thinking of all of the other people who are still there who do want to do more. And Ann Cleeves is currently writing her 11th Vera novel. “So that hasn’t been dealt with on screen yet and you feel like you’d be letting her down. All of that goes on. “Never say never. Things happen, circumstances change. Enthusiasm and opinions change. So watch this space.” Vera airs on ITV1 tonight at 8pm