Simon Jordan does not think Manchester City will get kicked out of the Premier League after being charged with numerous alleged breaches of financial rules. The former Crystal Palace chairman can only see a points deduction for the reigning champions. The Premier League released a statement on Monday that City had been charged following alleged breaches between the 2009/10 and 2017/18 seasons. City posted their own statement later in the afternoon expressing their surprise at the news. The issue has been referred to an independent commission and City nervously await the outcome. There have been reports that the Etihad club could be relegated out of the English top flight if found guilty. But Jordan strongly doubts that will be the case. He does not think the Premier League would be strong enough to come to that conclusion. READ MORE: Man City could drop four divisions if Premier League expel Guardiola's side  However, he says a points deduction would be likely if a guilty verdict is reached. Jordan said on talkSPORT: "Well I don't think that will happen. "My view is that I don't think they will get booted out of the Premier League.  I don't think the Premier League will have... their b***s won't be that big. "But they will be if they find them guilty, which I have my views on, that they will certainly give them points deductions. But I don't think they will boot them out of the league." Jordan was speaking on Tuesday morning, around 24 hours after he initially suggested that City should be kicked out of the league. Speaking on Monday, he said: "I would like to think if they're guilty of the things that they've been charged with, they get the ultimate consequences. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertWrexham owners' response after being warned they'd lose moneyChelsea 'could snap up wonderkid' as January signing continues to grab headlines  "That means points, that means the consideration of what division they play in, it means the whole rubicon being crossed and saying 'we either mean it, or we don't'." Jordan has moved to refute the claim that nine Premier League clubs wanted City to be removed from the Premier League. He instead claims the nine teams in question just wanted the sanctions to be handed out quicker. He added on Tuesday: "This argument is being advanced that nine clubs in the Premier League wanted them booted out - that is not true. Nine clubs in the Premier League wrote to the Premier League and to UEFA: 'Please do not allow them to continue delaying, if you're going to force a sanction on these people, sanction them'. "That's what the nine Premier League clubs did and that's fair by the way."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here