After leaving his regular This Morning stint with wife Ruth Langsford, Eamonn Holmes hasn’t held back with sharing his thoughts on ITV after moving across to GB News. Recently, the presenter revealed former Loose Women star Saira Khan will be joining him twice a week after her departure from the panellist show, Loose Women. Since 2022, the 63-year-old has been a regular face on GB News with his co-host Isabel Webster.Although, it looks as though viewers will be seeing the star joined by another familiar face.Taking to his official Instagram, Eamonn shared a snap of himself and Saira Khan as he told his followers about the latest addition to his GB News show.Alongside the duo standing side by side, he wrote: “Your Mon/Tues line up on GB Breakfast. READ MORE:Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star “Looking forward to hooking up with one of my best friends Saira Khan.“We will be your presenting duo. Expect the unexpected 6 - 9.30 am.” (sic)Eamonn and his wife Ruth Langsford were part of the daytime show This Morning for 15 years before they were replaced by the broadcaster in 2020.During his show, the GB News star has made savage comments some of his former co-stars, confessing there were certain people who were “dead” to him. It looks as though Eamonn isn’t the only star who has strong opinions on the broadcaster as Saira spoke about the final incident that resulted in her leaving the Loose Women panel.The 52-year-old left the show at the start of 2021 and recently claimed show bosses urged her to join the adult site OnlyFans as ratings were slipping.As part of the Body Stories campaign, Saira confessed she was asked to have a mould made of her vagina as the former panellist claimed the bosses cared more about ratings than her mental health.Speaking about the young producer that asked her to join the site, she claimed: “To say I was shocked was an understatement. DON'T MISS...Call The Midwife fans fume over delay as character's life in balance [REACTION]Dancing on Ice's Mollie Gallagher on ‘hardest part’ of ITV show [INSIGHT]Coronation Street: Max Turner turns his back on David after sentencing [SPOILER] “I could see she herself was mortified to ask me. I replied, ‘You’re asking an Asian woman who has a husband and kids and comes from a Muslim family to open an OnlyFans account?’”The producer responded that as Saira had been sharing images of herself on social media in her underwear, bosses thought she could go undercover on the site to see men’s responses for a story in their show.Saira revealed it was then that she knew her time on the show was over as she admitted to having mixed emotions.She continued: “I felt humiliated, angry, disappointed and like fodder. “The system is toxic. They do not have people who have the expertise to introduce wellbeing and mental health care.”“I love TV presenting, but I knew that for the sake of my mental health and my family, I just could not carry on in such toxic working conditions.”The mum-of-two stated ITV didn’t sit down with her to ensure she felt ok and claimed the channel wanted her to tick the box of a “gobby Muslim woman.”However, a spokesperson for Loose Women at the time denied her allegations.They said: “We strongly refute all of these claims. Duty of care is of paramount importance for all of our panellists. Saira left the panel almost two years ago and we wish her well.”Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel continues weekdays on GB News from 6am