Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are "unusually quiet" and may be planning a "huge coup" by attending King Charles' Coronation, a commentator has claimed. Nile Gardiner, a US-based policy expert who previously worked for Margaret Thatcher, took to Twitter to comment about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's recent quietness.  He claimed "Harry and Meghan have been unusually quiet in recent days", suggesting they may "fear they will not be invited to the Coronation". "Attending the Coronation would be a huge coup for them after their destructive campaign and they would seek to be centre of attention at the event," Gardiner opined. The Sussexes' silence comes just weeks after Prince Harry sat down for several TV interviews to promote his memoir Spare. The book, released on January 10, made numerous personal comments about Prince Harry and his relationship with other members of the Royal Family. JUST IN: Eagle-eyed royal fans spot uncanny likeness of Princess Eugenie's son to other young royal However, it remains to be seen whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will attend King Charles' Coronation. Reports have indicated the 74-year-old monarch wants his younger son to join the Firm for the celebratory weekend. A royal expert suggested negotiations between Buckingham Palace and Sussexes in Montecito were ongoing. Speaking to Royalty TV's The Royal Beat, Hello magazine’s royal editor Emily Nash claimed a decision has not been made yet. She also admitted she would be surprised if the Sussexes join the Royal Family for the Buckingham Palace balcony appearance. Nash said: "I would be surprised. If we are sticking to working Royals then it would raise questions. "But we know the King is very conciliatory and he wants to make peace, and I’m sure that these negotiations are probably ongoing as we speak." DON'T MISS:University students barricade themselves into buildings in rent row [LATEST]50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream [REVEAL]Fern Britton pines for former family life as she yearns to go back [CELEB] Harry was asked if he was going to attend the Coronation during a recent TV interview. The Duke said: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. "There's a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it." Express.co.uk has approached the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for comment. 