Christian Atsu’s team-mates have reportedly visited him in hospital after he was pulled from the rubble of a building in the aftermath of the earthquakes in Turkey. The ex-Chelsea and Newcastle winger was caught up in the disaster just hours after scoring the winning goal in Hatayspor's 1-0 league victory against Kasimpasa on Sunday and his condition is currently unknown. On Tuesday morning, Hatayspor vice-president Mustafa Ozat told Turkish radio: “Christian Atsu was removed from the wreckage with injuries. Unfortunately, our sporting director Taner Savut is still under the rubble. Hatay was deeply affected. We are coming towards the end of the most dangerous hours.” According to beIN Sports, Atsu is continuing to receive treatment in Hatay. But there is no news about Savut. Atsu moved to Hatayspor last September following a season at Saudi Arabian club Al-Raed. He has gone on to appear for the Turkish team four times, with his match-winning effort on Sunday marking his first goal for the club. READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    During the early stages of his career, Atsu helped Porto win the Portuguese title in 2013, before moving to England after securing a transfer to Chelsea. The Ghana international had temporary spells with Everton and Bournemouth during his time at Stamford Bridge and headed to Newcastle on loan in 2016. The 31-year-old starred for the north east giants during his maiden campaign at St James’ Park and helped them win the Championship title in 2017 as he bagged five goals and three assists in 32 appearances in the second tier. He then made his move to Newcastle permanent and went on to feature 121 times for the club during a five-year spell before linking up with Al-Raed. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning     More than 6,300 people have now died following two earthquakes and aftershocks that caused widespread destruction in parts of south eastern Turkey and northern Syria. The earthquakes are some of the most powerful to hit the region in at least a century, with the World Health Organisation warning that the death toll could surpass 20,000. There is a huge rescue operation currently taking place in the region, with some locals even moving rubble by hand. On Tuesday morning, the Ghana Football Association tweeted: “We've received some positive news that Christian Atsu has been successfully rescued from the rubble of the collapsed building and is receiving treatment. Let’s continue to pray for Christian.” And a day earlier, Newcastle said they were “praying for some positive news.” 