With several relationships on the rocks following the events of Casa Amor and Islanders reeling from part one of movie night there are three clear favourite couples to win this season. Will Young and Jessie Wynter, Ron Hall and Lana Jenkins, and Samie Eleshi and Tom Clare are all tipped to potentially take the title of Love Island champions 2023. As they brace themselves for part two of movie night, psychic Emily Thornton took a look at the astrological compatibility of the couples and it looks like it could be all over for Samie and Tom. Farmer Will and Jessie Wynter are currently the bookie’s favourites to win this season's winter Love Island but Jessie has struggle to move on from his betrayal while in Casa Amor. He confessed to kissing Layla Al-Momani and once she found out, Jessie refused to speak to Will. According to Emily: “Virgos and Libras are very compatible and can build a lasting and loving relationship together. “Earthy Will, will be most at home on the farm and adore Jessie’s flirty Libran nature. Libra’s are known for their glamour so she needs to be willing to get her hands dirty. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence “Jessie will need to be willing to don her wellies in order to have a future with Will. Virgo and Libra are known people pleasers, so as long as they’re able to be open and honest with each other then they can go the distance.” Meanwhile, Lana and Ron have had a turbulent time on the island but they remained loyal to each other throughout Casa Amor. This week they titillated viewers who are convinced they had sex during their visit to the hideaway. This wouldn’t be surprising as apparently Leos and Scorpios are typically very sexually compatible. “A Leo and Scorpio combination is an intense pairing, yet they can be a true power couple. Leos love the limelight whereas Scorpios can be a little more private,” Emily told PsychicWorld.com. “Lana will be happy to let Ron be the star of the show, whilst Ron will be drawn to her quiet and calm energy. “It’s a beautiful combination when both parties can find the balance. “Yet, they must be committed to understanding each other needs and listen carefully in order to succeed in their relationship. DON'T MISS...Love Island viewers left 'click baited' with iconic Movie Night [LATEST]Love Islander Kai Issues a stern warning as movie night returns [REACTION]Love Island contestants shut away as filming thrown into chaos [UPDATE] “Scorpio Lana will crave deep connection which Leo Ron can give her if he can let go of his pride.” However, things don't look good for Tom and Samie, despite the islander penning her a poem. Apparently, Aquarius and Virgos are an unusual match, and there is typically low attraction in this astrological pairing. “A Virgo and Aquarius pairing can be a trickier combination if communication is lacking, they need to be completely clear with each other from the offset,” Emily revealed. “Aquarius Samie may be a difficult nut to crack, and it has become apparent that she doesn’t let her guard down for just anyone. However, Virgo Tom will know exactly how to get to her heart - humour! “It is a witty combination and there will be plenty of laughs. However, their pairing is rational and they are unlikely to let their emotions run away with them.” Tonight, the pair will question their relationship when more of Tom's antics during Casa Amor come to light. Love Island is on ITV2 at 9pm nightly.