Toto Wolff and Max Verstappen both expressed their views on the last series of Netflix's Drive to Survive. The program is a documentary series produced in a collaboration between the giant streaming platform and F1 to give a behind-the-scenes look at the drivers and races throughout the season.  With the fifth series due to be released on March 11, on the eve of the fourth season hitting Netflix last year, the Mercedes team principal shared his concerns over how much the cameras are allowed to film. "It's scary how much we let them in," Wolff said. "You hate to see yourself in there. They create a spin to the narrative – they put scenes together that didn't happen. "I guess you'd say as an insider, 'well that's different than how it was'. But we're creating entertainment, and that is a new dimension of entertainment." The 2022 series focused on the 2021 campaign, which came to a controversial end as Max Verstappen claimed his maiden world title. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's contract situation made clearer after Mercedes statements at car launch   Wolff's words echo those of the Dutchman, who stated last year that he would not conduct any interviews for the show for similar reasons. "They faked a few rivalries which don’t really exist," he said.   Following the contentious decision by former race director Michael Masi which cost Lewis Hamilton a record eighth F1 world title, a conspiracy emerged that the 2021 season’s conclusion had been staged for the Netflix cameras. This was emphatically rejected by one of the show’s producers James Gay-Rees who told BBC Sport last March: "It's just people under enormous pressure making decisions in the moment. There's no way anybody was thinking: 'Will this play well on Netflix?' "It's a headline that everybody's jumped on, but I think it's a very subtle thing. Nobody could point to any misrepresentations or inaccuracies in the series." Another producer, Paul Martin, says the show doesn't take a view on how the season concluded, adding: “Over the four series, Drive to Survive hasn't over-editorialised anything We're not there to form opinion. We're there to tell an authentic version of what went down and how that race ended." 