Mason Mount would reportedly be more open to joining Chelsea's Premier League rivals than completing a move abroad in a move that could tarnish his legacy. The England midfielder's future is uncertain as talks over a new contract at Stamford Bridge continue to stall, potentially opening the door for a summer departure. Mount's current deal at his boyhood club, where he has played since he was six, expires at the end of next season. It would potentially leave the summer transfer window as Chelsea's final opportunity to optimise his value in the market if it becomes apparent he is heading for the exit door. According to ESPN, Mount isn't pushing to leave Chelsea, but the club could cash in on him this year if discussions continue with no success. The Blues have made little progress in persuading Mount to extend terms in west London amid his reluctance to commit to a marathon contract becoming a staple of Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital's ownership. He also wants a substantial increase in his £80,000-a-week salary, reflecting his status as an important player for club and country. JUST IN: Kevin De Bruyne shares his true thoughts on Mikel Arteta after shove  Mount will likely use Reece James as a guideline after his team-mate recently penned a contract extension worth around £ 250,000 a week. Graham Potter will view him as important in his future plans, despite the influx of midfield and attacking talent in January, as he moulds his squad. Chelsea's continued impasse over Mount's contract has prompted the sharks to circle... The report adds Liverpool, Manchester City, and Manchester United are keeping tabs on the 24-year-old's situation. DON'T MISS Graham Potter has already received clear Jose Mourinho warningPep Guardiola channels Sir Alex Ferguson as Man City beat ArsenalSaka's two-word title message to Arsenal team-mates speaks volumes All three are eyeing a big-money midfield signing this summer, though Liverpool and Man City are firmly in the race to sign Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham. And it's understood that Mount is more open to the idea of staying in England at one of Chelsea's rivals rather than playing abroad amid interest from Juventus. His stance opens the possibility for Chelsea to lose one of their headline stars to a fellow Premier League heavyweight on a free transfer in 2024. It should intensify their efforts to find a breakthrough and tie Mount down to a new deal in the coming months. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here