Lily Ebert, a Holocaust survivor, had an emotional message for King Charles III at Windsor Castle on Tuesday. During 99-year-old Lily's visit, the Holocaust survivor shared a sweet exchange with the King, with her great-grandson Dov Forman sharing her memorable words on social media. During the coronavirus pandemic, Lily was noticed when her great-grandson launched a TikTok account to share her incredible story of survival. On TikTik, Dov interviewed Lily for, what would later become, the bestselling memoir Lily's Promise: Holding On to Hope Through Auschwitz and Beyond ― A Story for All Generations. Sharing memories from the special visit, Dov told The Jewish Chronicle what their latest exchange with King was like. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'aren't invited anywhere' as Hollywood pals break away from their 'drama' He said: "I walked up with Lily. We spoke to him for quite a few minutes. Usually, it's just a very short conversation, but I shared a few words with him. "I said, this is the first time I've met you since you've been King, as we met before — which he knows. Could I please say the Jewish blessing? And he was more than happy, he kind of bowed his head, but not entirely, and listened as I said the Bracha. He turned around and said, 'I've heard that tradition a few times', adding that it was "really special". Dov accompanied his great-grandmother on her visit to Windsor Castle. After the visit, he took to twitter to share their experience, he wrote: "It was so humbling to see my incredible, 99 year old, great grandmother receive her MBE today, at Windsor Castle, from His Majesty The King". Alongside his tweet, he posted a smiling shot of himself, along with his great-grandmother and her medal. READ MORE: Kate unveils star-studded line up of celebrity champions of her campaign in new video He added: "Lily said to the King: 'I was in the hell, Auschwitz. How special it is to be here today, with The King, in the Palace!" King Charles III and Lily have known each other for years, so this wasn't Lily's first royal interaction. In 2015, the King lit candles with Lily at a Holocaust Memorial Day ceremony, and met again at the unveiling of "Seven Portraits: Surviving the Holocaust" last January. DON'T MISS During their interaction, Lily's great-grandson also added that his great-grandmother, and himself, thanked Charles for writing the foreword for her best-selling memoir. Speaking to The Jewish Chronicle, Dov added: "He [Charles] always says to me how it's so important to continue to ask my great-grandma questions about these stories."