Sam Smith has launched multiple raunchy onstage performances of their latest song 'Unholy' in the past few weeks, including a Grammys performance where they dressed up in a pair of bright red devil horns. They also performed the award-winning track at the Brits, which led to fury - and this week they were cruelly heckled on a New York street. Maintaining a dignified silence, Sam scarcely reacted as an angry woman yelled: "You sick motherf***er, Sam Smith! You're evil!" She continued: "You belong in hell...you sick f***er!" The unprompted rant comes after some claimed that Sam's performance was anti-Christian and that young people could be negatively influenced by seeing their videos. READ NOW: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce In a clip circulating on social media, Sam avoided eye contact with the heckler as they covered their features with dark sunglasses, while clutching a cup in their nail-varnished hand. However, the stranger continued to insult them, yelling at the top of her voice that Sam was a "demonic, twisted, sick b****d". The No God singer has also been accused of promoting "Satanism", although the Church of Satan itself, which has hundreds of members across the UK, claimed to have been "underwhelmed" by the show. After Sam's Grammys performance, David Harris, a magister at the Church of Satan, insisted that it was “nothing particularly special". Some traditionally religious viewers have expressed concerns that the non-binary singer could glamorise "evil" and felt offended by the glorification of "dark forces". Meanwhile, members of the LGBT community argued on Twitter that they wanted to "reclaim" satanic imagery and references, as they felt they had been used to describe them for centuries. DON'T MISS... Brooklyn Beckham mocked as he surprises wife Nicola in just a towel [VALENTINE'S DAY] Joan Collins dons bikini in Valentine's Day tribute to husband Percy [PICTURES] Chris Packham opens up on raising co-star Megan McCubbin since age two [INTERVIEW]  Sam previously said that they received a hateful reaction after coming out as non-binary in 2019. With this, Sam requests that others refer to them using "they/them" pronouns. Ever since, according to Sam's account, they have been a target for "hate" and prejudice. They told presenter Zane Lowe on Apple Music 1 that they previously endured the humiliating experience of being "spat on" on the street. "It's crazy," they exclaimed, adding: "If that's happening to me and I'm famous, I'm a pop star, can you imagine what other kids, like queer kids are feeling? "It's just so sad that we're in 2023 and it's still happening. It's exhausting." Sam also caused controversy recently when, following suggestions they had made about inclusivity, the Brit Awards opted out of gendered categories. It led to a total lack of female nominees in 2023's now gender-neutral Best Artist category, which Sam said in an interview they felt was "a shame". They told the Sunday Times that the revelation was "incredibly frustrating", as they wanted "everyone" to be celebrated equally.