Cristiano Ronaldo was caught on camera giving his reaction to Tommy Fury’s split decision victory over Jake Paul on Sunday evening. The Al Nassr star stopped by the Diriyah Arena in Riyadh just hours after his former team Manchester United lifted the Carabao Cup with a 2-0 win over Newcastle. Piers Morgan previously confirmed that Ronaldo would attend the fight with his son, Cristiano Jr, and the Portugal icon posed for a photo with Mike Tyson and then took his seat to watch ex-Love Island star Fury take on Paul. The Brit picked up the win via a split decision with scorecards of 75-74 Paul, 76-73 Fury and 76-73 Fury and is now expected to contest a rematch later this year. A fan made sure to record Ronaldo’s reaction as the scorecards were read out inside the venue. Both Fury and Paul supporters made their voices heard in their reactions to the decision but upon discovering that Fury had defeated the YouTuber, Ronaldo was unmoved. The 38-year-old remained sat in his seat with a stone-cold emotion on his face before shaking hands with the other guests in his VIP box and leaving. Fans on social media were quick to attempt to understand Ronaldo’s reaction, as @Jumowa3 asked whether the five-time Balon d’Or winner “lost a bet” while many claimed that the Portuguese striker, who scored a hat-trick on Saturday in his side’s 3-0 win away to Damac, did not care about the fight. DON'T MISS: Boxing LIVE - Fury and Paul agree on rematch, Carl Froch sceptical On Twitter, @DengramOfficial said that Ronaldo “looks like he was sitting at a poker table, no reaction at all…” While @Teddy_20 claimed that he “was just waiting to leave”. Broadcaster Morgan shared Ronaldo’s prediction for the fight in his confirmation that the former Manchester United man would be in attendance. He said: “Quick update to the end of that conversation: Cristiano Ronaldo has just told me he is going to the fight on Sunday. And he thinks it’s going to be a great fight, which many people do - so there we are.”  Whether Ronaldo would watch any potential rematch remains to be seen, but Fury left the door open after his comments in the ring. He said: "For the past two years, this is all that has consumed my life! Everybody thought I was running scared but tonight I make my own legacy! This was for you Bambi I love you! "All the way through, I had a dream and a vision that I would win this fight but now everyone can stand up and take note! I had pressure on my shoulders and I came through! "This to me is a world title fight it was my destiny, guys we did it! 100 per cent this is my first main event, I am going to get bigger and better and if he wants a rematch bring it on!"