Eddie Hearn has revealed that Jermaine Franklin’s orthodox style was the main reason behind him being chosen as Anthony Joshua’s opponent for his comeback fight. Joshua is coming off consecutive defeats to tricky southpaw Oleksandr Usyk and wasn’t keen on boxing another lefty. Joshua and Franklin will square off on April 1 at the O2 Arena in London after the American emerged as a late frontrunner to box AJ. Dillian Whyte was originally expected to take on Joshua next but that fight has since been put on the back burner and is now being touted for June. Otto Wallin, Demsey McKean and Franklin then emerged as the three names linked to the spring showdown with the latter getting the nod. “Really it came down to the style,” Hearn told the Matchroom YouTube channel when asked why Franklin was chosen. “You know, I think AJ’s coming off the back of two fights against a southpaw – the best southpaw in boxing, in Oleksandr Usyk – and wanted an orthodox fighter.” Providing all goes well against Franklin, Joshua has a three-fight plan in place for this year that includes the Whyte rematch and a blockbuster showdown with either Deontay Wilder or Tyson Fury. Given that all of those fighters are orthodox, Joshua’s training team opted against facing Wallin and McKean, who are both southpaws. “The training team really sort of looked at it and said: ‘Look, if we’re gonna go and fight [Deontay] Wilder, Dillian Whyte, Tyson Fury, there’s no point in us going back and fighting a southpaw,” Hearn added. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury 'loses to 20-year-old' in bid to buy Morecambe football club Joshua is back as Hearn announces heavyweight comeback for April 1 Usyk has suspicion about Fury and explains how he reversed roles McKean also spoke about the issue during a recent interview with Boxing Social. “It’s obviously a hard fight – a great fighter and great champion in AJ,” McKean said. “A win there could skyrocket me to a world title fight straightaway. Not to mention a career biggest payday and potential big fights after, so it’s a win-win for myself. “The only thing is it’s started to fizzle out a little bit [given] the whole southpaw thing,” he added. “The story of my life, nothing I’m not used to. He doesn’t want to fight a southpaw coming off a couple losses to a southpaw – which is devastating. “It’s quite sad these guys don’t like to fight certain fighters due to their stance. The Dillian Whyte fight – he pulled out and didn’t want to follow through with the contract due to me being a southpaw. It definitely wouldn’t be happening in the old days, mate, that’s for sure. Times have changed.”