Arsenal’s deal for Brazilian wonderkid Vitor Roque is in jeopardy as his price has rocketed while Barcelona are planning talks with his family. The Gunners are said to be in the frame to land the 17-year-old Athletico Paranaense striker following his outstanding performances at the Under 20 South American Championship. Earlier this month, it was reported that Arsenal had started ‘exploratory contacts' to find out whether a move for Roque would be possible. But according to Mundo Deportivo, his agent Andre Cury has already met with Barcelona director of football Mateu Alemany and sporting director Jordi Cruyff. Barcelona feel as though they are well-placed to complete a deal as the player is said to favour a move to the Nou Camp. And the Catalan giants are planning to send club officials to Brazil to hold talks with the teenager and his family and negotiate a move with his club. Roque helped his country win the Under 20 Championship earlier this month as he bagged six goals to finish the tournament as its joint top scorer alongside Brazil team-mate and Chelsea ace Andrey Santos. And he has been tipped to enjoy a big future in Europe. DON'T MISS: Chelsea star Azpilicueta 'went unconscious' and now in hospital     Arsenal, Barcelona, Chelsea, West Ham and Paris Saint-Germain were all interested in signing Roque before his goalscoring endeavours for his country. But Inter Milan, AC Milan, Torino and Atletico Madrid are now also keen to secure his signature. “There is already a race for Vitor Roque,” explained Athletico Paranaense president Mario Celso Petraglia recently. “We have already received calls and offers - but they have not reached what we requested.” And the European club that ultimately signs him could be forced to fork out up to £35.5million for the youngster as per Mundo Deportivo. READ MORE...Football news LIVE - Man Utd team news, Chelsea make Potter decisionChelsea shown what they're missing in painful Southampton defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful'   Roque has only been plying his trade with Athletico Paranaense since last April after they stumped up his £3.8m release clause to prise him away from Cruzeiro. He has since gone on to bag seven goals and three assists in 36 appearances for his current team. Arsenal, meanwhile, have bolstered their squad considerably since Mikel Arteta took the helm in December 2019, with the likes of Gabriel Jesus, Leandro Trossard and Jorginho joining the club this season following big-money moves for Martin Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale and Ben White in the summer of 2021. The new players have made a big impression at the Emirates Stadium and Arsenal currently lead Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table by two points after winning 17 of their 23 matches this season. 