The two had been nearing the end of Saturday's show and, following an update by weather reporter Chris Fawkes, Nina Warhurst announced she was "sorry" for Charlie Stayt. Throughout the BBC Breakfast instalment, Charlie had been putting Chris "on the spot" ahead of his forecasts and Nina felt she had to acknowledge how her co-star had been piling on the pressure. "Thank you, and I'm sorry that Charlie keeps putting you on the spot this morning, Chris," Nina stated following a weather update. "Oh, it's no problem at all - any time," Chris smiled, but the chuckling presenters didn't seem to believe his words. "He says that now," Charlie remarked. "And as soon as the camera's off, he's like..." The host mimicked Chris breathing deeply as the meteorologist covered his face and commented: "What have I done?" READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain "You set yourself up there," Nina added before thanking Chris once again. The apology came as Charlie had made a couple of remarks ahead of Chris' reporting. Earlier in the show, the presenters had chatted to guests about the difficulties farmers face in light of revelations about mental health issues associated with the profession. "The good news is that Chris is giving very detailed forecasts specifically on geographical locations around the UK," he told the guests. "So what would you like today?" he asked farmer, Becca Wilson. "What's good farming weather?" "Erm, dry!" Becca replied, adding: "The lambs are outside, so we like it dry." "Of course, there you go Chris - how about that?" Charlie teased. "We'll see what we can do," Nina added before attention turned to Chris. DON'T MISS... Rescue dog Vespa steals the show with BBC Breakfast appearance [LATEST]David Jason's Still Open All Hours 'axed' by BBC [LATEST]EastEnders' Eve Unwin terrified for Suki Panesar over Nish [SPOILER] "Is north Yorkshire nice and dry for the lambs, Chris?" she quizzed the reporter. "Yeah, I can manage that," he responded. "I think there will be a little bit of sunshine coming through the cloud in Yorkshire. "But for most of you, it's not going to be like that, it's going to be quite a gray day." Charlie had made a similar joke when introducing Chris earlier on the show as well. BBC Breakfast's usual meteorologist is Carol Kirkwood, who also shares jokes back and forth between presenters. Matt Taylor also occasionally steps in when Carol is absent. All three enjoy a close rapport with the presenters, with Naga Munchetty and Carol often called out by viewers for their jokey swipes. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.