Everton could be set to respond to their disappointment of missing out on Isco by targeting another free agent in Hoffenheim star Dennis Geiger, according to reports. The Toffees are still on the lookout for new players to add to Sean Dyche's squad as the new boss looks to steer the club away from relegation. A deal for unattached midfielder Isco looked to be on the cards when Everton offered a contract to the ex-Real Madrid playmaker until the end of the season. But the 30-year-old - released by Sevilla in January - has turned them down as he has more attractive offers elsewhere and now looks set to head to the United States to join an MLS club. That means Dyche is still looking to improve his squad but, with only a shoestring budget only available, the ex-Burnley boss has reportedly turned to Geiger to bolster his midfield. The 25-year-old is out of contract in the summer and, while the opportunity to sign the midfielder for this season has passed after the transfer deadline on January 31, a pre-contract agreement can be agreed with the player ahead of a free transfer on July 1. READ MORE: Everton 'offered Isco' on free transfer and may propose six-month deal According to German newspaper Kicker, Everton are among several teams chasing the Germany international. The Merseyside outfit could face competition from Eintracht Frankfurt, who have shown 'great interest' in the box-to-box midfielder. Frrankfurt are not the only Bundesliga club to have made an enquiry about Geiger, as the report adds 'others' have been in touch with the player's agent, while Benfica could be in the mix for a bargain deal having lost Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea. But Everton have been tracking Geiger since he burst on the scene at the age of 21. The Premier League strugglers reportedly tried to sign the midfielder four years ago but failed to lure him away from Germany. However, after 14 years with the club, it is stated that Geiger may be looking for a fresh challenge and may look outside of his home nation for the next move in his career. DON'T MISSEverton boss Sean Dyche sets record straight on Isco transfer interestEverton rejected last-minute Chelsea signing for Sean DycheEverton 'considered Ancelotti's son and six other bosses' before Dyche  Last week, Dyche made it clear that he is not panicking after the Goodison Park outfit failed to make a single signing in January, insisting players would need to improve the squad to be considered. "We've got some very, very good players. They may have lost their way but there's some very talented players here," he told reporters. "They may not have shown that but we need to remind ourselves of the good players here. We've got to polish them up a bit. "I've never been one for signing players for the sake of it and then you never see them again. They've got to affect what we're doing and they've got to be good enough to affect what we're doing, otherwise I don't see the point in it."