Footage of Aubrey Plaza accepting a SAG Award on Sunday night has gone viral, with viewers claiming the White Lotus actress mouthed an angry phrase and looked “p***** off” on stage. The 38-year-old was standing with White Lotus co-stars on stage as they received the prize for Best Ensemble in a Drama Series.    Actor Jon Gries - who plays Greg Hunt - is seen whispering something to Plaza during lead man F Murray Abraham’s acceptance speech. Onlookers have speculated that this was the reason for her lukewarm expression, with Gries possibly warning her of a wardrobe malfunction as she then moves to adjust her dress. Abraham finishes his speech with a tribute to earthquake victims in Syria and Turkey, also calling for a “prayer for peace in Ukraine and Russia”. He concludes by bellowing “Union forever” while holding up the SAG statuette - a figure holding both a mask of comedy and a mask of tragedy. This prompts applause from the audience, before Plaza is seen uttering a comment many online perceived as annoyed. Plaza’s representatives have been approached for comment. One viewer wrote on Twitter: “Did anyone notice Aubrey Plaza? She seemed REALLY pissed off… there was something real odd about her on stage with the White Lotus team. “She even exited the stage quick and alone rather than staying with the cast.” READ MORE: Two dead and 11 injured after pickup truck collides with cyclists  Another posted: "Ok soooo what is going on with Aubrey Plaza and the rest of the White Lotus cast? She looked like she haaaaated being up there and immediately ran off stage while everyone in the cast was congratulating and hugging each other." While a third claimed: “Aubrey Plaza straight up said 's**** f*****'" Abraham was joined onstage with the cast of season two, including Jennifer Coolidge, who won best actress in a drama series. DON'T MISS: Erin Brockovich rages at Ohio 'mixed messaging' [SPOTLIGHT]Comic strip Dilbert cancelled after creator's racist warning [INSIGHT]Insane moment Xmph wind blows caravan into river in US storm [VIDEO]  The HBO series beat Better Call Saul, Ozark, Severance and The Crown to take the honour. The 2023 SAG (Screen Actors Guild) Awards were held at the Fairmont Century Plaza in Los Angeles, US. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews  