The comments come as Britain celebrates the third anniversary of the withdrawal of the UK from the European Union at 23:00 on January 31, 2020. To mark the occasion, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak says Britain has taken “huge strides” in taking up the opportunities Brexit has offered and noted that it is confidently becoming an “independent nation”. In a video posted on Twitter, the former Prime Minister said: “Hi folks, do you remember the vaccine rollout that we had when we were able to vaccinate the whole population of the UK faster than virtually any other country in Europe and maybe even the world?” Mr Johnson sang the praises of companies such as AAH whose “wonderful vans that take pharmaceuticals around the country at top speed”. He continued: “But it was another reason why we were able to do that vaccination rollout so fast, and that was because we’d taken back control of our Medical Health Regulation Agency. “We were able to license that vaccine to approve it faster than any other European country and that gave us a crucial edge. “So today, on Brexit Day, as we look back at that vaccine rollout, let’s also look forward to all the other ways in which we can change our country and our economy for the better, improve the way businesses, industries are able to do things, whether it’s pharmaceuticals, financial services, genetic engineering, you name it, the opportunities are huge.” “So, let’s shrug off all this negativity and gloom mongering that I hear about Brexit. Let’s remember the opportunities that lie ahead, and the vaccine rollout proves it.” One Twitter user responded to Mr Johnson saying: “My favourite benefit is having the fastest shrinking economy in Europe. Even worse than Russia. Top work.” The IMF downgraded UK growth once again due to skyrocketing inflation and high interest rates. It predicts a contraction of 0.6 percent against the 0.3 percent growth forecasted last October. READ MORE: These socialist Tories have failed utterly on Brexit - RICHARD TICE Meanwhile, the US is predicted growth of 1.4 percent, Germany 0.1 percent, 0.7 percent in France, 0.6 percent in Italy, 1.8 percent in Japan and 1.5 percent in Canada. According to the IMF, the UK is heading for the worst economic performance of the G7 as it becomes the only nation to suffer a year of falling GDP. It added that the UK’s forecasted GDP decline reflects “tighter fiscal and monetary policies and financial conditions and still-high energy retail prices weighing on household budgets”. Even Russia which has been hit by £18billion sanctions following its invasion of Ukraine last February is expected to see modest growth this year. All of the UK’s counterparts have had to tackle inflation, the pandemic, an energy crisis, and a cost-of-living crisis, so many believe that Brexit is behind the failings of the UK economy. DON'T MISS:Monkeys disappear after zoo habitat 'intentionally compromised' (INSIGHT)Seventh Nichols cop 'relieved of duty' and three fire staff sacked (REVEAL)Hall admits she was 'stupid and desperate' amid cop sex scandal (INSIGHT) Such thought is supported by recent polls which suggest that Sunak and Johnson’s positivity surrounding Brexit contrasts with public opinion. Ipsos UK revealed on Monday that 45 percent of Brits believe that Brexit is going worse than expected, which is much higher than the 28 percent in June 2021, including just over one in four of those who voted Leave in the referendum. Meanwhile, the Ipsos research found that only nine percent think it is better than expected, less than 1 in 10 believe it was better than expected. Meanwhile in a seven-point drop, 39 percent said it was how they thought it would be.