King Charles, 74, and Princess Anne, 72, spent some of their earliest years living in Malta while their father served in the Royal Navy. Their lives were changed forever when they were both very young in 1952. Following the sudden death of their grandfather, King George VI, the pair went from being the children of the heir to the throne who spent some of their earliest years living in Malta to being the son and daughter of the new young Queen. These years away from the UK were full of happy memories for the young family as they spent time as a normal family living at Villa Guardamangia which is located just outside of the capital city of Valletta between 1949 and 1951. The 18th-century limestone villa was built in the style of a summer palace and was loaned to the newlyweds by Prince Philip’s uncle, Lord Louis Mountbatten and was where they lived while the Duke continued his career in the Royal Navy. It is said that the Princess was treated in the same way as any normal naval wife and spent her days shopping at the supermarket with others and enjoying boat trips.   The sprawling villa in Malta that the late Queen and Prince Philip used to live in went on sale in 2019 for just over £5million. Estate agents Homes of Quality put the property on the market for €5.95million, equating to roughly £5.3million. With six bedrooms, three bathrooms, a grand "sala mobile" living room, plus "various guest/servant quarters," the 1,560 square metre villa has "great historical value," according to the estate agents. Despite the price, its opulence faded into dilapidation during recent decades.  Images have shown overgrown gardens and a weathered façade since the late Queen and her late husband left the property. The Royal Family's treasured time in Malta was sadly cut short when King George VI died unexpectedly from lung cancer at the age of 56 in 1952. The couple were on an official tour of the Commonwealth at the time and heard the sad news while they were in Kenya. Once the couple returned to the UK, they briefly made their family home at Clarence House before relocating to the sovereign's official home of Buckingham Palace. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  The Queen travelled back to Malta several times over the years and the home they once lived in has been transformed into a museum as it had fallen into disrepair in recent years. In a 2015 speech to Commonwealth Heads of Government, the Queen said: “Prince Philip and I first came to live here in 1949, the same year in which the Commonwealth was founded. “The 66 years since then have seen a vast expansion of human freedom: the forging of independent nations and new Commonwealth members, many millions of people sprung from the trap of poverty, and the unleashing of the talents of a global population. "I have been privileged to witness this transformation, and to consider its purpose.”  Prince Philip's cousin, Lady Pamela Hicks, also spoke about the late Queen's fondness for Malta. She said: “The Queen really loved living in Malta because she was able to lead a normal life, wander through the towns and go shopping. "It was the only place that she was able to live the life of a naval officer’s wife, just like all the other wives. "They were magical days of endless picnics, sunbathing and water skiing. It was wonderful for her and it’s why they have such nostalgia for Malta.” 