Xi Jinping has seen his efforts to improve China's standing following the pandemic collapse because of the ongoing spy balloon skirmish with the United States. China has seen its economy struggling to recover following the extensive lockdown period Xi imposed during the pandemic, with international relations also taking a hit because of the virus. But attempts to win back and strengthen commercial relations have now been made "harder" as the spy balloon debacle undermines Beijing's bid to be seen as a reliable partner, China expert Selina Wang said. Wang reported that Chinese state media continued to maintain the balloon shot down over the weekend off the South Carolina coast was civilian and not involved in any surveillance. She said: "State media is parroting that line, and also blaming US domestic politics for escalating things. "But regardless of whether these moves by China were deliberate or clumsy miscalculations, they are embarrassing for Beijing. "Xi Jinping has been on a charm offensive, trying to reset relations with countries that were badly damaged during the pandemic." JUST IN: Florida teen Aiden Fucci pleads guilty for stabbing 13-year-old cheerleader 114 times The international correspondent told CNN: "And now this sets China back diplomatically and making it even harder for Beijing to convince the world that it can play by international rules." Defusing longstanding tensions between China and the US was a pivotal point in Xi Jinping's campaign to strengthen the economy but he has seen his efforts undermined by the spy balloon incident. Secretary of State Antony Blinken cancelled a planned visit to China scheduled for this week after President Joe Biden gave the order to shoot down the balloon on Saturday. Beijing has maintained the balloon was an "unmanned airship" that had inadvertently encroached into Canadian and US airspace. READ MORE: US economy to ‘worsen’ the longer debt crisis stand off rages on as 'drop dead' day looms The Biden administration confirmed that Chinese surveillance balloons had previously transited over the United States on a handful of occasions, raising questions on whether the latest mission could have been approved by Xi despite the risk to his diplomatic efforts, or whether it could have been approved without the Chinese president's knowledge. Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy expert Drew Thompson told FT: "An open question is whether Xi Jinping knew about the mission and approved it, and what the assumptions were about its potential impact on [US] relations. "We don’t know whether this demonstrates that the People’s Liberation Army is not co-ordinating politically sensitive missions with the party leadership, or whether the PLA is throwing a wrench into Xi Jinping’s effort to lower the temperature of the US-China relationship." DON'T MISSUS evacuation ordered after train derailment explosion [LATEST]Harry and Meghan will never 'come close' to royal wealth [REPORT]China signalling 'we can do what we want' as US falls behind [INSIGHT] White House National Security Spokesman John Kirby noted Monday that Blinken's trip was delayed, not cancelled but rescheduling remains uncertain. “I would put this at a six” on a scale of 10, said Danny Russel, a China expert and former assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs in the Obama administration, on the damage to current diplomatic efforts between the two countries. Russell added: “The signals I see suggest that there has to be a pause and a line drawn under the incident but once the drama has gone through its final act, there seems to be every intention to re-engineer a trip by the secretary of state." Tensions between the US and China, notably over Taiwan, have been a source of deep concern for Washington and many of its allies. US officials are concerned that overt conflict will crater the global economy and their concerns were exacerbated last year with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, on which China has largely sided with the Russians. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews