Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 58, officially opened the 54th annual Agricultural Show in the Cayman Islands, where she met the community, local farmers, and saw the livestock, displays and district stalls. The Countess stunned in another Me and Em dress for the occasion. Sophie wore another Me and Em dress when she landed in the Cayman Islands on Tuesday, and opted for the designer brand again on Thursday. The Countess wore a "Chambray Shirred Waist Maxi Dress" that costs £175 to purchase. The definition for this dress says: "Slowly introducing lighter fabrics and brighter shades to your wardrobe in preparation for spring, this maxi dress is crafted from pure cotton in chambray blue. "Easy to wear, it's detailed with buttons down the chest and shirring around the waist for a flattering finish." READ MORE: Princess Eugenie has experienced a 'transformational fitness journey' To accessorise, the Countess carried her Sophie Habsburg "Tahiti" bag in beige. This is a Raffia clutch bag that also features a side pocket inside the lining. Sophie has owned this clutch bag since 2014, making it nine years old. Unfortunately, it is no longer in stock, so it is unclear how much the accessory cost at the time of purchase. For footwear, Sophie opted for some "Valenciana Espadrilles" from Penelope Chilvers. These shoes cost £95 and come in a stone colour, navy or black. The Countess opted for the first shade. Their description says: "This Valenciana espadrille is the standard height wedge from our classic series of cotton espadrilles for summer (see Low Valenciana for a lower height option in the series). "Available in a range of classic neutrals including black, navy and stone. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex dons £735 dress - but fans claim shoes are 'tacky'  "These simple wedge espadrilles are perfect for beaches and holidays - lightweight, easy to pack and simple to style in the sunshine." To manage the bright sunlight in the Cayman Islands, Sophie wore her Dolce and Gabbana DG 4080 Everyday 926/8G Sunglasses. These are also all out of stock, so how much they initially cost is unclear. The description for these sunglasses says: "A chic and sophisticated pair of oversized Dolce and Gabbana sunglasses, this style for ladies features a black frame with a clear plastic hinge."  Some royal fans were less impressed with this outfit as opposed to the other dresses she wore on this brief royal tour. Instagram user @bee_21 said: "Not the biggest fan, perhaps a belt might’ve helped!" Another fan, @catherine.duncan48 added: "I do like the dress but it's too long, it should be a midi length, it would hang much better." Royal watcher @theladyteachersybill commented: "Puffy sleeves, ruffles, tiered skirt, broad elastic waistband, little buttons, ankle length... a bit too much in my opinion." Social media user @just_kathryne wrote: "As a child of the 80s, I just can’t stomach chambray as a palatable clothing option these days. Not a win." But some fans liked the outfit. @kelly9.glenn said: "Sophie is giving us tips on how to look chic in summer." @newloveletter added: "I adore Sophie." 