Chelsea star Kai Havertz has been blasted for "not doing anything" to help improve his team's form. The German has remained a regular in Graham Potter's side but Gabriel Agbonlahor has been far from impressed. Havertz joined Chelsea from Bayer Leverkusen in September 2020 for a fee of around £72million. He scored the winning goal in the Champions League final in his first campaign in England. But he has not hit the heights in front of goal that many expected. The 23-year-old has just five Premier League goals to his name in 23 appearances this season, 20 of which have been as a starter. Havertz also only has one assist in the top flight. He is now under his third manager at Stamford Bridge following the sacking of Frank Lampard in early 2021 and Thomas Tuchel last September. READ MORE: Man Utd could sign five PSG stars as owners look to 'do away with £194m'  Former Aston Villa captain Agbonlahor says Havertz has done nothing to warrant a place in the team after "seeing off" his last two bosses. He said on talkSPORT: "Look at Havertz. I mean, he saw two managers off. He's not doing anything. "He's not a No 9, he's not a No 10. He's not holding the ball up, he's not scoring goals." Havertz wasn't the only player to feel the heat from Agbonlahor. Chelsea have won just one of their 11 games in 2023 and the players' attitude has been questioned. Agbonlahor added: "The big worry for me when I watch Chelsea is some of the body language of some of the players. Even Enzo Fernandez, he's been outstanding since he signed for Chelsea, but even he sort of looked a bit fed up with his team-mates and the lack of connection between them. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumesArsenal could sign three PSG stars with owners 'looking to slash £645m wage bill'Benni McCarthy played role in Sir Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub  "For me, these players look like they have a lack of confidence, lack of chemistry between them. [Ruben] Loftus-Cheek hasn't performed for ages for Chelsea. "Some of these players need to get their finger out and start putting in performances and not just blaming the manager for everything." Potter is under increased scrutiny for his position. But Agbonlahor says the club's board may have assured him he will get the chance to at least start next season. He added: "I think he is under pressure but we don't know what the owner wants. The owner might look at it and think he's had a lot of players, let's give him until the end of the season, he gets a good pre-season, gets rid of the deadwood, the players who aren't good enough to play for Chelsea. Then he can work on hisplayers in pre-season." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 