Tennis star Alexander Bublik saw red as he proceeded to destroy three of his rackets. The 25-year-old opened his title defence at the Open Sud de France against home favourite Grégoire Barrère. After losing the first set, the world number 50 won a thrilling second set 7-6, 12-10 on the tiebreak, to force a decider.  But he couldn’t protect his lead, and once the pair arrived at a decisive breaker, the defending champion lost his cool in a major way. After losing six straight points, which included three double faults, Bublik slammed his racket on the ground five times. If that wasn’t enough, Bublik proceeded to grab a second stick and gave it four hard whacks which stunned the Montpellier crowd. He was greeted by jeers when he repeated the action with a third piece of equipment, before finally changing ends to the announcement of a warning for racquet abuse. “The good news is he’s got plenty of other racquets,” said the commentary team on the call. JUST IN: French tennis star retires in tears after injury from horror fall in front of home crowd   Bublik was able to save three match points before Barrère sealed a famous win. The defending champion, who won his maiden title at the same event a year ago against Olympic champion Alexander Zverev, finished with 19 aces and a staggering 14 double faults as he fell at the first hurdle this time around.   “He just flew on the court, and I was like, ‘Something happened’, because he was crying and [it was] tough. Then the match was over. He fought [very well], with all the crowd... I was doing my best. I wanted to play the third set, but it is never easy to play injured.” Cheered on by his home crowd, Humbert had claimed the first set 6-1 but trailed 1-3 in the second-set tie-break when the incident occured. Humbert courageously tried to play on, but after Davidovich Fokina went on to claim the second set, the 24-year-old retired from the match. “I hope that he will recover and will play next week, but now he has to focus on recovering,” said Davidovich Fokina of Humbert, the World No. 85. “He’s playing very good… He’s coming back [up the rankings] for sure." 