More than half of the UK with financial concerns for others (57 percent) do not have a will in place, leaving their family finances open to challenge when they pass away, according to new research from Quilter. It could also mean they are not making use of legal loopholes, resulting in loved ones having to pay more inheritance tax to HMRC.  The study found that out of those that do have a will, the majority (53 percent) have not updated it within the last five years. Worryingly, 16 percent of over 55s have never updated their wishes for after they have passed away, Quilter claims. Meanwhile, one in four of those with financial concern for others (25 percent) said they would be willing to contest someone else’s will if they felt the estate hadn’t been divided fairly, highlighting the need to have an inheritance plan well established and communicated with family. Quilter is warning those who do not have a will, or have not updated it in the last 10 years, may want to put one in place to ensure inheritance is passed on in accordance with their wishes. READ MORE: New savings account paying 'top rate' 3.03 percent interest rate   According to the Kings Court Trust, £5.5trillion will be passed between generations in the next 30 years. The research also showed that when gifting money, an important aspect was ensuring the right people in the family receive the money, with three quarters (73 percent) citing this as important. Ensuring recipients save tax was another key aspect, with just over half of respondents (55 percent) stating this is important. The study also found nearly half (45 percent) of people have never or won’t speak about pension death benefit nomination, lasting power of attorney or a trust with their family, again leaving their wishes undocumented. DON'T MISSInheritance tax warning as Britons fail to plan for 40% bill [WARNING]UK’s 'best buy savings account’ turns £10k into £12,402 [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis tip helps retired pensioner increase savings by £5,000 [ALERT]  Rachael Griffin, tax and financial planning expert at Quilter, said people need to start talking more openly about what they want to happen with their estates. She said: “Inheritance is a highly emotive topic for family to discuss, but many are simply hoping for the best and ignoring what is clearly an important subject. "Everyone has desires for what happens to their money and their possessions when they pass away, so it is vital these are recorded and regularly updated. "Not doing so leaves an estate up for challenge, and this will only delay the grieving process for your family members after you die."     The financial expert said encouraging conversations about money and inheritance between family members was the major theme emerging from its research. She added: "The vast majority see the right family members receiving the money as an important aspect of gifting. "However, failing to talk about your estate and your wishes with those family members is just adding a layer of risk on to your inheritance. “It is also important to remember that while a will is a fantastic way of recording your wishes, you must not forget things like pension death benefit nominations and lasting power of attorney." Ms Griffin continued: "These are also crucial elements in ensuring your affairs are managed in the way that you want them to be following loss of any capabilities or death. “Having these discussions with family and ensuring documents are kept up to date will ensure that vast sums of money that are due to flow through the generations will do so in the intended way.” Inheritance tax is on course to hit another record high this year as experts predict receipts could be 13.7 percent higher than in 2021 to 2022.  However, planning ahead could also help loved ones pay less inheritance tax - there are 10 legal loopholes allowing people to pay less to HMRC.