The surveillance balloon, which was owned and operated by China before being shot down near South Carolina in the Atlantic Ocean, is believed to have been capable of collecting communication signals, officials in Washington say. Last week the US downed the balloon with shots from a Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor jet from Langley Air Force Base in Virginia, leading China to issue a furious response. Speculation is now rife as to what the exact nature of the device was, and why it was in the US in the first place. But for security expert Dr Alan Diehl, the US now faces tough questions over whether it was legally able to topple the balloon. Tensions around the device erupted earlier this month, with a senior State Department official saying the balloon was used for "intelligence collection operations". The BBC reported that lawmakers in the US passed a "non-binding resolution condemning China for the balloon". However, China hit back, claiming the balloon was not used for spying purposes but was a weather device that had been blown off course. It led to a furious diplomatic row, with the US Secretary of State, Antony Blinken, scrapping plans to visit China in what was due to be the most significant meeting between Washington and Beijing in years. Among the claims made by Washington include that the balloon is part of a more comprehensive fleet of devices tracking movements on five of the world's continents, something Mao Ning, the Chinese Foreign Ministry's spokesperson, ruled out. He said the claim was "probably part of the information and public opinion warfare the US has waged on China". While the diplomatic and political consequences of what has happened are yet to be fully understood, Dr Diehl, a former US government whistleblower and aviation expert, told Express.co.uk that the US may have broken international legislation in its eagerness in shooting down the balloon. He explained: "When the balloon approached that smallish island in the Aleutian chain it was in international waters until 12 miles out, where it would have entered US territorial waters. "Thus it would have been difficult to shoot it down unless the military knew it was a spy balloon, and already had interceptors or missiles at the island. JUST IN: Chinese balloon had 'multiple antennas' and was 'clearly' spying "And so it was unlikely America could have prevented it from overflying that secret base. Shooting down a 'suspected spy balloon' in international waters might be a violation of the law." The device flew close to "top-secret" bases in the Aleutian, including a base that had a "massive radar" and a small fleet of modified C-135 spy planes. Dr Diehl, who is also an aviation research psychologist, said it was likely that China "wanted to gather intelligence on what is now happening at that location". He concluded: "Of course, it's possible that these balloons really were just weather reconnaissance devices. But that seems unlikely." DON'T MISS:Expert shuts down China weather reconnaissance balloon excuse [INSIGHT]China has sent spy balloons around the globe [ANALYSIS]Biden 'putting American lives at risk' as China now holding upper hand [LATEST] Earlier this week, US politicians agreed that the balloon had a number of antennas on it that could track various aspects of Amercian communications. As well as travelling around five continents, the balloon was also believed to have operated in more than 40 countries. An official described how it was "likely capable of collecting geolocating communications", adding: "We will also look at broader efforts to expose and address [China's] larger surveillance activities that pose a threat to our national security, and to our allies and partners." Operations have been taking place as the balloon's remains are traced following its shooting. How long they left the balloon airborne was also criticised by some politicians, but officials claimed they gained "valuable information" from tracking the device. Republican lawmaker Michael Gallagher, according to the Financial Times, told the new House China committee, that the episode must act as a reminder to Washington of China's threat. He continued: "It would be phenomenal if it were some sort of Sputnik moment, not because of the capabilities of this particular balloon... but just because it should give us a sense of urgency and we have glaring problems. "My hope would be that my colleagues and the American people understand that this is not just an ‘over there’ problem, sort of a matter of a territorial dispute in the South and East China Sea, but rather a right here at home problem,” "We need to wake up and better defend our sovereignty in partnership with our closest allies." On Thursday, the House of Representatives condemned the balloon, describing it as a "brazen violation of United States sovereignty". In a vote 419-0 vote, the House lashed out at its use.