Tyron Woodley has called out KSI for ducking a fight with him on three occasions after the British YouTube star mocked Jake Paul and Tommy Fury's Saudi showdown on Sunday night. Paul’s six-fight unbeaten streak came to an end as he dropped a split-decision loss to Fury, much to KSI’s delight. Taking to social media, KSI uploaded a video of him uncontrollably laughing after the final bell. “Yo! Ahhhh don’t mind me, just smoking on that Jake Paul pack! Honestly, Jake Paul – trash! Tommy Fury – trash!” he shouted. But Woodley, who has been chasing a fight with the YouTuber for quite some time, was quick to respond. “Coming from someone that won't risk and fight anyone! Fought two guys in one night instead of me,” he tweeted. “Sent me a deal and took Dillon. Dillon pulled out you called Tempur. @jakepaul tied up in a rematch. Let your balls finally drop! @ksi May 12th Abu Dhabi what's the excuse!?” Woodley was among the options for KSI’s last outing in January. However, The Nightmare chose to go with Dillon Danis instead. Of course, Danis went on to pull out of the fight and FaZe Temperrr was drafted in to replace him – only to get knocked out in the first round. After the news came out that KSI had chosen Danis, Woodley leaked the contract for his proposed bout with KSI and revealed that the 29-year-old had inserted a controversial rehydration clause into the deal despite being the naturally bigger man. “@KSI wanted me not to rehydrate then flaked,” wrote Woodley on social media at the time. "@ksi Why would you offer me a fight vs you then bail? Why would you send me a contract to b*** out and take a lesser opponent? MORE BOXING NEWS... Tyson names two fights he wants brother Tommy to take after Paul win Boxing fans in stitches after presenter tells Logan 'I love you too' Boxing fans blast Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury as rematch details emerge “Why would you have my name in your mouth for two years and not step up? Why do a poll of 1million people, that all said fight me, and you run. #KSI We need answers. Now y'all go troll the troll. Saturday he will announce he ran.” The contract read: “[Woodley must be] a maximum of 175lb at the official weigh-in on the day before the bout and shall be a maximum of 185lbin the afternoon of the day of the fight. Promoter will use best endeavours to ensure the local commission administers this second weigh-in. “If the boxer is overweight at either weigh-in the promoter will be given the option to terminate the agreement and cancel the bout.” KSI has long called for a fight with Paul and Fury and is expected to return to the ring later this year. Fury, meanwhile, has ruled out a fight with the YouTuber despite initially admitting after defeating Paul that he would be open to taking on his fellow Brit. He said: “You know, when he’s sat there in his house in London, it’s a lot easier looking at it and commenting but try getting in the ring and doing it. It’s a completely different story. KSI, he’s not even in my thoughts because he really is awful. I put Jake Paul above KSI so he’s not even in my thought process at the moment.”