Nikki Haley will announce her intention to run for president later this month, it's reported. It's thought she will make the official announcement on February 15.  If she does announce her intentions to run, Haley is thought to be one of Donald Trump's biggest rivals in his bid for the Republican nomination and the White House. The 51-year-old is the first female Governor of South Carolina, born in Bamberg in the state. She was born Nikki Randhawa and her parents are both Sikh from the Amristar District of India, and both immigrated to the US. Nikki married her husband Michael Haley, with whom she shared a daughter Rena and son Nalin, in 1996, and they have both a Sikh and a Methodist wedding. Michael is an officer in the South Carolina Army National Guard and served a year-long deployment in Afghanistan in 2013. The year after her marriage, Nikki converted to Christianity and now attends a United Methodist Church, although she does attend some Sikh services occasionally. She was asked during a Christianity Today interview whether she would like her parents to convert to Christianity, to which she replied: "What I hope is that my parents do what's right for them." READ MORE: Trump VP hopeful Marjorie Taylor Greene's Georgian home life: Hunting & Schnauzer parades Nikki is pro-life when it comes to the issue of abortion, and she has supported legal restrictions on abortions. She credits being a mother for this belief and said: "I'm not pro-life because the Republican Party tells me, I'm pro-life because all of us have had experiences of what it means to have one of these special little ones in our life." She signed a bill to remove the Confederate flag from the flagpole on the grounds of the South Carolina Capitol in her time as governor and said she would not support a law to require transgender people to use the bathroom corresponding to their assigned sex at birth. She said at the time: "These are not instances that... y'all haven't reported on anything. I haven't heard anything that's come to my office. So when I look at South Carolina, we look at our situations, we're not hearing of anybody's religious liberties that are being violated, and we're, again, not hearing any citizens that feel like they are being violated in terms of freedoms." However, she has spoken out against what she describes as the "changing definition" of woman. The governor is a supporter of Isreal, making statements such as "Isreal has a right to defense" on her Twitter. DON'T MISS'Gorgeous' Ivanka Trump wears dress with very special meaning [STYLE] Man behind Melania's hat was paid at least $132K by Trump PAC [SHOCK] All the sordid claims Stormy Daniels has made about Donald Trump [INSIGHT] On immigration, the politician has signed a number of laws attempting to crack down on the illegal movement of people across borders. Via a spokesperson, Haley said, "If the feds were doing their job, we wouldn't have had to address illegal immigration reform at the state level. But, until they do, we're going to keep fighting in South Carolina to be able to enforce our laws."  Nikki and her family reside in Kiawah Island, South Carolina near the city of Charleston. It is known for being home to some notable people, including NBA basketball player Ray Allen and retired Hall of Fame NFL head coach for the Washington Redskins Joe Gibbs. Nikki uses her social media mostly to promote her political message. However, she does share some insights into her personal life. Recently she celebrated the engagement of her daughter Rena and her future husband Josh. For New Year she shared an image of herself, her husband, her two children, and their partners celebrating amid palm trees by the sea. Her family's Christmas card featured herself, her husband, and her two children as well as their two poodles, Rio, who recently turned two, and Bentley. Nikka also shared an adorable snap from her dad's birthday in December, smiling next to him as he blew out the candles on what looked like a coffee and walnut cake.  Before her political career, Nikki achieved a degree in accounting and then worked at her family's clothing business as a bookkeeper and CFO. Nikki has written three books on leadership and business. They are Can't Is Not an Option: My American Story, With All Due Respect: Defending America with Grit and Grace, A Better Blueprint for International Organizations: Advancing American Interests on the Global Stage, Foundation for Defense of Democracies, and If You Want Something Done: Leadership Lessons from Bold Women.