Below Deck Adventure is the newest spin-off to come from Bravo’s Below Deck franchise, and unlike the sunny seas, Captain Kerry Titheradge led the team across Norway. As the show came to an end last week, Chief Stew Faye Clark spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the charter and the real reason she "didn’t care" about Kyle Dickard’s firing.  When Below Deck Adventure aired in November, millions tuned in to watch a team of skilled yachties work together to provide an unforgettable experience for their charter guests. Their affluent thrill-seeking guests took a multitude of excursions which included horseback riding, mountain climbing and cave scuba diving. Although the team got well, tensions began to rise among the deckhand crew as Kyle clashed with his bunkmate Nathan Morley. Viewers also took to social media to slam his behaviour onboard the luxury yacht, Mercury. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie As well as his unwillingness to listen to his superiors, Kyle was shown the door after he threatened Nathan. Captain Kerry’s swift decision came just after three days and while the other crew members were shocked to see him go, Faye was focused on the job at hand. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the chief stew revealed: “I was so busy at the time, I didn't really care for what was going on with Kyle and the exterior crew. “All I knew was that the interior needed a lot of work.”  As well as ensuring the guests were catered to and satisfied, Faye also led stewardesses Kasie Faddah and Oriana Schneps. They were in charge of clearing, cleaning and organising the yacht, making the drink orders and working with chef Jessica Condy. Faye added: “My guests were constantly in the interior and I needed to focus on them. “I left it up to Lewis [Lupton] to deal with what was going on on the exterior.” DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food [INSIGHT]Below Deck Adventure’s Faye Clark delivers huge Seth romance [INSIGHT] Below Deck's Camille supported by 'best friend' crew mate after firing [INSIGHT]  Although the crew no longer had to deal with Kyle’s threatening behaviour, the deck crew were a man down. This created more tension between the team as Faye was constantly calling on Nathan and Michael Gilman to help her with the interior. This frustrated Lewis as he didn’t have enough manpower to help with the more taxing tasks such as folding excursion equipment and the regular washdowns of the yacht. While temperatures didn’t boil over for Faye and Lewis, they often aired their frustrations to the cameras.  Thankfully, Captain Kerry was able to get a replacement for Kyle as Seth Jacobson joined the charter in episode seven. Although he was warmly welcomed by the women, Seth expressed his interest in Faye, who reciprocated the feelings with flirtatious banter. When quizzed about the current status of their relationship, Faye shared: “He's actually a really nice guy a decent guy but during the season he didn't bring anything to me that made me think ‘wow’. So I kept it purely as friends and I care for everyone.”  Below Deck Adventure is available to stream on Bravo in the US and on Hayu in the UK. 