Manchester United winger Jadon Sancho was denied his first Premier League appearance in nearly three-and-a-half months on Saturday because his team-mate Casemiro was sent off against Crystal Palace. United boss Erik ten Hag was planning on introducing Sancho as a second half substitute against the Eagles but ultimately changed his mind after his side were reduced to 10 men. “He's good,” Ten Hag explained as he spoke about Sancho ahead of his team’s Premier League clash with Leeds on Wednesday night. “We saw last week that he came in and did really well [against Nottingham Forest in the Carabao Cup]. “It was also a pity, but one of the consequences of Casemiro's sending-off is that I couldn’t bring him on, because we had to make other subs. I planned to bring him on, so that was also a setback for him, but we were very happy with the win over Palace. It shows the good spirit in the team and gives the team more motivation and confidence - but it was bad in a lot of other aspects.” United shelled out £73million to sign Sancho from Borussia Dortmund in the summer of 2021. But the player underwhelmed in his first season at Old Trafford and bagged just five goals and three assists in 38 appearances as his team suffered a dismal campaign. READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    Sancho started 10 of the Red Devils’ first 11 Premier League games this season but was then given time to train away from the first-team squad after Ten Hag insisted he was not “physically and mentally” ready to play. The 22-year-old, who last appeared in the Premier League when United drew 1-1 with Chelsea in mid-October, came off the bench against Nottingham Forest last week as his side booked their place in the Carabao Cup final. And the ace is now in contention to play against Leeds, who parted company with manager Jesse Marsch earlier this week. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning    Casemiro’s red card against Palace came after he had put his hands around the neck of Will Hughes during a mass brawl that broke out after Antony had been forced into the advertising boards at the side of the pitch following a heavy challenge by Jeffrey Schlupp. Antony was taken off in the aftermath of that incident and will be unavailable for the visit of Leeds. And when Ten Hag was asked how long the ex-Ajax winger would be out for, he replied: “I don’t know. I don’t think it's a long time, but we have to see how it develops in the coming days. It's in his leg, but I can’t specify.” 