At least 1,702 people have been killed in a devastating earthquake that struck Turkey and Syria as emergency services scramble to rescue thousands more buried in the rubble of fallen buildings. The powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit southern Turkey and northern Syria early on Monday morning, with the tremors felt as far as Cairo, Egypt, nearly 800 miles away from where the disaster originated. On both sides of the border, residents jolted out of sleep by the pre-dawn quake rushed outside on a cold, rainy and snowy winter night, as buildings were flattened and strong aftershocks continued, with more than 6000 people injured as a result, according to local authorties.  Rescue workers and residents are currently searching for survivors under the rubble of their homes in dozens of cities, working through tangles of metal and chunks of concrete. President Erdogan said this morning that at least 912 people had been confirmed dead in Turkey, with a further 5,383 wounded. Reuters has reported that the renewed death toll in Turkey is now 1,014. More than 320 people have died in Syria, according to the state’s news agency, with more than 1,000 wounded. Humanitarian organisation White Helmets, which operates in the non-government held areas of Syria, reported that at least 221 people have died there, with more than 419 wounded. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance (OCHA) later estimated that 255 people had been killed in the non-government held areas, adding that 811 had been injured. The three tallies take the total to 1,702.  The true figures for losses in non-government held areas will be difficult to count, however, and are likely to be underestimates. It is widely expected that the number of people killed in the disaster will continue to rise throughout Monday, at the least. In the past four hours, the death toll has risen by more than 1,000. Mr Erdogan has described the unfolding scene as the country’s largest disaster since 1939, referring to the Erzincan earthquake that killed 33,000 people. It is worth noting that he has looked beyond the 7.6 magnitude earthquake in Izmit in 1999, which killed more than 17,000 people. He added that 9,000 people are involved the rescue missions.    The death toll could rise to as many as 10,000 people, the United States Geological Survey have said, with the National Earthquake Centre reporting that it was the “strongest” incident since records began in 1995. Footage on social media shows the moments dozens of multistorey apartment blocks in Turkish cities suddenly collapse as a result of subsequent tremors. Roughly 2,818 buildings reportedly collapsed in a swath from Syria’s cities of Aleppo and Hama to Turkey’s Diyarbakir, more than 200 miles to the northeast of the original quake. The initial incident only lasted about one minute but was felt as far away as Egypt, Lebanon and the island of Cyprus. Italy also issued a tsunami warning briefly over fears of a knock-on effect. A strong aftershock that registered at 6.7 on the Richter scale struck about 10 minutes afterwards, while Turkish officials have said more than 40 aftershocks have been felt since. Six aftershocks of over 5 on the Richter scale followed.    Turkey has declared a Level 4 Emergency, the highest possible alert, mobilising all its national services to help with rescue missions while calling on international support. Among the buildings destroyed was a hospital in the Mediterranean coastal city of Iskanderoun. Footage of the rescue attempts across Turkey and Syria show emergency service workers, boosted by civilian efforts, frantically pulling away slabs of heavy concrete to get to screaming people stuck in the rubble. One video on social media shows a rescue worker carrying a toddler with blood stains on her pyjamas towards an ambulance having discovered her in a collapsed apartment block. It just one of dozens of images and videos detailing the children caught up in the disaster.    The earthquake was centred about 60 miles from the Syrian border, just north of the city of Gaziantep, a major Turkish provincial capital of more than 2 million people. The region has been shaped by more than a decade of war in Syria. Millions of Syrian refugees live in Turkey. The swath of Syria affected by the quake is divided between government-held and opposition-held areas. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said on Twitter that “search and rescue teams were immediately dispatched” to the areas hit by the quake. “We hope that we will get through this disaster together as soon as possible and with the least damage,” he wrote. READ MORE: Finland will join NATO 'together' with Sweden despite Turkish veto [REPORT] British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak released a statement on Twitter saying the UK “stands ready to help in whatever way we can”. The White House issued a similar statement. Mr Sunak said: “My thoughts are with the people of Türkiye and Syria this morning, particularly with those first responders working so valiantly to save those trapped by the earthquake. “The UK stands ready to help in whatever way we can.” The White House released a statement saying that US President Joe Biden has instructed the federal government to prepare US assistance, according to national security advisor Jake Sullivan. He said: “The US is profoundly concerned by the reports of today’s destructive earthquake in Turkey and Syria. “We stand ready to provide any and all needed assistance. President Biden has directed USAID and other federal government partners to assess US response options to help those most affected. “We will continue to closely monitor the situation in coordination with the government of Turkey.”    The Turkish Armed Forces have set up an air corridor to ensure emergency services can reach the devastated areas as quickly as possible, the country’s defence minister has said. Highways, rail links and several airports have been completely destroyed by the earthquake, severing transport routes. “We mobilised our planes to send medical teams, search and rescue teams and their vehicles to the earthquake zone,” Reuters report the statement cited defence minister Hulusi Akar as saying. Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis has instructed specialised teams to be immediately sent to assist rescue efforts. A 25-strong EMAK rescue unit is believed to be on its way to southern Turkey. India has also announced that it will be sending scores of rescue workers and organisations to the affected areas. Additionally, the European Commission annoucned that at least 10 nations have sent search and rescue teams to Turkey and Syria. “Urban Search and Rescue teams have been quickly mobilised from Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, France, Greece, Hungary, Malta, the Netherlands, Poland and Romania to support the first responders on the ground,” the European Commission said in a statement. Italy, Spain and Slovakia have offered their rescue teams to Turkey as well.     In the Turkish city of Adana, one resident said three buildings near his home collapsed. “I don’t have the strength anymore,” one survivor could be heard calling out from beneath the rubble as rescue workers tried to reach him, said a resident journalism student Muhammet Fatih Yavus. Further east in Diyarbakir, cranes and rescue teams rushed people on stretchers out of a mountain of pancaked concrete floors that was once an apartment building. On the Syrian side of the border, the quake smashed opposition-held regions that are packed with some 4 million people displaced from other parts of Syria by the country’s long civil war. Many of them live in decrepit conditions with little health care. Rescue workers said hospitals in the area were packed. “We fear that the deaths are in the hundreds,” Muheeb Qaddour, a doctor, said by phone from the town of Atmeh, referring to the entire rebel-held area. Raed Salah, the head of the White Helmets, the emergency organisation in opposition areas, said whole neighbourhoods were collapsed in some areas. DON'T MISS: Jet2 launches new flights to Turkey for this summer [REVEAL] Couple left in agony say 'Turkey teeth' has ruined their lives [REPORT] Top ISIS boss captured in Syria as more than 60 terrorists arrested [REVEAL]   In Turkey, people trying to leave the quake-stricken regions caused traffic jams, hampering efforts of emergency teams trying to reach the affected areas. Authorities urged residents not to take to the roads. Mosques around the region were being opened up as a shelter for people unable to return to damaged homes amid temperatures that hovered around freezing. The quake heavily damaged Gaziantep’s most famed landmark, its historic castle perched atop a hill in the center of the city. Parts of the fortresses’ walls and watch towers were leveled and other parts heavily damaged, images from the city showed. In Diyarbakir, rescue teams called for silence as they tried to listen for survivors under the wreckage of an 11-story building. Rescue workers pulled out one man, carrying him on a stretcher through a dense crowd of hundreds of people anxiously watching the rescue efforts. A gray-haired woman wailed before being escorted away by a man, while a rescue worker wearing a white helmet tried to calm a crying girl, who was also being cuddled by two friends. In northwest Syria, the quake added new woes to the opposition-held enclave centered on the province of Idlib, which has been under siege for years, with frequent Russian and government airstrikes. The territory depends on a flow of aid from nearby Turkey for everything from food to medical supplies. The opposition’s Syrian Civil Defense described the situation there as “disastrous” adding that entire buildings have collapsed and people are trapped under the rubble. READ NEXT: Squadron of Russian SU-24 fighter bombers roars past Royal Navy shipBBC faces fury after spending licence fee cash on Begum podcastISIS terrorist caught hiding in bird's-eye footage showing captureKurdish warn Turkish invasion of Syria could set ISIS prisoners freeFears Turkey is on brink of all-out invasion of Syria as tensions rise 