There was a bit of sympathy about the need to hang on to your looks in an intensely competitive, male-dominated, youth-obsessed music industry. But Madonna really has gone too far now. She knew Michael Jackson and saw what the star did to himself: can no one step in and stop Madge from going the same way?   It is difficult: Joan Collins said that being a beauty growing old is like being born with a fortune in the bank and losing it over the years. In Madonna’s case, while she was perfectly attractive, she was no great beauty, but that made her achievements all the more impressive. She was never the world’s greatest singer either, but sheer tenacity and determination got her to the top and kept her there. The star wasn’t afraid to shock and more than any other entertainer of her generation was always determined to do it her way. But why this? There is nothing wrong whatsoever in a few tweaks here and there to maintain appearance: Jane Fonda, for one, has been very open about the work she’s had done and looks sensational.The difference is Jane is aiming to look like a 50-something, not a 20-something and it works. If you try to reverse nature to the extent that Madonna clearly is doing, it’s going to blow up in your face – once you yourself have blown your face up too far, that is. Yes, getting older is difficult for every -one, but some spectacularly bad examples of plastic surgery (Jocelyn Wildenstein) prove that you can easily take it too far.  Madonna has been a role model for young women: forget all the blatant attempts to shock, and look at the reality of a woman who managed to enjoy a spectacular career while bringing up a family. Most women are hard-pressed to do that while working in a regular nine-to-five. No one is saying Madge should start dressing in a twin set and pearls, but in her current incarnation, a role model she ain’t. Is there no one who can have a word?  My grandmother’s generation had a saying when someone wore something particularly pastel: pink to make the boys wink. Not sure what the boys would make of Beyonce’s latest outfit: winking doesn’t come into it. And dontcha just love the shades?  The Trevelyan family is giving £100,000 to a community fund in Grenada to apologise for their role in the slave trade: why is there still no move to go after the black leaders in Africa whose forebears sold their own countrymen into slavery? As for the Trevelyans themselves, they might have hoped that this would save them from future criticisms about family history – but now they’ve been targeted by activists keen to point out that the family also played a role in the Irish famine. No good deed goes unpunished, indeed. It's Valentine’s Day next week. Here’s a poem from our cats: Roses are red Sparrows are small I got you a gift It’s dead in the hall!  If I was Sasha Walpole I’d be livid, not just because “privacy-loving” Prince Harry revealed all about their one-off encounter, but because he referred to her as an “older woman”. When he first mentioned her, we all thought that “older woman” meant decades older. Now it turns out he was referring to two years. The age gap with Meghan Markle is even greater: she’s three years older than the Ginger Whinger but I dread to think what would happen if he referred to her as an “older woman”. You’d have Sussex-crested saucepans flying around the Montecito kitchen before you could say: “Call my lawyer. I’m taking out an injunction on that.” On subject of Harry, some people are saying very darkly that the coverage Sasha has received just proves his point about media intrusion. May I point out that before Harry wrote his book no one outside their immediate circle had heard of Sasha Walpole and it was Harry himself, who yet again intruded on his own privacy? And hers, of course.   In the last nine months, I have got married, moved house, changed my name, cancelled various utility contracts, cancelled my TV licence, got my name put on my new council tax bill, chased up a marriage certificate that took months to arrive and generally have been wallowing in administration hell. I have just come across something that is actually at least five years old, but sums up exactly how I’m feeling: Welcome to (fill in your own here). Please enter your login Now enter yourGateway ID password please Now User ID Government ID please enter a code we’ve texted to your old number There’s a scroll in your garden. Find it. Latin name for fox Your name in Sanskrit 176th digit of Pi... Aargh!  For the last 18 months, I’ve been privileged to attend the beautiful Church of St Bride’s, just off Fleet Street, right, and the journalists’ church, designed by Wren. In fact, I got married there. The pews are decorated with the names of famous journalists, newspapers, newspaper groups and so on, including the Daily Express. Last week I was a bit taken aback to spot two more names engraved on the pews: British American Tobacco and Goldman Sachs. Neither company is known for its God-fearing nature. The names were probably put there quite some time ago, before attitudes to the two changed somewhat but for a moment I had a thought: should the names be taken down? Smoking is a known killer, after all, promoted nonetheless by the tobacco industry, while Goldman Sachs was once memorably described as a “great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money.” But no: my momentary thought was wrong. The names should stay. They are part of the church’s history and times change. As the woke brigade, who go about trying to cancel anything and everything that upsets them, should really try to understand. 