A mother is suing her son's school after they refused her request for her son to be excused from an LGBT pride parade, a court heard. Izzy Montague, 38 said the headteacher of Heavers Farm Primary School in South Norwood, London told her her son could not opt out of the event after Ms Montague sent a letter. Ms Montague, who is Christian, was concerned about her son "being involved in a public display of adherence of views which she did not accept". But the request was refused by the headteacher, the court heard. The court heard that Mrs Montague attended a meeting with Susan Papas in September in which the headteacher's daughter wore a T-shirt with the slogan: 'Why be racist, sexist, homophobic, or transphobic when you could just be quiet?" Judge Christopher Lethem described Ms Montague and her husband as "devout born-again Christians". He told the court: "They bear a belief that sexual relations should be abstained from or take place within a life-long marriage between a man and a woman and any activity outside those confines is sinful. "They also say pride is considered to be the most serious of the deadly sins." Ms Montague, supported by the Christian Legal Centre, is suing the school on the grounds of direct and indirect discrimination, victimisation and breach of statutory duty under the Education Act 1996 and the Human Rights Act 1998. It is the first time a UK court will scrutinise the legality of imposing LGBT ideology on primary schools. Giving evidence at the hearing Ms Montague said she had previous concerns about the types of books the class was reading. READ MORE: Parents on high alert after men 'tried to kidnap' two boys Speaking on the letter regarding the LGBT pride parade she added: "It felt like it was lecturing me about something to do with British values and somehow we weren't adhering to British values." She told the court she felt the letter was trying to "hammer into parents" and "drive them into something that's not happened before". On the school's blog the school described the parade as a "celebration of Pride" in a bid to learn about diversity and tackle bullying. Ms Montague told the court: "Me personally, it's not something I would celebrate. It's not something I would choose to celebrate. "I think it's good the wider community comes together and we learn and live together. "I don't know if you mean celebrate as have a party. It's not something I would attend." Ian Clarke, representing the school asked: "Isn't the school simply using the month of June to celebrate wider issues of diversity and tolerance?" Ms Montague replied: "I believe it's using Pride month and other issues around that time to sell Pride month. "I think you can easily celebrate diversity without even having anything to do with Pride month." Mr Clarke said: 'So, if they did it on May 29 would we all be sat here?' But Ms Montague responded: "If they did any form of celebration of any sexual lifestyles we will still be sat here. "A month that celebrates sexual lifestyles is a problem in any month." The hearing continues.