Prince Andrew reportedly will not have a ceremonial role at King Charles III’s Coronation in May, as he is no longer a working member of the Royal Family. Discussions are said to be taking place over what role the Duke of York could play in the ceremony. However, a recent Express.co.uk poll has shown that over half of readers think he should not be invited at all. Andrew was stripped of the majority of his titles, royal patronages and his hrh status three years ago, but retained the honour of Knight of the Garter. Despite this, the King feels it would be inappropriate to include his younger brother in the ceremony in an official capacity, according to The Mail on Sunday. Garter Knights have traditionally performed significant roles during Coronation ceremonies with four chosen to surround the late Queen Elizabeth II’s Coronation Chair during her anointing in 1953. Sources told the paper that Andrew would not have a symbolic role in the Westminster Abbey ceremony and would not accompany senior royals on the balcony at Buckingham Palace. It is also unclear if Andrew will be permitted to wear his garter robes for the occasion. The King’s Coronation on May 6 will be followed by two days of celebrations, including a concert at Windsor Castle and street parties across the country. READ MORE: Prince Andrew won't have a ceremonial role in King's Coronation In a poll that ran from 3pm on Monday, January 23, until 4pm on Tuesday, February 14, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Prince Andrew be invited to the Coronation?” A total of 6,460 people responded, with the overall result being “no” Andrew should not be invited, receiving 54 percent (3,474 people) of votes cast. Whereas 44 percent (2,857 people) said “yes” he should be invited, and a further two percent (129 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the Duke of York’s role in the Coronation. Many readers commented against Andrew attending the ceremony, with username johnheppell simply writing: “No!” Another, username tomorrowwillbebetter said: “No, Prince Andrew should not be invited and I feel bad saying that given the fact he did serve in the armed forces.” While others argued that neither Andrew, Prince Harry or Meghan Markle should attend. Username Zebun said: “Keep Andrew and Sussexs out. It is King Charles’s Day.” And username aew added: “Andrew, Meghan and Harry should not be at the Coronation. They are not working royals and will only cause trouble, it’s Charles’s day and they will only spoil things.” DON'T MISS: Queen Camilla's crown at coronation will be 'new bejewelled creation' [UPDATE]Harry could turn Coronation into 'new Netflix content' in major risk [LATEST]William 'adamant' he will never speak to Harry again, says expert [INSIGHT] However, other readers thought that Andrew deserved to be present at his brother’s Coronation. Username boogiegk wrote: “Yes, Andrew should be there. It would be wrong to not allow him to be present.” Likewise, username Mazza45 said: “I think Andrew should be there. We shouldn’t take things too far. It is his brother after all.” Username jane53 wrote: “Prince Andrew is his brother, and it’s important he is there with his ex-wife [Sarah Ferguson] and daughters [Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie] and grandchildren too!” Username squirell1 speculated that the late Queen Elizabeth II would have liked for him to be present. They wrote: “There is no reason why he should not attend the Coronation It is what his mother, the dear departed Queen, would have wanted.” Meanwhile, some readers suggested that he attend in a private capacity so that he could support the Firm from the sidelines, like username BristolGal0629, who commented: “Yes, he should but only as a supporting member of His Majesty The King's family not in an official role.” Username SimpleMystic said: “Yes. After all, he is still King Charles's brother but it should be made clear to him that he attends solely as a family member, in a purely private capacity with no special privileges or status.” Similarly, username Almost Dead said: “Sit him at the back, out of the way in a suit. Enter and leave via a side door.” Username Dingledell agreed, writing: “Purely as a non-functioning family member, out of sight, no special privilege.”