Aries If a lazy colleague has been cutting too many corners, be sure they aren’t allowed to get away with this ever again. Insist on everyone going through the proper channels and following the correct code of conduct. You will get more out of a social occasion if you’re able to relax at the same time. Taurus It’s hard to distinguish truth from friction when you’re talking to someone who has a habit of twisting words. Insist that others keep to the point. If you’re trying to determine the rules or legalities of a matter you are dealing with, you need to focus on important details. Gemini Timing is all-important if you need someone’s support. If you try rushing anyone into making a decision it will turn out to be not what is best for you. Be patient, bide your time and you are more likely to get what you are after. Cancer Stick to practical and cautious ways of handling cash and other financial matters. It won’t be a good idea to take risks even if someone you trust is trying to persuade you to do so. Be sensible and concentrate on making what you have go a little further. Leo Someone’s temper is on a short leash. If that someone is you, the best thing you can do is avoid people who irritate you at the best of times. Someone will cross your path at an inconvenient moment. Although you’re tempted to tell them exactly what you think, bite your lips. Virgo People are preparing for disruptions that could come. Those in high places are putting in plans to make sure this is minimised. Your aim will be to encourage harmony within a group concern and to generally boost the spirits of others. Your hopes for a positive outcome are high.  Libra A new job or changes in your existing employment should be looked on as an opportunity and not a nuisance. Learning new skills may be necessary to keep up with the times. A conflict that has been causing you some tension will come to a head and a compromise will be reached. Scorpio Action will be taken to progress a workplace dispute. You could argue all sides of a situation in a way that makes sense to others who are involved and that’s because you can see it from different perspectives. People will admire your communicative skills. Sagittarius Providing you plan well in advance, the day should hold plenty for you to enjoy. Travel and broadening your horizons through education or learning something new are both possibilities. Events connected with someone from a distance could prove fortunate for you in some way.   Capricorn If you are a student or apprentice, you will be learning more through watching how other people work than you would in a classroom situation. A mentor will encourage you to try a skill under their supervision. A team effort will be brought to a pleasing end and you are looking forward to similar projects to come. Aquarius No matter what kind of chores, duties or tasks are planned for today, something or someone will somehow get in the way. This won’t mean things will go wrong but it will mean you won’t get as much done as you first anticipated. Your best approach will be to go with the flow. Pisces What appeals to you most is any chance you might get to add a touch of the unusual into your daily routine. Whether you are travelling for pleasure or on business, there will be some enjoyable moments shared, as you move from A to B.  