Explaining her absence, Good Morning Britain hosts Kate Garraway and Ed Balls confirmed she wouldn't be in her usual seat for the show. Lorraine returned to her usual spot on Monday morning to give an update on how she was feeling and thank her colleague for stepping in. During the link between Good Morning Britain and Lorraine, host Susanna Reid exclaimed: "Lorraine is here at nine, morning!" Keen to find out how she was feeling, Ed, asked: "Are you feeling better Lorraine?" Smiling at the care of her colleagues, Lorraine revealed: "Oh much much better thank you! "Can I say a massive thank you to Ranvir who when I was sent home on Wednesday rushed in and saved the day, thank you so much love, as always absolutely brilliant." READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series Ed teased: "From bed to taxi in two and a half minutes I think," before Lorraine added: "Unbelievable, superwoman." Last week, Kate said: "I think in almost a first in her 30-year-plus history on breakfast TV she's gone home. She's not well. She's got a bug. We're wishing you very well, Lorraine. "Ranvir is to the rescue though. She's on her way in to get herself ready for the show. It's a good job Ranvir didn't say no to coming in and got herself out of bed, otherwise, we wouldn't have a show." Before Ranvir added when she got to the studio: "I got a call from the editor at 7.18 and I was on the train at 7.30," before sending her love and best wishes to the presenter. Lorraine didn't keep her viewers waiting long for an update as she took to her Twitter and revealed: "When you have to be sent home from work early in the morning because you are suddenly attacked by a hideous bug. "[Was] looking forward to interviewing @adamlambert! Beyond disappointed but imagine if I had infected him." Her fans were quick to wish her well when she revealed what was wrong, with colleague Dr Amir Khan writing: "Hope you feel better soon my love x." User @LambritsUK commented: "Oh. Feel your disappointment. But take care of yourself, there’ll be another time to talk to Adam." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [WATCH]Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [LATEST]Prince Harry branded 'delusional' for wanting King Charles apology [INSIGHT] @BarTGila added: "Take care of yourself and get well soon. I am sure Adam will come talk with you at a later date." @JaniceForsyth wished: "Hope you feel much better soon! X." Neal Haith said: "Switched on the TV and just found out- this is not good news! It's a horrible bug, hope you're feeling a lot better soon." Anne Crossland expressed: "Oh, no! Hope you feel better soon!" (sic) On Monday morning, Lorraine was joined by Sanjeev Bashkar to discuss the return of ITV crime drama Unforgotten. The series is returning for its fifth run, with Sinead Keenan stepping into the big boots of Nicola Walker after her character DCI Cassie Stuart died in season four. The synopsis for the first episode reads: "A severed leg is discovered inside a chimney and the team gets to work trying to identify the victim, while Cassie's replacement has a rocky start as she clashes with a grieving Sunny." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.