With only two weeks to go until lights out in Bahrain for the opening race of the 2023 season, there is a buzz of anticipation around the F1 paddock as the teams head to testing. The excitement might not be felt more elsewhere than the Mercedes garage of Lewis Hamilton, who is desperate to get back to challenging Red Bull's world champion Max Verstappen after a dismal campaign in 2022 confirmed his worst ever season in Formula One. But there will be a temptation for Toto Wolff and his Mercedes strategists to sandbag as much as possible when their new all-black W14 car takes to the track in the middle of the Bahrain desert, even if Hamilton is gunning for revenge after watching Verstappen collect the title in the last two seasons. Despite the obvious connotations, the concept of sandbagging has little to do with the granular substance and everything to do with the power of mind games in F1. The two days of running around the Sakhir International Circuit gives teams a more detailed view into where they stand in comparison to other teams on the track. But as F1 commentators are always quick to point out, their pre-season pace can be deceptive. It all comes down to fuel loads, engine modes and tyre choices as the teams try to cram in as much research and data about the cars for the forthcoming campaign. And Hamilton will need to play along if they are to keep Red Bull in the dark about their true potential. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton vows he'll do 'what's necessary' to beat Max Verstappen It is arguably the same tactic which helped put Red Bull out in front a year ago. On the first day of testing in 2022, AlphaTauri's Pierre Gasly set the fastest time while Verstappen didn't even put in any laps at all. By day three, Verstappen pumped in a 1:31.7, which was six tenths faster than his closest challenger Charles Leclerc and a whole 2.3 seconds quicker than his best time from day two. Plenty felt Mercedes were sandbagging in 2022 when they repeatedly suggested porpoising would negatively impact their car and finished in the lower portion of the top 10 - and only in the first race of the season did it become apparent their concerns were genuine. As a result, the Silver Arrows were only too pleased to consign their wretched W13 model to their museum as a reminder of how much they needed to improve. Mercedes finished in third place behind Ferrari last year and a repeat performance would be considered unacceptable, given the team's more promising updates on their progress. But toppling Verstappen and Red Bull - even with a reduction in wind tunnel time after breaching cost cap regulations - remains a tall order. LATEST F1 NEWSToto Wolff gives first details of Lewis Hamilton's new contractLewis Hamilton fires warning to Mercedes team-mate George RussellHamilton and Russell will be worried as Mercedes chief rates W14 The RB19 will be constantly tweaked to match Verstappen's rigorous driving style, while Hamilton and Russell will be forced to get a handle on their car. Even if the initial assessment suggests the W14 will run smoothly out on the asphalt, it may suit the Mercedes duo to mask their true pace until the opening race. Hamilton has already toed the party line, refusing to give too much away after taking the car onto the track at Silverstone: “I wouldn’t say I’m bullish like I was last year, I would say just more cautious,” Hamilton told RaceFans. “Hopefully we hit the ground running, but it’s not always the case. I think we showed last year that whatever we’re faced with, we can recover. So that’s what we’ll try to do this year.” Mercedes know that the value of a piece of inventive engineering can make the difference in a title race, as it proved with their DAS steering system in 2020. But if they top the timing charts next week, other teams will be scrutinising their design closely to try and find the part that gives their car the edge. The team also know the benefit of trying to give their rivals a sense of false security. In 2019, Mercedes essentially conceded their car was inferior to Ferrari's, yet Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas shared the first eight race wins of the season between them. Wolff will only be too glad to try and gain the upper hand on his Red Bull counterpart Christian Horner as the pair prepare for another entertaining exchange of words throughout the season. And if Mercedes downplay their pace this time, their fans will know exactly what to expect in Bahrain at the beginning of March.