Millions of pounds could be owed to hundreds of British homeowners whose property values have been damaged by Japanese knotweed, a British lawyer has revealed. Tom Carter, a lawyer who successfully won a homeowner £300,000 after a landmark ruling on the fast-growing plant, said he is working with hundreds of other cases that could win huge payouts. Marc Davies, an engineer from south Wales won the six-figure sum of money after he sued Bridgend council because the invasive weed had spread into his garden from a derelict railway line. He sued on the basis that the value of his property was affected by the weeds, which he would have to declare if he sold the house. The victory is thought to be a "landmark case", paving the way for hundreds more people to seek damages. Talking to MailOnline, Mr Carter, a Barriser at Ropewalk Chambers, said roughly 300 people he represents, who have been affected by the knotweed, could be paid as much as £10million. He added that he has received about a dozen new cases since the ruling, but admitted the people who have come to him are just a "drop in the ocean". He said the decision surrounding Mr Davies’ case, which was won in the Court of Appeal, "strengthens" the position of claimants. READ MORE: Private Nicola Bulley search begins into 'burial sites' near river "The main defendants are Network Rail and local authorities for nuisance claims for knotweed spreading," he said. "Then sellers who don't declare knotweed when they sell which are misrepresentation cases." He added how the case confirmed that homeowners are able to recover a loss of value caused by the weeds, which come with a lot of stigma even if they are cleared up. Back in 2004, Mr Davies bought his house in Nant-y-moel, Bridgend, initially oblivious to the knotweed plants rapidly growing on council land next to his garden. But years after buying the property, he filed a claim against the council after noticing the weeds growing during his first-ever summer at the property.  Don't miss... Nicola Bulley's friend reveals significant text she received  [LATEST] Home Counties fume at Sadiq Khan over ULEZ plans [LATEST] Local councillor receives ‘offensive’ voicemail about Nicola Bulley [LATEST]  He told Swansea County Court in 2021 he noticed the plants growing at a "phenomenal rate" at the edge of his garden. "From my back garden, looking across council land in the summer, the weed was well established, however in the winter it seemed to all die away," he said. "Knowledge of having Japanese knotweed at the boundary of my property caused me immense distress. "I felt helpless because it was the roots that had encroached under my land, and although Japanese knotweed was touching my boundary I could not physically see its presence on my land."   Judge Andrew Fouracre ruled that the knotweed had caused a "nuisance" by making Mr Davies’ property less enjoyable, but denied a payout for damages on the basis of a value reduction on his house caused by the stigma surrounding the plant. He said the knotweed probably existed there for more than 50 years and spread into his property before he bought it. Mr Davies appealed the case but lost as Judge Neville Beard said his claim was for "pure economic loss", which can’t be recovered in a nuisance case. But during a later appeal to the Court of Appeal, Lord Justice Birrs overturned the previous ruling.   Lord Justice Birrs concluded that the loss of value was "consequential on the nuisance" and recognised there is no law which says "consequential damage to the claimant's economic interests is irrecoverable". During the court case, Mr Carter argued that the knotweed's presence itself constituted damage and that the loss should not be seen as purely economic. Mr Davies was awarded £4,900 but the case is set to cost the council about £300,000 when legal fees are also considered. After the ruling, Mr Carter remarked how if the ruled against the appeal homeowners would have no remedy to stop buyers pulling out because of the knotweed or receive reduced offers.  