King Charles issued a poignant statement marking the first anniversary of the war in Ukraine, sparked on February 24 last year by the invasion of the country ordered by Vladimir Putin, Russia's President. The British monarch, branding Putin's action a "full-scale attack", wrote: "It has now been a year that the people of Ukraine have suffered unimaginably from an unprovoked full-scale attack on their nation. "They have shown truly remarkable courage and resilience in the face of such human tragedy. "The world has watched in horror at all the unnecessary suffering inflicted upon Ukrainians, many of whom I have had the great pleasure of meeting here in the UK and, indeed, across the world, from Romania to Canada." The King referred to a number of engagements he and his wife Queen Camilla carried out over the past 12 months, during which they met war refugees as well as Ukrainians who made Britain their homes years ago. The Queen Consort, then the Duchess of Cornwall, was visibly holding back tears when she met the wife of the Ukrainian Ambassador to the UK, Inna Prystaiko, just weeks after the Russian invasion had started. A few days prior, the then Prince of Wales had condemned in no uncertain terms Putin's actions, as he called the war a "brutal aggression" while delivering a speech marking the new city status of Southen-on-Sea. Most recently, the King met Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky, as he recalled in his new statement. He wrote: "Earlier this month I met President Zelenskyy at Buckingham Palace to express my personal support for the people of Ukraine. "It is heartening that the United Kingdom, along with its allies, is doing everything possible to help at this most difficult time. READ MORE: King Charles to refuse Prince Harry’s one Coronation demand "Therefore, I can only hope the outpouring of solidarity from across the globe may bring not only practical aid, but also strength from the knowledge that, together, we stand united." On Monday, the sovereign headed to a centre where Ukrainian troops become battle ready after a five-week training course by British and inernational partner forces. In the last six months alone, some 10,000 soldiers were trained by these courses held in the UK. Earlier this month, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak pledged to continue this training throughout 2023 as well as expand it to fighter jet pilots, allowing Ukrainians to be able to fly sophisticated NATO-standard fighter jets. King Charles's words and thoughts about the war are clearly shared by the Prince and Princess of Wales. Their Twitter account retweeted the monarch's statement, simply adding to it the emoji of the blue and yellow Ukrainian flag. Prior today, another member of the wider Royal Family, Sarah Ferguson also marked the tragic anniversary. The Duchess of York wrote on Twitter: "Today is the one-year anniversary of Russia’s appalling full-scale invasion of Ukraine. The war has caused the biggest forced migration in Europe since WW2. We must stand by Ukraine and its people until peace returns." In two subsequent tweets, she pledged to continue to help Ukrainians via her non-profit organisation, the Sarah's Trust.