Joe Westerman’s wife has ‘split’ from the disgraced rugby player embroiled in an alleged sex act scandal with another woman, according to reports. Lauren Westerman was sent a copy of an apparently explicit video before it was leaked on social media. Mrs Westerman has allegedly told friends that she is ‘finished’ with their relationship and that there is ‘no coming back’ for the 33-year-old. The pair have three children together. The Castleford Tigers player has apologised for the video that went viral on social media. The 33-year-old has said sorry to his family and has been fined by his club and also ordered by them to complete community service. But Mrs Westerman has now apparently split from the twice-capped England international. JUST IN: Arsenal offer Jesus update for Man City clash as pressure on Nketiah "The marriage is over and he knows that. There's no way you can come back after something so horrific,” Mrs Westerman is alleged to have told friends, according to The Sun. "It is one trillion per cent finished. What kind of example would I be setting to my children - particularly my girls - if I were to give it another go? "I want them to know that this is not alright, that it isn't acceptable behaviour in a relationship and that we all have self-worth. He's text me a few times to say how sorry he is but he knows that there's no coming back from what he's done.” Mr Westerman has apologised in a statement released by his club. Castleford have ordered the loose forward to complete community service, which will include educating “young people on the effects of alcohol” as well as the “dangers of social media when in the public eye”. DON'T MISS...Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta rips into PGMOL apology after VAR farceHarry Kane sent sobering Man Utd warning as Tottenham decision loomsMan Utd in battle with Chelsea for new Caicedo as '£15m bid rejected' "Firstly, I would like to take this opportunity to wholeheartedly apologise to my family and friends for my actions. "I’d also like to apologise to the supporters, sponsors, staff, and directors of Castleford Tigers as well as my team-mates. I’d like to extend this apology to the game of rugby league, and I have realised that I need to work on my decision-making around alcohol.” Mr Westerman, who was also given a substantial fine, was recorded participating in an alleged sex act with a woman in an alleyway. Mrs Westerman furiously confirmed on social media that the woman in the clip was not her. In a series of tweets, she wrote: "Can I make this VERY clear that this is NOT me. We have three children one of whom is almost 15 and she doesn't need to see things like this all over social media!"