Queen Letizia of Spain was a goddess in green today for her latest appearance in Madrid. Her outfit of choice was an embellished emerald gown. The Queen of Spain never fails to impress when it comes to style. Today she stepped out at La Zarzuela Palace to meet with representatives of the Red Cross wearing a green dress. The mid-length gown was emerald green and boasted asymmetrical patterns all over the bodice and skirt. Across the bodice were white swirling patterns, flanked by embroidered panels of light green. READ MORE: Kate's style choice that Diana wouldn't have gone for - pictures The deep V-neckline of the dress was also highlighted with two light green panels, as were the sleeves. The skirt incorporated the same swirling pattern as well as more light green panels. While on the same theme, the bodice and skirt of the dress had slightly different patterns. This accentuated the royal's slim waist, as did the V-neckline and V-shape panels drawing the eyes inwards. Her husband King Felipe stood beside her in a grey pinstripe suit and emerald die which complemented the dress perfectly. Letizia accessorised with a pair of black patent stilettos, which elongated the waist. Jewellery wise she went for her plain gold band, but appeared to have left her favourite piece at home. The Queen of Spain is rarely spotted without her signature ring by Karen Hallam. READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' This is a gold piece fashioned into an asymmetrical gold oval shape. She also wore a pair of silver or diamond ear climber earrings, which she has been spotted wearing before. Even though the Queen resides in sunny Spain, she wrapped up warm in a black coat for the chilly nine degree weather.  This was a mid-length black piece which was short enough to allow the bottom of the dress to just peek through. Letizia's hairstyle was simple yet elegant, worn down by her shoulders, straight with flicked out ends. As for makeup, the Spanish royal went for a subtle pink shimmer lipstick, a sweep of blush and dark eyes with a pop of pink eyeshadow.