When he was the Prince of Wales, King Charles was vocal about his desire for a "slimmed-down" monarchy that would cost less to run. As King, he is finally able to put these plans into practice, throwing the future of royal properties into question.    The monarch is reported to have started with Prince Andrew, who fears he'll be forced out of his £30million home Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park. It was reported by the Daily Mail that in the past few weeks, all members of the Royal Family have been told to expect less money from the Duchy, now owned by King Charles, than in the past. The most obvious victims of these changes will likely be the many royal properties. Aside from the London palaces and the Windsor estate, the King alone has Sandringham, Balmoral, Birkhall, the Castle of Mey, Highgrove, a cottage in Wales plus properties in rural Transylvania. The King has held meetings with Prince William and Sir Michael Stevens, the Keeper of the Privy Purse, about their future use. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures  Balmoral Castle estate: £98.1million Located on a vast 50,000-acre estate, Balmoral has been the Scottish home of the Royal Family since it was purchased for Queen Victoria by Prince Albert in 1852, and includes a whopping 52 bedrooms. According to insiders, King Charles is planning to open the castle to the public so they can tour its hundreds of rooms and view an exhibition paying tribute to his mother's extraordinary 70-year reign. The exhibition would offer an opportunity to display some of the royal jewellery collection and the outfits worn by the Queen at pivotal moments in history. It would also honour her connection to Scotland while making good use of the grounds and maintaining staff numbers at the estate. King Charles is unlikely to require large living quarters in the castle, where the Queen famously spent her summer holidays and is worth an estimated £98.1million.   King Charles inherited Birkhall from the Queen Mother in 2002. Located on the Balmoral estate, it is one of the few places where he is said to feel at home. The house is seven miles from the main castle along the banks of the picturesque River Muick. The property was built in 1715 and acquired by Prince Albert in 1849 alongside the rest of the Balmoral Castle estate. READ MORE: Princess Amalia suffers 'body shaming' during tour - a look at diet  Highgrove: £32.4million Located near Tetbury in Gloucestershire, Highgrove is said to be King Charles's favourite residence. The nine-bedroom Georgian mansion was once home to Maurice Macmillan. This was the son of former Prime Minister Harold Macmillan. The home has beautiful interiors by the late decorator Robert Kime.  Sandringham: £60.7million Sandringham House has been the private home of four generations of British monarchs for more than 160 years and now belongs to King Charles. The property traditionally plays host to royal Christmas celebrations, while the late Queen celebrated the eve of her Platinum Jubilee there just seven months before her death. It was bought in 1862 by the then Prince of Wales, who later became Edward VII, as a private country retreat, before being rebuilt in 1870 to ensure it was big enough for his growing family. The other homes at risk under King Charles's "slimmed-down" monarchy include Prince Andrew's Royal Lodge, the Queen Mother's Castle of Mey, Charles and Camilla's Welsh home Llwynywermod, and also the King's Transylvania cottages. 