A devastated family has paid tribute to an "incredible" mum-of-two who was found dead at her home. Laura Rogers was found unresponsive and entangled in a baby bouncer on May 21 last year. An inquest was held yesterday, February 22, to determine the circumstances surrounding the 33-year-old's death. The inquest at Teesside Coroner's Court heard the mum, from Redcar, suffered from anxiety after giving birth to her two children but had sought help and was prescribed medication, which she responded to quickly. Laura was due to resume her studies at Teesside University, something her family said she was looking forward to.   Her loved ones said they believe her death was an "accident" and that she was committed to her two children, reports Teesside Live. Laura's mother, Nicola, testified at the hearing that she became concerned when she had not heard from Laura on the morning of May 21. She said: "I went to the house but couldn't get in. I rang her friend to see what had happened but she said she left Laura at about 12 and said everything was ok. I went back home but knew something wasn't right."  The inquest heard Laura's friends were contacted by Nicola, and they managed to break into the property on Harwich Close and found Laura unresponsive. A post-mortem examination was carried out by pathologist Dr David Scoones, and toxicology results found alcohol and cocaine in Laura's system. Assistant coroner for Teesside and Hartlepool, Karin Welsh, told the family she would not record a suicide verdict as she was not satisfied Laura had any intention to take her own life. She also referred to Laura's commitment to her children and her midwifery studies. Recording a narrative conclusion, assistant coroner Welsh said: "I am going to record that Laura was found entangled in a baby bouncer. It's a long time since I've been in court with this many people, and I think that encapsulates everything that Laura meant to you all. "I hope the end of our involvement brings some peace to you as a family."  Laura's family paid tribute to the beloved mum after the inquest. In a heartfelt statement, they said: "In the early hours of 21st May 2022, we lost our beautiful Laura, and our lives have not been the same since. "She was the most incredible mum and loved her girls more than anything, family and friends meant the world to her; she brightened the lives of those who loved her, and she loved back unconditionally. "She had the absolute best sense of humour and nothing was too much trouble for her. She was selfless, loyal, and supportive, and everything was better when she was around. "Laura is so very dearly and painfully missed every single day by everyone whose lives she touched, and we remain so immensely proud of our girl and all she achieved." 