A pub landlady bought a bungalow three years ago with a dream of growing old in the idyllic property overlooking the North Sea. However, just a few years later Mandy Jephcote, 58, fears her £75,000 home may slip off the cliff as she began to watch her garden fall away.   Over three years, the pub landlady fears her home has become worthless as she watched in horror as her front garden slowly fell into the sea, while her home inches closer towards the cliff edge. The homeowner has spoken about the recent “scary” storm as she worries more of her garden will topple over the edge. Mandy, 58, told MailOnline of the latest storm: “The waves were so loud on Friday I thought I was going to end up in the sea. They were crashing into the cliff all night long. “It was so scary. I huddled up with my dogs and prayed. I didn’t get to sleep until dawn. READ MORE: Trump blasts DeSantis’ record on elderly and welfare “And in the morning I found out I had lost ten foot of my garden into the sea. “In fact in the past year, I have lost 20-foot of my garden. It was 40-foot long when I bought the property. Now it’s barely 20-foot. The rest has gone over the cliff." Mandy told the publication that she had always wanted to retire to the ‘Marrams’, the stunning clifftop community in Hemsby. She explained: “I used to bring my three daughters to Hemsby when they were little. In fact it was the only place we ever went on holiday. So it was always my dream to have a house on the Marrams. DON'T MISSKate and William wise to Harry and Meghan's 'mission of destruction' [UPDATE]Sainsbury's axing Argos depots with 1,400 jobs to go [INSIGHT]Greta Thunberg protests against wind farms despite green stance [REVEAL] “But now I don’t know how long I can last year. “I love it here but it’s scary. I don’t know how long I will be able to stay.” The pub landlady is just one of countless residents who have expressed their fears over the homes coming dangerously close to the cliff's edge. The Environment Agency said it understood “how distressing the situation” was for residents and it was supporting the council to minimise the impact on the community. It said it was providing advice and guidance to the local authorities who lead on planning and managing coastal erosion.