Three women and a man have been raced to hospital after what they described as a brutal attack by a pair of bulldogs amidst a busy beach. Marie Hay and her two daughters were walking their Siberian husky on the seafront in Redcar, Yorkshire, on February 5, when the vicious dogs assaulted them, they claimed. Cleveland Police, who confirmed that the victims were hospitalised, are appealing for information about the alleged dog attack. Marie said her dog, Naevia, required life-saving treatment, which may have racked them up a vet's bill of up to £14,000. Marie told Teesside Live that she was taking Naevia to Redcar beach for the first time on Sunday, along with two of her daughters. The mum-of-three was looking forward to letting her six-year-old pup have a paddle in the sea - but the day quickly turned to horror when, just before 3pm, Marie claimed that two dogs jumped on her husky. Marie said: [The] dog came over and sniffed my dog and then done a little scuffle and made a noise and then just jumped on her and bit her face and wouldn't let go. "They didn't have harnesses or leads, nothing at all. So there was no way of grabbing them to get them off." But police have confirmed the dog's owners, a couple who were at the beach with their two daughters, have made counter-claims against her statements. As the dogs, who Marie said weren't wearing any collars or harnesses, approached Naevia, their owner called out to her that they were "friendly", moments before one of them was said to have launched at her.   Marie estimates that the incident lasted for around 10 minutes, with group of people visiting the beach trying to pin the dogs to floor, getting injured themselves in the process. She added that the dogs "kept coming and coming and coming" and punctured Naevia so badly it was "almost like an autopsy." Detailing the injuries to her dog, she said: "She's had to be fully shaved, she's got multiple lacerations on her face, on her neck she's got multiple bite wounds where they've gone for the kill. She's got bite marks down her back legs and back side, a slash underneath her armpit where the dog literally was playing tug of war with her leg and trying to pull her leg off." Her insurance covers just £4,000 of the estimated £14,000 vet bill the mum-of-three is now facing. She has launched a GoFundMe page, which has nearly reached its £10,000 goal. The four who were taken to hospital were primarily treated for injuries affecting their hands. READ MORE: Savage boyfriend murdered mum-of-two and dumped her body by a bin [REVEAL]  A spokesperson for Cleveland Police said: "Police were called to the beach near the caravan park at Redcar just after 3pm on Sunday, 5th February to a report of a dog attack by two bulldog-type pets on a husky. "Officers attended the scene and took initial details including a counter allegation from the bulldogs’ owner. It’s understood at least one dog received veterinary treatment and a man and three women attended hospital for treatment - primarily for hand injuries."  "Police have already spoken to a number of independent witnesses but would appeal for anyone who saw the incident or who may have footage of it to contact Cleveland Police on 101, quoting ref 022669." DON'T MISS: Forensics expert casts doubt over theory Nicola Bulley fell in river [REVEAL]Alarming rise of dog attacks and map that shows incidents in your area [INSIGHT]Police seal off Epsom College rifle range after headteacher found dead [ANALYSIS]