An evacuation order has been issued in a US town after a 50-car train derailment resulted in a large fire on Friday night. About 50 cars were derailed in East Palestine, Ohio, which is located near the Pennsylvania state line. There was no immediate information about what caused the derailment. No injuries have been reported so far but the fire is still raging. Firefighters have been pulled from the immediate area and unmanned stream devices are being used protectively while crews try to determine which cars are still actively burning, village officials said in a separate statement Saturday. They said they hoped to use drones to assess the scene in daylight, and warned that residents might hear more explosions as the fire burns. Billows of smoke lit orange by the flames engulfed the area. The village notified residents that an evacuation order remained in place Saturday morning for people within a mile of the scene. A high school and community center were opened to shelter dozens of people, while residents beyond that radius were urged to stay inside. The few dozen residents sheltering at the high school included Ann McAnlis, who said a neighbor had texted her about the crash. “She took a picture of the glow in the sky from the front porch,” McAnlis told WFMJ-TV. “That’s when I knew how substantial this was.” READ MORE: Watch 'hero' barber pull driver from inferno before car disappears beneath flames Mayor Trent Conaway told reporters that firefighters from three states responded. The derailment happened about 51 miles (82 kilometers) northwest of Pittsburgh and within 20 miles (32 kilometers) of the tip of West Virginia’s Northern Panhandle. Freezing temperatures in the single digits complicated the response as trucks pumping water froze, Conaway said. Hazmat crews also responded to the scene to determine whether hazardous materials were involved, and air quality in the area is being monitored, officials said. Authorities are yet to determine what, if any chemicals are burning in the 50 tankers that derailed and caught fire near the town before 9pm on Friday. DON'T MISSTeacher, 30, arrested for having sex with girl, 13 [REPORT]Chinese aircraft 'intentionally' flew over US airspace [LATEST]Award-winning professor charged with dealing meth [INSIGHT] But they are not taking any risks. Residents in a one mile radius are under a mandatory evacuation, those who have not evacuated, are being asked to shelter in place. Norfolk Southern said it has personnel on-site coordinating with first responders. The fire created so much smoke that meteorologists from the region said it was visible on weather radar. One local described the scenes as as "hellish landscape" on Twitter.  “Not many people have seen this in their history, in their careers as firefighters... you can train for it, but you really can't train for something this big," Mayor Conoway told local reporters. Train cars are still burning and explosions can be heard. The fire department has put unmanned ground monitors in place to provide information to emergency officials for now.