Major supermarket Aldi has issued a recall on a tofu product. To ensure the safety of customers, the supermarket and Food Standards Agency (FSA) have outlined the correct course of action for those affected. Product details Plant Menu Organic Super Firm Tofu Pack size: 200g Use by: April 13, 2023 and April 14, 2023 READ MORE: Kate shared the grown-up snack that Princess Charlotte 'loves'  The FSA stated: "Aldi is recalling Plant Menu Organic Super Firm Tofu because of a temperature control issue that could potentially spoil the product, which may be unsafe to eat. "The issue only affects product sold at a limited number of Aldi stores in the Midlands. "Aldi is recalling the above product from affected stores only. Point of sale notices will only be displayed in affected Aldi stores that are selling this product. "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product." Aldi's point of sale notice reads: "As a precautionary measure, we are recalling affected batches of this product from a limited number of stores in the Midlands due to an isolated temperature control issue. "Customers who purchased this product from affected stores are asked to return it, where a full refund will be given. "A full list of impacted stores is available on our website at www.aldi.co.uk/product-notices." For further information, customers can contact Aldi's customer service on 0800 042 0800 or at help.aldi.co.uk. READ MORE: Handy food storage hack for preserving bread - 'lasts 6 times longer' The FSA echoed this advice: "If you have bought the above product do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the Aldi store from where it was bought for a full refund. "A full list of affected stores is available on the Aldi website at Product Notices (aldi.co.uk). "For further information please visit help.aldi.co.uk or contact customer services on 08000420800." Food recalls rarely happen, but must be taken seriously when they do. The FSA stated: "If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. "In some cases, a 'Food Alert for Action' is issued. This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers."