Manchester United captain Harry Maguire managed to win back the support of some fans following the Carabao Cup final after ignoring Avram Glazer. The co-chairman was last in attendance for a United match in August of last year when they were beaten 2-1 by Brighton. The Red Devils were victorious in front of the owners this time around though, beating Newcastle 2-0 in a professional, dominant display. The cup success was a clear indicator of the progress that the club have made under Erik ten Hag in such a short amount of time, and the former Ajax boss will be hoping that he will be lifting more trophies this season. Casemiro opened the scoring for United in the 33rd minute after he rose highest to steer his header past Loris Karius and into the back of the net. Marcus Rashford then managed to double his side’s lead, with the help of a deflection from Sven Botman, just six minutes later to put the game to bed before half-time. The United players were overjoyed after the full-time whistle had sounded, soaking up the celebrations with supporters on their way to the balcony to collect their winner’s medal. Maguire was one of the first to gather for the trophy ceremony and the England international blatantly ignored the Glazers after shaking hands with other club officials. The former Leicester City star spoke with Richard Arnold upon his arrival at the balcony before walking towards the Carabao officials to discuss receiving the trophy. Maguire did not even glance at Avram Glazer, who was clapping at the time, and it is unclear whether the defender knew where he was stood or if he purposefully ignored him. Though United fans believed that the 29-year-old was taking a stand with his actions. One Twitter user said: “I have a newfound respect for Maguire for blanking Glazer when going to lift the trophy.” Another added: “Maguire walked straight past Avram Glazer without shaking hands… won’t hear another bad word about him.” Others called the centre-back the 'GOAT' despite his minimal influence on the pitch. The defender has hardly featured for United under Erik ten Hag this season, with his performances in the previous campaign prompting the manager to replace him with Lisandro Martinez over the summer. The ex-Hull defender has made just 10 Premier League appearances for the Red Devils to date, starting half of those matches and leading many to believe that it is only a matter of time before he is sold to fund further incomings.