Kansas City Chiefs star Patrick Mahomes is one of the greatest players in the NFL, and has a huge net worth to accompany his talent. Mahomes could one day retire as one of the greatest to ever play in the league, and he will certainly finish as one of the richest. Mahomes has a net worth of $50million according to Forbes' 2022 rich list of athletes, and his finances don't just come from his annual salary. In 2020, Mahomes penned the largest NFL contract of all-time, signing for an extra 10 years with the Chiefs. The quarterback signed a ten-year extension worth $477m with another $26m in potential bonuses for a total of $503m. As a result, Mahomes placed 24th in the Forbes’ 2022 list of richest athletes, with the company calculating his earnings at $49.1m. Of that total, $29.1m came from football alone, with the rest all coming from his many endorsements. With Mahomes being one of the most brandable players in the NFL, and their favourable golden boy, it's clear to see why so many companies want a piece of the Chiefs quarterback. Forbes have listed his current endorsement list, as Mahomes works with Adidas, Airshare, BioSteel, Bose, CommunityAmerica Credit Union, DIRECTV, Electronic Arts, GEHA, Hy-Vee, Molson Coors Brewing, Nestlé, Oakley, Panini, Procter & Gamble, State Farm and Whoop. Mahomes changed the sporting world by becoming the first athlete to sign a contract worth half a billion, although that's since been surpassed by Lionel Messi at Paris Saint Germain. But Mahomes has already began to invest his money too, and he's stayed close to home. The quarterback has really invested back into the Kansas City area, buying into Kansas City’s other pro sports franchises such as the Kansas City Royals in Major League Baseball, Sporting KC in Major League Soccer and even KC Current in the National Women’s Soccer League. Mahomes' wife, Brittany, has been a member of the KC Current ownership group since the team was established. Although the total of Mahomes' stakes haven't been officially disclosed or validated, his investment in MLB side Royals made him the youngest team owner in the history of the sport. And he's not just stopped there when it comes to bringing more to the Kansas area. In 2021, Mahomes became an investor in a group to expand the Whataburger fast food restaurant franchise to both Missouri and Kansas. Mahomes is already adored by Chiefs fans and those in Kansas, and it's clear to see why. Mahomes is also hailed for his humble attitude, as even after signing his huge contract extension he said: "I haven’t bought anything… I feel exactly the same… I’m going to be the same person I was before I got the contract and before I got to the NFL." The quarterback has since been seen in a Ferrari 812 Superfast worth $338,000, but who can blame him. Mahomes doesn't just invest in projects with financial gain though, as in 2019 he set up a nonprofit organization called the '15 and the Mahomies Foundation. Their website states that it is "dedicated to improving the lives of children" and Mahomes was named in Time Magazine's 100's list of most influential people in 2020.