A new mum had both her hands and feet amputated after going into septic shock - a condition triggered by the C-section delivery of her child. Krystina Pacheco, 29, gave birth to daughter Amelia on October 24, 2022, with the birth described as “uneventful” at first. But two days later when she was discharged from the hospital, Ms Pacheco, from Pleasanton, Texas, said she started feeling feverish. She assumed it was just part of her recovery post-C-section and was given ibuprofen by a nurse, before later being sent to an emergency room. Doctors then discovered she was in septic shock - caused by an infection after the procedure. She was then airlifted to a hospital in San Antonio. Ms Pacheco spent two weeks in intensive care breathing through a tube then was told before Thanksgiving that poor blood flow to her hands and feet had caused enough damage for amputation to be required. Ms Pacheco’s legs were amputated at her knees and her arms at the elbow. “My hands and feet were black. They looked like a person who had gotten frostbite," she told ABC 7. The mum-of-two said her medical team "tried to do everything they could" to "avoid having to amputate”. After undergoing the double amputation, she also had to have a dozen skin grafts to repair the damaged skin on her limbs. "They didn't want to tell us how close she was [to death] but you could see it in their faces every time I asked," Jacob Pacheco, her husband said. READ MORE: Jill Biden says 'Joe’s just not done’ ahead of 2024 launch He added that doctors at the time gave his wife a 20 percent survival rate. Septic shock is the most dangerous stage of sepsis, which occurs when your body has an extreme response to infection. According to the National Institutes of Health, "without quick treatment, it can lead to tissue damage, organ failure, and even death." In septic shock, the body has dangerously low blood pressure. Risk factors include recent infection or surgical procedure. In Ms Pacheco's case, the condition began to affect her heart, lungs and kidneys, according to Mr Pacheco. The mum was finally allowed to go home on February 11 - nearly four months since she'd given birth. After more rehabilitation, Ms Pacheco will be able to receive prostheticsm but she is mainly excited to catch up on lost time with her baby daughter. “That's one of the things that does break my heart a little bit still and that I'm working through is that mommy guilt of not being able to be with my baby every day for her first three months of her life,” Ms Pacheco added. “But you know, I'm home now and we're making those adaptations as we go and we're adjusting and being a little family again.”