 Host of ITV’s Starstruck, Olly Murs, delighted fans when he jokingly revealed a “tattoo” of one of the show’s judges Jason Manford, before swiftly continuing with the show. However, on Twitter Olly revealed the real aftermath of his joke as he had to get help from a crew member to fix his trousers.  During Saturday’s episode of Starstruck, three talented women were put into Team Christina to perform their rendition of Christina Aguilera’s Fighter. After an incredible performance, applauded by all four judges, one of the singers revealed she was such a big Christina fan that she got the singer’s image tattooed on her arm. With this revelation, Olly had a confession himself as he added: “I actually have a tattoo of my idol on me. Do you want to see it?” With some applause sounding off, the Troublemaker singer lifted his trouser leg and, with a bit of difficulty, revealed a “tattoo” of Jason Manford on his right calf. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes at loggerheads with wife Ruth Langsford as she refuses his Belfast move plan  On the show, Olly exclaimed: “Just for you sir!” as laughter echoed throughout the venue. The segment was edited to show Olly returning to his hosting duties after the gag, but the singer exposed what happened afterwards. The singer posted a short behind-the-scenes clip from the show on Twitter, simply captioned: “Keep watching… the bit they didn’t show tonight” In the clip, Olly awkwardly rushed about trying to put his trouser leg back down as he quickly pleaded: “Can someone help me put my leg back down?”  The Witham-born singer could be heard straining to pull his trousers back into place but they would not budge an inch. Olly’s idol, Jason, offered some assistance, glancing at some of the show’s crew members saying: “Can we get some help please for Olly’s calves?” The judging panel burst into laughter as the host continued to struggle, with judge Adam Lambert adding: “It’s a good thing we’re not live.” All the while, Team Christina, made up of contestants Beth, Michelle and Megan, were still on stage awaiting more critiques from the judges.  As a crew member joined Olly on stage, the singer lay down on the floor and pressed himself into a push-up position as the woman rushed to fix his wardrobe malfunction. With his scandalous calves covered, the musician jumped straight back into his hosting role as if nothing happened, exclaiming: “Welcome back to Starstruck!” Sharing the clip with his six million fans, many were quick to comment on the star’s obviously fake tattoo and the hilarity of the situation he had put himself in. CeeCee1973 wrote in the comments: “That's not b****y real.. Good though!!!”  Katieelizabethx shared this sentiment, adding: “You and your fake tattoos.” Lauragwales gushed over the Up singer writing: “Someone didn’t miss leg day lol x." Olly is no stranger to fake tattoos as he has used them in a few pranks over the years, most recently in October. The singer showed off a “tattoo” of his fiancee’s name, Amelia, on his cheek, and captured her reaction in a TikTok video as he tried to convince her it was real. However, Amelia seemingly conned on to his game as she giggled and simply told him: “It better f***ing not be.”