One of the first UK aid flights containing supplies worth £350,000 departed from Heathrow airport to Turkey on Tuesday. The emergency chartered Virgin Atlantic cargo-only flight departed from London Heathrow for Adana on Tuesday, carrying clothes, blankets and almost a tonne of infant milk powder.  Watford-based humanitarian aid charity Goods for Good worked with partners Magen David Adom UK and the Humanitarian Resources International Foundation to secure an aircraft from Virgin Atlantic. The Turkish Government’s Aid Agency, AFAD will be handling the shipment on the ground. More than 35,000 people have died after devastating earthquakes struck Turkey and Syria. Daniel Burger, CEO of Magen David Adom UK said, “The UK public has made a heartfelt and generous response to those affected by the Turkey-Syria earthquake but it is vital those donations turn into aid as quickly as possible to help those in need.   “The response by all the charities involved to turn around such a huge aid operation so quickly has been an incredible effort and we’d like to thank all those involved for making this happen.” Rosalind Bluestone, chief executive of Goods for Good, said she was “overwhelmed” with the response of UK companies – saying they had been “inundated” with offers of help from businesses such as Hobbycraft, Next and Uniqlo. Several charities are coming forward to help those who have been affected by the earthquake. Shai Weiss, CEO at Virgin Atlantic, said: “The loss of life and scenes of destruction in Turkey and Syria following the earthquake are truly devastating. READ MORE: MiGs scrambled over Romania due to 'surveillance balloon'  “We are doing all we can to support the relief effort and are pleased to once again partner with MDA UK to transport vital supplies to the region. “Virgin Atlantic and its partners are united in the belief that business can be a force for good and we will continue to stand ready should further opportunities arise.” Aviation Minister Baroness Vere said: “The magnitude of recent earthquakes in Turkey and Syria is beyond comprehension. “With sub-zero temperatures compounding the devastation, millions of people across the region continue to lack access to shelter and warmth. DON'T MISS:Investigation launched into UK’s response to migrant boat tragedy  [REVEAL]Police warn expats after huge wave of robberies in Spain [INSIGHT]New Brexit deal likely to be announced in next fortnight [FORTNIGHT] “That’s why the UK has sent thousands of life-saving items to Turkey and north-west Syria, including tents, thermal blankets and hygiene kits.” Meanwhile, the British Red Cross, Oxfam and ActionAid are among the charities to have joined together to raise money for the many injured and homeless, whose lives have been devastated by the natural disaster. The appeal by a collection of aid agencies was launched by the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) and broadcast on television on Thursday evening. DEC said donations have reached £52.8m till Thursday evening. The total includes a contribution from the UK government, which had pledged to match the first £5m raised. On Thursday evening, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak helped to pack the supplies at a donation centre supporting the appeal.. He said: “As a dad, watching parents try and find their young children in the rubble, is heart-breaking. "We will do everything that we can to help Turkey." The Scottish government has also contributed an amount of £500,000. 