New data from charity Citizens Advice also revealed that around 2.7 million households are living in draughty rented properties which costs the average private tenant an extra £350 in heating bills. Mould tends to grow in damp and humid conditions where there is a lack of ventilation. Many UK households also tend to experience signs of mould growth during the colder months when condensation is at its highest. Black mould can cause serious health conditions if it's left untreated in people's homes. Even a small patch of mould, which may not appear to be serious, can escalate and create a harmful environment to live in. While there are products available to banish mould, many of these include strong chemicals which can smell unpleasant. With this in mind, interior experts have shared the best homemade natural remedies for banishing black mould from homes. READ MORE: ‘Fluff up’ hard towels in the washing machine using common £1 staple Simple solutions such as water and white vinegar or bicarbonate of soda, are some of the most effective ways to treat black mould without spending a fortune on branded cleaning products. Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms.co.uk said: “It’s worrying how many people have experienced issues of dampness and mould in their home, and this problem is getting worse year upon year. "It's shocking that this number has now reached over a million households, which means more people will start to experience issues with mould growth. “The rising living costs are also making it costly to keep buying bottles of branded products to get rid of the problem so we wanted to find simple homemade remedies which can be made using few ingredients. DON'T MISSFive ‘dangerous’ log burner mistakes you need to ‘avoid’ [INSIGHT]Five ‘big mistakes’ made when washing bed sheets [UPDATE]38p item ‘miraculously’ removes ‘impossible’ yellow toilet seat stains [ANALYSIS] “We urge every household to look in the corners of their home and inside their wardrobes for signs of growth, even if it’s a few small dots - it can grow quickly. “If the problem doesn’t go away after repeatedly cleaning with homemade remedies, we recommend calling in professionals to check the building conditions as it may be down to external issues.” Five homemade solutions to get rid of black mould: Mix a solution of distilled white vinegar with water in a spray bottle and use it on areas covered in black mould. If the spray is used within wardrobes, take all the clothes out and keep the doors open to allow air to circulate. Make sure to wipe it off after with a clean damp cloth. READ MORE: 38p item ‘miraculously’ removes ‘impossible’ yellow toilet seat stains Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Remember to wear protective gloves when dealing with cleaning products to get rid of mould. Also known as bicarbonate of soda, use one-third of this baking ingredient and two-thirds water to remove black mould. Scrub it into the surface where the mould is and spray it off afterwards with water and wipe it down. This is useful for removing mould growing around windows where condensation is repeatedly present. Bleach is a great way to clean a plethora of different things. However, it's important to balance out this strong product with water, especially when it comes to mould. Nic said: "It can clean up the mould after spraying the solution and leaving it to settle for four hours, but if the mould has deeper roots, it’s wise to call in the professionals." Nic said: "The anti-frugal properties of tea tree oil make it an extremely effective tool against mould growth. "Mix it with water and spray it on the areas most infected. It’s also one of the better solutions to deal with deeper internal growth as it directly targets the fungus." This isn't a well-known cleaner but the natural remedy will remove mould while leaving a pleasant scent. Use the extract with water to scrub off mould in tight corners and ceilings. Use drops of the extract mixed in a cup of water and leave it for just "10 minutes" before cleaning it off.