Chelsea youngster Callum Hudson-Odoi has opened up on his future with the Blues while out on loan at Bayer Leverkusen. With co-owner Todd Boehly expected to thin out the squad this summer, Hudson-Odoi has admitted that he hasn't spoken to his parent club whatsoever over the past few weeks. The 22-year-old was one of the most promising youngsters to emerge from Chelsea's esteemed academy when he broke through in 2018. Interest from German giants Bayern Munich persuaded the Blues to hand him a bumper long-term deal just a year later, although his career has not kicked on in the way many thought it would. With only 15 Premier League appearances to his name last campaign, the Blues allowed Hudson-Odoi to leave on loan during the summer and he has featured regularly under manager Xabi Alonso at Leverkusen. Questions remain over the youngster's Chelsea future after Boehly spent big on fellow wingers Noni Madueke and Mykhaylo Mudryk during the January transfer window. The Blues are expected to auction off multiple stars during the summer with their wave of new acquisitions bloating the squad. DON'T MISS: Arsenal face Youri Tielemans dilemma after Erik ten Hag gesture Hudson-Odoi could be among those sold and when asked about his future, he worryingly told reporters: "I'm not sure. I haven't spoken to [Chelsea] much really. I haven't spoken to them at all, so for me it's all about the fact that I'm here and all I can focus on right now is what I can do for the team. "What happens in the future, we don't know. I'm in a different place and a different country, it's good for me to get out there and just enjoy myself and play football again. The [Leverkusen] project sounded very suited to me and I wanted to come here and play football. READ MORE...Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandLeeds 'may yet return' for Loftus-Cheek after Jesse Marsch interestWest Ham 'decide stance on sacking David Moyes' after Tottenham defeat "I don't know this country and city as well as London. I know everywhere around London so I know where to go for dinner, somewhere to relax or go to the movies, but I've come here just for football and that's been my main goal since coming here." Although Hudson-Odoi has played frequently with Leverkusen, his output has left plenty to be desired with just one goal and one assist in 20 competitive appearances across all competitions. Even so, Arsenal are reportedly tracking his situation with a view to taking him off Chelsea's hands in the summer. Stamford Bridge may not be the most enticing environment for Hudson-Odoi to come back to once his loan stint at Leverkusen concludes, with manager Graham Potter under intense pressure after a dismal run of results. Chelsea currently sit 10th in the Premier League, as close to the bottom three as they are to the top four. Next up for the Blues is a trip to Tottenham on Sunday, while Hudson-Odoi could be in action against Monaco in the Europa League this week.