Women's health expert Dr Catherine Hood from Hada Labo Tokyo exclusively shared with Express.co.uk the top beauty tips to "instantly look younger" as the face experiences "crucial changes in your 40s". Some lifestyle factors such as a healthy diet, less pollution and more sleep can help "roll back the years" but according to the expert, some tricks work for "instant youthfulness". According to the expert, wearing a ponytail is a well-known hack to achieve a younger appearance. She explained: “Long hair? Try brushing it back into a high ponytail as this also slightly pulls the facial skin back. It’s essentially like a facelift, with just a simple brush and tie!” In fact, pulling the hair up into a high ponytail that can be seen from the front tightens facial features and emphasizes the eyes, eyebrows and cheekbones. Dr Catherine Hood's golden rule is to always choose products that "pack in plenty of benefits". READ MORE: Woman breastfeeding her eight-year-old daughter says she won't stop “Hyaluronic acid, a liquid found naturally in the body, has been shown to help reduce wrinkles, enhance hydration, improve firmness and elasticity, and even help to manage eczema. As we age, our natural levels of hyaluronic acid decline very fast." Women over 40 should be using moisturisers packed with five types of hyaluronic acid in order to lock moisture into the skin and prevent dehydration for plumper, smoother skin. "Apply hyaluronic acid morning and evening as part of your skincare regime," the skincare expert recommended. The doctor explained that the skin heals as you sleep, so using the right night-specific cream is key to waking up rejuvenated.  She also revealed that night creams differ from day creams as they help the skin repair, so using the same moisturiser in the morning and before bed is a mistake. “Day creams are often aimed at protecting skin against the elements that it might encounter during the day," she explained. Dr Catherine Hood recommended "stepping outside for a lunchtime walk if you can; not only is the fresh air good for skin, helping it to breathe and open pores, allowing more oxygen in, but it can help lower stress levels too". “When we’re inside, our skin is subjected to indoor air pollution, and this can settle on our skin, causing dirt to build up. We might also be squinting at screens which can lead to lines, especially around the eyes." She also pointed out that stress can heavily impact the health of our skin. READ MORE: Look younger by adding 'ultimate' essentials to your winter style Boosting the blood circulation to the face helps avoid "tight, saggy skin". Facial exercises, also known as facial massages, "help to lift and brighten the muscles in our face for an instant youth boost," she said. The expert recommended trying the following exercises: Suck your cheeks in, hold for 10 seconds, and then release. Repeat this five to 10 times to help lift cheek muscles. For the muscles around your mouth, pucker your lips as tightly as you can, hold for 10 seconds, and then release. Repeat this five times. To wake up muscles in the forehead and around the eyes, open your eyes as wide as possible, lifting the eyebrows. Hold for two seconds, then scrunch the forehead and eyes. Hold for another two seconds. Repeat these movements five times each. The skin expert explained that enjoying some "me time" can help to lower stress and calm the mind and the body, in turn helping the skin to relax. She advised women over 40 to take time away from screens, practice meditation or simply sit and read a few pages of a good book. "Whilst you’re relaxing, give your skin some extra love with a sheet mask," she suggested as it "doubles the levels of skin hydration, leading to a tighter, brighter, and smoother complexion and a more youthful appearance". The expert also shared the number one mistake and explained that although it may be tempting to try and cover pores and imperfections with a thick layer of foundation, "this can often have the opposite effect of what you’re trying to achieve". Foundation can nestle into wrinkles and crevices, accentuating them even more. Instead, women should opt for a lighter foundation and wear a primer underneath so it stays in place.