Manchester United are without three players for today’s Premier League clash with Leicester. The Red Devils go into the game looking to boost their chances of title glory. They currently trail Arsenal by eight points at the top of the table following the Gunners’ stirring 4-2 victory over Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon. Manchester United have been resurgent this season and beat Leicester 1-0 earlier in the season, with Jadon Sancho scoring the only goal of the game. Yet the Red Devils have been dealt a blow with three players to miss out against the Foxes on Sunday. Anthony Martial, Antony and Harry Maguire weren’t spotted arriving with the rest of the squad. Martial has spent more time on the sidelines this term than on the pitch, much to Ten Hag’s frustrations. That’s led to talk of United potentially jettisoning the forward at the end of the season, amid interest in Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen. Antony, while not always setting the world alight, has done well enough since his summer arrival from Ajax. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford But he’s another player to miss the game against Leicester, having also been absent for recent matches against Leeds and Barcelona. Maguire is a surprise absentee, however. The England international wasn’t mentioned as having any issues in Ten Hag’s pre-match press conference. But with the former Leicester star not arriving with the rest of the squad, it seems like he’ll be watching on from home. United have, however, received a boost with Scott McTominay poised to feature. The Scotland international hasn’t played for the club since the 3-2 defeat to Arsenal on January 22. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And with Casemiro suspended, United at least have their No 39 ready to step up if needed. Speaking ahead of United’s clash with Leicester, Ten Hag admitted he was impressed by the Foxes and the work Brendan Rodgers has done at the King Power Stadium. “It was already September when we faced them, but it was a good team,” said the 53-year-old. “They were, at that time, in a bad period but you could already see there were good touches, it’s a decent team. “They played well, they pressed high, so they are brave. I liked them, the way they played, so it will be a real battle, once again. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We have to be ready for the battle. We have to be good to win that fight.” And he added: “Yeah, it’s every time the same: focus on the next game and not looking too far ahead at what’s coming up. “The next game is the most important and again: it’s a big game, Leicester, because they are a good opponent who have good players. “It’s a good team. It’s working as a team. You have to be good and we have to focus on that.” Leicester boss Rodgers, meanwhile, is glad his side won’t have to face Casemiro. “I look at Manchester United and see the introduction of new players, if you think of (Christian) Eriksen, (Lisandro) Martinez, really outstanding players,” he said. “In Casemiro, they have a real world-class player. He’s that comforting player for them. “He’s got the experience, he’s got the quality, he’s got everything, he’s always calm, how he plays is at a high level. Thankfully for us, he’s not playing, he’s suspended. He’s given them a real stabilising effect. “Erik (ten Hag) and his coaching team, they’ve given them good organisation. Then they have a collective group of outstanding players. “They have done very well and are up there competing and played a good game last night [against Barcelona]. “I think their record at home shows they’re a difficult team to play against.”