Want to find out how to watch Arsenal vs Man City online or on your television? We’ve got all of the details on the hotly-anticipated Premier League clash at the Emirates tonight. Kick-off is scheduled at 7.30pm GMT tonight (Wednesday February 15, 2023) with coverage starting from 6.30pm GMT exclusively on Prime Video in the UK. You'll need an Amazon Prime membership to stream all of the drama from the Emirates. Amazon offers a 30-day free trial for its popular Prime membership – so you can stream Arsenal vs Manchester City live without paying. Cancel anytime during the free trial period and you'll pay nothing. The latest Premier League match, which kicks off at 7.30pm in the Emirates tonight (15/02/23), is one of 20 matches set to be broadcast on the Prime Video streaming service throughout the 22/23 season. The full match, as well as pre- and post-match analysis, will be streamed exclusively via Prime Video. Yes, unfortunately, it's bad news for those who have paid for Sky Sports and BT Sport bundles for this season as this fixture is exclusive to Amazon. Prime Video is available with a free trial, so you can stream Arsenal vs Man City, as well as other Premier League games, exclusive TV shows, movies and documentaries for the next 30-days at no cost. Cancel anytime (say, after the latest Premier League livestream comes to an end...) and you won't be charged anything. You can stream matches live from any device supported by the Prime Video app, which includes the likes of iPhone, iPad, Windows, Android, Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Google Chromecast, and all web browsers (Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Firefox, Safari). Simply download the app and sign in. Prime Video costs £5.99 per month as a standalone subscription service, but is also included as one of the many perks of Amazon Prime, which is slightly pricier at £8.99 per month or £95 per year. This membership also offers benefits like next-day delivery on thousands of products from Amazon UK, thousands of tracks and hand-curated playlists from Prime Music, unlimited cloud backup for photos via Amazon Photos, one-year of access to Deliveroo Plus, thousands of eBooks to read at no cost on Kindle devices and the Kindle app, access to Amazon Wardrobe, free shipping for groceries via Amazon Fresh, the list goes on and on... Amazon also offers a one-month free trial to test out its Amazon Prime membership scheme. Best of all, even if you've taken out a trial in the past, you might still be eligible. Amazon offers free Prime membership trials to almost all accounts once a year or so. Even if you streamed Premier League matches via Prime Video for free last year ...your account might be eligible to do the exact same trick again. You can check whether your Amazon account is ready to let you test out Prime for free again here. In what is probably the toughest and most anticipated match of the Premier League season, Manchester City and Arsenal go head to head in the battle for the top of the league. The fiery battle will see Pep Guardiola’s team go against former assistant Mikel Arteta’s squad, which Pep called the best Arsenal team he’s faced in the Premier League in a press conference on Wednesday. Currently, Manchester City is second with 48 points, while Arsenal leads with 51 points. City needs to win if they want the top spot as they’ve currently got a bigger goal difference than Arsenal, but it’s not going to be an easy walk in the park. They've won each of their last six games at the Emirates, but the Gunners are still the team that’s beaten them the most and they’ve only lost two of their last 21 fixtures. They’re sure to be on top form tonight as they aim to win their first Premier League title after almost two decades. Unfortunately, Emile Smith Rowe and Reiss Nelson are doubtful for the lineup, while Gabriel Jesus and Mohamed Elneny are both out due to injuries. Predicted to start tonight are Aaron Ramsdale, Ben White, Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli, Granit Xhaka, Martin Ødegaard and more. Meanwhile, for City, top scorer Erling Haaland is uncertain after withdrawing at halftime against Aston Villa and Pep has said he wouldn’t risk aggravating any further injuries to the Norwegian striker, though he was spotted in a recovery session on Monday. John Stones is still out due to a hamstring injury. Tonight, Pep is expected to start with Ederson, Kevin De Bruyne, Rodri, Jack Grealish, ​​İlkay Gündoğan, Bernardo Silva and more.