Tributes have been paid to a "precious" seven-year-old boy who died in a crash in Devon. Alfie Tollett suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital where he later died.  The collision was in Wembury Road, near Plymstock Albion Oaks Rugby Club, Plymouth, at about 11.10am on February 19. The family said in a statement: "To our Alfie moos, we miss you sweetheart and we will never ever forget you. "This has to be one of the hardest things we have had to do as a family. On Sunday, our precious little Alfie was involved in a horrible incident where sadly he lost his life. "This has left a massive hole in our whole family. Our Alfie was not just our son and brother, but also a grandson, a cousin, a nephew and a friend to so many people." The family added: "He was our special cheeky, funny and precious little man. Our hearts are completely broken. We are so numb and are struggling to understand why this has happened. We would like to thank you for the kind words of support we have received. "To our Alfie moos, we miss you sweetheart and we will never ever forget you. Fly high our baby. Thank you for the best seven years of our lives. All our love Mummy, Daddy, Jack and Teddy. X" Devon and Cornwall Police confirmed what happened in a statement. It said: "Alfie Tollett, from Plymouth, sustained serious injuries and was taken to hospital where he died later. READ ABOUT AN EARTHQUAKE IN WALES     "The family have asked for privacy as they grieve and come to terms with their loss." Devon and Cornwall Police said officers are still making enquiries to establish the circumstances of the collision.  Plymstock Albion Oaks RFC has also paid tribute to Alfie, who was a member of the club. It wrote on Facebook: "It is with deep shock and sadness that we regret to inform you of the tragic loss of a young life of one of our own today. DON'T MISS: Britons give verdict on Harry and Meghan returning to UK [REVEALED] Adrenal fatigue on the rise - seven signs you might be suffering [REPORT] Harry announces 'intimate' livestream with public to promote Spare [LATEST]  "Our deepest condolences go out to the family and their friends during this difficult time. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all." Tamar Saracens RFC said: "Such sad news. All at Tamar Saracens RFC send their condolences and our thoughts and prayers are all with you all." Teignmouth RFC added: "Sending all our deepest condolences from everyone at Teignmouth RFC, all our thoughts and prayers go to his family, friends and club. RIP little one."   A man from Plymouth was arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving. The 55-year-old has been released on police bail to return on May 20. Anyone who witnessed what happened or has information or dashcam footage which could help with enquiries, should call the police on 101, quoting the reference number 50230040392. 