Nicola Bulley had said her morning walks with her springer spaniel Willow were her "favourite way to start the day" prior to her disappearance on Friday, January 27. The 45-year-old posted a series of snaps on Facebook in June 2022 as she showcased her pet enjoying their morning walk along the River Wyre in St Michael's, Lancashire. She captioned the images: "My favorite way to start the day! What a beautiful morning! I am definitely making the most of this weather!" In one of the pictures, Willow could be seen with a tennis ball by the river as Nicola smiled for the camera. Just one month earlier, Nicola posted another series of images as she said "what better way to start the day". She added that Willow had enjoyed a "swim" in the river. The pictures showed Nicola walking the same route in which she walked on Friday, January 27 before vanishing. In April 2022, Nicola posted: "Another lovely early walk to set us up for a busy day! Love these fresh mornings." It comes as Nicola's partner Paul Ansell has released an updated statement thanking the search team for their efforts in finding the missing mum-of-two. In a new statement released through Lancashire Police, Nicola Bulley's partner Mr Ansell said: "It's been 10 days now since Nicola went missing and I have two little girls who miss their mummy desperately and who need her back. This has been such a tough time for the girls especially but also for me and all of Nicola's family and friends, as well as the wider community and I want to thank them for their love and support. "We are also really grateful to Peter and his team from SGI for coming up and helping support the work of Lancashire Police as they continue their investigation. Peter Faulding, the head of the private diving team Specialist Group International (SGI), said his team of experts and divers, based in Dorking, Surrey, worked with Lancashire Police and searched "three or four miles" of the river until it got dark. "It's a negative search, no signs of Nicola," he said. He added that he found the case "baffling" as his team prepare to continue searching on Tuesday.  READ MORE: MP issues warning to those 'hampering' Nicola Bulley investigation Speaking on TalkTV, Mr Faulding said he is "baffled" as Nicola has not been found after 10 days. He said: "After 25 years of doing this kind of work, after hundreds of cases, I am well and truly baffled. Normally you would expect the divers to find them easily. When people drown they generally go down where they are. We normally find them within five to ten days of where they went down. This is the most baffling case that I have ever worked on."  Police also released a new image of Nicola from the day of her release in a bid to jog people's memories.  Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith, of Lancashire Police, said: "The team working on this investigation are completely dedicated and determined to find Nicola. As a mother myself, I can’t even begin to imagine what her two children are going through. Please be reassured that our sole focus is Nicola and that we are doing everything we can to find her. "It is not possible to provide every piece of information to the public because to do so would detract from the investigation, but I’d like to thank everyone who has assisted us so far and for the support provided to Nicola’s family at this extremely difficult time. They are being supported and updated throughout." DON'T MISS:Nicola Bulley's friend hopes private dive team 'recovers nothing' [INSIGHT]Forensic expert believes Nicola Bulley 'is not in the river' [COMMENT]Nicola Bulley friend says she is an 'incredibly strong swimmer' [PICTURES]   