Donna May Clitheroe, who is head of make-up for ITV's Loose Women and Lorraine, announced she was moving on to pastures new on Friday's instalment. Donna was visibly emotional in the show's audience as her colleague Ruth Langsford embraced her and begged her not to leave after 20 years. Before Friday's Loose Women ended, host Kaye Adams announced make-up artist Donna was leaving the show. The camera panned to Donna in the audience who was being hugged by panellist Ruth. "And there she is with Ruth," Kaye said as the cameras focused on the two women. "Actually, I think Ruth isn't going to let her go, but she's got to go Ruth."  READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation Ruth held a microphone to her face and told Donna: "Don't leave Donna, why are you going?" The make-up artist explained she was "making a leap" to work on her own business venture in London which she had been building up for several years. Ruth said: "Look at those four gorgeous women there, you do that." Kaye and the panel paid tribute to Donna, telling her she's a wonderful friend to everyone on the show.  As Donna got emotional, Kaye said: "Do you know what? I have waited 20 years to make Donna cry. "The amazing thing is, with all the women who have come through the doors after 20 years, it's incredible because I am her favourite. "No seriously, Donna, thank you," Kaye concluded as her co-stars laughed. Donna's energy will be focused on Donna May London which sells a range of make-up accessories like drawstring make-up bags, brushes and eyebrow stylers. DON'T MISS...Nadia Sawalha ‘doesn’t care’ what people think of her sexy pics  [LATEST]Loose Women's Sophie Morgan details challenges while making new show [UPDATE]Harry and Meghan face 'utter ridicule' after South Park's 'takedown' [INSIGHT] She previously told OX Magazine about the greatest challenge in working with high-profile women. "I think making them feel comfortable and letting them know that you are approachable and trustworthy," she said. "It’s typically English to keep quiet if we don’t like something, I try to always tell my presenters that if they don’t like a colour I’ve used or if there’s a technique they aren’t sure about, just tell me." Donna admitted it takes a long time for high-profile women to trust her. 