Four-time All-Star player Tomas Kaberle has tipped exciting youngster Connor Bedard to reach the heights of Sidney Crosby and Connor McDavid once he is drafted into the NHL this year. The 17-year-old has just enjoyed one of the most successful seasons in the world juniors and is the clear favourite to be the No 1 pick.  Pittsburgh Penguins captain Crosby and Edmonton Oilers skipper McDavid are two of the best centres in the NHL and Kaberle fully believes Kaberle can reach the very top. "Usually the first choice, it's the last team that gets the first chance. There is a few teams there," Kaberle told Express Sport at PokerStars' PSPC event in the Bahamas. "He is a great player. Watching him in the world juniors, he is shifty and has a great shot. He is so talented and I'm sure he puts the work ethic into it. "Looks like he's going to be the number one, it is just a matter of which team. There are four or five teams that are at the bottom and then they're going to decide who will take him.   "He has got a bright future for sure. I hope he stays healthy and he could be the next one like Sidney Crosby or (Connor) McDavid, he is putting the points up there for sure. It will be exciting to watch him in the NHL for sure." The regular NHL season will take a break this weekend for the All-Star match in Florida - an event Kaberle knows all too well. He explained: "I have played four All-Star games myself so I know it's a lot of media and a lot of fun with the guys. You get like two or three days of real stuff but it's nice to see all the different guys.   "You bring all of the best players and you can see the complete level at the same time. Even though it's for fun at the end they want to win the hockey games. "Sometimes it's a matter of getting hurt and if they're hurt they may stay home. There's so many good players that could have made it but didn't, but I'm sure the decision is made properly. "At the end it's more for the fans than everything else."  Kaberle sat down with Express Sport after playing PokerStars' PSPC event, where six millionaires will be made from the five-day, £25,000 buy-in event.