Manchester United midfielder Casemiro looked bemused after being sent off against Crystal Palace in their 2-1 win at Old Trafford and new footage suggests the Brazilian may have an argument. The £70million summer signing was dismissed for his part in a 15-man brawl involving both teams as tempers flared. The incident was sparked by a robust challenge from Jeffrey Schlupp on United winger Antony, who had been showboating with some skills seconds before, with both sets of players clashing on the side of the pitch. But it was Casemiro who paid a heavy price for his scuffle with Palace's Will Hughes after earning himself an early bath. The 30-year-old became embroiled in a row with the midfielder and appeared to grab his opponent by the throat, with footage showing both of his hands around his neck. Referee Andre Marriner checked the incident on the pitchside monitor after being encouraged to review the melee by VAR officials and the experienced man in the middle pulled out the red card, much to the dismay of the United players. READ MORE: Man Utd have to change their captain as Fernandes shines in Palace win And there could be some reason for the Brazil international to feel aggrieved, with fresh footage from the stands showing Casemiro and Hughes hugging and laughing about their clash just seconds after it occurred. Despite that, he was given his marching orders by Marriner, who deemed it to be an act of violent conduct, and it left United in the lurch for the final 20 minutes of the game. The fracas appeared to fire up the Eagles as Schlupp pulled one goal back against United, who were struggling without their fearless leader in the middle of the park. United were cruising after Bruno Fernandes opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the seventh minute, coolly converting after a handball from Hughes. The hosts doubled their lead through the in-form Marcus Rashford, who bagged his 19th goal of the season. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Casemiro has shamed two Old Trafford flops alreadyMan Utd star Jadon Sancho breaks silence with emotional messageErik ten Hag urges Man Utd stars not to get 'distracted' by Greenwood Having gone down to 10 men, the visitors pressed for an equaliser, with Ten Hag ending the match fielding four centre-backs on the pitch. The Red Devils held on to take all three points and a 13th consecutive win at Old Trafford. But that is where the good news ends for Ten Hag. Casemiro will now serve a three-game ban unless United decide to appeal against the red card, and it means he will miss their double header against Leeds United and a home game against Leicester City on February 19. Ten Hag conceded that Casemiro deserved to be sent off, but criticised the general standard of refereeing and listed several instances that did not go in his side's favour. "Casemiro crossed the line; you saw that,” he said. “However, I’m unhappy with the inconsistent refereeing; not only this game but also in Palace. They elbowed Martínez and last week with Eriksen. A lot of other players crossed the line, including some Crystal Palace players. VAR didn’t intervene with them.” FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!