A riot has broken out at a Cornwall school, where children have reportedly flipped tables in response to a planned toilet rule change. Penrice Academy in St Austell prompted backlash on Thursday when it announced students could only go to the bathroom outside of class, and that girls on their period would need to request a "red card". Pupils have responded today, with anger boiling over as they protested the rules following a plan posted to Facebook. A parent of a child at Penrice Academy told Cornwall Live that students were "flipping tables" this morning. They said: "Just to let you know that my daughter has just called me to say the protest has got out of hand and students are flipping tables." The parent added that their daughter said the students are now "not allowed out for their break". The mother of another child said one of the pupils "pulled a huge clump of hair out" while trying to climb a fence to use the toilet. READ MORE: Anger as schoolgirls forced to line up as male teacher measures skirts She added that the girl was "badly injured", and that her parents were contacted. Devon and Cornwall Police reportedly attended the school alongside an ambulance. Pupils had previously organised a protest against the new toilet rules via Facebook. Organisers had not planned to damage the school, with would-be participants asked to "make posters and signs". They said the protest would "run through period 1, 2, 3, 4 and will take place outside reception and year 7 yard". The post added: "Like I said please join if you can. Repost this on your story and spread the message." The school has claimed the controversial proposed rules were designed to prevent disruption in class. In a note to parents, the school said: "Dear Parent/Carer, due to a social media post yesterday evening, some of our students took the decision to protest." "Our students have the right to express their opinions in a calm and safe manner, however a small number of students behaviour was unacceptable. "A number of parents have already been contacted to collect their children. For the majority of our students, lessons and lunch time will continue as normal. "If you have not been contacted, there is no need to collect your child. We hope to engage with them to find a solution that works for everyone as soon as possible. The safety and wellbeing of our students is always our priority. "Kind Regards, Penrice Academy."