Furious locals gathered outside a school in Surrey where a “ racially aggravated assault” is alleged to have occurred earlier this week. A large crowd gathered outside Thomas Knyvett College in Ashford after the alleged incident, which has seen a number of arrests. Members of the protest organisation Forever Family led the peaceful protest, giving speeches and moving the group from one site to the next. The crowd was comprised of people of all genders and ages predominantly from the Black community, many of whom travelled from London. Surrey Police have arrested four people, including two 11-year-old girls, after a video of the incident surfaced online. Police were called to the junction of Salcombe Road and Stanwell Road, to reports of a group of people attacking two teenage girls. Police said the alleged victims, two 15-year-old girls, have both received specialist support from officers. A statement said: “One victim has since attended hospital and received medical treatment. We remain in contact with both girls and their families as the investigation progresses.” Surrey police said in a statement: “Officers are continuing to investigate a serious racially aggravated assault outside a college in Ashford on Monday, 6 February. “Four people so far have been arrested on suspicion of attempted racially aggravated grievous bodily harm (GBH), including a 39-year-old woman, a 16-year-old girl, and two 11-year-old girls. READ MORE: School 'humiliates' pupils as 'food taken from plates' over lunch debt  “The 39-year-old woman and a 43-year-old man were also arrested on suspicion of child neglect and intentionally encouraging and assisting the commission of an indictable only offence. “The 16-year-old girl was also arrested on suspicion of malicious communications. “A 15-year-old girl is still wanted in connection with the attempted racially aggravated GBH and racially aggravated harassment.” Inspector Maxine Cilia, Borough Commander for Spelthorne, said, “The video footage of this incident is shocking, and we appreciate the concern it will have caused the wider community. DON'T MISS:Four injured by dog in beach attack as family pet badly hurt  [INSIGHT]Brits will need permit to enter EU under new rules from November [SPOTLIGHT]David Carrick’s ‘lenient’ prison sentence to be reviewed  [REVEAL] “Every school child should feel safe as they move through the local community, and we will not tolerate this level of violence. “We are providing specialist support to the victim who has now returned home after being treated for the injuries she sustained in this distressing assault. “Officers are working hard to gather as much evidence as possible to build a strong case. “Parents, pupils, and the wider public will notice extra police patrols in the area around Thomas Knyvett College today. The officers are there to engage with and reassure the community, and we encourage you to approach them if you have any concerns or questions and they will help you in any way they can.”