Police have so far seized 13 suspected “illegal” dogs from a Welsh town where a great-grandmother and 10-year-old boy were mauled to death by bully breeds. Over the last few weeks, officers have seized the canines from multiple residences in Caerphilly.  Caerphilly is a town situated north of Cardiff at the southern end of the Rhymney Valley. Last week, police held a raid after a suspected adult pit bull and six puppies were taken into police custody. The crackdown against the dogs comes after great-great-grandmother Shirley Patrick, 83, and schoolboy Jack Lis, 10, were killed by XL Bully breeds. Both of them lived just half a mile away from each other and died one year apart.   Mrs Patrick died in hospital 17 days after suffering “life-threatening injuries” to her head, body, face and arms by a black XL Bully cross Cane Corso breed. Her daughter Gail Jones, 63, said her mother had been suffering with dementia when she was attacked in December last year. Her death came after 10-year-old Jack was killed by a seven stone XL Bully named Beast after going to a house to play in November 2021. Britain has witnessed 18 deadly dog attacks since January 2020, with last year being the deadliest on record. READ MORE: Epsom College triple killing was 'murder-suicide', police say Inspector Rhys Caddick, whose area covers the town, informed councillors that a raid was carried out last week in Penyrheol - where Mrs Partrick and Jack were both killed. He said: “Two dogs have been seized from the address on suspicion of being a banned breed, thought to be of pit bull type. “As with other recent seizures the dogs are being cared for pending examination. “This is the 13th dog seized from Caerphilly South this year. DON'T MISS:Schoolgirl stamped on and beaten in horror attack  [INSIGHT]Princess Kate leaves mother speechless at Evelina London hospital [SPOTLIGHT]Florida teen Aiden Fucci pleads guilty for stabbing of cheerleader [REVEAL]    “We are working towards identifying a bloodline of note and I expect further police activity in the near future.” NHS data released last year revealed a number of Britons being mauled by dogs has grown dramatically since 2008 - a rate of 15 cases for every 100,000 of the UK population. In all, those requiring hospital treatment following a dog attack has more than doubled in the last 15 years - with over 10,000 people now requiring specialist medical care each year. Ten people were tragically killed as a result of dog attacks in 2022, compared to five deaths in 2021 and two in 2020.