Experts at DriveElectric are predicting that UK motorists could buy almost 450,000 new electric cars in 2023 alone. The figure is based on DriveElectric’s own forecasts and is a significant increase from the 267,203 battery electric vehicles registered in the UK in 2022. Mike Potter, the CEO at DriveElectric, said: “We have seen a preference for electric vehicles continue to grow as more than 50 percent of people planning to buy a car have stated they will choose from either fully electric, plug-in hybrid or hybrid vehicles." "There has also been a shift in the vehicle market as younger drivers choose their cars. "In the 2021 census, it was revealed that over half of the young drivers in the UK will most likely switch to electric cars in the next decade. "The company predicts a 24.9 percent market share for battery electric vehicles in 2023, and a total market of 1.8 million registrations, translating to 448,000 BEV registrations.” READ MORE: Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage Using their own algorithm built from the intelligence of the UK market, experts at DriveElectric forecasted a 16.7 percent market share for BEVs in 2022, which was almost identical to the actual market share of 16.6 percent. As more EV factories open around the world, it is predicted that the number of vehicles produced and delivered will increase. It is also predicted that the UK will see an increase in the presence of Chinese car brands. The experts also claimed that the continued volatility of energy prices will see more people exploring ways to reduce energy costs for charging EVs for example using solar and battery storage. DON'T MISS10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW... [INSIGHT] Hybrid cars still have 'many benefits' over electric vehicles [REVEAL] Six winter driving laws that could see motorists face huge fines [WARNING] However, while the EV uptake is increasing year-on-year, there are major concerns surrounding the UK's charging network. The latest statistics released by the Department for Transport show that between October 1, 2022, and January 1, 2023, just 26 public electric car charging points were installed on average each day. However, in order for the 300,000 figure to be met, this number needs to quadruple to 100. Data provided by EV charging platform Zap-Map revealed that there are now 30 EVs for every charge point, compared with 16 at the start of 2020. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel drivers wasting £188million a year by idling In order to meet the 300,000 target, monthly installations for new EV charging devices will need to increase from 806 to 3,130 – a 288 percent improvement. The other headline figures from the report showed that as of January 1, 2023, there were 37,055 public electric vehicle charging devices installed in the UK. But numbers alone don’t tell the whole story and Electrifying.com is calling for more context to be given around the 300,000 figure. More consideration should be given to the need to install charging points in the right places and at the right power output for drivers. This is why calls are being made for a “charging lead” to be appointed to oversee the rollout of charging infrastructure, which is critical if the UK is to hit 300,000 by 2030. The person in this role would work closely with industry to ensure that charge points are installed in places people need them the most, for example on motorways when drivers are making long journeys. The charging lead would also help to overcome barriers to installation, according to Electrifying.com. It suggested that industry is taking a lead here, but they need Government support to cut through the red tape by working with local authorities and landowners on issues such as planning permission that is currently holding up the rollout of infrastructure. Ginny Buckley, Founder and CEO of Electrifying.com, said: “While it’s worrying to see that we’re still missing the mark on hitting 300,000 charge points by 2030 if we continue at the current rate of installation, little focus has been given to the context of the 300,000 figure. “Headline grabbing numbers such as this are irrelevant without more context, and what we actually need to see is charging points located in convenient locations that are fairly priced and at the right speeds. “As little progress has been made so far, I can’t see how we can achieve this without appointing a charging lead to take control of this issue before it's too late. We need cross-party leadership for this critical piece of infrastructure and someone to join the dots and cut through the red tape to enable the industry to take a lead. By doing so, we will give drivers the confidence they need to go electric at a pivotal point in the switch.”