King Charles III was left “mortified” after a fashion faux-pa while out with Camilla. The King and Queen Consort visited the Brick Lane Mosque in East London, when a photographer snapped the moment the royals removed their shoes to enter the place of worship. However, while removing his shoe, a hole was visible on his right sock. Journalist and royal author Christopher Andersen explained that the incident will habit left the monarch “mortified”. "Charles has always prided himself on his keen sense of style and his impeccably tailored wardrobe of bespoke suits, custom-made shirts and tasteful blazers," Andersen said. "By the mid-‘90s, Charles was already spending six figures annually on clothes." Andersen told Fox News Digital that Charles values his personal style so much, he once allegedly "tore a bathroom sink off the wall" to retrieve "one of his favourite gold cufflinks going down the drain." "He became so enraged," Andersen claimed. "As for the hole, Charles, ever the champion of sustainability, is not above having things mended. “[He] has had favourite suits, tweed jackets and cashmere overcoats resown and patched up. “Even the childhood teddy bear he travels with is still regularly re-stuffed and stitched back up, a task that for decades was reserved exclusively for the king's beloved nanny, Mabel Anderson. "In the end, for the king to be seen with a hole in his sock at a time of great financial hardship for most of his subjects is probably a good thing.” READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'no regrets' about the attacks against Firm in Spare While out in East London, Charles batted away an awkward moment when a student asked him to bring back Prince Harry. While meeting students at the University of East London, one asked “can you bring back Harry?” Charles replied with a "Who?" after mishearing at first and then burst into laughter when he understood what the student had said. The King is reported to want the Duke of Sussex to be in attendance at his May 6 coronation. It is not yet confirmed whether Harry or Meghan Markle will attend Charles’ coronation at Westminster Abbey. However, 10,000 free tickets to the King’s coronation concert are on offer to Britons via a national ballot. Members of the public can apply for the 5,000 pairs of tickets on offer from Friday at 7am by visiting www.bbc.co.uk, with the ballot closing just before midnight on February 28. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews