Born on June 25, 1924 in Philadelphia, USA, to two performers, it's clear to see where Lumet's interest in the stage came from. Taking on an apprenticeship in the creative field, Lumet's directing career didn't garner much attention until 1957, when he was 33. The film, 12 Angry Men (1957) arguably became one of his greatest works, with other classics including Serpico (1973) and Dog Day Afternoon (1975). His career spanned six decades alongside five Oscar nominations and numerous accolades. Along the way, Lumet worked with the likes of Marlon Brando, Sean Connery, and Al Pacino. Enjoying a glitzy, long-stretching and sociable calendar, Lumet made the most of his 86 years. On April 9, 2011, the star died in Manhattan, New York City, from lymphoma. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease risk can be slashed by walking 22 minutes a day  According to Cancer Research UK, between 2016 and 2018, lymphoma was among the 10 most common cancers in males. Macmillan Cancer Support explains lymphoma is a cancer of the lymphatic system. One of the "most common" signs of the tumour is a "painless swelling in the lymph nodes in the neck, armpit or groin". Depending on where the lymphoma is located in the body, symptoms can manifest differently. If the lymphoma is in the chest area, for example, the signs of cancer can include: When lymphoma is present in the stomach or bowel, symptoms can include: indigestion, tummy pain, or weight loss. Lymphoma can also lead to full-body symptoms, such as heavy, drenching night sweats. There could be occasions where a high temperature (above 38C) randomly appears without an obvious cause. READ MORE: Xerostomia may signal liver disease has progressed to cirrhosis And there can be an itching sensation all over the body that does not go away. The charity says: "We understand that showing any symptoms of what could be lymphoma is worrying. "The most important thing is to speak to your GP as soon as possible." Your doctor can arrange blood tests and scans to examine the underlying health problem that is leading to such symptoms. "The most important test for diagnosing lymphoma is a biopsy," Macmillan added. While cancer can be a scary prospect, there are numerous treatments available to help get rid of the disease. As with any type of tumour, the sooner cancer is diagnosed and treated, the better the outlook is likely to be. People can also seek support from Macmillan Support Line on 0808 808 00 00. Sidney Lumet starred in 12 Angry Men, which is showcasing on Monday, February 20 on Film4+1 at 2.05pm.