Prince Andrew has been looking to "follow in the footsteps" of Prince Harry with a move to the United States after being forced to step down from public life. The Duke of York is looking to "reinvent himself" after he reached a settlement in his sexual assault case with Virginia Giuffre. But royal columnist Lee Cohen told Express.co.uk has warned America is "not a dumping ground" for royals. He said: "I don’t believe the Duke of York will move here, and even if he did, I shouldn't think he would follow the acid approach of the Sussexes. "Let's just hope that if even if he did, with the catastrophic precedent set by the intolerable Sussexes, America does not become a dumping ground for British Royals who could not make it at home." Royal expert Ingrid Seward previously claimed that Andrew is going to "try and get on with his life". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'very concerned about celebrity status'  She wrote in The Sun: "Since the Duke was stripped of his royal titles and patronages, he has likened his own situation to that of his nephew Prince Harry. "And he is contemplating following in the footsteps of the younger royal, feeling there might be the possibility of a new life for him in the world of broadcasting, public speaking, television and even publishing. "It is possible Andrew could even attempt to reinvent himself as a supporter of abused women and appear on TV chat shows in the States." Harry moved to America with Meghan Markle after stepping down as senior royals in March 2020. The pair snapped up a nine-bedroom house in Montecito for $14.65 million in 2020 after stepping down from royal duties and becoming financially independent. The royal couple got $10million off the asking price of the property, according to Forbes journalist Carlie Porterfield. They went on to sign lucrative multimillion-pound deals with Netflix and Spotify to help pay their $9.5 million mortgage, public documents revealed. DON'T MISS Kate Middleton's subtle gesture yesterday was 'a big deal' [INSIGHT]Harry chose 'nastiest, dirtiest, cheapest' method to vent frustration [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle's political hopes 'completely destroyed' [VIDEO] Ms Porterfield said: "They spent $14.7million on their home in Montecito but they actually got a pretty good deal on it. "The former owner purchased it for about $10million more and was trying to sell it to obviously make a profit. "He wasn't able to so he took about a $10million cut. "As far as that is concerned, they actually got a pretty good deal." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews