Helena Bonham Carter was a hit when she played Princess Margaret in Netflix's The Crown, but fans of the show may take a different view, after her latest comments about the royal drama. The fifth season launched in November and brought the show out of the past and into the more recent history of the 1990s.    And Ms Bonham Carter thinks this should be it for the Netflix show, despite the fact that the sixth season is being filmed at the moment. The sixth season is set to cover the fatal car crash that killed Princess Diana in 1997, but it is expected that the moment of impact of the Paris crash will not be in the series. Speaking to The Guardian, Ms Bonham Carter said: “I should be careful here too, but I don’t think they should carry on, actually. “I’m in it and I loved my episodes, but it’s very different now. “When The Crown started it was a historic drama, and now it’s crashed into the present. But that’s up to them.”    She was also asked about what she made of Prince Harry’s book Spare, as someone who “spent time inside the head of the ‘spare’ as Princess Margaret. In response, she said: “I don’t really want to contribute to the whole thing. It’s complicated and it’ll get taken out of context. “And I think it’s been given enough attention.” Her opinion is said to be shared by Prince William who, it is claimed, believes that the programme is “damaging” to the Royal Family. READ MORE: Missing teenager Adriana Davidson found dead at school   A source described as a close friend of the Prince of Wales has been reported saying the historical drama, which portrays events linked to the Royal Family at times in a distorted way, is "harsh and hurtful". They told the Sunday Times: "[Prince William] has spoken about it, and now, as it is coming closer to the present, he is particularly concerned about it. William does think it is damaging. "The Royal Family know a lot of it is nonsense, but it is really harsh and hurtful." After criticism of how Netflix blended fiction with facts, it responded by saying its show "has always been presented as a drama based on historical events".DON'T MISS  Pigeon dyed for 'gender reveal' party found by wildlife care [PICTURED]New law may see THOUSANDS losing ability to vote at next election [ANALYSIS]BMW driver jailed for killing boys while speeding at 57mph in bus lane [REPORT]   Netflix also came under fire following the release of The Crown's fourth series, which heavily focused on Charles and Diana's marriage and his affair with the then Camilla Parker Bowles. Amid its release in November 2020, the then Culture Secretary Oliver Dowden - as well as Earl Spencer and many royal commentators, asked the US streaming platform to issue a "health warning" before the show to make it clear it was fictionalised - but Netflix said it didn't see the need to do so. The streaming platform did state under the trailer for season five: “Inspired by real events, this fictional dramatisation tells the story of Queen Elizabeth II and the political and personal events that shaped her reign.”    