Jennifer Lopez, 53, made an appearance alongside her husband Ben Affleck, 50, at last night's Super Bowl for a hilarious Dunkin' Donuts advert. The singer was caught snapping at her husband once again, after recently appearing to get in a heated confrontation with the Hollywood star at last week's Grammy Awards. Jennifer made an appearance at Sunday's Super Bowl as she made a cameo in her beau's Dunkin' Donuts ad, showing the star at the drive-thru. The Jenny from the Block singer was shocked as she pulled up to collect her coffee only to find Ben taking customers' orders at the window. She scolded Ben as she quipped: "What are you doing? Is that what you do when you say you're going to work all day?" Jennifer wowed in a white puffer jacket, while Ben acted as the perfect employee as he dressed head to toe in the franchise's uniform. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits In the advert, Ben was also captured surprising customers with a hidden camera as he took orders. Towards the end, he gets a visit from his wife, who instructs him to grab her a glazed doughnut before he signs off work. Talking to People about the commercial, Ben admitted: "I think people already sort of think that I work for Dunkin'. "In Boston, it was such a big deal. I think I became kind of associated with it, and this sounded like a fun opportunity to kind of play with that association, and a chance to come back here to shoot it at home in Boston." This comes after Jennifer appeared to snap at her husband at the Grammy Awards as host Trevor Noah took a seat near the couple. Page Six reported that a lip reader claims Jennifer was aware that Ben looking "miserable" was trending during the awards show. According to the lip reader, the Let's Get Loud hitmaker leaned over and said: "Stop. Look more friendly. Look motivated." Ben reportedly quipped back: "I might." However, a seat filler, who was positioned next to the couple at the ceremony, has since taken to TikTok to explain what really happened at the event, with many Twitter users jumping to conclusions. DON'T MISS... Rihanna confirms pregnancy just nine months after son's birth [SUPERBOWL] Adele causes a stir with 'zip it' order at Super Bowl as Rihanna sings [PICS] Rihanna sparks fan frenzy as singer ends hiatus at Super Bowl halftime [HOLLYWOOD] She said: "J.Lo showed Ben Affleck the phone and was like, 'Oh my god, honey. Look at this meme circulating about you' and he was like, 'Oh god, this again'. "He knew during the performance that he was a meme. He knew and just chose not to change his expression." She added: "I know she was on her phone and saw it and was like, 'honey, this is so funny. Look at this'. According to the seat filler, they were a "super lovey-dovey" couple and their "hands were always intertwined". The mum-of-two seemed unbothered, however, at the stories circulating about her relationship and took to Instagram to share a post dedicated to her husband. She captioned the snap: "Always the best time with my love, my husband." A source has since claimed to Entertainment Tonight that there was a reason why Ben was not feeling his best at the Grammy Awards ceremony. The source explained: "Jen [Lopez, Affleck’s wife] and Ben had a fun date night out at the Grammys, but they have both been very busy working on several projects, and Ben was feeling tired. "He wanted to go and support Jen, but he wasn’t his usual self."