Dave Jolicoeur's death was confirmed by the group's publicist on Sunday and the rapper was just 54-years-old. Tributes have poured in from the hip hop community as musicians and fans alike took to social media to offer their condolences to Trugoy the Dove. The cause of his death has not yet been confirmed but Dave was open about his struggle with congestive heart failure in recent years. The rap legend, who went by Trugoy while performing, was a part of the musical trio De La Soul - a group known for their music and beloved presence on hit MTV programs in the 80s and 90s. Alongside members Maseo and Posdnuos, he helped make some major hits like Feel Good Inc with the group Gorillaz. According to TMZ, the rapper was hospitalised and sadly died on Sunday in Maryland while receiving medical care. READ MORE: Piers Morgan applauds Rihanna’s ‘impressive’ Super Bowl show No other details, including a potential cause, have been released. The publication added that Dave was battling an undisclosed illness. Taking to Twitter, celebrities have offered their condolences, as B Real of Cypress Hill tweeted: "We lost another legend of hip hop music and culture in my brother Trugoy aka Dave of De La Soul. His music will allow him to live in our hearts and minds as he is gone. But not only was he a great musician but he was a great human being. He meant a lot to us." Rapper Phonte shared: "De La Soul forever." Cadence Weapon wrote: "RIP Trugoy from De La Soul. One of the absolute best to ever do it." Public Enemy's Chuck D accompanied his tribute with a video of the pair together, and wrote: "#RestInBeats my Bro #Dave #Trugoy #DeLaSoul forever @hiphopgods." DJ Prince Paul commented: "You have no idea how much pain in this last year. Dave love you bro a blessing we got a chance to unite again. Divine power. Literally no words anymore. De la soul forever." Tobi Marshall penned: "Sad day for hiphop. Just heard about the tragic news that Trugoy of De La Soul is dead. Really heartbreaking. My thoughts are with his friends and family at this difficult time. Rest In Power Dave." DON'T MISS... Adele causes a stir with 'zip it' order at Super Bowl as Rihanna sings[LATEST]Rihanna confirms pregnancy minutes after Super Bowl performance[SUPER BOWL]Rihanna sparks fan frenzy as singer ends hiatus at Super Bowl halftime[PICTURES] Michael Eagle wrote: "Shattered at the news that Trugoy passed away. As many times as I've said it there's still no way to adequately describe how much De La Soul's music and existence means to me. My heart goes out to Posdnous, Mase and all of their families. What a f****g enormous loss." Screenwriter Cheo Hodari Coki tweeted: "You don't understand what De La Soul means to me. Their existence said to me, a black geek from Connecticut that yes, hip-hop belongs to you too, and Trugoy was the balance, McCartney to Pos Lennon, Keith to his Mick. This is a huge loss." Olijah Friday shared: "RIP Trugoy of De La Soul. He made plenty hits along with the group but a memorable one is his verse from “FeelGood Inc.” Deedee added: "RIP Plug 2 of De La Soul, thank you for everything." De La Soul's album 3 Feet High and Rising is celebrated as one of the most influential records of all time thanks to the group's groundbreaking hippie vibe and critical and commercial success. In 1988, the three Long Island natives came together to form the group that immediately stood out in the hip-hop scene. At the time, rap was deeply political and controversial with groups like Public Enemy being the voice for Black communities, the New York Times reports. The group changed the face of hip-hop in the late 80s and early 90s, and was honoured at last week's Grammy Awards in Los Angeles during a tribute to the genre.