The right haircare, skincare, makeup and clothing will make you look younger, but it's also possible to achieve the same result without spending any money. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Abby McLachlan, Pilates Teacher and Founder of studio East of Eden, about how pilates can be the ultimate anti-ager. What's great about pilates, according to the expert, is that the benefits are not just skin deep. Abby told Express.co.uk: "Pilates is nearly 100 years old, with origins rooted in healing and rehabilitation. "It was invented by Joseph Pilates initially to help fellow inmates develop muscle strength at an internment camp on the Isle of Man but now is practised in gyms and boutique studios around the world, including at East of Eden in Walthamstow. "Like yoga, it is a mind and body practise, matching breath to movement, but in yoga, you use the breath to connect the mind and body to a higher consciousness." READ MORE: 57-year-old shares 'unreal' youthful transformation - pictures  Joseph Pilates promised a total transformation in just 30 Pilates sessions: "You will feel better in 10 sessions, look better in 20 sessions, and have a completely new body in 30 sessions." Pilates is a fantastic way to get the body moving and strengthen the core muscles. The expert continued: "The mind-body connection in Pilates is more functional – using the breath to focus the mind on the present moment and connect with your body." But why is pilates such a positive activity to take up - and what are its anti-ageing benefits? Firstly, pilates is accessible to almost everyone - the practice is "low intensity, low impact and inclusive". "It’s focused on spinal alignment and the tiny muscles that support your musculoskeletal system." Having said that, according Abby warned that those suffering injuries or spinal, or postural issues should consult a qualified Pilates instructor and get signed off by a health practitioner before attending a class. Similarly, pregnant women should ensure they see a pre-natal trained trainer, as some exercises are unsuitable for pregnancy. Abby continued: "A lifetime of poor posture – hunching over your computer or phone, carrying children and heavy bags on one side – can lead the muscles in your back to become weak and strained, leading to joint and disc issues. READ MORE: Hair expert shares popular haircut that can 'age you faster'  "Pilates concentrates on strengthening the deep postural muscles, raising awareness of how one stands and the general alignment of hips, spine and head. "This awareness alone can go a long way to improving posture, but the strength built with highly targeted, specific exercises will support the spinal column, in effect future-proofing your body." The expert recalled a quote by Joseph Pilates himself: "If your spine is inflexibly stiff at 30, you are old; if it is completely flexible at 60, you are young." Abby explained that Pilates works on supporting the muscles around the spine, including the core and the glutes, as well as ensuring the other joints are supported by strong local muscles, "reducing the chance of injury and relieving pain, especially back pain". "As well as developing core strength and improving posture, mobility, strength and flexibility, Pilates also helps with recovery from injury and indeed injury prevention. "A regular Pilates practice can reduce the risk of injury in other sports or activities by strengthening the local muscles around the joints, meaning you are less likely to injure yourself. "It's a form of exercise that can be done into old age without any negative impact on the body and joints, and helps maintain cognitive ability, balance, bone density as well as spinal health. "Plus it can improve your sex life at any age through the focus on the pelvic floor (plus increased fitness and endurance) - what's not to love about that?!" Abby concluded by explaining that Pilates can be "as hard or easy as you want", done at home or in a studio, with professional equipment or just a chair or mat - "anyone can do the exercises and benefit from them". Abby McLachlan is a Pilates teacher and founder of East of Eden.