Better is making its BBC debut on February 13 and the police drama tells the story of DI Lou Slack’s (played by Leila Farzad) run-ins with Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan). Lou has come to love Col like a brother and she helped place him at the head of a huge criminal circle in Leeds. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the series is filmed and set. The series explains how 19 years ago, when Lou was a young police officer and Col a low-ranking but ambitious criminal, their paths crossed. They struck a deal that changed their lives forever as Col became very powerful. Lou was also able to turn around her failing career as part of the bargain and a complex bond between the pair was forged. Lou’s gradual slide into corruption has now come to a head and she must put right the wrongs that she has spent years rationalising. READ MORE: Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB The series is set and shot entirely in Leeds and West Yorkshire, something the cast and crew are particularly proud of. Some of the filming locations include: Leeds Town Hall Corn Market Exchange Leeds Canal Plumpton Rocks Weetwood Police Station Sam Vincent worked as a writer and executive producer on the series and he spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press about the locations. He said: "When we set about trying to develop this story we knew we didn't want it to be down south. "We wanted to find a new home for it and we wanted to get away from cockney gangsters. "Then it was really about choosing a place where we felt it didn't really come with too many connotations, connected to other shows and things like that. "But also a place that was a really big cosmopolitan city, varied locations, very vibrant, lively, multicultural with a lot to offer. "Obviously we had to do our research and find out about Gipton and Harehills. DON'T MISS... Better episode 1 stars Andrew Buchan and Leila FarzadJanet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-starGB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' "I think we had to change Harehills to Sheerhills. Then it was about allowing people from this area and finding as many brilliant talented people for the cast, for the crew, to help us write it." Lucy Dyke, who also worked as executive producer, said she was excited to showcase Leeds. She added: "It's been great to do it and so important to us that we really rooted it in Leeds and made Leeds the proper backdrop. "It gives it a specific place so it was really important to us that we did that. "All of the characters are from Leeds apart from Col and all the locations are authentic Leeds locations. "So I hope we did a really good job and we saw the great landscape that surrounds this place. "I hope we really did that justice and really leant into that. Hopefully, we have properly put Leeds on the telly." Some of the cast spoke about their favourite filming spots, including Lou actress Leila Farzad. She said: "It's such a beautiful city. Being able to see the town hall every day, filming in places like the corn market exchange, there are wonderful places to eat and being by the canal... it's a real mixture of old and new. "It was incredible to immerse myself in it for the time that I was shooting there, 90 per cent of the crew were based in Manchester or Leeds so talking to them every day really helped fuel the motor of Lou Slack and imbued me with an extra something."  Better airs on BBC One at 9pm.