The Milwaukee Bucks have opted to sign disgraced big man Meyers Leonard, who has been without a team for nearly two years. It is the centre’s first taste of the NBA since he said an anti-Semitic slur during a video game live stream in March 2021. Leonard has signed a contract that means he will join two-time MVP Giannis Antetokounmpo on the Bucks through a 10-day deal. The deal was finalised and reported on Monday by ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski. The former Miami Heat player was suspended indefinitely by the franchise after he made an offensive comment while playing ‘Call of Duty: Warzone’ on Twitch in March 2021. The NBA launched an investigation which ultimately led to the league handing Leonard a $50k fine and an additional suspension. Leonard said then that he knew he'd used a bad term but was unaware of the term's meaning. In his apology, the center said: “My ignorance about its history and how offensive it is to the Jewish community is absolutely not an excuse and I was just wrong.” READ MORE: Inside Steph Curry’s lifestyle with TV show, wife and NBA salary A few days after the incident, the Heat traded Leonard to the Oklahoma City Thunder but he was later released. The 30-year-old was also banned from Twitch while he lost a number of business deals, including his ties to leading gaming team, FaZe Clan. Leonard has endeavoured to right his wrong, and the 11th overall pick in the 2012 NBA Draft has reportedly worked with a number of Jewish organisations to fight anti-semitism during his time away from the sport. He teamed up with the Anti-Defamation League to speak at a webinar in 2021 in order to spread awareness about the horrors of hate language. Back in October 2021, Leonard told TMZ he had learned a lot from his mistake. He expressed genuine remorse and hoped he could atone for his poor lapse in judgement. DON'T MISSLeBron James All-Star moment speaks volumes ahead of LA Lakers futureRussell Westbrook ready to sacrifice $12m with LA Clippers move Russell Westbrook joins Los Angeles Lakers rival after 'toxic' end “I can only be hopeful that people will allow me bounce back from a mistake,” Leonard said at the time. “This was a mistake of extreme ignorance, and I own it.” Leonard has averaged 5.6 points shooting 48.6 percent from the floor as well as 39.0 percent from three while snagging 3.9 rebounds across his nine-year NBA career. He was originally drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers and spent seven years with the franchise before joining the Heat. Leonard’s 41-17 Bucks will face the Heat in their next match on Friday night. Miami are 32-27 and sit seventh in the Eastern Conference, nine and a half games behind second-placed Milwaukee.