An aristocrat and her baby who have been missing for a month may have been camping out in sub-zero temperatures, police say. Officers are appealing again for information about Constance Marten, her partner Mark Gordon, and their baby, as they are growing increasingly concerned about their wellbeing.    The missing person investigation started after the car that they had been travelling in was found on fire on the hard shoulder of the M61, near junction 4 (Farnworth, Bolton) at 6.33pm on January 5. Police have received more than 300 calls from members of the public but say they are still no closer to finding the family. Ms Marten, 35, comes from a wealthy family with connections to the royals and reportedly gave birth in a car several days before they went missing. Mr Gordon was previously convicted of four counts of sexual battery in the USA when he was 14, after he held a neighbour hostage at knifepoint. He spent 20 years in prison for the crimes. The pair were last spotted in Newhaven, East Sussex, on January 8 where they were dropped near the port just before 5am.    Detectives say that around 6.15am they walked along Cantercrow Hill into the fields beyond. They were carrying a number of bags and their blue tent, and officers believe they have been camping in the area. But now it is thought they could have moved on some considerable distance. Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford of the Metropolitan Police’s East Area Command said: “For a month now Mark, Constance and her newborn have been continually on the move in sub-zero temperatures with no medical attention and we are increasingly concerned for their wellbeing. “We know that the baby was still alive on January 8 and finding the baby remains our top priority." READ MORE: Cow smashes into Tesla after breaking loose   He added: “Maybe you have information but were reluctant to come forward to help us find the family. “It does not matter why you did not speak to us earlier, what matters is doing the right thing now for the good of this highly vulnerable infant. “If you have seen the family, if you gave them directions, if they got into your taxi or came into your shop to buy food, drink or nappies - no matter how small a detail it may seem - please do get in touch. “Please also be assured that if they have paid you to provide a service, a lift, somewhere to stay or something else, you are not in any sort of trouble, we just need you to tell us what you know so that we can find them and make them safe.” DON'T MISSGOP says axe Covid funds to fix debt ceiling [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry didn't lose his virginity outside a pub, claims Everett [REPORT]BBC urged to investigate claims Dominic Raab 'swore at staff member' [REVEALED]   And addressing the couple directly, Det Supt Basford said: "Constance and Mark, your baby has spent the first month of its short life exposed to the elements when it should be safe and warm and, most importantly, seen by medics. "After a month you must be running low on cash. Please pick up the phone and let us know, at the very least, that you are okay. “We are ready to come to you and see that you and the baby get medical attention." Police are offering a £10,000 reward for information to help find them. Anyone who has information on the family’s whereabouts is asked to call the Met Police’s incident room on 020 7175 0785. Alternatively, to remain anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111. 