Leyla Harding (played by Roxy Shahidi) has been struggling recently and is trying to get her life back on track. However, chaos seems to be following her around the village, and official Emmerdale spoilers confirm a misinterpretation from Leyla could lead to a beloved couple being torn apart on the ITV soap. Will they be able to work things through or has Leyla destroyed the pair for good? In upcoming scenes, Leyla is moved by Jai Sharma's (Chris Bisson) kindness but takes it the wrong way. It comes as he checks in on her following the news of her decree nisi, marking the start of her divorce from Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson). She misreads his warmth for something more and leans in to kiss him. Unfortunately, this is all spotted by Jai's girlfriend, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy), leaving Jai mortified. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall Laurel storms off and an angry Jai tells Leyla he can't be the person to support her anymore. Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) agrees to step in and support the troubled villager instead. Leyla has recently lost her family and a few of her friends as her life continues to spiral out of control. Over the years, Laurel and Jai have also been through a rocky journey - could this next hurdle be what ends their relationship? Viewers might hope that Laurel will understand that Leyla is simply a troubled woman and that the mistake meant nothing. Given the couple's history, however, Jai might have a hard time convincing Laurel he had nothing to do with the kiss. Jai has also lied to Laurel before, so she might struggle to trust him. The couple only reunited recently after Laurel broke up with Jai for lying to her about finances and drugs. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Luba Mushtuk details feeling 'proud' of former co-star [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders' Zack Hudson and Whitney Dean united in baby tragedy [SPOILER]ITV classic You've Been Framed 'axed' after more than three decades [LATEST] Laurel decided to end things last year when Jai took out a loan in her name because he had money problems and lied to her about it. Things only got worse after she failed to believe Jai when he said the drugs discovered at Take A Vow did not belong to him. It seemed they had finally worked through their issues and decided to give things another go in September. Now, just months on, Laurel will inevitably question Jai's honesty once again. Leyla might end up trying to explain to Laurel that the kiss was all on her part, but will she believe her? The couple will probably be reluctant to have to break the news to their children once again that they're splitting up. This means their decision would have to be a permanent one to give their kids a more secure life. Will Leyla be responsible for another couple splitting up? Emmerdale continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on ITV.