Gino D'Acampo, 46, has been married to his wife Jessica Morrison for 20 years, with the couple renewing their vows on ITV's Gino's Family Adventure last year. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk Gino ranted about his friends ringing their wives on nights out, admitting he is "always complaining" at them, while also blasting their relationships as "crazy". Express.co.uk asked Gino about the secrets to a healthy marriage, with the This Morning chef going off on a tangent about his friend's relationships. He said: "You know anytime I go out with some of my friends, we get to the middle of dinner, on a boys' night and one of them gets up to ring their wife. "I’m always the one who complains, and they explain that if they don’t their wife will be angry at them tonight. "I say, ‘She knows where you were? You saw her yesterday and you’re seeing her tomorrow, right? Then what the f**k are you doing? What are you going to tell them?’ READ MORE: Bruce Willis' family announce he has been diagnosed with dementia "The answer is always the same: ‘If I don’t make the phone call I will get into trouble'." Gino then blasted these types of relationships as "crazy" as he made a very personal admission about how his marriage works with Jessica. He continued: "What kind of relationship is that? Crazy! "There are times when sometimes men and women get it wrong, very wrong. If you don’t want to do something then don’t do it. "I could be filming in Italy or somewhere in the world for two weeks and I would perhaps call my wife once or twice. "There is no need, apart from when I want to hear from her or if something happened. "What’s the point in bothering your wife to the point I need to pretend to want to make a phone call is insane! I don’t buy into it." Gino has been married to Jessica for over 20 years, with the couple having three children together: Luciano, 21, Rocco, 18, and Mia, ten. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [INSIGHT] Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than ever [PICS] Priscilla Presley and Riley 'not on talking terms' amid Lisa Marie row [HOLLYWOOD] In the same interview Gino also discussed the "simple" secret to pleasing Jessica in their marriage. He admitted: "The secret is simple. You need to create a balance between living a life with your wife and family, and having the time to be alive by yourself. "So a couple that thinks that they can live forever in each other's pockets, 24 hours a day is an insane way of thinking." Gino then went on to discuss the importance of "leading your own life" as he gushed about his wife. He continued: "I believe every human no matter the sex or age or anything else needs to lead their own life! "You need to have your own hobbies, friends and your own holidays! I think that’s why my marriage has lasted for so many years. "Jessica is a very clever woman and she has understood me from day one. She knew that if she put him in a cage then eventually I would break the cage and disappear if she did that." Gino made the decision over a year ago to cut back on certain areas of his eccentric foodie lifestyle as he approaches 50, and takes a Berocca every morning alongside his breakfast. Introducing Berocca Immuno (MRRP £7.50 - 15 tablets / £13 - 30 tablets) from January, the brand’s most advanced formula for immune support, a perfect addition to help support your overall well-being so you’re ready for whatever life brings*. The cold winter months are a crucial time to recognise the importance of supporting your immune system, helping you to look after yourself and feel your best. Berocca Immuno is available to buy online now