The community of St Michael's on Wyre may be feel unsafe going out following the discovery of the body of Nicola Bulley, an expert has said. The body of the 45-year-old was found in the reeds of River Wyre on Sunday following a three-week search for the missing mum-of-two. Following the discovery, a lot of questions are being asked about why police and private investigators failed to find the body during their search. Grief specialist Maria Bailey told Express.co.uk until the community has some answers they could be "experiencing a loss of feeling safe" and a fear of going out. Ms Bulley's body was found around a mile downriver from where her phone was found and she was last seen walking her dog on January 27. Ms Bailey said people, "especially female dog walkers" may "feel anxious" about going out. She said: "St Michael's on Wyre isn't just a quiet, fairly anonymous Lancashire village anymore. "It's now synonymous with Nicola's death, now ingrained in the minds of the wider population in the same way that hearing the names of other places in our country are connected with tragedies. "Until there are answers, some people in the community might feel anxious about going out, especially female dog walkers. They may experience, or may already be experiencing a loss of feeling safe." In the initial few weeks, she said the community will likely pull together to support Ms Bulley's family but it could be followed by some questions. She said: "This might be followed by broader questions, such as how this could be prevented from happening in the future. "As the community then adapts, some won't want to talk about it anymore, while others let it continue to be front of mind. " READ MORE: Woman who plotted to have ex-husband killed guilty of manslaughter In a statement, Ms Bulley's family thanked the community and support from people saying it had been "nothing short of comforting and heart-warming". They said: "We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that. "Our girls will get the support they need from the people who love them the most." It added: "Our hearts truly break for others who have missing loved ones. Keep that hope alive. "Finally, Nikki, you are no longer a missing person, you have been found, we can let you rest now. "We love you, always have and always will, we'll take it from here." Critics of the police investigation are asking why it took 23 days to find the body. In a statement on Monday, Lancashire Police said the case is now being handled by the coroner. Throughout their investigation Police worked with the hypothesis Nicola had accidentally fallen in the river but had not found any evidence.  