Valentine's Day is all about showing love and appreciation to those you really care about. The annual occasion sees couples, friends, partners, and families send gifts to one another as a token of their love. Valentine's Day is a tradition that goes back centuries. Each year, it's estimated around 40 million Britons take part in the celebrations. Looking for some last-minute inspiration? We've rounded up sone of the best online flower delivery services, Valentine's Day cards, chocolates, experiences and much more. Whether you're looking for gifts for him, or gifts for her ...we've got a bouquet of ideas for your Valentine in 2023. If you’re a last-minute shopper, there’s no need to fret. A number of the biggest retailers – including Moonpig, Boots, and Amazon – offer incredible gifts with speedy delivery options including next-day and even (in some areas) same-day deliveries! Plus, you can also shop letterbox-friendly sized gifts that will arrive directly on their doorstep, so don’t require someone to wait in all-day for the delivery. In addition, tons of retailers offer personalised options to their gifts so you can add a thoughtful touch to your presents that they’ll treasure forever. And who says that it’s only about gifting other people, eh? The latest research from Fentimans has shown that 64% of women plan to buy themselves flowers or chocolates and they’ve also bought themselves a special piece of jewellery recently. Dining in has also become extremely popular this year and research by Optic PR showed the searches for supermarket Valentine’s meal deals are up by 250% this year. Whether you’re looking for a gift for someone or yourself, here’s a list of the best Valentine’s Day deals you can shop for and with options available for delivery in time for February 14. Find our complete guide to the best Valentine’s Day deals and gifts for 2023 down below, or use the links to jump to a relevant section. Happy Valentine’s Day! Valentine’s Day is the most popular occasion for sending cards with more than 25 million cards are sent each year for the day. Finder reported that the UK alone spent over £1.4 billion on greeting cards. There are so many cards to browse through, from funny and tongue-in-cheek clever to sweet and romantic cards you can personalise. To make things easier for you, below you can find a list of all the retailers that offer Valentine’s Day cards with fast delivery, but it’s always advised to order as soon as possible. Plus, cards start from just 99p up so you won’t need to break the bank to send a sweet message. Flowers always make a lovely Valentine's Day gift and you can order bouquets by Monday February 14, 2023 at 5:30PM to get them in time for the big day. There are plenty of options available including letterbox-friendly sizes, single roses and luscious bouquets. If you’re looking for bouquets, you can find more in our guide here. To help you find the perfect one, here’s a guide with the best flower deals, with options under £20, spring bouquets, orchids and more. Spa breaks have also increased in Google searches by 82 percent in January in the UK, and it's a great gift to give to a loved one as it offers them the chance to unwind in a luxurious space with a massage or facial. Good news for last-minute shoppers, e-vouchers are sent straight away to emails as most vouchers only expire within a year or purchase, so you'll have plenty of time to plan your spacation. Whether you're after a quick spa day or a full weekend experience, here are the best budget spa deals and experiences to gift this Valentine's Day. Another great idea is to treat your loved one to some delicious dining, whether it's at home or in a restaurant. A voucher can be sent instantly so it's great if you're looking to gift something quick and vouchers have long expiry dates, so you can be sure to pick a date in your diary for the dinner. In addition, most couples are planning to spend the day dining at home instead of 36 percent of Brits planning to enjoy a home-cooked meal according to research from Sainsburys. Shoppers can now get a FREE Valentine's Day supermarket meal deal up to £15 when they sign up to be a new member of TopCashback – but hurry as this deal expires February 14, 2023 at 23:59PM. If you're unsure what to give, food and drinks are always an excellent choice. And when it comes to gifting, IPSOS reported that 33 percent of Brits are intending to give chocolate or candy this year. Plus, one in five will buy a bottle of wine or liqueor for their partner. There are plenty of tasty treats that can be delivered via letterbox for instant arrival and you can also find snacks for less than £20. Here, we've put together unique and classic food and drink treats that are all letterbox friendly and can arrive with fast, next day delivery. From chocolate brownies and dessert making kits to bubbly rosé and unique beers, they always say the way to win someone's heart is through food. Finding a gift for her can be tricky when there’s a multitude of options out there but if you need some help, some popular sections to keep in mind include jewellery, beauty, candles, bouquets, perfumes and more. According to recent research from Shopify, skin care is one of the most ordered products in Feb 2023, making it another great option to give this Valentine’s Day. This is your opportunity to show the woman in your life that you care, and you can make gifts even more personal by adding a personalised touch like engravings on jewellery or embossed initials on clothing. Here are some of the best gifts for her you can get, with arrival on or before the day. When buying gifts for men, research by Evolution Money found that you don't have to break the bank, with findings showing that on average, women spend £26 on men for Valentine's Day. According to eHarmony, the average Brit spends just 30 minutes shopping for Valentine's gifts, so we've compiled a one-stop selection of gifts for the man in your life, including chocolates, loungewear, experience days and more. With a price range to suit all budgets, whether you're looking to spoil them this year or save money with an affordable present,  all of the gifts included can be delivered the next day if ordered soon, so will arrive in time for Valentine's Day. Valentine’s Day takes place on February 14, and this year’s day is happening on a Tuesday in the UK. Pope Gelasius officially declared February 14 as Valentine’s Day at the end of the 5th century and it’s happened every year on that day since then. The one-day event was originally called St Valentine’s Day and is celebrated annually across the world. It’s particularly popular in the USA and UK, and interestingly is the most common wedding anniversary in the Philippines. It’s not for lovers only and the day has become used to express all kinds of love and affection in relationships; be it with friends, family and more. It’s most commonly celebrated with gift giving as a symbol of love and appreciation and cards are one of the most popular items exchanged. Other popular items exchanged are flowers, candy and chocolate. Valentine's Day is a great excuse to treat your significant other and show them how much you love them with a gift. With many gifts available to order to your door, it's never been easier to get prepared and save time shopping. It's important to really think about what the recipient likes when it comes to gifts. The results of a Yougov survey carried out last year found that men are most likely to want to receive a card, chocolate or a nice dinner out, with some also saying alcohol and jewellery are gifts they would be happy to be given. A survey by OnePoll found that 47 percent of women say they like to receive flowers on Valentine's Day and 43 percent say they would like to receive chocolates, plus 67 percent say they like to enjoy a romantic dinner.Showing a partner you've thought of something personal to give them is going to mean a lot when they open it on Valentine's Day. Personalised gifts are a good way to give a keepsake that will be kept for a long time, while an experience like a meal out can help you put time aside to spend a day or evening together, plus many of these can be bought as online vouchers, so there's no delivery needed. Valentine's day spending doesn't have to be expensive, as there are plenty of options when it comes to affordable gifts, with flowers and chocolate for under £25, and experience gifts to suit every budget. With a growing number of retailers now offering next day delivery, there's no need to plan for the 14th of February weeks in advance, as all of the gifts included in the guide can still be delivered on Valentine's Day, just make sure you opt for next day delivery at checkout. There's no such thing as the perfect Valentine's Day gift (so don't panic). While February 14th is famous for giving and receiving gifts – worldwide, it's one of the biggest gift-giving holidays of the year – these can range from simple and affordable to luxurious and extravagant. The most popular gifts will almost always be presents that are personal and meaningful. You know the recipient better than anyone, so try to tailor your purchase (or whatever you're making) to really suit their interests or a shared memory from your history. If you still need a little guidance, we've rounded up some of the most popular gift categories for Valentine's Day to help... Adding the element of surprise is considered romantic, and your partner is sure to be happy with a surprise flower delivery or gift they weren't expecting, and as reported by YouGov, a card is the most popular gift given for Valentine's Day, plus it's an opportunity to convey the way you feel with a romantic message. In research carried out by Caddle, 29 percent of people said the best Valentine’s Day gifts are ones that mean something to them, while 21 percent said they would like to be surprised with something they want but probably wouldn’t buy for themselves. While more traditional gifts like boxes of chocolates are still a popular choice, a Valentine's gift doesn't have to be heart-shaped, as gifts are more likely to be seen as romantic when they show meaning and consideration for a partner's needs or interests. According to Statistica, 40 percent of British women expected to receive flowers for Valentine’s Day, but for those looking for a more unique option, choosing a personalised gift such as a dressing gown with your partner's initials, or engraved jewellery, can help add an extra touch to show that you really care. If you can't spend Valentine's Day together this year, or just think the receiver of the gift would prefer spending quality time together, an experience gift such as a lunch, spa day or mini-break could be a good choice, and it gives you both something to look forward to. Many experience providers, such as Red Letter Days and Buyagift offer full flexibility on the vouchers after they've been purchased, meaning that they can be extended or swapped for thousands of other options, which is great if struggling to decide which experience to gift. MORE LIKE THIS