Samsung's new range of phones, including the Galaxy S23, Galaxy S23 Plus and GalaxyS23 Ultra, have now been officially unveiled and one of the biggest rumours about these devices has turned out to be true. Tucked under the hood of every single model will be Qualcomm's latest and greatest Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor. This is great news for those wanting to buy these new devices in the UK as previous Galaxy S flagships haven't included those speedy Qualcomm brains. In the past, Samsung has split its phones. For example, last year's S22 featured Qualcomm power in the US but buyers in the UK got a slightly less impressive Exynos chipset. It was highly confusing but the S23 is making things far more simple with all devices getting a Snapdragon inside. And that's not the only good news as the chip coming to these flagships is a special edition that's been made just for Samsung. It's called the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Galaxy with Qualcomm promising that it will take performance to an even higher level - in fact, the US firm says this is "the fastest Snapdragon ever." Considering the standard Gen 2 is already around 20 percent quicker than the previous Gen 1 chip, this could make the Galaxy S23 an absolute beast. Along with being blisteringly quick, it will also offer gamers a console-style experience thanks to hardware-accelerated ray tracing that can deliver graphics with life-like reflections, better lighting and more immersive illuminations. Thanks to improved efficiency, we're also expecting the S23 range to last a lot longer - that is also helped by Samsung placing bigger batteries in these devices. Another boost that comes courtesy of the Gen 2 chip is better photography with real-time image enhancement that instantly makes sure every photo looks picture-perfect. Other features powered by Qualcomm's processor include faster 5G data speeds, smarter AI plus improved Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity. In fact, all Galaxy S23 series variants feature the Qualcomm FastConnectTM 6900 and 7800 systems delivering multi-gigabit speeds. “Our strong strategic partnership with Samsung is a result of our mutual commitment to innovation and delivering the world’s best smartphone experiences to consumers,” said Cristiano Amon, president and chief executive officer, Qualcomm Incorporated. “We are thrilled to have Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Galaxy power the Galaxy S23 series globally.” And TM Roh, president and head of mobile experience business at Samsung Electronics, added: "We value our long-standing strategic partnership with Qualcomm Technologies. They are at the forefront of technology innovation and differentiation, making them the partner of choice to deliver the latest cutting-edge mobile experiences for today and beyond."