Recent reports suggest that the Government is considering bringing forward the age at which someone qualifies for their state pension. Under current Government plans, pensioners will be eligible to get the state pension at 67 by 2028. Despite this, the Government is considering changing the state pension age threshold which means people will have to wait longer for their retirement sum even earlier. As a result of this, experts are sounding the alarm that a “really difficult” time for those of state pension age awaits. Last month, reports suggested that the Government is considering bringing forward the time at which the state pension age is increased to 68. The Treasury is said to be keen on this rise in the state pension age taking place as early as 2035. This will primarily affect those who are 54 as of today, with there being discussion of the change being implemented in 2034. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come A new study into the state pension age by Age UK found this could be disastrous to the millions of low income older households across the nation. Some 3.5 million Britons aged between 50 and 64 are currently out of the workforce and also have limited savings. Around 1.5 million households under state pension age in the UK have savings[vi] of less than £5,000. Furthermore, 120,000 of these households have no savings at all and a total of 540,000 (11 households either have no savings or savings of £250 or less. According to the Age UK this is important as people who are unable to work in the run up to their state pension age often have to draw from their own savings put by their retirement. In the case of people having little or no savings to fall back on, the likelihood of people having a comfortable retirement grows less and less likely. Caroline Abrahams, the charity Director at Age UK, voiced her concerns over the Government’s reported plans to change the state pension age again. She explained: “There is no justification for raising the state pension age at the moment. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “Especially as we know that the people who will lose out the most are those unable to work due to ill health and caring responsibilities, as well as anyone with few or outdated skills and qualifications who becomes unemployed in mid-life and then finds it impossible to get another job, due in part to rampant ageism in the labour market. “Life is really difficult for many who are unable to work, but not yet old enough to receive their state pension. “When you consider that our research found a third of households aged 55-64 have savings of less than £5,000 you can see how precarious their finances really are.” The pension expert highlighted how the cost of living crisis has particularly hurt older households in recent months. Ms Abrahams added: “And with little if anything to fall back on and prices rising it must be deeply scary and a huge struggle just to make ends meet. “You can understand why many in this situation put their heads down and just try to get by. “The idea that they might have to wait even longer before receiving their State Pension is unconscionable and frankly rather cruel.”