Ben Kweller, who is a co-writer and musical collaborator of Ed Sheeran, has said that his 16-year-old son Dorian has died. The star said that Dorian, whom he described as a “gentle soul and friend to all”, was “killed last night”. Ben, who was the opening act for Ed Sheeran's 2019 tour, shared his heartache in a shocking Instagram post. Sharing a picture of Dorian, the grieving father went on to say he will “never get over” the tragedy, but has not shared the circumstances around his son's death at this time. He wrote: "There’s no way that I can be typing this but I am…. "Our son, Dorian Zev Kweller, was killed last night. He was only 16 and he was a true legend. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' "Kindest, gentle soul, a friend to all. If you knew him, you know. We’ll never get over him as long as we’re here on earth. "Please keep his spirit alive with your memories and the music he made: @reallyzev." The Collide writer continued: "Dorian Zev wrote and recorded songs every day. A true poet from the day he started speaking. "Only a few of his recordings were released but he was on a path and excited about his journey."  Ben also recalled that his son had been excited to play his debut gig in just a couple of weeks time. "He had so many plans!!!," Ben wrote. "His first gig was in two weeks, at SXSW. "My last text with him was about the merch he wanted to make. My baby boy was at the starting line with so much life ahead of him… "I have no idea why things like this happen. We’re in complete shock and don’t know what the future holds.  "Lizzy, Judah, and I have no idea how to deal with this disaster. “Thank you for your prayers and support and we apologize if we are slow to respond to messages", he concluded with a broken heart emoji. The musician’s friends and followers have since taken to the comment section to share messages of condolences to Dorian’s grieving family. “This shatters my heart. I am thinking of you and your beautiful family,” Kevin Morby wrote. “Sending all of my love. Let me know if i can help in any way possible.” (sic) The band Veruca Salt wrote: "Ben and Liz, this is truly unimaginable, and I am heartbroken for you. Sending you both so much love - Nina.” While actress Tommy Dorfman added: "I am so so sorry ben sending you so much love.” (sic) Rock band Guster commented: “We are heartbroken and feel lucky to have known him. Dorian lived sixteen years full of the love and light you gave him.”