Air fryers are currently the most popular kitchen appliance, with Google search demand for ‘air fryers’ soaring by 206 percent in the last year. But the often bulky gadget can quickly fill up precious kitchen space and many households place an air fryer wherever there is space. However, this can lead to air fryers being “potential fire hazards”. Jen Nash, Design Excellence Manager at Magnet spoke about using air fryers safely, and common mistakes homeowners can make. Jen said: “Whilst the layout of integrated appliances such as hobs and fridges are regularly spoken about and considered in kitchen design, the layout and storage of everyday countertop appliances are often overlooked and done inefficiently. “From a practical perspective, not only can this create a cluttered and disorganised kitchen space, but it can also lead to safety hazards and decrease the lifespan of specific appliances.’’ Jen shared five do’s and don’ts when it comes to having an air fryer in your kitchen. READ MORE: Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required “In a bid to stop them from slipping or minimising mess, a common mistake people make with air fryers, or any heat-emitting appliances, is placing them on tea towels,” Jen explained. “Due to the intense heat an air fryer can produce, they should never be placed on any flammable materials like tea towels or carpets as this is a potential fire hazard.” “Similarly, placing a heat-emitting appliance on kitchen surfaces that are not heat resistant is a potential fire hazard. It can also result in unwanted burn or scorch marks on your countertops. Checking the material of your worktops, therefore, is really important. “The best worktop materials built to handle heat are granite, marble, quartz and laminate. If your worktops are not heat-resistant.” DON'T MISS...Letitia Dean ‘looks amazing’ after dropping four dress sizes [PICTURES]Astrologer shares the star sign that is the luckiest in love [COMMENT]Kate's engagement ring ‘cleverly’ designed to make it look worth more [EXCLUSIVE] “Not only is keeping electrical appliances away from sinks an important safety precaution, but it’s also an important step in protecting the food you’re cooking in them from bacteria,” the expert said. “Kitchen sinks harbour more than 17,000 pieces of bacteria per square inch, so it’s certainly best to prepare food and use appliances away from it.” READ MORE: McDonald's announces fan-favourite item is returning to menus “Most air fryers have a vent that emits hot air, or items such as toastie makers, let out hot fumes as they cook,” Jen added. “To prevent insufficient ventilation and any heat marks appearing on your walls and ceilings from rising fumes, it’s crucial to leave enough space around these appliances when in use. “Stay away from using them in corners or against walls and instead stick to the five-inch rule - ensuring the appliance has at least a five-inch gap around all sides of it before use.” “Whilst it’s easy to pull out an appliance like an air fryer or slow cooker and use it wherever there’s worktop space, it shouldn’t be used in close proximity to fresh food like fruit or bread. "The heat they emit when switched on can spoil food much faster than it would typically go off.”