Long before they built a life together in Montecito with their two children, Archie and Lilibet, and became one of the most famous couples in the world, the Sussexes began their relationship in secret — a secret which Prince Harry let the world in on in his memoir, describing how he first spotted Meghan on a mutual friend’s Instagram and felt drawn to her. And it was through the same social media site that Meghan sent the world a hidden message that they were together — which could have been foiled. Before their relationship made the news in 2016, the couple “quietly dated” for six months after going on a first date at Soho House’s Dean Street Townhouse in London in the summer of that year. In his book, Spare, Harry explained that he had wanted to keep the relationship quiet for as long as possible as he did not want her to be “driven away” by the onslaught of media attention. The Duke also made clear that this had impacted his relationship with other girlfriends when speaking on the bombshell Netflix documentary, Harry & Meghan, released last year. Although the couple did keep it quiet for months, amateur sleuths might have pieced together what was developing as there were clues on Meghan’s Instagram page which was filled with pictures with friends and selfies.    In several snaps, the former Suits star is wearing an unsuspecting beaded bracelet with blue and white gems — one that strongly resembles one worn by Prince Harry. In one picture taken at Soho Farmhouse in Oxfordshire, the piece of jewellery can be seen clearly next to her passport and a book, Paul Kalanithi’s 2016 When Breath Becomes Air, that she is reading. The bracelet can also be seen in one selfie posted of her holding a coffee cup in October 2016. It read: “#TBT to my solo trip to @sfhmembers #treatyourself #UK #sohofarmhouse #farmhouse." Harry was seen wearing a bracelet that looked remarkably similar during a meeting on the charity MapAction at Kensington Palace in March of that year. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson confirms future of Clarkson's Farm after 'axe' claims   Meghan dropped a further hint that she was in a relationship, but not that her new beau was a member of the British Royal fold. She posted a cute picture of two bananas spooning with smiley, sleepy faces etched on the peel along with the caption “sleep tight”, adding two kisses at the end. Further details of their relationship have since come to light from after the couple shared the timeline of their “love story” in the Netflix docu-series. Their relationship moved relatively quickly due to the distance between them and the need to travel across the pond in order to see each other. DON'T MISS: Local councillor receives ‘offensive’ voicemail about Nicola Bulley [INSIGHT]Scotland's scheme treating alcoholics with regular top-ups of booze [FEATURE]Desperate Putin flings raw conscripts into battle [REPORT]    Alongside never before seen pictures, the Sussexes revealed that they went on a third date to Botswana, Africa, which was described as “fantastic” by the Duke. It is thought that was where Harry and Meghan got the beaded bracelets — Harry has come home with similar jewellery after trips to the region. In 2001, he was seen wearing a silver bracelet which he is believed to have purchased in Africa in 1997 following the tragic death of his mother Princess Diana in a car accident. During her lifetime, the former Princess of Wales had made several trips to Africa, carrying out humanitarian work. It is thought the bracelets Harry has worn over the years act as a reminder of his mother.   