Bond girl Gemma Arterton, 37, has finally gone public with the news she has given birth after previously welcoming her child back in December. During an appearance on Zoe Ball's BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show today, she shared that she had given birth to a baby boy. “We are very, very happy,” the star gushed excitedly. “He was born just before Christmas. A little Christmas elf.” Gemma’s newborn son is her first child with husband Rory Keenan, who starred as Donal Henry in Peaky Blinders. The pair tied the knot in a secret wedding ceremony back in 2019. The actress first announced her pregnancy back in November, when she proudly displayed her large baby bump at the Raindance Film Festival awards. READ MORE: Piers Morgan brands Fawlty Towers reboot a 'terrible idea'      In previous interviews, Gemma admitted that she was unsure about having children - although her mind has clearly changed since then. “I don't think you can ever plan the right, exact time,' she told The Times in 2013. “I don't feel ready for kids because I want to know that I can come back and still be valuable to the industry.' “That's only going to happen when I feel a little bit more accomplished...    “Or at least when I've accomplished something of which I'm proud.” Gemma and Rory started dating in 2017, reportedly hit it off after starring together in the West End play Saint Joan. He also starred as Shep in Netflix series The Duchess alongside comedian Katherine Ryan.  READ MORE... Amanda Holden told she 'looks like a 25-year-old' in lingerie pics [UPDATE]Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady [LATEST]Trevor Noah aims funny jibe at Prince Harry during Grammy Awards [NEWS]      Speaking to Red in 2020, she Gemma said of her husband: “I wasn't really thinking about a relationship or marriage [...] “When I met Rory, very early on I thought, 'Oh, I hope he asks me to marry him one day!’” "He has the most beautiful soul and I think he was raised by amazing parents and has an incredible family,” she continued. “He's a really good man. I think that as you get older, that's what you need, that's what you want. I just want to feel like I'm with someone that is good and makes me feel good."     Before her marriage to Rory, Gemma was married to Italian businessman Stefano Catelli, who she separated from in 2012 after two years of marriage. The couple wed in Spain during an intimate ceremony surrounded by a small gathering of family and friends. Back in 2013, the star admitted she had lost faith in marriage, telling Marie Claire: “I don't know how I feel about marriage; whether it's really necessary. “If you are not religious, what does it mean? I'd always thought that – then I got married. And now I still believe in what I believed in when I was a child.” However, Gemma has clearly found the right person to spend the rest of her life with, and is now looking forward to all the joys motherhood will bring.   