Nick is not set to take on a new role which is worlds away from his days on DIY SOS. On Tuesday evening, he joined The One Show presenters Jermaine Jenas and Lauren Laverne to discuss his upcoming Channel 5 series Into the Grand Canyon and admitted he faced a fear that he developed at the age of 35. After watching a trailer for the new series, Jermaine asked: "I mean, you have clearly learnt a lot about the Grand Canyon and everything within it. "But you mentioned earlier about the skywalk and this was a bit of a personal battle for yourself as well, wasn't it? "I mean you have said that you struggle with heights and stuff." Explaining what had happened, Nick said: "Weirdly, somewhere around the age of 35 I suddenly developed a fear of heights." READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue A clip was played from the upcoming series, which saw Nick walking across the skywalk. He explained: "You can see here, you are walking on top of a 3,500-foot drop underneath. "It was the weirdest feeling in the world and my knees were like jelly, my stomach was turning over, and my head was swimming. "But, you have got to do it. You have got to challenge yourself and get out there and do these things. "There are lots of things that I don't really like, I am a reluctant adventurer, but that is the point really. "Challenge yourself, don't think just because your 60 and as I say I am a big unit but it doesn't mean you can't get out there and have a go at these things." During his time on the show, Nick also made a shocking revelation about the topping he has on top of his pancakes to celebrate Shrove Tuesday. Lauren quizzed: "Nick, many people right now will be tucking into their pancakes as it's Pancake Day, of course, but I hear you break from the traditional lemon and sugar?" Nick confidently replied: "Yeah gravy. It's a big call, I know," before guest Rita Wilson called his choice "bold". DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [WATCH]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [LATEST]Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm [INSIGHT] Explaining his reason, Nick explained: "If you think about it, it's the same recipe as the batter base for a Yorkshire pudding so it's only a flat Yorkshire pudding. Jermaine replied: "I don't know if people are going to see it that way if I'm honest but we move on," before Lauren added: "There's a psychological barrier that I just can't get past." However, his admission sent viewers into a frenzy and left them discussing his choice on their Twitter accounts. Ollie Pope praised: "Nick Knowles putting gravy on his pancakes because they're like Yorkshire puds... Absolute genius, what a hero." @emzhollis disagreed: "Nick Knowles has just said on The One Show that he has gravy on his," alongside a sick emoji. Sonya Franklin said: "No no no it's honey and lemon for me." Annie Maynes exclaimed: "Wow! Nick Knowles putting gravy on pancakes has opened a whole new world for me! Savoury and sweet!" (sic) The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.