Nick Kyrgios has explained an incident which saw him fined for imitating a sex act with a water bottle during his 2018 Queen’s Club semi-final. In a new podcast appearance, the world No 19 revealed that he was fined £12,400 ($15,000) for the incident and shared why he decided to do it.  While Kyrgios has been sidelined following knee surgery, the Aussie has still kept people talking about him with his latest appearance on Logan Paul’s Impaulsive podcast, which counts the likes of Mike Tyson as former guests. The seven-time title winner discussed a range of subjects with a lot of attention given to his on-court antics and outbursts, which have often seen him hit with hefty fines. On the subject of his financial penalties, Kyrgios recalled an incident from the ATP 500 in Queen’s five years ago as he revealed he was his with a £12k ($15k) fee for imitating a sex act with a water bottle during a changeover in his semi-final match against Marin Cilic. The world No 19 famously pretended to masturbate with a bottle, and has now explained what made him do it. “I was at this really prestigious tournament and I pretended to jerk off with a water bottle, I got fined $15,000,” Kyrgios told Paul and his co-hosts Mike Majlak, and George Janko. Explaining why he thought he was slapped with the fee, he added: “It’s bad for tennis.” JUST IN: Messi responds to Nadal after being left 'speechless' by message When the Wimbledon finalist was quizzed over what made him imitate the act mid match, he explained: “I just don’t know. I was looking at my team, my team was in the box just having fun. And this is semi-finals of like a really prestigious event. And I don’t know, I just felt like doing it. The face is the best bit.” The Queen’s fine wasn’t the only one Kyrgios discussed either, as he addressed his appearance in last year’s Wimbledon final, where he lost to Novak Djokovic in four sets. The tournament famously requires players to wear all white but the 27-year-old often opted to walk onto court in a red hat and shoes before changing at his bench for the match. DON'T MISSBillionaire Pegula pushing for same pay as Djokovic, Nadal and coNovak Djokovic press conference details emerge as Serb to tell allMurray and Zverev downplay injury woes ahead of blockbuster Doha clash And last year’s Aussie Open men’s doubles champion revealed that his decision to don the red accessories for the trophy presentation following the final earned him yet another penalty, as he added: “I wore a red hat and red shoes for the presentation, I got fined I think like almost 10 grand as well.” Kyrgios also told the podcast: “I’m the leading fine guy. I don’t know why I’m saying that so proudly.” The former world No 13 is yet to play an official match this year after his knee injury forced him out of the Aussie Open to undergo surgery, but he previously targeted next month’s Indian Wells Masters for his comeback. 