A French Bulldog named Ralphie is up for adoption, but he comes with a warning label. While most adoption advertisements would focus on a dog's better qualities, the Niagara Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) said it found few to list. "We don’t actually have too many nice things to say so we’re just going to come out with it," the shelter wrote in Facebook post last month. The upstate New York-based shelter said that although Ralphie, "at first glance", was an adorable, young and highly sought after pup, this was far from the reality. "People should be banging down our doors for him. We promise you, that won't be the case. Ralphie is a terror in a somewhat small package," the shelter wrote. Ralphie's relationship with his first owners "ended abruptly" and he was rehomed a first time. This also didn't work out. "Two weeks into this new home and he was surrendered to us because 'annoys our older dog'. What they actually meant was: Ralphie is a fire-breathing demon and will eat our dog, but hey, he's only 26lbs," the SPCA said.  "Lots of people withheld Ralphie's less than desirable traits, but we're going to tell you all about it. He's a whole jerk- not even half. Everything belongs to him. If you dare test his ability to possess THE things, wrath will ensue. If you show a moment of weakness, prepare to be exploited. Sounds fun, huh?" The shelter went on to say that Ralphie's ideal home would be with "the Mother of Dragons" from Game of Thrones. More seriously, the post added: "Or an adult home free of other animals, with an owner who will lead him calmly and sternly- putting up with zero crap." Ralphie did end up being adopted after the original January post, however as of last week he is back at the SPCA as he proved more than his new owner could handle.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan branded 'biggest snowflakes' over South Park response "She now understands that Ralphie IS that good-looking bad boy everyone's mama warns them about," the shelter quipped. On Valentine's day, the shelter made a post asking for donations for Ralphie's board and training, which would cost $6,000. The post said the shelter was "committed to helping him" and asked for donations. The SPCA even created a Ralphie "hoodie" to be sold with a portion of the proceeds going to the shelter. The post raised more than $6,000 and Ralphie was set to be enrolled in training today, February 20, according to Niagara SPCA. 