Call the Midwife returns to BBC One with episode six and it sees Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) thrown into a challenging case involving an underage mother. Meanwhile, Sister Monica Joan (Judy Parfitt) welcomes an unusual guest into Nonnatus House and Fred Buckle (Cliff Parisi) worries about the pressure one of his paperboys is under. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who else is joining the cast. Joey Fletcher is a young paperboy under Fred's care and he is played by Dylan Mynett. The young actor has previously starred in Silent Witness and Chemistry of Death.  Nigel Jones is played by Owen Baxter, who describes himself as a "highly enthusiastic actor and writer interested in playing energetic young males across theatre and film/tv". His previous credits include Right Now and Young Wallander. Heather O'Dwyer is played by Lucy Burrows, a teenage actress who has starred in The Bard's Curse. She is a student at Tomorrow's Talent musical theatre school. READ MORE: Call The Midwife fans concerned over future of series Beattie Jones is played by Louise Breckon-Richards, an actress and playwright. Her TV credits include We hunt together, Coronation Street, Temple, Sherlock and Midsomer Murders. She has also written five full-length plays, and one screenplay, including Four O’clock Flowers which is now also a feature film.  Jimmy O'Dwyer is played by Sean Campion, a 63-year-old Irish actor known for his role in Borgia. His other credits include Father Brown, Vera, Holby City and EastEnders.  Edith O'Dwyer is played by Connie Walker, an Irish actress known for her roles in Blackpool and Holby City. She may also be recognised for starring in Silent Witness, The Bill and Pennyworth. Gerard Fletcher is played by Michael Lindall, who most recently starred in A Violent Man, Temple and A Discovery of Witches. Viewers may have also seen him in Deep State, Genius and Guilt.  Miss Scriven is played by Rhiannon Neads, whose credits include Father Brown, Doctors and The Canterville Ghost.  Jane Fellows is played by Amy Billett, but not much is known about the actress at this stage. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife’s Jenny Agutter wows in snaps from over 50 years ago [PHOTOS] Olly Rix's life away from Call the Midwife from stage to crime drama [INSIGHT] Call the Midwife’s Shelagh Turner star on return of fan favourites [INTERVIEW] Eddy is played by Billy Byers, a child actor who is performing in his professional West End debut, Watch on the Rhine, starring Patricia Hodge. He has also starred in BBC series Ghosts and the film Napoleon. Barry is played by Aston Williams, an actor who played a young Felix Westwood in flashback scenes airing in August 2022.  Dr Gallagher is played by Robin Kermode, a 64-year-old actor, author and communications coach. He is best known for his roles in Iron Lady, She Stoops to Conquer and Blithe Spirit. Karen Archer has a guest role in the episode and she has had various roles in Doctors. Viewers may also recognise her from Holby City, Law and Order: UK and The Bill.  The magistrates' clerk is played by Jeremy Drakes and he is mostly known for his theatre roles. He has starred in The Last Motel, A Christmas Carol and Three Women.  Call the Midwife airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm.