Jesse Marsch would be an ideal candidate to take the USA national team job after being sacked by Leeds United, according to former USMNT star Eric Wynalda. The American coach saw his reign at Elland Road end prematurely after 11 months in charge, following their 1-0 defeat to Nottingham Forest on Sunday. The 49-year-old, who was appointed in March 2022 as the successor for Marcelo Bielsa, was under pressure after a run of just two wins in 17 games left the Yorkshire side down in 17th place. And the Whites confirmed the departure of their head coach on Monday after their defeat at the City Ground left the board with little option but to dismiss the former RB Leipzig coach. However, he may not be out of work for long. Reports suggest he could be the prime candidate to replace Gregg Berhalter as the USA's next coach and it is understood the US Soccer Federation delayed their decision on appointing a manager hoping that Marsch would become available. It is understood from the report that Marsch would 'jump' at the chance to take the role after previously talking up the opportunity to lead his country at the 2026 World Cup, and former US international Wynalda believes the two parties would align perfectly. READ MORE: Leeds may move for Carlos Corberan after sacking Marsch  "Jesse is a good fit for several reasons. He's very familiar with the federation, has a very intelligent approach to scouting and understands the mentality," Action Network ambassador Wynalda exclusively told Express Sport. "[He] has coached numerous American players and will be a breath of fresh air to the media. His tactics are fairly clear and a continuation of his work at his three previous stops - New York Red Bull, Salzburg and RB Leipzig. "The experiment did not work in Leeds but it might be far better suited to the American roster. The media will enjoy a Jesse marsh return more than anybody... he enjoys the spotlight." DON'T MISSLeeds board have five candidates to replace Jesse MarschMarcelo Bielsa stance on returning to Leeds as Marsch sackedLeeds may replace Marsch with Corberan after American sacked  With newly-appointed CEO and secretary general JT Batson continuing the search for a new boss, Wynalda predicted that Marsch will only be out of work for a short period of time if he can be convinced by Batson's vision. "I’m certain that the new CEO, JT Batson, will be speaking to him within the next couple weeks," he added. "Jesse has always been somewhat combative throughout his managerial career in the negotiating phase. He will be more interested in their plan and their expectations."  Marsch brought in three American players during his time in Yorkshire, with Brenden Aaronson, Tyler Adams and Weston McKennie joining up with the Premier League side under his watch. And while Wynalda hinted that having a fresh take on the pool of talent available would make Marsch a popular choice - after a fallout between Berhalter and Borussia Dortmund's Gio Reyna disrupted their World Cup preparations - he has been urged to stay objective. "I think all the players will feel a sense of opportunity to impress," he added. "An unbiased opinion of the player pool is vital." Wynalda was speaking as an ambassador for Action Network. 