Many orchids bloom from January to March, although some do bloom during the winter months. Experts at BabyBio® told Express.co.uk: “Orchids are wonderfully delicate houseplants that have been firm favourites in households for years thanks to their beautiful blooms which can last for months. “Yet, it’s no secret that they have specific requirements and therefore must be treated carefully, a reputation which has caused many plant enthusiasts to be wary of owning an orchid. The key to orchid care is all in the environment.” If cared for properly, the houseplant can bloom several times a year if you’re lucky, blooming for around six to 10 weeks at a time. However, it is known to be hard for owners to get a repeat bloom, but it is definitely possible. The experts added: “Most orchid owners will admit that getting their plants to repeat bloom can be extremely difficult. READ MORE: ‘Outdated’ kitchen features to 'avoid' or risk devaluing your home “Their nutritional needs are unique and need fertilising both when in bloom and dormant. “We recommend using an orchid feed like Baby Bio® Orchid Feed with every water for the brightest blooms. “Once your plant’s flowers have fallen, you can encourage it to re-bloom the following season by pruning the whole flower stem and continuing to care for it as usual while it lies dormant. “Remember there are many species of orchids, so each should be treated according to its requirements. DON'T MISS:Six ‘interior designer’ changes to upgrade your bathroom [COMMENT]Four plants to prune now for successful growth in the garden this year [INSIGHT]Four ‘simple’ DIY methods to draught-proof windows for under £5 [EXPLAINER] “We recommend the phalaenopsis moth orchid variety for beginners!” To prune an orchid, an expert has shared an easy guide to make sure you are doing the job correctly. Gardening expert at Hayes Garden World, Angela Slater, said: “The flower spike must be cut back to the next node on the flower stem when there are two fresh flowers on the end of the spike. “If you wait until the flowers have faded, the sap will have stopped rising and will not produce a new shoot. Whilst the flowers are still fresh the sap is rising and should produce a new shoot from the node within a couple of months. READ MORE: Four ‘very offensive’ plants ‘effective’ at deterring rats “Do not despair if you have left it too long, just cut the whole stem to the bottom, it will just take longer for the plant to flower again, maybe up to a year.” Houseplant owners should only water the roots when they are grey, if they are green, it means the orchid has enough moisture. An orchid will also appreciate owners mimicking its natural environment, which includes growing on rough bark rather than in soil. Make sure to always pot these plants in bark-based orchid compost as it helps to promote drainage and prevent the plant becoming waterlogged. The houseplants’ roots can easily rot if left in wet compost, so it is important to make sure the soil has dried between watering. To prevent overwatering, owners can mist an orchid regularly or place them near a tray of wet pebbles. Baby Bio® pros added: “Orchids get most of their moisture from the air and therefore prefer high humidity, so mist the foliage and aerial roots daily or place the plant next to a tray of wet pebbles to increase air humidity. “Consider planting them in rooms that are naturally more humid.”