An ashen-face witness has told of their first words to police after alerting them to a body found along the River Wyre just a mile from where Nicola Bulley disappeared. The man told police he believed the body was a woman. Lancashire Police rushed to the scene on Sunday after passers-by contacted police to report what they believed was a body. Shortly after, the force confirmed they had found a body but it has not yet been formally identified. The Mirror reports that one of the walkers told police: "It was a body. It is down there. It was a body of a woman. There is definitely a body down there.” A police helicopter, drones, the senior investigatig officer in the case and divers were all spotted at the scene on Sunday. The witness said police were "flying down the road with the blues and twos going after he heard a man talking about something in the undergrowth of the river. He continued: "Five minutes later the helicopter arrived. Officers asked to me get out so I moved 200 yards down the road. "I could still clearly see the man pointing at the riverbank. Then more police cars raced down with the blues and twos going. They cleared the entire road." Shortly after crime scene investigators arrived at the scene and a white tent was erected. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's partner speaks of 'agony' after body found in search In a statement, police said there were called at around 11.36am with reports of a body close to Rawcliffe Road. They continued: "No formal identification has yet been carried out, so we are unable to say whether this is Nicola Bulley at this time. "Procedures to identify the body are ongoing. We are currently treating the death as unexplained. "Nicola’s family have been informed of developments and our thoughts are with them at this most difficult of times. We ask that their privacy is respected." Speaking after the discovery, Nicola's partner Paul Ansell said he had "no words right now, just agony", in a statement shared with Sky News. He added: "We're all together, we have to be strong."  Earlier in the case police said they were working on the hypothesis Nicola had fallen into the river and did not believe there was any third party involvement. Last week the force revealed Nicola was classed as a "high-risk" missing person immediately after her partner reported her disappearance "based on a number of specific vulnerabilities". They face criticism after adding that she had been struggling with alcohol issues and the menopause, and had stopped taking HRT medication. Former victims' commissioner Dame Vera Baird said she believed the force had made a "dreadful error" in releasing the details. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said he was "concerned" over the release of the information.