Manchester United are reportedly showing signs of interest in Argentinian World Cup winner Paulo Dybala. Roma could lose the silky forward, who Jose Mourinho recently called 'one of the best in the world', with foreign clubs able to activate a bargain release clause in the summer. Dybala has been one of the biggest names in European football since impacting Serie A as a teenager with Palermo. He spent seven years with Juventus before joining Roma in the summer, for whom he has notched 14 goal contributions in just 16 league games this term. The 29-year-old has put together an esteemed career, coming on in the World Cup final last year to net in the shootout, and United are among those attentive to his situation. According to Calciomercato, the Red Devils are joined by Newcastle United in showing 'the first signs' of interest. United may be hard pressed to find a player of such quality for a cheaper price during the summer, with a modest £10.7million release clause included in his Roma contract. READ MORE: Football news LIVE - Arsenal bust-up, Mbappe's 'Man Utd' message  The fee would be higher for clubs in Italy - just shy of £18m - increasing the likelihood of a move to the Premier League if he does decide to cut his stint at the Stadio Olimpico short. Roma are currently among the chasing pack in Serie A, sitting in fourth spot as Napoli power towards the title. Former United boss Mourinho, who is currently in charge of Dybala with the Giallorossi, showered the forward with praise back in October. "He is doing a very good job," insisted the Portuguese. DON'T MISS...Barcelona 'face relegation' amid probe into alleged referee paymentMan Utd sent painful Frenkie de Jong reminder as Xavi twists knifeArsenal one step ahead of rivals after 'holding talks' for Vitor Roque "He knows his players perfectly and he knows that from the midfield onwards, Argentina has a lot of options but for me Dybala is one of the best players in the world. Dybala has taken this responsibility to be an important player for Roma. He has the tranquillity of great players and I think that with the 60,000 at the stadium, he will be at the top." Dybala faces a tough decision over the coming months, as he can reportedly remove the release clause by renewing his contract, which would also come with a healthy salary increase. Amid his hot streak of form and interest from the Premier League, however, he seems to be keeping his cards close to his chest. "The clause is a matter between my attorneys and the club, but I don’t know what will happen at the end of the season," claimed the former Juve star. "And if I don’t know what’s going to happen with me, let alone the coach [Mourinho], you have to ask him. "I’d like to be coached by him because he’s one of the best and I’d like to win with him, but for now I’m only thinking about the match against [Red Bull] Salzburg. I hope Roma play in the Champions League next season."