Real Madrid icon Luka Modric has admitted his surprise over Liverpool's struggles so far this season - but believes his side cannot be overconfident going into their Champions League last-16 first leg clash against the Reds on Tuesday due to Los Blancos' own patchy form. Liverpool have endured a torrid campaign so far, with Jurgen Klopp's team languishing down down in ninth place in the Premier League. And the Champions League is realistically all they have left to play for, with the Merseysiders having been knocked out of the Carabao Cup and FA Cup. Madrid themselves are not exactly at their very best either, however. They are eight points behind bitter rivals and La Liga leaders Barcelona, and have recently failed to beat the likes of Mallorca, Real Sociedad and Villarreal. Both Liverpool and Madrid tend to save their best performances for Europe's elite competition, however. And speaking ahead of next week's game, Modric admitted the two teams had plenty of common going into the mouthwatering contest. "I am really surprised that Liverpool are so far from the first place in the Premier League, but they can also say the same about us at the moment in La Liga," he said. "So, I’m not saying anything! “Seeing the Liverpool squad, we know that at any time they can react and start to come back in the season. I hope it won't be in these two Champions League games against us but we have to be ready. “Despite our league seasons, a Liverpool-Real match is one of the best shows that the world of football can offer. It's a shame that the draw has led to us playing so early in the competition because it would have been a great Champions League final.  “In terms of this first leg I think defences could be the key. I don’t see a lot of goals in the match. It will probably be two very even matches, but I see Real as favourites and we’ll go to Anfield looking for a victory." Some have suggested that Liverpool will be gunning for revenge, with Klopp's men having tasted bitter defeat to Madrid in the final of the Champions League in both 2022 and 2018 as well as being knocked out by them in the quarters in 2021. And Modric added: “I understand that Liverpool will probably be seeking a sporting revenge against us. It is normal after the last results in European competitions between the two. But we’ll be ready. They will be two exciting matches, which is always the case when two great clubs of Spain and England face other. We believe we will go through.”