This week Outer Banks finally returned to Netflix with the premiere of season three and a major change. With Madelyn Cline taking over the narration, the actress detailed her new key role.   WARNING: This article contains spoilers from all seasons of Outer Banks Season three of Outer Banks came with a number of surprising changes, including the voiceover. Since the teen drama first landed in 2020, fans have grown familiar with hearing John B’s (played by Chase Stokes) voice during the narration. However, many were pleasantly surprised to hear Sarah take the reins as she detailed the group’s adventure. In a recent interview, the actress opened up about her role and stated: “I was really, really excited that they trusted me with it this year." READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson  Madelyn explained: “It's always been John B’s, but Sarah’s journey is kind of internal [this season], and a voice-over feels like the voice in your head, it’s very personal. “Sarah faces a lot of emotional challenges and some decisions that are not easy. “So I’m grateful for it because it lets the audience into her thoughts and feelings and that’s helpful.” "It’s a very cool process to be a part of,” the 25-year-old added to Tudum.  Outer Banks follows the adventures of John B and his friends Sarah, Kiara (Madison Bailey), Pope (Jonathan Daviss), and JJ (Rudy Pankow), known as the Pogues. After a chance discovery of a sunken ship, the four embark on a hunt for long-lost treasure and John B’s missing father, Big John Rutledge (Charles Halford). However, fans will recall the jaw-dropping season two finale when he was discovered to be alive and well, after being presumed dead. The show kicked off with a one-month time jump from when the Pogues washed up on a deserted island, which they now call home or “Poguelandia.” DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [INSIGHT]Outer Banks’ Chase Stokes confirms romance with girlfriend Kelsea [INSIGHT]Outer Banks star Alexander Jennings tragically died aged 22 [INSIGHT]  They were able to make their way back to civilisation after an aeroplane landed near the shore to rescue them. Their suspicions led them to rifle through the pilot Jimmy Portis’ (Kraig Dane) bag, where they discovered a book on El Dorado and a photo of the big ship they escaped from at the end of season two. As Jimmy tried to stop the pogues, a fight broke out and he lost control of the plane, which resulted in a crash landing. Although everyone survived the terrifying ordeal, some suspicious men arrived on ATVs and took Jimmy and Kiara, while the rest of the group watched on in shock.   As the two were separated Kiara was brought to a lavish house, locked in a room and told to choose between three dresses. After choosing, Kiara saw Sarah’s older brother Rafe Cameron (Drew Starkey) attempting to sell the gold cross. As for the others, the friends were able to track Jimmy to his house and used their intel to Singh Elsewhere in Barbados, the show revisited Big John who was staying with Carla Limbrey (Elizabeth Mitchell), as he decided not to make contact with his son yet. Outer Banks seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix. 