The Super Bowl is a cultural spectacle - and the commercials seen by millions of adoring fans during halftime are as famous as the game itself. Companies that are looking to bag themselves a 30-second slot during the big game will need to have deep pockets as the cost has once again reached eye-watering levels, although it hasn’t stopped FanDuel teaming up with Rob Gronkowski. When the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles come in for the break, Rihanna will take to the stage as the halftime show performer. This is what makes the Super Bowl so unique: fans watch for the game, some wait for the halftime show, and others are following along for the commercials. The commercials are renowned for being pricey, but how expensive are they exactly? According to Front Office Sports, FOX - the network broadcasting the anticipated game - set the Super Bowl ad price starting at $7 million (£5.8m) for a 30-second window during the game. It represents a large increase on Super Bowl LVI between the Los Angeles Rams and Cincinnati Bengals, where 30-second adverts cost $6.5m (£5.4m). The jump between that year and Super Bowl LV in 2021 was even more steep after commercials during the clash between Tom Brady’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Patrick Mahomes’ Kansas City Chiefs were priced at $5.6m. READ MORE: Super Bowl player indicted on rape and kidnapping charges The alarming price hikes mean next year’s Super Bowl - set to be hosted at the Raiders’ Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas - could see ads cost around $7.5m for just 30 seconds of air time. The rising prices won’t stop some companies, though: Front Office Sports also reported that Anheuser-Busch reportedly purchased three minutes of airtime for $20m. FanDuel’s commercial with Gronkowski is the most anticipated heading into Super Bowl week. The ad is called ‘The Kick of Destiny’ and has been preceded by a month-long campaign of commercials which went live during the Wild Card round of the NFL playoffs as well as Conference Championship Sunday. FanDuel reportedly paid $10m to set up the commercial with the NFL legend after executive vice president of marketing Andrew Sneyd told his ad agency he didn’t want to just make a Super Bowl ad but be a genuine part of the big game. As a result, Gronkowski is set to kick a field goal live during the Super Bowl in front of over 120 million people watching. DON'T MISSNFL pundit studio reduced to silence as Tom Brady declares retirementTom Brady could still reverse retirement again as NFL teams' theory emNFL fans think Tom Brady dropped retirement hint before announcement “When I first told him the idea, that we would cut from commercial, we’d be live, and someone’s going to kick a field goal in front of 120 million people, and Rob, we want that person to be you. He said, ‘But I catch, I don’t kick.’” Sneyd said. “We took that line and put it in the first ad.” On working with Gronkowski, Sneyd added: “He is genuinely one of the nicest celebrities to work with, and he was up for anything.” The four-time Super Bowl champion is certainly taking his kick seriously. Back in November, TMZ Sports reported Gronkowski was practicing on a field to ignite speculation regarding another NFL comeback only for it to emerge he was likely just training for the advert.