Arsenal boosted their hopes of winning the Premier League title with a dramatic 4-2 victory over Aston Villa on Saturday. The Gunners had gone into the game on a low after a 3-1 defeat to Manchester City in midweek. However, an own goal from Emiliano Martinez after a Jorginho thunderbolt and Gabriel Martinelli strike gave Mikel Arteta’s side all three points. Arsenal went behind against Villa in the fifth minute, with Ollie Watkins opening the scoring. Bukayo Saka proceeded to draw the Gunners level 11 minutes later, with the England international clocking up his ninth goal of the campaign in the process. Villa went ahead again through Philippe Coutinho, who bagged his first goal of the season. Oleksandr Zinchenko drove home an equaliser in the second half and, at the death, Jorginho’s thunderbolt strike hit Martinez on the head and bobbled in before Martinelli made the result safe. Express Sport now takes a look at four things we learned from the game. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Three players nearly let Arteta down as Arsenal dropped more points in their quest for the biggest trophy on offer. William Saliba should have done more to prevent Watkins’ opener, with the Villa star easily getting the better of the Arsenal defender. The same can be said for Ben White, with the England international failing to prevent a cross from Alex Moreno Lopera in the build-up to Coutinho’s goal. And Eddie Nketiah looked toothless up top, too. Fortunately for the trio, Martinez’s late own goal was enough to prevent them from copping some flak. Arsenal’s best two players this season have been Saka and Martin Odegaard. And the two both put in strong showings, even if their side were unable to emerge from the contest with victory to their name. Saka posed a threat all game long, despite appearing to be struggling with an injury, with the Arsenal star also getting on the scoresheet. And Odegaard continued his fine form with yet another assist, too, even if he should have done more with a glorious late chance. The day offered up more proof of who Arteta’s talismanic figures at the club are - and Saka and Odegaard will be key if they’re to go all the way. Jorginho hasn’t exactly set the world alight since joining Arsenal from Chelsea last month. But the Italy international has now made his mark, with his spectacular strike late on paying off - even if Martinez got the final touch. Before the fixture, Arsenal hadn’t won a game since Jorginho’s arrival. Yet that run is over and there will be renewed hopes of title glory following the dramatic result. It’s been a rough period for Arsenal of late. They lost to City during the week, having previously failed to beat the likes of Everton and Brentford. Now, however, it’s clear they have the courage of champions. Arsenal of recent years would have imploded after falling behind twice against Villa. But this team has some courage to it these days, as their late double proves.