Cleaning the oven is one of the most dreaded household chores, but it's easier than you may think if you have the right ingredients. While baking soda is often the go-to remedy for scrubbing away stubborn oil stains and dirty residue, you can do an "even better" job with another cheap ingredient - white vinegar. According to one DIY expert, it is both "faster" and "more effective" - and requires much less elbow grease. All it takes is one burnt meal in the oven to fog up the glass pane, so the build-up after several months without cleaning can be particularly hard to remove. Though there are many hands-free remedies available to buy in shops to blitz the inside of the appliance, scrubbing the delicate surface of the door requires more targeted treatments. Exfoliating stubborn residue with grainy baking soda is a great way to lift thick grease and grime, but it can be a messy job. Instead, Veronica Sparks, a cleaning expert at 21Oak recommended swapping it for white vinegar. She explained that steaming the acidic liquid in a hot oven is the easiest way to use it, and is particularly handy if you're short on time to get scrubbing. READ MORE: Four ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid To clean your oven door, you will need a few more tools than just distilled vinegar. Gather water, dish soap, a metal paint scraper, a steel wool scrubbing sponge, an oven-safe baking dish and a clean cloth. As with most oven cleaning tips, this steaming hack works best when the oven is hot, so start by preheating it to a moderate temperature (around 180C). Next, mix equal parts boiling water and vinegar in the baking dish. Once the oven is hot enough, place the dish in the oven on the middle rack and turn the appliance off. Leave the dish for 20 minutes, or until the oven is no longer hot before attempting to remove any dirt from the door. DON'T MISS5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [EXPERT]5 ‘must-have’ low maintenance plants for ‘colourful’ winter gardens [COMEMNT]Three ‘natural home remedies’ to ‘effectively’ get rid of bed bugs [TIPS] Once cooled, remove the dish and throw away the vinegar solution. Get to work on the stains by using the paint scraper to lift large chunks of food and other debris. Using your clean cloth, wipe away the residual dirt to partially clear the surface. At this point, you can start scrubbing with steel wool or a hard-bristled brush. Do this to target stubborn stains and hard-to-reach specs on the corners of the glass. You may find it easier to wet the brush while doing so. Wipe once more using a damp cloth and move onto the polishing stage. For this, you can simply dab a drop of undiluted vinegar onto the glass and buff it in circular motions with a dry rag. Veronica said: "Steam is highly effective at loosening stuck-on grime, particularly in the kitchen. This is similar to the microwave cleaning hack where you microwave a mug of water for a few minutes before wiping out the microwave itself. "The heated water creates steam which loosens burnt-on dirt and grime. Adding vinegar to the mix for this method sanitises and deodorises your oven as well." While the typical chemical-free method of cleaning the oven is to use a baking soda paste, this method can be done in a fraction of the time. If you do choose to use baking soda instead, you will need to leave the paste to work on the door for at least one hour.  A sparkling clean oven is easy to achieve using vinegar or baking soda, though it can be made even easier by removing the door before cleaning it. Many people don’t know that their oven doors are easily removable. In most cases, the door should open fully until it creates a perfect right angle with the upright oven compartment. Once it's all the way down, you should be able to see two hinges on the side. You can move these levers and then close the door slowly until only partially shut. By this point, you should be able to gently lift the glass door off the hinges and lay them flat on a surface ready to be cleaned. You can purchase distilled white vinegar for just 29p in Tesco stores.