The issue of the Northern Ireland Protocol has proved hugely problematic since the UK left the European Union. The Protocol provides, in effect, that Northern Ireland remains in the EU’s single market in goods. As a consequence, goods passing from Great Britain to Northern Ireland are subject to checks, resulting in significant disruption to supply lines, to ensure that they comply with EU standards. Those standards are changing constantly. The Brussels legislation factory keeps churning out new laws that apply automatically to Northern Ireland, without reference to its people or their elected representatives. Any disputes over the application of those laws are adjudicated by the European Court of Justice (ECJ), the EU’s own supreme court. It is an intolerable, profoundly undemocratic, state of affairs. Slowly but surely, Northern Ireland is becoming dislodged from the rest of the UK, contrary to the will of its people. In retrospect, the Protocol has proved to be a huge mistake. Parliament was wrong to approve it. But the fact that a mistake was made does not mean that it should not be put right. Boris Johnson, to his credit, recognised the error and introduced the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill in the summer of last year.  The Bill enables the Government to disapply the Protocol unilaterally, enabling the problems associated with the checks on goods to be fixed. It passed through the Commons without amendment, but its progress has slowed since it arrived in the Lords. We are now told that the EU are prepared to agree a deal that will, they say, resolve the problem of the Protocol. The passage of goods into Northern Ireland will be eased by creating red and green channels at the ports of entry to minimise the number of checks and ease the disruption. The role of the ECJ will be reduced to that of a court of last resort. And that, it would appear, will be that. Except it won’t be. Northern Ireland will still automatically absorb hundreds of new laws and regulations made in Brussels. Its people will have no say in that process. The ECJ will still be the supreme legal authority. Northern Ireland will effectively be a colony of the EU. And it is extraordinarily unlikely that the EU will agree to any more negotiations over its status.  Rishi Sunak has the power to stop that from happening. He can reject the EU’s proposals. He can insist that Northern Ireland should cease to be subject to EU law and that, consequently, the role of the ECJ should end. He can point out that it is highly anomalous for any democratic state to be subject to the laws of a foreign government and the jurisdiction of a foreign court. And he can make clear that if the EU doesn’t agree, he will press on with the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill. This is the time for Rishi Sunak to show the steel and resolve needed to restore sovereignty in the whole of the United Kingdom. It is his moment. And he must seize it. 