John Torode, 57, met his wife Lisa Faulkner, 50, when she appeared on Celebrity MasterChef in 2010, with the pair forming a relationship years later. The BBC star has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about his and Lisa's marriage, candidly admitting that he struggles to spend time with the former Holby City actress due to his busy work schedule, leaving him to "disappear" for days at a time. John and Lisa are not shy of working together, having secured many joint cooking shows in recent years, including ITV's John and Lisa's Weekend Kitchen. The pair married in 2019, following their engagement at the end of 2018, and their relationship appears to be going from strength to strength. Express.co.uk asked John about how his and Lisa's relationship works and how they balance their work and home life. He replied: "So we do very different things at different times, so we are not always together and we’re not always home. READ MORE: Fern Britton's ex Phil Vickery gets cryptic in surprising tweet "I’ve even been away a few days this week and I only got back yesterday. "So you know, I’m in the house for a couple of hours and then I disappear and when she has stuff on, we probably won’t see each other all weekend." John then shared how much he and Lisa enjoy joint ventures, due to their struggle to spend time together regularly. He continued: "So, you know when it actually comes to working together, it's actually really nice. Oh, yeah. It helps because we like each other which is good and she's quite attractive, you know? "We bounce off each other really nicely. I'm the chef and trained as a chef, she's a cook who observes her trade at home. "After being on MasterChef and going into professional kitchens, she's really good at taking the confusion and making it accessible and just making it all a little bit easier." "If she’s taught me anything, it’s that you can take something and be able to get rid of all the myths and make it that little bit easier so everybody can do it." John is known for being the face of BBC's Masterchef alongside his colleague and close friend Gregg Wallace. DON'T MISS... Austin Butler shares 'what they don't tell you about winning' awards [HOLLYWOOD] Debbie Harry looks radiant as she ditches signature blonde hair [PICS] Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon refused entry to Marc Jacobs show [INSIGHT] John and Gregg met in 1993 when the latter was the chef's fruit and vegetable supplier at Sydney Street restaurant, prior to MasterChef's first series in 2005. Speaking about their offscreen friendship, John revealed: "We have an amazing relationship whereby we sort of chat to each other by text but we don’t really hang out together. "One of the great things about working with somebody like that, where you do have a different life, is we've got a different opinion on everything, and we do have different opinions on everything." John has been partnered with Ninja Kitchen for the last year, with the chef ecstatic about the partnership. He said: "You may just think it’s just a saucepan or pan, or whatever it may be. But I have to tell you, it’s been gifted to everybody in my family since I started working with them. "You know as somebody who has been cooking for years and years when you find something great, you just hold on to it. It sits in the kitchen and becomes part of the furniture. "I don’t work with people unless I think they’re really cool. They are great, so versatile and you don’t need to have that many pieces." For more information please visit Ninja Kitchen (ninjakitchen.co.uk).