Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta insisted his team should have created and scored more against Leicester. The Gunners beat the Foxes 1-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday to extend their lead at the top of the table. Gabriel Martinelli scored the only goal of the game immediately after half-time. He was restored to the starting XI after being dropped for the trip to Aston Villa last week. He came off the bench to score at Villa Park and backed that up with another goal at Leicester. Neat work from Leandro Trossard set up Martinelli, who opened up his body and rolled the ball across Danny Ward. Arsenal dominated possession for large parts of the game. But they were unable to make that advantage count in the final third. Leicester barely troubled Aaron Ramsdale in the Arsenal goal. The visitors were resolute in defence but Arteta wishes it was more comfortable for his team. READ MORE: Arsenal's three best players as Martinelli hits back at critics vs Leicester  Arteta said: "I think for the amount of time we dominated the ball, possession and territory, and the amount of situations we created in the final third, we should have created much more and scored more goals. If you don't, then you have to be exceptional in your defensive work. "I think we conceded one shot off target only. So I think defensively the team was outstanding as well. "So, great because it's a really difficult place to come here and win and we've done it and it's a huge win." Arsenal went five points clear of Manchester City at the top of the table with victory. However, City had the chance to close the gap straight away in the late kick-off at Bournemouth. Arteta refused to say if his side were out of the minor blip which saw them winless in four matches before the victory at Villa. He said: "It's about the next game. "The Premier League is so tough, we have Everton, we suffered already in Liverpool with what they can do to us. So we're going to have to prepare really well, play well and be really dominant in the game to earn the right to win it." Meanwhile, Arteta is delighted by the reaction of Martinelli since he was dropped. The forward recently signed a new contract and Arteta is pleased with the attitude he has shown. He added: "Sometimes you have to give someone a breather to come back with even more energy and enthusiasm. Delighted on his contract and we want to keep our best players at the club." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 