Max Verstappen has “adjusted” his training schedule for 2023 with the Dutchman starting earlier than in previous seasons, according to De Telegraaf. Verstappen's camp have admitted the reigning champion usually starts training in mid-January but this had to be moved due to the 2023 calendar. The new season roars into life at the beginning of March, earlier than the previous two campaigns. It means Verstappen had to start his preparation sooner with pre-season testing just two weeks away. Verstappen is also understood to have adopted a different training regime as he bulks up ready for the first race in Bahrain. The two-time champion is thought to take part in “double training sessions” and has fewer "recovery days” compared to previous years. Pundit Erik van Haren said: “They train a little more condensed, more double training sessions and fewer recovery days. They have all adjusted that slightly. I already thought he looked very fit and of course there are still people who say, 'Yes, I will get in the car myself twenty kilos overweight.' READ MORE: Sergio Perez sets Red Bull 2023 goal amid Max Verstappen rivalry “You don't have to be trained for that', but if you've been in a car like that with those G-forces, then you know how fit you have to be to handle it.” Verstappen shared footage of his workouts on social media in the run-up to Red Bull’s launch last week. The 25-year-old posted a clip of him working out on an exercise bike and stretching his neck muscles at his home gym. He uploaded the videos alongside the caption “Pre-season work”. Last year, footage emerged of Verstappen taking part in an intense workout alongside his trainer. The clip showed Verstappen grimacing through a series of gruelling torso and neck exercises as he rebuilt his strength. DON'T MISSSergio Perez reacts to Daniel Ricciardo Red Bull rumours [INSIGHT]Red Bull's Christian Horner at odds with Verstappen over Perez verdict [ANALYSIS]Brundle thinks Horner said something 'odd' about his Red Bull drivers [COMMENT] However, Verstappen could face a stumbling block to his 2023 hopes as Red Bull battle with their budget cap penalty from last season. It means the world champions will enjoy less wind tunnel development and CFD testing than their rivals in what could be a vital blow. Speaking at the launch, Verstappen said: “You always try to go for it, but I don't know if we're going to be good enough. Of course as a team we believe we are, we are very motivated, we come off the back of a very strong year and we are working flat out to try and achieve that."