Kamala Harris hit back at reports she is unpopular in the Democrat Party as “political chatter”. The Vice President has been briefed against in recent weeks, with reports holding the party is concerned that ousting President Joe Biden would see her run and ultimately lose the 2024 presidential campaign. Appearing on MSNBC, the Vice President was asked about Biden running for re-election, with host Andrea Mitchell noting “dozens of Democratic leaders are saying that they not only don’t think that he’s the strongest candidate”. But, Mitchel then asked why some Democrat leaders “don’t think that you’re the right person to be on the ticket” despite Biden’s age. “I think that it is very important to focus on the needs of the American people”, Harris hit back. “And not political chatter out of Washington DC.” She then also said when asked if she still wanted to run for President: “Joe Biden intends – has said he intends to run for re-election as president. “And I intend to run with him as vice president of the United States.” It comes after Politico reported that Democrats are afraid to express concern over Biden's age ahead of the 2024 presidential election publicly because they fear the alternative is Harris. Speaking on the Vice President, a House Democrat told the outlet, "the Democrats who will need to speak out on her are from the Congressional Black Caucus, no White member is going to do it.". Democratic fundraiser John Morgan argued earlier in February Harris’ weakness in the role will be "one of the most hard-hitting arguments against Biden”. “I can’t think of one thing she’s done except stay out of the way and stand beside him at certain ceremonies”, he added to the New York Times. READ MORE: MMA fighter accused of stabbing ex and stuffing body into closet bin The New York Times also quoted influential Democrats who again said they do not want Biden to retire because they say Harris can't win in 2024. However, the outlet quoted some who said Biden cannot drop Harris as Vice President in the reelection campaign because it might infuriate "key Democratic constituencies”. It also comes after a Harvard CAPS-Harris Poll survey held Donald Trump would beat both Biden and Harris in the 2024 election. The Hill reported the survey found 49 percent of respondents would vote for Trump compared to 39 percent for Harris if the 2024 race were between the two. And between Biden and Trump, the former President beats out his successor by 46 points to 41, The Harvard CAPS-Harris Poll survey was conducted Feb. 15-16 and surveyed 1,838 registered voters. Meanwhile, despite the furore in Washington around her, Harris has flown to the Munich Security Conference to meet with Finland and Sweden’s leaders. The Vice President reaffirmed the US backs Sweden and Finland's inclusion in the NATO Alliance, and Washington’s commitment to working with both countries to protect against potential security threats and deter aggression.