Manchester United still plan on signing a striker this summer regardless of whether Mason Greenwood returns to the fold. The England international had charges dropped against him last week. But with the club’s interest in Harry Kane, Victor Osimhen and Benjamin Sesko well-documented, all signs point to Erik ten Hag landing a new No 9 at the end of the season. Greenwood hasn’t played for United since January last year. But with the 21-year-old now free to play football again, the Red Devils have a big decision on their hands. United are currently conducting an investigation into the striker, who has netted 35 times for the club since making his debut back in March 2019. A statement released by the club after the latest Greenwood development read: “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford However, right now, United’s priority remains to sign a new striker when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. It has been well-documented that Kane, Osimhen and Sesko are all players of interest as they seek an upgrade on Wout Weghorst. Out of the three, Kane looks the hardest to sign. Tottenham recently saw their talisman become their all-time leading goalscorer, with the forward netting the only goal of the game in a 1-0 victory over Manchester City on Sunday. Kane has less than two years left on his current Spurs deal, meaning this coming summer may represent their last chance to get a big fee for their prized asset. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The problem is, however, that Tottenham don’t sell to United anymore. Daniel Levy was furious when Sir Alex Ferguson poached Dimitar Berbatov back in 2008, despite Manchester City previously agreeing a deal for the Bulgarian. And, in the years since, the Tottenham chief has refused to let the likes of Toby Alderweireld, Eric Dier, Luka Modric and Gareth Bale cross the divide. Osimhen won’t exactly be straightforward either. The Nigeria international has been in fine form for Napoli this season, netting 16 goals from 17 Serie A games to boost their hopes of winning the Scudetto. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United previously missed out on Osimhen when he played for Lille, with the 24-year-old refusing to join due to Odion Ighalo - who was at Old Trafford at the time. Over the weekend, claims suggested United would have to pay around £107million to secure the striker’s signature. And that would make him the most expensive player in the club’s entire history, gazumping the £89m they forked out on Paul Pogba in 2016. Sesko is another target for United as they edge towards the summer. Though the forward has agreed to join RB Leipzig, he may still move to the Premier League providing a team buys him out of his contract with the Bundesliga side. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract Who United land ultimately remains to be seen. But Ten Hag wants a fresh option at the tip of his attack - and Kane, Osimhen and Sesko are the main players on his radar. In addition to a new forward, United are also likely to pursue a new midfielder at the end of the season as well. Interest remains in Frenkie de Jong, despite the Barcelona star turning down a move to Old Trafford back in the summer. And United aren’t out of the race for Jude Bellingham, even if Liverpool and Manchester City appear to be frontrunners.