 Richard Gere, Alejandra and their two young children were in Mexico this month as they celebrated Alejandra’s 40th birthday. However, all four family members fell ill during the trip with the 73-year-old actor checking himself into hospital just over a week ago.   Alejandra has kept fans duly updated on her husband’s health scare and thanked their loyal following for their sincere support. Having now returned home, the Spanish publicist shared a collection of snaps from their time in Mexico, and one more update on her family’s health. She shared on Instagram on Sunday: “What an amazing birthday! Thank you all my friends and family for make it so special! “Ps: as you can see we are all mostly recovered.” (sic) READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden for days as she admits 'I have been poorly for so long now'  TMZ reported earlier this month that Richard had been diagnosed with pneumonia at a hospital near where the family was staying in Nuevo Vallarta. Sources told the outlet that Richard had a “bad cough” before embarking on the trip which continued throughout the first leg of their vacation. The cough worsened and the actor ultimately checked himself into a hospital where his treatment turned into an overnight stay. The sources noted that the actor had been given antibiotics and was “doing much better”.   Alejandra noted in an Instagram post just after Valentine’s Day that their entire family had been ill during the trip, as she shared a snap walking with her children on the beach. She wrote: “After almost three weeks of everyone being sick in our family today finally I feel much better! Thank you for all the love.” On February 21st, Alejandra shared “a little update”, saying that they were all “almost back to normal”, and explained the situation. The publicist added: “We came to Mexico to continue with our conservation project south of Puerto Vallarta, we all came not feeling well from NY.  “Our youngest James and Richard got pneumonia and Alexander and I sinusitis and ear infections, now we are all well and almost fully recovered. “Thank you all for your messages! Richard wanted me to post this second photo to show you that he is feeling much better.” she added, with the second photo being a throwback snap of a young, shirtless Richard. Alejandra and Richard married in 2018, when he was 68 and she was 35, and have since welcomed two sons into their family. The actor has previously spoken out about his mortality as an older father, as a source told Radar late last year.   The source noted: “He can do the math — and it’s made him very aware his time is limited. “When he found out [he and his wife] were pregnant, he realised how difficult it would be for him to raise a young child." The actor, who is Buddhist, reportedly turned to the Dalai Lama for advice, who reminded him about the Buddhist concept of reincarnation The source continued: “He’s found some comfort in the fact that should he die before the child becomes an adult, he will return in some form to experience him or her!"