LeBron James has sent a cryptic message after his Los Angeles Lakers missed out on trading for superstar point guard Kyrie Irving. The 30-year-old demanded a trade last week after feeling disrespected by a contract offer sent his way as he initially declared his interest to remain with the Brooklyn Nets. But when the offer came in a clause was inserted which Irving 'vehemently disagreed' with, and he asked to be shipped before this week's trade deadline. The Nets knew they'd have to trade Irving, who is set to become a free agent this summer and could have risked losing him for nothing. However, trading him during the season now all but secures that the team will not compete for a championship, struggling to find requisite players to replace him in a trade. In the end, the Nets took the best available offer, which had been from the Dallas Mavericks, who sent solid starting players Spencer Dinwiddie and Dorian Finney-Smith along with a first-round pick in exchange for the multiple all-star Irving. The Mavericks were always among the favourites to secure Irving, but it had been the Lakers who will have needed him the most, being the most desperate, while sitting in 13th place in the western conference standings. After their most recent loss, James spoke openly about wanting to see his team trade for Irving, in dire need of roster reinforcements if they are to even make the playoffs. News had emerged that the Lakers were confident that they would be able to secure Irving, in a package that would send Russell Westbrook the other way, but the Mavericks beat them to the pip. And following the news of Irving's trade, James tweeted: "Maybe it's me," with Lakers fans presuming the 38-year-old superstar asked the front office to strike a deal for Irving, but failed. When asked if he would like to see the Lakers trade for Irving, James recently said: "Obviously, that's a – what's the word you use – 'duh' question when you talk about a player like that." The Lakers will now be scrambling around to try and find a player available for them to make a move for, with Kevin Durant potentially shipped away from the Nets next. However, it would take a huge haul for the Nets to even consider moving Durant.