In light of Joe Biden's dismal polling, it's time to call the left's agenda what it is: "crazy", writes one opinion writer. Fox News contributor Liz Peek's comments come after two polls dealt a stinging blow to Biden's presidential prospects in 2024. In her opinion piece, the former partner of major bracket Wall Street firm Wertheim & Company blasted Biden's handling of the border crisis, inflationary pressures on the economy and woke posturing. According to polling by ABC-Washington Post, Democrats are not happy with Biden's performance either. A poll of 1,003 adults found 58 percent of Democrats want to nominate someone else in 2024. This was further compounded by a poll from the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs, which found 62 percent of Democrats would prefer Biden to step down from the Oval Office. The poll of 1,068 adults shows just 37 percent of Democrats say they want him to seek a second term, down from 52 percent in the weeks before last year’s midterm elections. READ MORE: China ready for 'next level' tactics after US shoots down suspected spy balloon Follow-up interviews with poll respondents suggest that many believe the 80-year-old's age is a liability, with people focused on his coughing, his gait, his gaffes and the possibility that the world's most stressful job would be better suited for someone younger. “His age and possibly his mental acuity is not where I would want the leader of the country to be,” voter Ross Truckey, 35, said. “He, at times, appears to be an old man who is past his prime. Sometimes I feel a little bit of pity for the guy being pushed out in front of crowds.” DON'T MISS Horror as gunman kills three and wounds five [LATEST]US 'not doing enough' to protect airspace [REPORT]Teen found alive and pregnant in wardrobe after going missing [INSIGHT] Biden has previously leaned heavily on his track record to say that he’s more than up to the task. When asked if he can handle the office’s responsibilities at his age, the president has often retorted: “Watch me." The President has pointed to four big legislative victories as proof of his ability to get the job done: the coronavirus relief, the bipartisan infrastructure law, the CHIPS and Science Act, and tax and spending measures that help to address climate change and improve the IRS’ ability to enforce the tax code and help taxpayers. Yet just 13 percent have a lot of confidence in Biden’s ability to accomplish major policy goals, a possible reflection of the fact that he must now work with a Republican majority in the House that wants to cut spending in return for lifting the government’s legal borrowing authority. READ MORE: Joe Biden's 'stupid' billionaire tax branded 'dead on arrival' in Congress Only 23 percent of US adults in the AP-Norc poll say they have “a great deal” of confidence in Biden to effectively manage the White House. That has ticked down from 28 percent a year ago and remains significantly lower than 44 percent two years ago, just as Biden took office. Just 21 percent have a lot of confidence in Biden’s ability to handle a crisis, down slightly from 26 percent last March. On working with congressional Republicans and managing government spending, roughly half of US adults say they have hardly any confidence in the President, and only around one in 10 say they have high confidence. Republican voters are unwilling to give Biden the benefit of the doubt, hurting his ratings. John Rodriguez, 76, backed Trump and assumes that Biden is merely doing the bidding of his aides. That creates a challenge for a president who promised to unite the country. “I believe he’s not the one who’s calling the shots,” said Rodriguez, who lives in Cutler Bay, Florida. “He’s a puppet being told where to go, what to say.”