 Kate’s rugby team has prevailed in this afternoon’s Six nations match, with England winning 20-10 against Wales in a hard-fought game. Prince William heaved a sigh of relief knowing the English team won as he feared a "tense journey home" after the game. Speaking to injured players before the game, he admitted he was concerned about his wife not speaking to him on the way back to London.  The couple officially opened the Sir Tasker Watkins Suite, a new space at the stadium for use by the injured players and their families, before the game. He told the players there: "I'm looking forward to today. We need a little lift after the past week, don't we? "It's going to be a very tense journey home. If we win today my wife won't speak to me. It will be a tense evening." Kate laughed as she was asked about her support for England during the match. She said: "The atmosphere is always second-to-none, so I'm looking forward to that." Kate and William were photographed arriving at Cardiff Stadium to watch Wales vs. England rugby match. The Princess wore her chic Catherine Walker coat for the occasion. The Princess of Wales wore a red and white tweed coat with black ankle boots. She appeared to be wearing a black turtleneck dress with black tights underneath. Kensington Palace previously confirmed that the Prince and Princess would meet injured players who are supported by the Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust, before officially opening the Sir Tasker Watkins Suite - a new space at the Stadium used by the injured players and their families ahead of matches. The Welsh Rugby Charity Trust was founded in 1972 as an organisation with a variety of educational, social, and sporting goals.  The Prince and Princess of Wales are ardent sports enthusiasts and have attended numerous rugby games throughout the years. When Prince William and Kate Middleton first started dating, the three of them alongside Harry went to Twickenham to watch England play Italy in a Six Nations game in 2007. The trio returned to the venue in 2015 for the Rugby World Cup match between England and Wales (it was a particularly charged match as Harry was, at the time, patron of the Rugby Football Union). Prince George recently joined the pair at the Six Nations in 2022. READ MORE: 'Competitive' Prince William and Kate all smiles at Six Nations The Princess of Wales, who grew up watching rugby with her family, is known as one of the Royal Family's most athletic members and has competed successfully against her husband in events like wind buggy racing and dragon boat races. She has been playing hockey and tennis since she was a little child, and she frequently attends the Wimbledon Championships. She is also the royal patron of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club. Kate and William are expected to face off during Saturday's game as the two will be cheering one for different teams. While Prince William serves as the patron of the Welsh Rugby Union, Kate replaced Prince Harry as the patron of the English Rugby Football Union last year. Kate took the role seriously and joined a training session for some of the rugby players at Twickenham Stadium. The Princess of Wales couldn’t help but chuckle as she was lifted. She then displayed her athletic skills by deftly grabbing the ball and passing it to a player below. After the successful play, Kate was lauded with cheers and clapping. DON'T MISS:Princess Kate’s ‘hair rule she swears by’ according to beauty expert [REPORT] Easy tips to achieve Princess Kate's 'glossy' locks [REPORT] Meghan and Kate pitted against each other in latest South Park [REPORT] Kate's team emerged victorious last year when England defeated Wales at Twickenham Stadium. Prince George also attended the event - it remains unclear which team the 9-year-old will be cheering for. When asked if he would support England or Wales in the World Cup last year, William, who succeeded his grandmother Queen Elizabeth as the Prince of Wales in September, responded diplomatically - wishing both teams luck. Since they’re both rooting for different teams, only one will leave the stadium with bragging rights. The couple is known for challenging each other in competitions. The couple tested their ability to mix drinks while travelling to Northern Ireland in October 2022. They couldn't help but get into some friendly rivalry while visiting Trademark, a brand-new outdoor street food and shop market in Belfast. They had to whip up a pink cocktail as quickly as they could. The two competed in a race to the finish line while pouring and shaking cocktails to see who could get there first. READ NEXT:Meghan's wedding dress was 'safer' than Kate's ‘royal’ gownKate and William to 'extend hand of friendship' to Harry at CoronationKate Garraway addresses 'obsession' which 'infuriates' GMB co-starRoyal Family went against age-old mantra to show support for UkraineKate 'made mistake' with 'controversial' and 'inhumane' look