Fifteen miles south of Manchester, in the grounds of a secondary school, an unassuming stretch of muddy grass the size of a tennis court is being transformed. Earlier this month on a cold day teachers, pupils and parents gathered to plant 600 tightly packed saplings. Working with environmental charity Earthwatch, they created what’s known as a “tiny forest” – a fast-growing and dense woodland aimed at promoting biodiversity and protecting the environment. “I hope that for years to come, we will watch this incredible tiny forest grow and help mitigate climate change,” says Lisa Johnson, a community group member who suggested the idea for Wilmslow High School in Cheshire. “The climate emergency can be a daunting and upsetting issue for children, so to do something positive and give them a calm place to visit was important to us.” Wilmslow’s forest, which cost £25,000 and features 17 tree and plant species, was sponsored by pop band The 1975. The four band members, including frontman Matty Healy, 33, the son of actors Denise Welch and Tim Healy, met at the school and are prominent green activists. Not only did Greta Thunberg lend her vocals to their last record but they have used vegetable oil-powered generators at their concerts and regularly plant trees to offset their carbon footprint. But can carbon sinks this small really make a difference to the climate crisis? Miniscule in size, they’ve bloomed across Europe and Asia. Tiny forests are based on the work of Japanese botanist Dr Akira Miyawaki who, in the 1970s, devised a system, now known as the Miyawaki method, to restore habitats at speed using native trees grown in close proximity. His ideas were adopted by Indian engineer Shubhendu Sharma to create a blueprint for others to grow their own miniature forests. Each one typically features 25 to 40 species of tree and shrub, with three plants grown per square metre, resulting in growth 10 times faster and 30 times denser than traditional woodlands. The first two tiny forests were planted in the Netherlands in 2015. “We want to raise awareness for the need to turn cities green,” says Louise Hartley, from Earthwatch. “We would never say tiny forests are the answer to the climate solution because they’re too small. But they are contributing. "Planting more trees in the right places will have benefits for the environment.” The UK’s first tiny forest was created in Witney, Oxfordshire, in March 2020. Three years on, nearly 90,000 new trees have been planted across the country. “Tiny forests are an example of providing quality green space for people who might not have that access otherwise,” Hartley says. The Government would like to see green space or open water within a 15-minute walk of every household in England. The lowest layer of a tiny forest is formed of shrubs – typically broom, dog rose, guelder rose and blackthorn – alongside trees such as holly, elder and hazel. Finally, there is a canopy of oaks, pines and hornbeams. Earthwatch has already surpassed its original target of 150 forests in the UK within three years. Now, it’s planning to establish 500 across the UK and Europe by 2030. Hartley says the scheme has captured the imagination in a way large-scale tree-planting in rural areas rarely does. The lifeblood of each tiny forest is its volunteers. Finance worker Ozlem Gunduz-Robinson, who lives in south-west London, became a tree planting volunteer in April last year. “It’s had a huge impact on my well-being and I enjoy getting my fingers dirty once a month,” she says. Volunteers collect data on plant and animal life, urban cooling and carbon capture. Bumblebees, beetles, small insects and flies count for two-thirds of the pollinators recorded in Earthwatch’s tiny forests to date. Experts say the Miyawaki method may not be suitable for every climate and that their tiny forest model is no substitute for full-size forests. Professor Tim Forsyth, an environment specialist at the London School of Economics, says: “There is a general worry that people are choosing to cover landscapes with dense trees without really dealing with other ways to cut carbon, or without seeing what potential problems these dense trees create. “Forest plantations in general reduce biodiversity. They increase soil erosion, for example, by channelling water downhill into gullies or by encouraging larger water drops if the trees have large leaves. "They can also suck up more water, which is a problem if the local areas have water shortages.” Earthwatch says it assesses each site for risk first. “If it’s a flood-prone area, we will select water-tolerant species,” Hartley explains. “During times of heat stress in those early years, we need to make sure that they’re getting water.” She concedes city land is expensive and in high demand. She wants to ensure her tiny forests enjoy long lives, and that requires commitment from landowners and local authorities. In fact, tree-planting projects across the UK have almost become victims of their own success. Catherine Nuttgens monitors tree planting projects for The Woodland Trust. “From my experience, and speaking to tree managers in other cities, they say there is no space left for trees to go. We’ve planted everywhere.” She advises cities to plan long-term while looking after the trees they already have. Ozlem regularly checks for tree loss and site damage and has enlisted the support of her 13-year-old son Derin. Back in Wilmslow, Earthwatch will monitor the tiny forest with volunteers to assist them. “It’s been tricky but we were absolutely determined to see trees in the ground,” says Lisa Johnson. “Perhaps we can make room for another tiny forest somewhere else in the town?” she ponders. “Watch this space.”