Carl Froch has shut down the possibility of a fight with fellow British boxing icon Amir Khan. The former super-middleweight champion says that Khan is ‘too small’ for him and wouldn’t been keen on facing him after Kell Brook ‘turned his legs to Bambi'. Khan retired from professional boxing in May after being stopped by Brook and is now reportedly considering a return to the ring under exhibition rules. When asked whether he would entertain a fight with Khan, Froch replied: “There are no retired professionals I'd come out of retirement for. I have a lot of respect for fighters whether I like them or not,” he told BonusCodeBets. “Amir Khan's name came into the mix a little bit, but he's too small for me anyway, he can't hold a jab now, we saw what happened with Kell Brook when he hit him with a jab - his legs turned to Bambi. He was all over the place. The only reason I'd step back in the ring would be for something pretty big.” Froch, who retired from professional boxing in 2014, would only consider returning to the ring for one fight, a grudge match with YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul. “The only fight that ticks the box is Jake Paul. Even though he lost to Tommy it was at times a competitive fight,” he added. “I'm nine years retired, so who knows what would happen, I've not been in the boxing ring since in any capacity. But I'd make mincemeat of him, it'd be an easy fight. I'd smash I'm to bits inside two rounds, but that’s in my head. The reality might be different. I'd think we'd fill Wembley. Minimum 80,000. “What would it take to get me in the ring with Jake Paul? Not much, not much at all. In his head he might think Froch is nine years retired, has silver hair, and is old at 45, and maybe he thinks he can redeem himself for losing. I'd love to fight Jake Paul and smash him to bits. But I think he was exposed last night against a novice pro. MORE BOXING NEWS... Wilder gives clear answer on Hearn link up to help make Joshua fight Paul's new £207,000 tattoo mysteriously disappears before Fury loss Tate sends message to Paul from prison after Fury points defeat “He’s talking about winning world titles - never going to happen. You're not good enough. You don't have the ability, skill, mindset - you just know how to make money being a clown. That's what he is, a performing clown. “He's not a professional fighter. Now he's lost to Tommy, me and Jake doesn't make any sense. For me Paul has been massively exposed for what he is, an area level fighter, he'd struggle to win an area level fight.  He's nowhere near good enough to win a British title and that's being kind.”