Meghan Markle is said to be "upset" over feelings that Buckingham Palace is "only fighting for Prince Harry" to attend King Charles's Coronation this spring. It is thought the King wants his whole family there to see him being crowned, however the spotlight has been on the Sussexes since their Netflix documentary series and Harry's memoir Spare were released, leaving the Duchess reportedly feeling "overwhelmed". The Express recently revealed that Harry and Meghan will be invited to the ceremony, however their rift with the Royal Family coupled with the date falling on their son Archie's fourth birthday has left the question of their attendance unanswered. Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield told Fox News: "Meghan is upset and overwhelmed. It’s not that Meghan feels excluded with the planning. "Meghan feels like the palace is only fighting for Prince Harry to attend and they don’t care whether she shows up or not. And that does not sit well with her. "Rejection is one of Meghan's greatest insecurities. She does not want to be booed or humiliated on a global scale, yet she understands that her brand stateside increases in value with her proximity to the Royal Family." Last December the couple released their six-part Harry & Meghan documentary series on Netflix, which gave their side of the story on their departure from the Firm. Scrutiny of the couple increased even more in January when Harry's autobiography Spare was published. In an interview with Tom Bradby days before the book was released the prince suggested he could attend the Coronation if his family attempted a reconciliation. READ MORE: Meghan & Harry to get 'co-star billing' at Coronation, expert claims The Duke said: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But the door is always open. "The ball is in their court… There’s a lot to be discussed, and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it." Ms Schofield claimed that Harry had tried to "secure a meeting" with his father but had been told by palace aides the King is "too busy". DON'T MISS:Ellen Degeneres told Meghan Markle to get a dog and 'changed' her life [LATEST]UK royal says King would never stop her playing 'racy' acting role [REVEAL]King meets President of German Bundestag ahead of 'European tour' [INSIGHT] She continued: "If Harry does attend, I expect that he will feel a sense of loneliness." Royal author Christopher Andersen told Fox News: "It's increasingly beginning to look as if Harry and Meghan might well opt out of the Coronation. "There are genuine security concerns, to be sure, and then there is the prospect of the Sussexes being roundly booed. Harry and Megan are still licking their wounds over having been sidelined during the queen's funeral [in September]. "It's highly doubtful that they would be willing to face the prospect of that sort of public humiliation again, particularly on [their son] Archie's birthday."