Aries New work and social opportunities are cropping up now. There’s a temptation to cut back on family engagements in order to take advantage of new possibilities. Especially where there are one-off opportunities you don’t want to miss out because you’re being expected to stick with routine arrangements. Taurus A team effort is starting to take shape and you will all feel good about this. Your boss or a senior colleague will make it clear how much they rely on your judgement and practical skills. You are mentally and spiritually in tune with those around you. Gemini If you’re trying again at something you failed at in the past, you are more knowledgeable and experienced now and this will reflect in your outlook. Whatever you are planning and arranging, if you have the backing of your family you will feel more confident.  Cancer It will be travel, or entertaining visitors from some distance away that will bring you most interest and satisfaction. The family could be getting together to discuss a future holiday. A chance to visit ancient places steeped in history will hold a special appeal. Leo You would never deliberately allow personal prejudice to influence your decisions but more analysis will help you make a fair judgement. If you’re thinking about a health matter, a new form of therapy could be worth a try. Avoiding problems will not make them disappear. Virgo You never know who will be in a position to help you in the future. Before cutting ties with someone altogether, it would be a better idea to leave your options open. A practical slant is important in all your dealings. Consider what motivates you before taking action on a relationship matter.   Libra There’s always room for improvement and you might come up with some great ideas to make your home more spacious. Housemates will appreciate your ideas about adding colour to a drab space. If you are working, take care not to rest on your laurels. You need to keep up with professional rivals. Scorpio Time spent with housemates will lead you all to start thinking about introducing more joint hobbies and activities into your home. A text message from someone you haven’t seen in a long time will alter your views about a relationship. Don’t believe everything you are told. Sagittarius Your energy levels are high. You might use this to your advantage by catching up on anything you didn’t finish earlier in the year. You are entering a more progressive phase regarding work ambitions and material aims. It isn’t wrong to want more for yourself and this will keep you motivated.    Capricorn A strange incident will reveal a friend is not the person they first made themselves out to be. You need to give a little more thought to this relationship. An invoice received for a repair job will be half what you were expecting, much to your delightful surprise. Aquarius When there is so much going on and so many distractions around you, keep your own aims at the forefront of your mind. Watch out for rivals. Someone has hidden motives for diverting you away from your plans and intentions Pisces A cautious approach will not get you very far. It’s a time to snap up any unusual offers that come your way. Something unexpected that occurs will make your life more fulfilling. You won’t have as much fun by following a routine pattern.   