Michael Owen left many viewers perplexed by his bold comments after Liverpool's thrashing at the hands of Real Madrid on Tuesday. The former Reds striker compared Darwin Nunez to Premier League legend Didier Drogba after a miserable night on Merseyside. Nunez has scored 12 goals in his debut season at Liverpool but has missed an array of chances and potentially isn't yet the complete player fans thought they had splashed £85million to sign at Benfica. He reminded the world of his quality to open the scoring against Real with a sensational early flick past Thibaut Courtois. But Los Blancos silenced him for the remainder of the game as they ran riot at Anfield, coming back from 2-0 down to humiliate Jurgen Klopp's side 5-2 on home territory. And Owen admitted that he would need to be coached to become the player worth his price tag, drawing comparisons to Drogba from his early days at Chelsea. He told BT Sport: "He is raw. I didn't think he would be this raw when he came to Liverpool. "I thought paying that money... when I watched him here in the Champions League last year, I thought he was absolutely brilliant, and he does things that take your breath away. JUST IN: Newcastle make 'final decision' on appealing Nick Pope Man Utd ban  "But he is going to have to be coached to be a top player. The player I would probably liken him to, not in the same style, but when Didier Drogba came to these shores, people laughed at him for the first year or so. "His touch was awful, he made a lot of mistakes, but he got used to this game, and I think this lad can be similar. "I think he is really, really raw, he will take a lot of coaching, but he has got the hallmarks of being a top player." And his comments haven't gone down well online, causing uproar among viewers for the comparison. Drogba scored 16 goals in his maiden campaign at Stamford Bridge, winning the Premier League and League Cup, leaving those listening bemused by Owen's comments. DON'T MISS Liverpool can feel smug after Rio Ferdinand gives Darwin Nunez verdictHaaland can use trusted training routine to revive Man City formArteta granted wish as Arsenal get fixture news for City and Chelsea @GeorgeSmileyOBE tweeted: "Listen to this… Michael Owen just compared Nunez to Drogba. Genuinely spat my brew out... Paid subscription for this drivel…" @MaccaGio wrote: "Michael Owen - 'Nunez reminds me of Drogba in his first season when he came to these shores, everyone laughed at him his touch was awful.' Drogba's first season in 2004/05 - 16 Goals, Premier League winner, League Cup Winner." @robr7373 added: "Did Owen really just compare Nunez to Drogba?" And @rowleydan said: "Owen just compared Nunez with Drogba .... no wonder everyone streams now. You can't pay money for that kind of punditry." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here