Former Home Secretary Priti Patel has argued it is “right” that Shamima Begum not be allowed back to the UK as she points to the “phenomenal” resources required to allow her back. Ms Patel spoke on a panel hosted by the Policy Exchange, a right-wing think-tank, to discuss the Government’s Prevent strategy on terrorism - but the conversation turned to Ms Begum following a question from the audience. Former Lead Commissioner of the Commission for Countering Extremism Dame Sara Khan highlighted that the UK was becoming an “outlier” in its stance on Ms Begum, who left the UK to join the Islamic State at 15 years old, and subsequently had her citizenship revoked. Rishi Sunak is under pressure from international allies, including the US, to repatriate Ms Begum and around 60 other British women and children in the custody of Kurdish forces. The pressure is also coming from within the UK parliament, with Conservative MP David Davis describing Mr Sunak’s stance as a “shameful abdication of responsibility” and Ms Begum as “a teenage girl who was groomed online and trafficked.” Speaking at the panel following a question from the Sun's Natasha Clark, Ms Khan said: “The reality that we have to grapple with as a country is that we have become an outlier in contrast to other Western nations. The US has taken back its citizens, we know that Germany, France, and many other European nationals have taken back their citizens. “There is a particular issue to be raised about women and children who are in these squalid camps. One of the concerns now is for those people who are in those camps, particularly the children, we are just ending up creating the next generation of jihadists, and so I don’t think we can just wash our hands and ignore that situation.” She added: “If we can bring them back, we can have much greater control over the situation.” But Ms Patel shot back: “We are an outlier but we are an outlier for good reason, and those reasons include the threat to our own citizens and the threat to our country.” Ms Patel claimed to have additional insight into the case having performed her role as Home Secretary, saying she has “not just read the files, but actually been involved in operational work around everything to do with individuals such as herself and others that are not in our country.” She highlighted “the work that our agencies do 24/7 effectively to keep our country safe”, adding: “So as much as it may be uncomfortable for some, as long as someone is a threat to our country and to a threat to our citizens, I think it's right that they are not brought back.” The former Home Secretary also argued the “type of resources that we’d have to put into an individual of that nature as well are absolutely phenomenal. So these decisions cannot be taken lightly. I think the court has taken the right course of action.” READ MORE: Sunak urged to bring in Priti Patel as chairman to avid coup [REVEAL] He added: “Obviously to face the criminal law, if appropriate, if there is evidence, and to use all the other legal facilities that are available.” Ms Begum’s citizenship was stripped on national security grounds in 2019, with a tribunal ruling in February 2020 that the decision to do so was lawful because she was "a citizen of Bangladesh by descent", so removing her British nationality wouldn't make her stateless. Bangladesh has made clear however that this was not the case and she would not be allowed there either. The Supreme Court then ruled in February 2021 that Ms Begum would not be able to return to the UK to appeal the decision. Ms Begum has since remained in a camp controlled by armed guards in northern Syria. She challenged the removal of her citizenship at the Special Immigration Appeals Commission (SIAC), with her lawyers arguing the decision was unlawful, as it did not consider whether she had been a child victim of trafficking. Last week, on February 22, the SIAC ruled that while there was a credible case that Ms Begum was a victim of trafficking and sexual exploitation when she went to Syria in 2015, this did not prevent the home secretary from stripping her of British citizenship, as she had since become a threat. DON'T MISS: Shamima Begum made life for British Muslims like me so much harder [REVEAL]Shamima Begum is 'our problem' says Question Time audience member [INSIGHT]BBC defends Shamima Begum documentary after hundreds complain [ANALYSIS] The Policy Exchange discussion primarily focused on Prevent - part of the UK’s counter-terrorism strategy aiming at avoiding radicalisation. A recent review of the strategy by William Shawcross found that it had repeatedly “failed” to identify potential attackers and instances of extremism. Prevent places a legal duty on public bodies, including schools and the police, under a legal duty to identify people who may turn to extremism, and intervene in their lives before it is too late. In the report, Mr Shawcross said Prevent had helped some people disengage from terrorism, but added: “Despite this, all too often those who commit terrorist acts in this country have been previously referred to Prevent. Prevent apparently failed to understand the danger in these cases, and this review demonstrates how such failures might be avoided in the future. Prevent must return to its overarching objective - to stop individuals from becoming terrorists or supporting terrorism.” During the discussion, Ms Patel referred to the man who killed Sir David Amess, Ali Harbi Ali, as an example of the dangers of failing to identify radicalisation early on. Both Ms Khan and Labour MP for Birmingham Perry Barr Khalid Mahmood argued that a lack of legislative power to stop people who are responsible for radicalising others into terrorism, without performing violent actions themselves, was limiting the effectiveness of Prevent.