The US military said Friday a helicopter raid led by its forces in northeast Syria left a senior leader with the Islamic State group dead and four American service members wounded. The military added in the short statement that the operation was conducted Thursday night in partnership with the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces which is allied with the US. It added that “an explosion on target resulted in four US service members and one working dog wounded." It did not say in which part of northeast Syria the raid was conducted. It identified the killed IS commander as Hamza al-Homsi. Despite their defeat in Syria in March 2019, IS sleeper cells still conduct attacks around Syria and Iraq where they once declared a “caliphate.” READ MORE: Kamala Harris says China's spying balloon 'needed to be shot down' Three of the service members are in a stable condition, a military official familiar with the operation told CNN, as is the working dog. The fourth service member suffered minor injuries and has returned to duty, the official said. It comes just days after another American raid saw an ISIS leader who helped orchestrate prison breaks of terrorists killed. On February 10, Ibrahim Al Qahtani was killed in a raid by US and coalition forces, killing Al Qahtani and capturing ammo, multiple weapons and a suicide belt. READ MORE: Memphis Police officers involved in Nichols' death plead 'not guilty' And the raid comes after a US strike eliminated a senior ISIS leader and 10 members of the terror group in northern Somalia. Joe Biden authorised the strike on January 25, which saw Bilal al-Sudani killed. A senior administration official told CNN at the time: “From a mountainous cave complex in northern Somalia, Bilal al-Sudani is assessed to have supported ISIS’ expansion and activities across Africa and beyond the continent.” The operation represented a continuation of the Biden administration’s strategy to counter terrorist threats through “over-the-horizon” operations, which was a shift in strategy the President made clear following the US withdrawal from Afghanistan. Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews