Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 58, and Prince Edward, also 58, became engaged in 1999 and tied the knot in June of that same year. The couple had a very low-key wedding compared to Edward's older siblings, who all got married in either St Paul's Cathedral or Westminster Abbey.  Edward and Sophie, on the other hand, got married in St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle and even banned guests from wearing massive hats like they normally do at royal weddings. The Countess of Wessex continues to wear her gorgeous engagement ring, that the Earl of Wessex presented to her in January 1999. Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk about the Countess' ring. She said: “Sophie, Countess of Wessex was proposed to with a trilogy diamond ring from the royal jeweller Garrard. READ MORE: The 'understated' ring Kate would wear to show she was dating William  "The white gold ring features a two-carat central oval diamond flanked by two smaller heart-shaped diamonds. It is worth around £105,000." According to the style expert, the ring is "special" for a key reason. Daena explained: "It is very special indeed because it has many special ties to other Royal Family members. "Firstly, it bears a close similarity to the late Queen’s engagement ring and secondly, its designer Garrard, was also behind the engagement rings of Princess Diana and Sarah, Duchess of York.”   Eddie LeVian, the CEO of LeVian, whose ancestors guarded the royal jewels of Persia, also spoke to Express.co.uk about Sophie's gorgeous ring. He claimed: "Sophie Wessex’s engagement ring is a testament to enduring love. "The two-carat oval diamond in the centre is adorned by two small heart-shaped diamonds on either side, set into a platinum band." According to the expert, the "trilogy" design was intentional by Prince Edward, due to its meaning.  Eddie continued: "The trilogy diamond engagement design brings together three diamonds. "This has been said to represent the past, the present and the hope for a beautiful future of a couple’s unique loving relationship." The material of Sophie Wessex's engagement ring was also meaningful, according to the jeweller. Eddie commented: "In addition, platinum is the most secure precious metal for holding precious gemstones. "It is associated with resilience and longevity," which could go some way to explaining Sophie and Edward's very successful royal marriage. All three of Edward's siblings' first weddings ended in divorce, making him the only royal of his generation to not have a marriage break up. Eddie added: "With this royal engagement ring, Prince Edward marked his private wedding proposal with a very meaningful token of romance." Sophie and Edward live in Bagshot Park in Windsor and share two children, Lady Louise Windsor, 19, and James, Viscount Severn, 15. 