A road outside the Russian embassy has been renamed to mark one year of Vladimir Putin's war on Ukraine. A road sign reading 'Kyiv Road' is being installed by Westminster City Council to rename the stretch of road close to the embassy. Council leader Adam Hug said it is an "entirely fitting" tribute to Ukrainians in the community. He said: "It’s a small stretch of road, but we want to show the people of Ukraine that their struggle has a visible place.” Mr Hug said the change was part of a "long tradition" in London to mark "momentous points or figures in history". Labour councillor Paul Dimoldenbery said it was "a small recognition" of the war and shows "determination to stand shoulder by shoulder with the people of Ukraine".  Asked if the choice of location was deliberate he agreed, saying the city wants to "send a message to Putin" that "we stand solidly with the people of Ukraine. The new address covers a small section of Bayswater Road, running from Palace Court to Ossington Street in Central London Vadym Prystaiko, Ukraine's ambassador to the UK, said: "Kyiv Road is a symbol of solidarity with the Ukrainian people and a tribute to their unwavering spirit in the face of aggression. "It is a reminder that the struggle of Ukraine has the attention of the international community. "We are grateful to the Westminster City Council and its residents for their support in honouring our nation's capital and its brave defenders."  It comes after a huge Ukrainian flag was painted on the road outside the embassy on Friday morning. READ MORE: Even if Putin loses 'the West' has been fundamentally damaged The change of street name is supported by Bayswater councillors and was paid for from existing ward budgets, meaning there is no additional cost to residents. Residents will also not need to change their addresses if they live within the renamed area. It marks one year since Vladimir Putin launched his barbaric war on Ukraine. King Charles III praised the "remarkable courage and resilience" of Ukrainians. In a message to mark the anniversary, he said  “the people of Ukraine have suffered unimaginably from an unprovoked full-scale attack on their nation.” The King expressed his "personal support" for Ukrainians, saying it was “heartening that the United Kingdom, along with its allies, is doing everything possible to help at this most difficult time."  While estimates of total losses in the past year vary, last weekend the UK Ministry of Defence suggested that Russia had lost up to 60,000 troops and suffered up to 200,000 casualties. To mark the anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky posted a video message on Telegram promising that this year "will be the year of our victory". 