The Kansas City Chiefs may have enjoyed a magical season, but they're set to be weakened ahead of the next campaign. Offensive coordinator Eric Bieniemy was hailed for his involvement in Super Bowl LVII, but he's set to interview for the vacant role over at the Washington Commanders. Bieniemy is set to be interviewed by the Commanders on Thursday, raising doubts over his immediate future with the Chiefs. The offensive coordinator has been with the Chiefs ever since head coach Andy Reid joined in 2013, but originally started work as a running-back coach. It was in 2018 he started as their offensive coordinator, and since then he's overseen two Super Bowl wins alongside coach Reid. The Chiefs offense was faultless in the second half of their 38-35 Super Bowl LVII win over the Philadelphia Eagles, and Bieniemy took a lot of the credit for their victory. But he could part ways with the franchise and move to Washington, with a head coach role tipped for the 53-year-old in the future. Bieniemy held off on speaking to other teams until after the season, focusing his energy on the Super Bowl, and also enjoying the Chiefs parade as they brought the trophy back to Kansas. But now that their celebrations are over and done with, Bieniemy is now free to explore potential opportunities. The Commanders confirmed on Thursday morning that they are interviewing Bieniemy for their top offensive assistant coaching position. Bieniemy has held a number of meetings with different teams offering roles over the years, but has remained at the Chiefs until this season. It's been a huge success story at the Chiefs, and one that many coaches would not wish to leave as with Patrick Mahomes on board it doesn't look like their presence will be going anywhere. But should Bienemy have aspirations of leading a team himself, a move may be the best option in the short-term. Former Chiefs offensive coordinators Doug Pederson and Matt Nagy previously left to pursue head coaching roles. Although Bieniemy may be a key part of the Chiefs staff, their talent and success may be hiding some of his capabilities as a coach. A move to Commanders could pay off, as he could be seen as a miracle worker if the franchise see a huge spike in results. The Commanders finished the 2022 season with a record of 8-8-1, narrowly missing out on the play-offs. Bieniemy's exit would leave a significant hole to fill at the Chiefs, although the attractiveness of the role would welcome some top candidates. Nothing is set in stone just yet, but interest in Bieniemy is at an all-time high.