Labour has dragged Conservative Ministers kicking and screaming to reveal the true cost of spending on the Government’s Procurement Cards. These little black cards are the Government’s version of a contactless debit card, and thousands are used by departments with too little control, scrutiny, or oversight. Seen as a quick and simple way to buy goods and services, spending on these cards ballooned from £85 million to £145 million under more than a decade of Conservative Government. This week we’re lifting the lid on a scandalous catalogue of waste, with taxpayers' money frittered away across every part of Government, while in the rest of the country families are sick with worry about whether their pay cheque will cover the next tranche of bills. Buried beneath the tens of thousands of normal purchases, our dossier reveals extensive evidence of waste and excess that reflects a Tory Government that holds little respect for public money. If you went by the Government spending revealed in this report, you would think we were in the last days of Rome, not the worst cost of living crisis for decades. The examples of excessive spending are astonishing, including on extravagant events, expensive restaurants, high-end catering, five-star hotels, lavish gifts and hospitality, luxury furnishings and fabrics, unnecessary corporate branding, high-priced awayday venues, and the purchase of alcohol - all at taxpayers’ expense. There are also many flagrant instances of misreporting of spending. From the Foreign Office recording the purchase of thousands of pounds worth of English sparkling wine under headings such as ‘Computer Equipment’, ‘Industrial Supplies’ and ‘Consulting and Management’, to £1,903 being spent on a ‘Hot Pink Photo Booth’, Conservative Ministers are once again reaching into the pockets of taxpayers to fund their luxury lifestyles while families up and down the country are sick with anxiety about whether their pay cheque will cover the weekly shop.  The excess and extravagance are frankly obscene. Not least does this include £14,400 spent on communication workshops from actors at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and Rishi Sunak’s Treasury buying 13 fine art photographs from The Tate Gallery in March 2021 to hang in the department’s headquarters, at a cost of £3,393. You wouldn’t have thought that they had the entirety of the Government Art Collection from which to select items for their walls without any cost to the taxpayer. Britain is facing the worst cost of living crisis in decades and Rishi Sunak doesn’t seem to have noticed. Instead, his Conservative Ministers are living the high life and treating taxpayers like a cash machine. And they’ve clearly forgotten that it is the public footing the bill. That would be irresponsible at the best of times, but during the worst cost-of-living crisis for generations, it adds insult to injury. Rishi Sunak’s failing Ministers appear intent on enjoying the perks and trappings of high office until the public finally gets the chance to kick them out. Based on the shameless waste and flagrant excess exposed in this dossier, that day of accountability cannot come soon enough. 