Jurgen Klopp has remained coy on Liverpool's chances of progressing past Real Madrid in the Champions League round of 16. The Reds host Real, their conquerors in last season's final, at Anfield on Tuesday, and Klopp may have commenced mind games in his press conference. Liverpool are enjoying a positive spell after back-to-back 2-0 Premier League wins against Everton and Newcastle United over the last seven days. Before their Merseyside derby triumph and inflicting Newcastle's first home defeat of the season, Klopp's side had won just once in their first seven games of 2023. But despite their growing momentum, Real will pose another level of test after squashing Liverpool's dreams for a second time in three Champions League finals since 2018 in May. And Klopp has claimed that the La Liga champions don't need to play as well as Liverpool will have to if they want to progress to the quarter-finals, suggesting Carlo Ancelotti's side are favourites. He told reporters: "I'm really happy we can play this game now rather than a few weeks ago. "We need to play a super game. Two super games, to be honest, to get through. I have no problem with that. JUST IN: What Chelsea squad think of Graham Potter as fans call for sacking "We need to play two super games to go through. Madrid don't need to play special, and they still have a chance." The German coach also admitted that he doesn't think Liverpool will be able to make Real panic like many elite teams have done at Anfield throughout his reign. Klopp added: "I don't think you can make this team panic. There were enough reasons [in the final last year]. "The chances we had and the saves Courtois had to make. What held us back a little was the fact it was a final. We didn't take risks in enough moments." DON'T MISS Man Utd owners the Glazers take steps to avoid 'distracting' Ten HagChelsea 'admire two managers' as club make decision on sacking PotterInside Man Utd squad's thoughts on takeover as Glazers look to sell Klopp continued to remain coy about Liverpool's chances, stating it 'makes sense' to try and defeat Real even though it will be 'super difficult' but not impossible. "Real are always super, super competitive and super difficult to beat. But it makes absolute sense to try it anyway," he explained. "It's Real Madrid. We can't play this game without respect. They are absolutely world-class. It's a well set-up team, and that's why it's so difficult. But that doesn't mean it's impossible." Liverpool will likely feel like they have to win at Anfield this week to stand any chance of progressing at the Bernabeu in the reverse fixture. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here