Remi is a social media star who described herself as someone “in love with baking and cooking”. She shows people how to easily create the perfect recipes. On her TikTok account @foodbyremi, Remi has explained her method for making the “fluffiest” American pancakes just in time for Pancake Day. On her website, Remi explained her easy recipe that would make your pancakes “beautifully light and fluffy" but highlighted there is one very important "key" ingredient without which your pancakes will never reach their ultimate fluffy potential. The content creator uses six simple ingredients to make the American fluffy pancakes, which are 150g of self-raising flour, 150 ml of milk, half a teaspoon of salt, three teaspoons of sugar (either caster or granulated), and one beaten egg. Remi’s “really important” trick to making fluffy pancakes is one tablespoon of active baking powder. She explained that it was very important the baking power was active as “this is what makes your pancakes really nice and fluffy.” In her TikTok video, Remi said: “This is how to make the fluffiest pancakes ever.” READ MORE: Shoppers can get free pancakes from any supermarket  She first began by mixing her egg and then setting it aside. She then added all her dry ingredients and made sure they were mixed together. Remi then added her only wet ingredient, the egg, and whisked until the mixture was smooth. She greased her frying pan and added the mixture. The chef explained that her other top tip for fluffy pancakes was going “low and slow”. In her video, she said: “When frying my pancakes I make sure to use a low heat, this will ensure they do not burn.” She then waited until the top of the pancake began to bubble, and then turned it until both sides of the pancake were golden brown and had risen. She then repeated her pancake process until all the batter had been used it. DON'T MISSPancake mix could cost you £300 in 'costly' property repairs [REPORT]Over 25 million pancakes will go to waste this Shrove Tuesday [REVEAL]'Atypical' pancake topping that's more popular than lemon and syrup [INSIGHT] In the TikTok comment section for the video, Remi answered more questions from curious users eager to make the tasty dish. One user named Becca asked Remi if there was a way to make sure the baking powder was active. Remi replied that the “easiest way” was making sure your baking powder was not out of date, but also had one other method. She said: “Otherwise mix a tsp in hot water and see if there are bubbles!” Another user asked Remi if they could use plain flour to make the fluffy pancakes, and Remi replied that self-raising works way better for this recipe. Someone else asked if Remi ever used melted butter in her pancake recipe, and Remi replied that she never did. Many people in Remi’s comment section were amazed by the tasty-looking fluffy pancakes and said they had tried the TikTok cook’s advice at home.   A user named Mel also tried the recipe and described her pancakes as “the most perfectly fluffy pancakes ever.” Another fan said: “I tried them and they’re majestic. This is the first (fluffy) pancake tutorial that worked for me!” One happy fan wrote: “Made these this morning and my fiancé said ‘these are the best homemade pancakes I’ve ever had’ and I agree. Phwoar!” Another user by the name of Rhe said: “I just made this and it was the first time my pancakes have been so fluffy - thank you so much! I put strawberries and kinder chocolate on top.” Another person named Ebony commented: “By far the best pancakes recipe I have EVER made and I'm a baker! Thank you.” Someone else called Jada said: “Tried these they were AMAZING! I put maple syrup and chocolate spread on them, they were so good.”   