Donald Trump used a folder bearing 'classified' wording to cover a light in his bedroom at Mar-a-Lago, a lawyer to the former President has claimed. The folder was said to have been marked with the label "Classified Evening Summary".  The lawyer, Timothy Parlatore, told CNN: "He has one of those landline telephones next to his bed, and it has a blue light on it, and it keeps him up at night. "So he took the manilla folder and put it over so it would keep the light down so he could sleep at night." He added: "It’s just this folder. It says ‘Classified Evening Summary’ on it. "It’s not a classification marking. It’s not anything that is controlled in any way. There is nothing illegal about it." JUST IN: Trump on brink as Georgia judge greenlights 2020 election meddling report release The folder was reportedly handed over to federal prosecutors in December. The lawyer also said the search for classified documents at Trump's properties was now complete. Trump, 76, recently admitted to keeping folders after his stint in the Oval Office. READ MORE: Republican claims Biden's State of Union 'divorced from reality' as GOP hit POTUS back The 45th President added: "When the session was over, they would collect the paper(s), but not the folders, and I saved hundreds of them." Trump also argued the folders were "ordinary" and "inexpensive" but served as mementos from his four years in the White House. In August, the FBI searched Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, where bundles of classified documents were recovered. Trump has denied any wrongdoing but a Department of Justice investigation into why the files were there is underway. In November and January, classified documents have been found in residences belonging to Joe Biden - a think tank office in Washington DC and at his home in Delaware. Former Vice President Mike Pence also turned over documents with classified markings found at his Indiana home. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT] Much has been made about the differences between the classified document incidents involving the three senior US politicians. Despite Trump taking home far more documents and the ex-POTUS allegedly failing to cooperate with the Department of Justice, a recent opinion poll suggested Americans are equally concerned about the cases. Two-in-three US voters voiced concern about batches recovered in at the properties of Biden and Trump, an NBC News survey revealed. 