Father Ted was the story of three priests who had been exiled to a remote island parish on the fictional Craggy Island. The Channel 4 sitcom ran for three successful seasons until tragedy struck when one of its stars died. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the cast of Father Ted. Deemed as the "cunning and devious" member of the trio, Father Ted often got himself into a lot of trouble thanks to his own greed and pride. He was portrayed by actor Dermot Morgan whose career in the entertainment industry started when he was writing and appearing in comedies on Ireland's broadcaster RTE. Unfortunately, Morgan died of a heart attack aged 45 in 1998, which led to the show being cancelled after just three seasons. The comedian was hosting a dinner party when he suddenly collapsed. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit At the time, his sister Denise explained in a statement: "He wasn't feeling great at the end of the meal and I went to the bedroom with him. He had a heart attack and I didn't recognise it. "From my limited training in first aid, I wasn't sure exactly what was happening. "The symptoms didn't match what the books said. I said to him 'I think you are okay' and we went back to the table. "He apologised for having left the room and the next thing he just collapsed." Father Dougal McGuire was Father Ted's naive right-hand man who was at the heart of most of their problems. Since the sitcom came to an end, actor Ardal O'Hanlon has become a regular star of the small screen, having starred in shows such as My Hero, Derry Girls, Skins, London Irish and After Hours. Arguably his biggest role to date since Father Ted was in the BBC comedy-drama Death in Paradise. He portrayed the show's third detective DI Jack Mooney and was replaced with actor Ralf Little in season nine. DON'T MISS...Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [REACTION]Lockwood and Co creator confirms Lucy’s ‘invented’ backstory [EXPLAINER]Here's where the original cast of Inspector Morse is now [CAST] Father Jack was far from a stereotypical priest as he swore and drank all day, much to fans' amusement. Actor Frank Kelly went on to star in series such as Aristocrats, Glenroe, Running Mate, Paddywhackery and Mrs Browns' Boys D'Movie, just to name a few. He also portrayed Declan Macey's (Jason Merrells) dad Dermot in Emmerdale back in 2010. Kelly sadly died of a heart attack in 2016, aged 77. Mrs Doyle was always on hand with a cup of tea and her catchphrase "go on, go on, go on". Actress Pauline McLynn, who was only 33 when she took on the role of the housekeeper, has since played Libby Croker in Shameless, Tip Haddem in Jam and Jerusalem and Yvonne Cotton in EastEnders, just to name some of her work. Father Noel Furlong - Graham Norton Father Noel Furlong wasn't a main character but this part did launch the career of talk show host, comedian, author and Eurovision commentator Graham Norton. Father Ted is available to watch on All4 and Britbox.