There are big changes taking place at Microsoft and it could force millions to invest in a shiny new PC. The US technology giant recently announced that it has ended support for Windows 7 and Windows 8 which means anyone using these ageing operating systems will be far more vulnerable to nasty cyber attacks and irritating bugs. This end-of-life might have some thinking about easily switching to Windows 10 but that will be tricky now that this operating system has been blocked from sale on the official Microsoft store. The next option is to move straight to Windows 11 but with many older devices not compatible with this latest and greatest software it leaves millions needing to buy a new PC. Right on cue, Samsung has just announced the launch of a range of new laptops which feature a premium design, more power under the hood and impressive 120Hz displays. The firm is also promising far better compatibility within its Galaxy ecosystem. This basically means owners of Galaxy phones and tablets can use these devices as second screens offering more space to send emails and surf the web on that main display. Another nice feature is the ability to easily copy content, such as pictures from your phone, and then paste them straight into documents on the laptop. Apple has offered similar cross-platform functionality for a while so it's nice to see it now coming to Windows and Galaxy phones. A total of four new laptops will be arriving from Samsung later this month including a standard Galaxy Book3, more powerful Galaxy Book3 Pro and the ultimate Galaxy Book3 Ultra. This ultimate PC includes a 16-inch 3K Dynamic AMOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, 13th Gen Intel processor and quad speakers powered by AKG. There's also fast charging, compatibility with Wi-Fi 6E data speeds and a fingerprint scanner to help unlock the screen more securely. Samsung is also promising that Both the new Galaxy Book3 Ultra and Pro series have been built using a full aluminium frame which should help them offer a premium look whilst keeping things light and portable. To help boost their eco credentials, parts of the Galaxy Book3 Ultra and Pro series have also been built from recycled plastics that use ocean-bound discarded fishing nets. If any of that sounds enticing then the Galaxy Book3 Ultra will be available to pre-order from 14th – 21st February and on sale from 22nd February. On February 17, 2023, the new Galaxy Book3 series will be available for purchase starting with the Galaxy Book3 Pro and Pro360 models in the UK. Customers can place pre-orders for both of these models starting today. Of course, it's not just laptops that have been announced by Samsung with the firm also unveiling a range of new Galaxy S23 smartphones including the S23 Ultra which gets a 200-megapixel camera, improved night photography and an in-built S Pen stylus. All of the new devices are also now powered by a special Galaxy version of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor which should help offer some serious performance.