 Beatles star Paul McCartney, 80, has five children, the youngest of which is 19.Although Paul has been in the public eye for almost half a century, the musician has been able to keep most of his family life private but has now offered a rare insight into his parenting style.   Despite being one of the wealthiest musicians and a household name across most of the globe, at his home the singer has been ‘dad’ for the last 50 years as well. On his website, Paul McCartney, the singer often answers fan questions that they send through on social media. As Valentine’s Day rolled around, Paul was asked if his role as father and husband are different, and while he declared they are “two completely different things” some similarities did arise. Paul revealed that “as far as being a dad is concerned” his parenting style also emphasised giving his children only guidance “if they seem to need it”. READ MORE: Madonna fires back at ‘misogynistic and ageist’ comments about Grammy Awards appearance  The singer admitted he was required a lot more when his children were younger, but now as the youngest in his brood, Beatrice, turns 20 this year the roles have reversed a little. He wrote: “Now that they are older, they’re guiding me! “They don’t need so much guidance these days but if there’s ever a problem, I’m very happy to be the guy they come to. “So, that’s largely the thing of being a dad.     “You’re just there to help, and I suppose have fun with - we do have a lot of fun. Now they’re older we can have a drink together, for instance!” The singer went on to note that as a husband, he takes a similar approach to problem-solving for his wife, saying: “I try to be helpful as a husband too. “If there’s a problem, I like to be the guy that will lend some strength to it. I’m always very happy to be the person Nancy relies on, and to be her strength when she goes through tough times. “I am very proud, in fact, to be ‘The Guy’ there. And I know she is grateful.  “So, that’s my role as a husband: it’s to be the strength and the romance at the same time.” However, the singer also revealed he can go a bit overboard on the romance side, adding that his Valentine’s Day plans for his wife Nancy Shevell can sometimes last for days. He added: “I completely overdo Valentine’s Day! I mean, there’s not just one card, there are cards hidden around the room, and sometimes things even spill into the next day - it’s completely silly. “If there’s an excuse to have some fun, I overdo it!  “At Christmas, I go crazy with the tree lights and fairy lights - totally overdo it.” The singer has five children, three biological children from his first wife the late Linda McCartney and his youngest from his second wife Heather Mills. When Paul married Linda in 1969, the photographer already had a daughter from a previous marriage, Heather who was just six at the time. Linda had full custody of her and soon after their marriage Paul adopted her as his own daughter.