Carl Froch has insinuated that Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury may not be a 'genuine fight'. The former super-middleweight world champion claims he will be watching the Saudi showdown 'closely' after questioning the legitimacy of Paul's last outing against Anderson Silva. Speaking during the Paul vs Fury broadcast on BT Sport, Froch said: “I question the way in which this fight was won [against Anderson Silva]. The right clipped him on the nose, and he went over, maybe it was a balance issue but I feel like Anderson Silva wasn’t trying. "When there is so much money at stake, we don’t like to say fights are fixed and what’s going off in the background. But there’s always stuff circulating and this is a gravy train that needs to keep going and he’s making a lot of money Jake Paul because he knows what he’s doing, he speaks well, he’s got the social media influence and I don’t think his story finishes here with Tommy Fury. "I think there’s something deeper going on. I don’t want to put my tin foil hat on but I’m going to watching this closely. I’ll be looking at this saying, ‘right, what’s Tommy Fury doing? How’s he standing? How’s he jabbing? What’s he up to? Is he in there trying?’. "I’ve got all these things going off. Until I see Jake Paul and Tommy Fury up exchanging leather up close and in range I’m not going to be convinced this is genuine.” Paul has had such baseless accusations of 'fight-fixing' aimed at him for the entirety of his stint as a pro boxer. The ex-Disney actor has flat-out rejected the rumours and branded such theories as ‘pathetic’ and ‘stupid’. “I lose faith in my generation and my peers and us as a society and a world when I see that type of stuff and that type of stupidity," he said. "It just sucks. It sucks because I worked so hard for this.  “I dedicate everything, sacrifice everything, every single day, bust my balls, have a 15-person team working around the clock to help me become the best boxer possible, and when I do something like beating Anderson Silva, they try to take it away from me. But I know deep down, and I guess that’s all that really matters.” Froch's latest verbal jabs come after a recent back-and-forth between the pair in which they both declared their willingness to fight each other. Last week, Paul challenged Froch to fight Silva in order to "grow his name" in the United States so they can secure a grudge match to settle the score. Not taking too kindly to being told to prove himself to his novice rival, Froch retorted: “Listen to me Jake Paul, you clown. The worst thing you could have possibly ever done in your fake boxing career is to call out the Cobra. How can you call me out? “Listen, I don’t think for one minute that you’ve got the b****cks to jump in the ring with me anyway. But if somehow you beat Tommy and me and you fight, just understand one thing – you’re getting knocked the f*** out. This fight can end no other way than you getting knocked unconscious. I guarantee that.” 