The man suspected of murdering his wife and daughter at Epsom College set up an unsuccessful wine business and wanted to be more than just an accountant. Police believe that George Pattison shot 45-year-old Emma and seven-year-old daughter Lettie dead at their home on the grounds of the college before turning the gun on himself.  A firearm found at the scene on Sunday morning was registered to him.   The 39-year-old used to work as an accountant for Deloitte and then set up his own firm Tanglewood 2016 Ltd. But it has now been revealed that he and an Australian friend had launched a wine-importing company. He and the friend launched Castle Street Vintners, which was described as a “specialist importer of high quality, low yield wines”.  The Telegraph reports that in a presentation for the company Mr Pattison describes himself as “a career accountant desperate to do something better with his days”.   The pair were on a “wine buying trip” to Alsace, France, and also to Germany when they decided to start the business. And they seemed to have got the seal of approval for the business from their relatives as they said: “Blind tasting amongst friends and family have proved that Fritz Waßmer’s wines are very popular.” Mr Pattison was born in Jamaica and studied at the University of Durham.   In the presentation for the business, he said he had worked “in a variety of industries including corporate finance, investment management and financial consultancy”.   READ MORE: Viktor Orban fails to clap Zelensky as he joins EU family photo  He wrote: “My love affair with wine started on my first trip to Burgundy, where I found a few wines that not only captured the natural characteristics of the grapes but elevated them – this was a life-changing experience for me.”   The wine wholesale company, Rees Charles Capital Limited, was started by Mr Pattison and his friend in 2012.   But it wasn’t a big success and the most recent accounts, for 2014, show the firm owed £318.   The company was voluntarily struck off in 2016 when he opened management consultancy firm Tanglewood 2016 Ltd, from which he took out a £14,076 director’s loan in 2021.   One of the neighbours from before the Pattison family moved to Epsom said the "introverted" chartered accountant “seemed older than 39, he looked and acted like someone approaching 50, not 40”.   They added: “His dress sense was almost like a country gent. Over the last year or so I never really saw him go to work.   “I think he may have worked at home a bit, but I got the impression he had a lot of time on his hands.   “I'd see him through the window drinking glasses of red wine in his new kitchen extension.”   DON'T MISSCat owner surprised when adopted pet rapidly grew [PICTURED]Couple lost son 45 years ago in same area as Nicola Bulley [REVEALED]Joe Biden prepares to close deal on major migrant swap with Mexico [REPORT]  The family lived at the four-bedroom property in Caterham while Mrs Pattison was Croydon High School’s headteacher before she moved on to become the head at Epsom College last September.   In the early hours of Sunday morning, she called her sister Deborah Kirk in a state of distress.   This phone call led to her sister driving to the home in Epsom, Surrey, but she arrived too late and discovered her sister’s body as well as Mr Pattison’s and that of Lettie.   Surrey Police has referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct over the triple shooting because they had spoken to Mr Pattison about his gun licence just days before the tragedy.   He had been a licensed shotgun holder for years and officers had called him last Thursday to talk about where he was storing his weapon in the new property.   Surrey Police is now treating the incident as a homicide investigation.   The exact cause of the deaths, which have been reported to the coroner, will not be established until post-mortem examinations have been carried out. The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org. 