LeBron James has admitted that he was disappointed in the Los Angeles Lakers' inability to swing a trade for superstar point guard Kyrie Irving. James' former teammate with the Cleveland Cavaliers, Irving, became available last week after declaring his want to be traded away from the Brooklyn Nets after a contract dispute. The 30-year-old is to become a free agent this summer. Irving was instead traded to the Dallas Mavericks for Spencer Dinwiddie, Dorian Finney-Smith and a first-round pick, with the Texas franchise seemingly going all-in with an attempt to win a championship this season, alongside Luka Doncic. For the Lakers, the front office and James alike know that work needs to be done to the roster if they are to even compete for a playoff spot whilst currently having one of the worst records in the league. Irving was heavily rumoured to be a target for the Lakers this season when he is to become a free agent, but the front office did put in an offer to fastpass that move, knowing that the point guard would likely sign an extension this summer. But it was not to be, with the Lakers now needing to look elsewhere. Speaking to ESPN on Monday, James said: "I can’t sit here and say I’m not disappointed on not being able to land such a talent. But [also] someone that I had great chemistry with and know I got great chemistry with on the floor, that can help you win championships, in my mind, in my eyes. "But my focus is shifted now. My focus is shifted back to where it should be and that’s this club now and what we have in the locker room." James added that whilst being disappointed, he knows he and his teammates must now focus on their next game, as they are in need of going on a run of wins while currently out of the playoff spots. James said: "It don’t take me long. I don’t get too excited about the possibilities of things that can be. I kind of envision myself on what it can, but I don’t invest it all the way into it until I know it’s happening and when it does not happen, I’m back locked in on the job at hand. "So we had an opportunity, our names were out there, the Lakers name was out there. We had an opportunity, it didn’t happen. We move on and we finish this season strong, try to get a bid into the postseason, where I feel if we go in healthy, we can compete with anybody." 