Quinton Fortune knows all about life at Manchester United. And, back in the summer, he endorsed the club’s decision to hire compatriot Benni McCarthy as a coach. The former midfielder appears to have been proven right, with Red Devils players enjoying working under the South African on a daily basis at Carrington. McCarthy has been in the spotlight recently amid United’s impressive resurgence under Ten Hag so far. The South African was hired to work with the club’s attackers, many of which struggled under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last season. And McCarthy has made a big impact at Carrington, helping to take the game of Marcus Rashford to a whole new level with the England international bagging 24 goals across all competitions. Anthony Martial and Jadon Sancho are also said to enjoy the company of the former West Ham and Porto striker. Back in the summer, Fortune opened up on his former team-mate and endorsed his appointment. "This will be an out-of-this-world experience for Benni,” he told BBC Sport Africa at the time. "If you look at what Benni has achieved in the game – a Champions League winner, league winner in Holland and Portugal, golden boot winner at the 1998 Africa Cup of Nations and in Portugal, together with his coaching qualifications, his appointment is a no-brainer. "I thought if Benni was going to be working only with the strikers, it was huge - but for me, it's even bigger now that I've heard he will also be working with the midfielders and strikers." Fortune also expressed a desire to see McCarthy pave the way for more South Africans to work as coaches around Europe. "It's not only good for Benni but also for African coaches to show what's possible," he said. Fortune knew all about McCarthy, with the duo previously playing together at international level. And, now, United’s decision to give a coaching role to the former striker has certainly paid off. United’s attack has been much-improved this season, with the Red Devils netting 41 goals in the league. Only Arsenal, Manchester City and Tottenham have bagged more. And Rashford, speaking recently, hailed McCarthy for the way he was improving players in training. “He’s definitely helped me a lot,” he stated. “To have them attack-minded coaches is good for us in the squad, he’s always there speaking to us about these things.” Ten Hag, meanwhile, hailed the appointment of McCarthy back in the summer. "In our coaching staff, we had a lot of defenders and midfield players," the manager explained. "I wanted also to find a good balance. "[McCarthy] is offensive [minded] as he is a former striker, and that is also a really specific job task in the team. I never played there, so I’m lucky to have someone in my staff who played there. "Football is about scoring, and you have a goalkeeping specialist (at United, that's goalkeeping coaches Richard Hartis and Craig Mawson), but you also have offensive specialists, and, in particular, we have a specific scoring trainer. "He has to add that, in details, working and for the rest of us, he has a relationship to all the players in our squad. He also has to work on the togetherness, and he is doing a great job on that."