Hotel Portofino is the next period drama bound to get fans hooked, telling the tale of the daughter of a wealthy industrialist who moves to Italy in the 1920s to set up a hotel. Initially released on Britbox in January, the series is now set to come out on Friday, February 3, on ITV. Here's all there is to know about the cast of Hotel Portofino. Bella Ainsworth is the co-owner of the Italian Riviera hotel which she calls Hotel Portofino, set in the beautiful town of the same name. Set between the First and the Second World War, Benito Mussolini's brand of fascism was on the rise as she set up her business. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Joining actress McElhone is actor Mark Umbers who has appeared in Dolittle, Father Brown, Midsomer Murders, Grantchester and Home Fires. In 2009, Umbers was behind Dan Tate in the popular series Mistresses on ABC. He plays Cecil Ainsworth, Bella's husband in the drama who has been excused from active duty in the First World War. Cecil is always coming up with schemes to try and fund his expensive lifestyle which don't always go according to plan. Unsure of life in Italy, Alice is Bella and Cecil's daughter and a widowed mum of six-year-old daughter Lottie. Actress Olivia Morris has been in The Head, Professor T and the Bollywood movie RRR. Actor Oliver Dench has been in Pandora, The Athena, Noughts + Crosses and Ride. His character Lucien is the son of Bella and Cecil who was removed from the front line after he was injured and remains physically and emotionally scarred by what happened. DON'T MISS...Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [HEALTH]Love Island sickness tears through the villa [SPOILER]Happy Valley spoiler clip teases Ryan Cawood kidnap plot [THEORY] Lady Latchmere is a British dowager who is spending her summer in Italy but isn't the easiest of guests to please. Actress Anna Chancellor has been in a number of films like The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Four Weddings and a Funeral and, most recently, Mrs Harris Goes to Paris. Lady Latchmere is accompanied on holiday by her niece who is constantly at her beck and call. Actress Imogen King has appeared in The Bay, Suspect and Clique, just to name a few. Actor Adam James has been in a number of popular shows such as I May Destroy You, Doctor Foster, Life, Vigil, The Suspect, Extras and Treason. He is behind American art dealer Jack who authenticates work and sells them to collectors. Other cast members include: Claudine Pascal - Lily Frazer Dr Anish Sengupta - Assad Zaman Signor Vincenzo Danioni - Pasquale Esposito Gianluca Bruzzone - Rocco Fasano Hotel Portofino premieres on Friday, February 3, at 9pm on ITV.