Energy regulator Ofgem has announced the energy price cap will fall from £4,200 a year for an average household on typical use to £3,280 a year from April 1. However, financial journalist Martin Lewis has explained why this figure is currently “meaningless” while the Government’s lower energy price guarantee is still in place. Mr Lewis also said he hopes Chancellor Jeremy Hunt would backtrack on his plan to increase the energy price guarantee from £2,500 to £3,000 from April. The energy price cap is a metric decided by energy regulator Ofgem and sets a maximum price that energy suppliers can charge consumers for each kilowatt hour (kWh) of energy they use. The energy price guarantee, however, protects customers from significant increases in energy costs by limiting the amount suppliers can charge households. Mr Lewis told ITV viewers this morning: “The current price cap for January until the end of March is £4,200 a year for somebody on typical use. It’s a meaningless figure but it’s much easier to explain using it than any other way.” Based on lower wholesale energy prices, the energy price cap has now been reduced to £3,280 a year, from April to July. READ MORE: Rail fare rises to £67 off energy bills - the money changes coming  But, since last October, the energy price guarantee has seen the Government subsidising the difference. Mr Lewis explained: “So if you take the £4,300 at the moment, what we’re paying is £2,500. The difference is the amount the Government pays to energy companies.” Now, while the price cap has come down to £3,280, it is still higher than the energy price guarantee, which means Britons will still pay the energy price guarantee. Mr Lewis continued: “And on April 1, the Government - as it sets the energy price guarantee, not the regulator or firms - is planning to increase the price from £2,500 a year for someone on typical use by 20 percent, and that’s what everyone should think of.” This follows Chancellor Jeremy Hunt’s announcement to increase the energy price guarantee from £2,500 to £3,000 a year for 12 months from April. DON'T MISS: Energy misery as map show which areas of UK to have highest bills [ANALYSIS]Cook a whole Sunday roast without using an oven - three methods [EXPLAINED]List of energy-saving appliances you could get free this year [INSIGHT]    Mr Lewis that under current plans: “You’re going to pay 20 percent more in England, Scotland and Wales, to £3,000. But because the cap is still higher than the energy price guarantee, the energy price cap is irrelevant.” However, he stressed the prediction worth noting is that from July, the energy price cap is forecast to drop to £2,100 and it will be lower than the energy price guarantee, so Britons will pay the lower amount. If this forecast were correct, Mr Lewis explained: “The Government, from July, will stop subsidising energy prices and we will pay the lower. Which is why, I wrote to the Chancellor two weeks ago saying ‘please, do not do the price increase in April’. “It will only likely be in effect for three months. It seems to be an act of national mental health harm to send millions - almost everybody - a letter saying your energy bills are going to go up by 20 percent again, just for the sake of three months. READ MORE: Common thermostat energy-saving tip 'will raise bills'  “If you instead postpone the rise until July, we’ll be back on the price cap so the energy price guarantee is irrelevant and we get people to escape having to have that price hike.” According to Mr Lewis, 80 major charities have now supported his call, including Energy UK, which is the trade body for the energy industry. Mr Lewis said: “It is important to state the increase coming in April is not due to the price cap, it is not due to the regulator or energy firms, it is a decision by the Government. “When we talk about broadband and water and other bills, those are prices the Government doesn’t have direct control over. With energy bills, the Government has direct control and it is the Government that sets prices. “If what we pay goes up by 20 percent it is because the Government has decided it should go up by 20 percent, and that’s what is currently scheduled to happen at the beginning of April.” Keep up to date with the latest money news by following us on Twitter at @ExpressMoney_  Addressing how much it would cost to postpone the increase to the energy price guarantee, Mr Lewis said: “The Government is going to be spending a lot less money subsidising energy bills than it had predicted. For this month, it’s coming down by around £1,000 pro rata a year. “It will cost the Government around £2.5billion to not increase prices by 20 percent in April, but it is saving tens of billions of pounds compared to what it thought it would have paid on the energy price guarantee by the end of next year, which is my argument.” He argued if the Government is spending “a lot less” than they thought they would have done, they could “spend this bit now”, before adding that this could actually bring inflation down. Mr Lewis added: “So today the news is about the price cap. That will have an effect - it can change the relationship between the cost of direct debit and prepayment meter bills and economy 7, but it will only be a small effect. The big effect for April to July is in the Government’s hands.”  Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.