The singer, 31, has mostly shared posts to promote his music and tour performances, but hasn’t been as “engaged” with fans as he would have liked. He has now vowed to be more active with his followers as he said he didn't want to "pretend to be something he wasn't" by posting during his personal troubles. Ed explained: "I realise I haven't been that engaged in my social media or fanbase over the last couple of years and the things that have been posted on this account might have got a bit boring, I'm sorry, that's my fault. "The reason I'm making this video, just being totally honest, I've had some turbulent things happening in my personal life so I just didn't really feel like being online and pretending to be something I'm not when I wasn't really feeling like that." Ed then added: "I know that sounds weird, but hence I'm making this video to say things are looking up and I'm back online. "So you know, weird s**t is gonna start being posted here. I've made this video about 50 f*****g times I'm not making another one!" READ MORE: James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments In November, Ed told his followers that he was taking a break from social media, after wrapping up work on a new music video. Sharing a behind-the-scenes snap overlooking a beach, he penned the caption: "Signing off now until 2023. See you in the new year. Much love, Ed x." Ed is in the middle of a worldwide tour, and is currently performing a run of shows in Australia and New Zealand. In February last year, Ed was devastated when his close friend Jamal Edwards tragically died after a cardiac arrest. The star paid tribute to his late pal earlier this month with a moving freestyle, which he filmed at Stamford Bridge, the home of Chelsea FC, of whom Jamal was a fan. Speaking on his late pal during an interview with BBC News, Ed said that he believes he wouldn't be the star he is today without Jamal's support. "I really don't think I would have been given the opportunities that I was given had it not been for Jamal putting his arm around me," he said. He added that he had been performing on the acoustic scene for several years before Jamal discovered him and asked him to perform on his YouTube channel. Love Island's Zara McDermott teams up with Kate Middleton for project Jamal’s mother Brenda Edwards said it “hurts like it was yesterday” when thinking about the SBTV founder’s death. On her Instagram, she shared a video of pop star Ed singing about his late pal, Jamal. The Loose Women star typed: “Can’t believe it’s almost a year since my baby Jamal went to be with Mum and Dad. "It still hurts like it was yesterday and I know that pain will never leave me, but still, I rise. “Thank you @teddysphotos for always being there for my baby and me and @tanisha.arts_ and the @sbtvonline family. “You know you and your beautiful family will always have my heart and we will continue to make Jamal's legacy shine bright,” she added. In May 2022, Ed also revealed he'd welcomed his second child with his wife Cherry Seaborn, daughter Jupiter. Announcing the news on Instagram, Ed wrote: "Want to let you all know we've had another beautiful baby girl. We are both so in love with her, and over the moon to be a family of 4." Ed and Cherry are already proud parents to daughter Lyra, two, after tying the knot in 2019.