Ron DeSantis is the Governor of Florida. Therefore, he lives in the Florida Governor's Mansion, the official site of the people's house of Florida, with his wife Casey and their three children. The pair have discussed the difficulty of raising their three young kids, Mason, Madison, and Mamie in the historic building. The home is in Tallahassee and is a red brick building with grand white columns. It was designed to resemble The Hermitage, another grand house in Florida. It's now a museum but it was once lived in by the owners of a cotton plantation, which at one point was worked on by 44 enslaved people. However, the Florida Governor's Mansion does not share such a history. It was built specifically for the governor of the state and finished in 1907. The home on 700 North Adams Street is stunning, but residents don't have the ability to redecorate much of the home. The furnishings in the home are managed by the Governor's Mansion Commission. READ MORE: The strange Melania Trump IQ rumour fooling some fans of the former first lady The home boasts a large State Entrance Hall, designed by James Cogar, America’s leading expert in colonial interiors to have "the feeling that is a gracious home of quiet beauty that would please but not overpower those that were entertained there."  Casey opened up about the problems the family had trying to make the mansion an appropriate place to raise their three children. She told Tallahassee Magazine: "We’re just going to make sure that they don’t destroy any of Florida’s irreplaceable history because there are so many wonderful, neat artifacts around,” Casey said at the time. "You go into the dining room, you see stuff from the USS Florida. You see the late 19th-century wallpaper, and I don’t think that orange crayon would look good on that." DON'T MISS'I'm worried about Ivanka': Fans 'concerned' as she shares pictures [WORRY]Bed Bath & Beyond closing 87 stores in 30 states [FULL LIST]Naomi Biden wore jewellery costing $46,150 for her lavish wedding [INSIGHT] DeSantis himself added: "We tried to baby-proof this place, but there are so many nooks and crannies, and they find all the nooks and crannies. "So we run around. She runs around all the time and really does a phenomenal job because she’s out on the road, too." He also addressed the strange circumstances of raising his children in such a historic home, with all the privileges that come with it. He said: "You have this house, you have staff, you have a mansion chef and all this stuff, and that’s not how I, or Casey, grew up, and so I think we’re going to be cognizant to make sure that the kids are grounded and that they don’t have any type of sense of entitlement." Photos on Ron DeSantis' website show his beautiful family playing on the lawn in front of the columned house. Casey and Mamie cuddle in the grass in one snap. Another official image from the inside the office in the property shows the Governor's workspace is full of pictures of his wife and children. Another image shows a light and breezy room leading out to the garden, with large windows and glass doors. The room has been decorated with an orange sofa, a side table full of family pictures, a potted orchid, and a framed painting of the sea and palm trees.