Inter Miami manager Phil Neville has had his say on whether Lionel Messi or David Beckham would be the biggest MLS transfer of all time. Messi is reportedly uncertain of extending his contract with Paris Saint-Germain past this summer, with a move to the MLS said to be on the cards. The PSG management had been hopeful last month that the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner would quickly sign on, with his option for a third year in the French capital being renegotiated in the wake of the club’s FFP-related difficulties. However, the former Barcelona star and his team have yet to accept the offer, with the option of moving to Inter Miami said to be of more intrigue. The World Cup winner is said to be tempted by a move to Miami, with his family willing to relocate to Florida. David Beckham, the owner of Inter Miami, has wanted to bring Messi to the MLS ever since he founded the club five years ago. Messi's arrival in the US would be the biggest deal since Beckham moved from Real Madrid to LA Galaxy in 2012. Speaking of that such deal, Miami's manager Neville was recently asked if Messi's move to the States would trump Becks' arrival in 2007. He told The Athletic: "I think it goes bigger than Inter Miami. I think it’s in MLS. It’s big for the MLS. I think this would be probably the biggest signing ever in American sports." Asked if the club is prepared for the increased attention Messi's introduction would bring, Neville added: "Life will change. Things will be different. The trees might have to be bigger around the training ground. The security might have to be tighter. "The walk that the players have today over to that stadium, that might have to be different. The travel might be different. The hotels we stay in might have to be different. But really that might be what we’re aspiring to be like anyways. It’s exciting, but I think it’d be a massive challenge." Not long ago, before the World Cup in Qatar, Messi himself had said in an interview that he is planning on living in the USA so he could easily move to Miami. Messi had begun to build a property empire in Miami - with belief around him that he wanted to finish his career in the MLS. A year before Inter Miami's debut campaign, he splashed around £5.5m ($6.6m) on a stunning apartment on Sunny Isles Beach.