Beavers in North Yorkshire have built a giant 70-metre dam which acts as a flooding safety feature for the people of Pickering. The dam is the largest of its kind constructed by beavers in England, enabling the 7,000 occupants of the small town to rest assured that no amount of torrential rain will cause their homes and businesses to become swamped with water. The beavers were introduced to the River Seven close to Cropton Forest three years ago. Cath Bashforth, who works as an ecologist with Forestry England, told the Daily Star the transformation of the area by the beavers has been “amazing to watch”. “Their dam made from logs and sticks and a large amount of silt has grown from strength to strength and now extends almost 70 metres which makes it the largest beaver dam in England,” she said. “The beavers’ progress has been amazing to watch. Their engineering and ingenuity have far exceeded what we were expecting. What a difference has been made since the project started.” Pickering was a flooding hotspot for years prior to the beavers’ arrival. Natural England and the North York Moors National Park Authority are responsible for calling on the beavers after the Environment Agency claimed it couldn’t implement a multi-million-pound flood defence system. The Slowing the Flow at Pickering project was set up to explore “a new approach to flood management”, says Forest Research. READ MORE: Woman makes 'little girl cry' by asking her to move from window seat  As well as the beavers, “flood alleviation has been achieved by working with natural processes, including building a large flood storage area, placing 167 ‘leaky’ woody dams and 187 heath bale dams within streams” together with many other measures. Besides their functional purpose, the beavers have also been responsible for sprucing the river up. “They have also moved a large clump of iris flowers from the middle of a pond and replanted them along their dam to attract more wildlife,” said Cath.  “The beavers have been busy transforming the site and creating a dynamic environment with a diverse mosaic of habitats,” she added. “We have seen an increase in the number of otters and we are getting more regular sightings of kingfishers and grey wagtails.”  