Kensington Palace has released adorable new snaps of Kate, the Princess of Wales, during a visit with primary school pupils to mark Children's Mental Health Week. The royal sat down with children from St John's Church of England Primary School in Bethnal Green, London's East End, and joined them for a craft lesson. She helped make paper chains and urged the children to "keep talking about your feelings" while listening to their early experiences with strong emotions. The chatty youngsters were keen to voice their thoughts with the future monarch during their crafting session. One little boy told the Princess that connecting "releases our emotions to other people that we care about". His classmate said they "take deep breaths in" and "drink a glass of water" to cope with their feelings. As patron of the children's mental health charity Place2Be, which founded Children's Mental Health Week, Kate has helped promote the campaign's 2023 theme. READ MORE: Kate 'suppresses ego' in video - unlike 'royal interviews in the US' Place2Be has chosen 'Let's Connect' as its focus in 2023, championing the importance of making meaningful connections that promote mental well-being. The Princess was eager to encourage the children to connect with their peers as she concluded their crafting session. She urged them to "keep talking about your feelings and keep asking others how they're doing and helping them to talk about their feelings as well". Kate added that she is a "firm believer" in equipping children with the "skills that they need for life and focusing on their social and emotional development". Speaking in a video, Catherine Roche, Place2Be's chief executive, said her organisation founded Children's Mental Health Week "to build awareness and understanding of children and young people's mental health". She added: "All week, schools, families, youth groups will be getting involved and taking part. "People thrive in communities and when we have really good positive connections with others, that's really, really good for our emotional health and well-being." Kate is a well-known champion for children's early development and took a bold step forward last week as she launched her Shaping Us campaign. The project, which the Princess has described as her "life's work", aims to spotlight children's early years development. During a pre-launch event, she outlined how "essential" it is to both "understand the unique importance of our earliest years" and "know what we can all do to help raise future generations of happy, healthy adults". The project will work to “explore in more depth the importance of a child’s social and emotional world”. While many high-profile figures have welcomed the campaign, experts have warned that it must produce real-world development. Speaking on Sky News, Dr Mine Conkbayir, a member of the Practitioners of the Early Years Sector, said that, despite attention from politicians and royals, "nothing is done". She added that the "time has long passed for 'awareness'" and that the country requires "action". Dr Conkbayir said that many childcare providers don't have the means to provide for their children during their earliest years and are forced to "turn to food charities to provide nutritious meals for children". She condemned "paltry government funding" of early years care preventing parents from getting the help they desperately need.