Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis got their hands dirty this half-term with their mother Kate, Princess of Wales, organising outdoor fun for the royal children. Prince William and Kate took time off their royal duties to spend time with George, nine, Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Louis. Playing sports and going for long beach walks will have been among the activities the Waleses enjoyed, according to former BBC royal correspondent Jennie Bond. She said: "They like outdoor activities, so lots of sport, lots of fun, games in the garden and cycling - they've rented bicycles and were seen riding around the Scilly Isles previously. "Their half-terms are full of things you'd get up to at Girl Guides: bonfires, barbecues, helping out with the gardens and the farm in Sandringham. "All the activities are very outdoorsy and there's lots of playing." Ms Bond told OK! Magazine: "William and Catherine are very hands-on parents so there'll probably be some educational play, especially as early development is so important to Kate with her Shaping Us campaign." The campaign, led by the Princess of Wales, aims to raise awareness of the vital role early years play in shaping the rest of our lives. The BBC's former royal correspondent said baking and cooking could also be "on the list" of half-term activities. She said: "All the kids enjoy mucking about in the kitchen with Catherine." READ ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN BEING A 'DOUBLE-EDGED SWORD' Ms Bond added: "She loves teaching them - it's a domestic scene. As well as the rough and tumble of the sports, there's probably a lot of squabbling between siblings. "Charlotte's very keen on football, George also enjoys football, possibly more than rugby. "Catherine's so sporty. I expect we'll see Charlotte on a pony before long, but I don't know if she's learnt to ride yet." She went on to say the Prince and Princess of Wales's children will be romping around and burning off lots of "kiddy energy" as well as enjoying time together. DON'T MISS: King Charles to refuse Prince Harry’s one Coronation demand [REVEALED] Meghan Markle tipped to make millions with next big move [LATEST] Kate and William attend BAFTAs for first time in three years [REPORT] Ms Bond said: "William has said previously how their daily routine is a portrait of a very happy household." The Prince and Princess of Wales returned to royal duties on Sunday night as the couple walked the Bafta red carpet for the first time in three years. Kate donned a Grecian-style gown by Alexander McQueen, which she first wore to the Baftas in 2019. The white, one-shouldered gown has undergone some minor alterations, with the floral detailing on the shoulder swapped for a sweeping train of material. Kate further modernised the look, pairing the outfit with black opera gloves. She looked to a favourite high street store, Zara, for her accessories, wearing statement metal earrings made up of three flowers bunched together with rhinestone appliques and dangling petals. The earrings, priced at £17.99 on the Zara UK website, were listed as out of stock on Sunday night. For his outfit, William kept things classic and simple in a double-breasted black velvet tuxedo jacket. The princess wore the first iteration of the gown in 2019, topping off the look with a pair of diamond earrings that belonged to Diana, Princess of Wales. William has been the president of Bafta since 2010 and Kate first attended the event with her husband in 2017. She started a tradition for wearing British designers on the Bafta red carpet, choosing a black McQueen gown.