Tom Kerridge, 49, joined Great British Menu as a judge in 2021 in a full circle moment, as he had previously made it to the series five banquet as a contestant. However, the chef admitted re-joining the show’s panel as part of a series shake-up by BBC bosses was “hugely nerve-wracking” for him. Tom, alongside comedian Ed Gamble, stepped in to replace judges Matthew Fort and Oliver Peyton, who had been part of the panel since the first series in 2006. Andi Oliver also took over from The Great British Bake Off star Prue Leith following her Great British Menu departure after 11 years on the BBC Two cookery contest. Speaking out on the daunting task in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Tom said: "I’ve been a part of this show since I competed in it in 2009/2010. “So it's been a big part of my life, and what we do, and how I do it. READ MORE... Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' “And so, yeah, replacing one of those judges, you know - Prue Leith, or Matthew, or Oliver Peyton - they're exceptional.  “They’ve been a huge mainstay foundation of the show.”  Tom explained that although he was looking forward to taking on the big TV job, it was also a worrying prospect, as he had big shoes to fill.  The restauranteur divulged: “It’s also been very, very exciting, but yeah, of course, it’s hugely nerve-wracking to try and put your own stamp on that kind of judging chamber, and certain people are used to certain things. “But the only thing you can do is be yourself and don't try to be anybody else. “And bring my experiences of being a chef, and understanding what that show is about, and know what we're looking for when it comes to dishes that come on to the banquet. “You can only be yourself, so yeah, of course there was a lot of reservation and worry about it. “But at the same point, you can't worry too much because you’ve just got to do the job, haven’t you?” He admitted. DON'T MISS:James Martin 'put off weddings for life' as host sacrificed familyAlex Beresford recovers from 'surgery' after earpiece got stuckBangers and Cash star 'leaves wife for much younger colleague' Tom gives his verdicts on the budding chefs alongside Nisha Katona, 51, and Ed Gamble, 36.  Andi Oliver has also continued in her role as host for Great British Menu 2023.  Sharing a behind-the-scenes insight into this year’s series, Tom revealed to Express.co.uk that the team have just finished filming the highly-anticipated banquet.  He spilled: “It's fantastic. We've just finished the banquet. “So we’re done and dusted and finished filming, but it's been an amazing adventure and the chefs who have done it have been incredibly creative. “It’s super, super wonderful to see the dishes they've been putting together. “So yeah, it's been an amazing series to be a part of. The creativity is fantastic, the energy that the chefs bring is first rate, and the actual skill set, the cooking, is just mind blowing. “Some of the dishes are absolutely outstanding.” For Tom, there is just one issue he struggles with while working on the show. “One of the hardest things is to try not to eat all of the food, that’s the problem,” the Michelin-starred chef sheepishly confessed.