The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will steal the spotlight similar to how children "throw tantrums" if they decide to attend King Charles III's Coronation, a royal commentator told Express.co.uk. They warned it would be a "big mistake" to invite the royal couple to the historical event this summer. Dr Carole Lieberman, a psychiatrist and author, told Express.co.uk that it is a "big mistake" for the King to invite the California-based royals to his coronation. She said: "It’s my understanding that King Charles has invited Harry and Meghan to the coronation, or at least is definitely thinking that he will. This would be a big mistake because the Sussexes will steal the spotlight any way they can - in a positive or negative way. "It’s like when little kids throw tantrums for attention - because they feel even negative attention is better than no attention at all." She said another reason the King shouldn't invite the pair is "because Harry and Meghan will use anything that is said or done by the Royal Family as fodder to criticize".  She added: "And if there isn’t anything to criticize, they’ll make stuff up." In his ITV interview with the Telegraph, Harry demanded an apology from the Royal Family, although he did not explicitly link it to his attendance at the coronation. During his press blitz to promote his new book, Spare, the Duke also told ITV's Tom Bradby that he hoped his family would be "willing to sit down" and talk about the ongoing rift. Ms Lieberman said: "There is nothing for which the Sussexes deserve an apology. So, this may cause a standstill, even if they are invited." READ MORE: Harry's legal bid for UK security has already cost taxpayer £300,000 If they did attend, though this is not yet clear, the couple may be given a small role at the coronation, the US-based doctor claimed. She said: "It has been said that Harry and Meghan - if invited - would get a smaller role at the coronation like the Queen gave them a smaller role at the Jubilee. "Meghan wouldn’t like this, but would put up with it if it means getting her face on TV." Writing in the Daily Beast, royal correspondent Tom Skyes cited a friend of the King's saying: "Charles adores Harry and wants him to be there. But he has a coronation to organise. DON'T MISS Meghan 'making life harder for herself' after Duchess caught 'fibbing' [INSIGHT]Camilla to avoid jaw-dropping jewel to escape 'trend of misfortune' [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'won't recover' from South Park episode [ANALYSIS]      "He simply won’t have the time to organise a special meeting with Harry." Earlier this month, an unnamed source close to the Sussexes told the Daily Mail that they will "definitely" attend the historical event. The source said: "Members of the family have told me that both Harry and Meghan will definitely come. They fully expect that. "And they should realise that there is only one subject that many members of the royal family will be willing to discuss… and that's the weather." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews