Donald Trump made a dig at Joe Biden while visiting the scene of train crash in the US today. The former President took aim at the Democratic administration's spending during a speech in East Palestine, Ohio. Residents of the town are living in fear after the derailed train spilled toxic chemicals, which authorities later destroyed in a controlled burn. Officials now say the area is safe, though strong concern remains. The former President skewered his successor for his billions of support for Ukraine. “I sincerely hope that when your representatives and all of the politicians get here, including Biden, they get back from touring Ukraine that he’s got some money left over," Trump said. He went on to claim: "Because we are now at $117 billion and, as you probably know, Europe when you add it all up is at about $10 billion. “That’s a big difference, wouldn’t you say. That’s one of things that gets me because they are at it again. “They are very good negotiators those people in Europe. You know when you add it all up, it’s about the same size as the US, the economies of the different European countries and they are at a very small number compared to us." Wearing a MAGA hat and a long black coat ahead of his speech, he said “I think it’s terrible” that Biden has not yet visited the town. Vinyl chloride, a carcinogen, was spilled by a 50-cab derailment earlier this month, with clean-up still ongoing and the long-term impact unclear. Trunp vowed to visit “great people who need help, NOW!” on Truth Social. But as he made his way to the town, campaign group The Lincoln Project took the opportunity to bash him for rolling back railroad regulations as President. “Donald Trump spent four years demolishing rail safety protections at the expense of the health and safety of average Americans,” the group of former Republicans said on Twitter. "His trip to East Palestine, Ohio today is pure political theatre and a sad attempt to mask his failures as a President. We won’t let him." Democrats have also seized the opportunity to lash out at Trump for his record on rail safety as President. Ahead of Wednesday’s appearance, the Democratic National Committee sent reporters a list of Trump’s deregulation efforts, with the subject line: “REMINDER: Trump Slashed Transportation Safety and Environmental Rules, Funding.” “It’s clear that it’s a political stunt,” former Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, a Republican and former member of Congress who led the Department of Transport during President Barack Obama’s first term, said. “If he wants to visit, he’s a citizen. But clearly his regulations and the elimination of them, and no emphasis on safety, is going to be pointed out.” Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews