After a catastrophic task, Joe Phillips was fired by Lord Sugar in the boardroom. It came after the candidates were asked to prepare and sell corporate tours in the United Arab Emirates city. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press about his time on The Apprentice, Joe admitted he'd made a "fatal error" during the task in the BBC show and was left "absolutely gutted" by Alan's decision.  During an event set in the blazing desert, the clients in Joe's team weren't pleased when they were informed they were allowed only two glasses of water each. The team hadn't brought enough with them, and to add insult to injury, the tour had been sold as a luxury activity. The clients had demanded a whopping 60 percent refund following the event, meaning Joe's team had lost. While discussing what had gone wrong, Alan criticised Simba Rwambiwa for telling the guests they were allowed only two glasses of water. READ MORE J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered Stepping in, Joe cut in to admit he had been the one to tell Simba to inform the guests. He later found himself brought back into the boardroom by team leader Rochelle Anthony, along with Simba. Defending the decision while in the firing line, Joe confessed: "I just think we should have told them at the beginning, and said, 'If you want more, not a problem, we can get you some more.' "And then I think it would have not been an issue." However, this wasn't enough to convince Alan to keep him in the show. "Yeah, but we were hosting an event in the desert," Rochelle pointed out. "I just don't understand how it was never brought up that we would need additional water." After hearing from all three contestants, Alan decided to fire Joe from the process. Speaking to press, Joe reflected on his losing task and his thoughts on being eliminated. "I'm obviously absolutely gutted that I was fired," he stated. "I thoroughly enjoyed the process. And I was very lucky I got to go to Antigua and Dubai but on this task, I think the thing that fell down was the hospitality side. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Stephen could kill family member next says co-star [LATEST]EastEnders history to repeat itself as Sharon makes huge decision [SPOILER]Paul Martin opens up on ‘privilege’ of hosting new series [EXCLUISIVE] "To provide the guests with limited drinking water in 35-degree heat in the desert was a fatal error. "And although it was Dani's [Donovan] idea to limit the drinks, as the sub-team leader, it was my responsibility to sign off on that decision. "And I did, and I think that was the mistake that led to my firing." Describing the atmosphere of being in the boardroom as one of the three who could be fired, he said it was "very nerve-wracking". "Being in the final three, you know, everyone there is so single-minded, so driven," he continued.  "Although we're good friends we all want to do as well as we can in the process. "So when you are in the final three, it's your chance to try and show Lord Sugar that you deserve to stay in the process more than the other two in the room. "So yeah, it's quite a nerve-wracking experience. But to be honest with you, I thoroughly enjoyed it." During the task, it was Reece Donnelly who also left the process, which was later confirmed as being due to health reasons. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One