All skin ages naturally, but several factors can speed up the process and produce visible signs. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Clinical Consultants at Clinique who said sun exposure and UV rays are the number one reason why skin gets damaged and shows signs of ageing. Here’s how to prevent skin from ageing, and the best three-step skincare routine that can restore aged skin. A report by The World Health Organization looked into the health risks of UV radiation and briefly discussed the ageing effect of the sun. The authors explained how “chronic overexposure to the sun can change the texture and weaken the elasticity of the skin”. “Sun-induced skin damage causes premature wrinkling, sags and bags, and easy bruising,” they added. “And up to 90 percent of the visible changes commonly attributed to ageing may be caused by sun exposure.” The “key” to reducing signs of ageing is “prevention” and the Clinique skincare experts explained more. READ MORE: Beauty expert shares common eyebrow mistakes can ‘age you’ The main skincare issues women face as they get older are “lines and wrinkles, uneven skin tone with dark spots and loss of firmness”. Whilst lifestyle plays an important part in skin health, “using a sun factor and the correct skin care products to prevent ageing is a must”. Speaking further about the sun and UV rays harming the skin, the Clinical Consultants explained: “No matter what your skin tone is, how much time you spend outdoors, or what time of year it is, everyone needs to protect their skin from UV rays every day. “UV rays penetrate through clouds and windows, so even 10 or 15 minutes of sun exposure each day can add up and compromise your skin.” DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen worth millions as earnings double from Our Yorkshire Farm [NEWS]‘Kill weeds’ with a solution that's better than ‘industrial’ chemicals [COMMENT]Correct method to cook ‘fluffy rice every time’ [VIDEO] When it comes to choosing a suncream or spf, they shared some advice: “Look for a day cream that contains broad-spectrum sunscreen as well as antioxidants to help defend your skin from sun damage, and also helps block UVA/UVB rays, as well as infrared and blue lights. “When exposed to direct sunlight, you should reapply sunscreen every two hours to achieve maximum protection. Also, make sure you reapply after sweating or swimming.” Alongside wearing suncream, there are a few ways to help restore the skin. The experts said: “Because fine or deep lines and wrinkles are caused by sun, stress and environmental factors that accelerate the breakdown of the skin’s collagen/elastin support structure,” you need to choose products that “strengthen and repair [the skin’s] moisture barrier, strengthen and repair [the] skin’s natural support structure, and protect [the skin] from the sun and environmental aggressors”. READ MORE: Makeup artist shares tips to ‘lift sagging skin’ for women 40+ In order the “create healthy skin you need to have a balance of oil and water, even and consistent cell turnover along with normal production of melanin and an intact moisture barrier”. The Clinical Consultants shared Clinique’s three-step routine for achieving this. 1. Cleanse to remove debris and oil from the surface of the skin. Clinique recently launched Take The Day Off™ Charcoal Cleansing Balm, and it has been hailed Clinique's number one makeup remover in a silky balm formula that gently dissolves makeup, now with detoxifying Japanese charcoal. 2. Exfoliate to sweep away the top layer of dead skin cells along with any leftover oil and debris.  3. Moisturise to help restore hydration to the skin - a good moisturiser will replenish lost moisture and strengthen the skin. Clinique offers Clinical Consultations where consultants “uncover your primary skincare concerns”. A consultant curates “a simple customised regiment” and discusses the progress you can expect to see immediately and over the next 12-16 weeks.