Arsenal could face a major dilemma in their summer pursuit of West Ham midfielder Declan Rice as an indirect result of Chelsea's record-breaking January move for Enzo Fernandez, according to reports. The Gunners have reportedly identified Rice as their top target in advance of next season and are preparing to move heaven and earth in order to bring him to the Emirates Stadium when the bidding opens in the summer. Rice has consistently rejected the idea of signing a new deal at West Ham and looks set to be sold at the end of the season, with his existing deal up in the summer of 2024. It seems as though Arsenal would be his most likely destination as things stand but it remains to be seen whether the north Londoners will be happy to meet West Ham's asking price, which has inflated in recent weeks due to Chelsea's big-money move for Fernandez.That's according to Dean Jones, who reports that Chelsea may have set something of a precedent by shelling out a British record fee of around £107million to prise Fernandez away from Benfica last month. West Ham are now said to be demanding that Arsenal break the record again by paying £110m to snap up Rice, which could pose an issue for the Gunners as a result of their preference to avoid spending nine figures on the England ace.Chelsea have also been credited with an interest in signing Rice, who started his career in their academy ranks before he was eventually released as a teenager. Their free-spending transfer policy could give them the upper hand if they decide to rival Arsenal for the 24-year-old's services at the end of the campaign, with Blues owner Todd Boehly having demonstrated that he is more than willing to splash the cash to meet the club's recruitment aims. JUST IN: Premier League block Tottenham from making emergency transfer However, Arsenal could find themselves firmly in the driving seat for Rice if they manage to win this season's Premier League title ahead of Manchester City. The achievement would give the Gunners some additional pulling power in the summer window and could be poised to tip the balance in their favour, given Chelsea's on-pitch struggles under the guidance of Graham Potter in recent months.Meanwhile, it has been claimed by former Tottenham defender Alan Hutton that Chelsea may not even enter the bidding for Rice after spending so heavily on Fernandez, with a new striker likely to be at the top of their agenda when the market reopens later this year. "I think the striker situation is more of a problem for them at this moment in time," Hutton told Football Insider. "They just spent £105m on a centre-mid that does the same sort of thing as Rice, do they need to spend another £100m? No."I don't really know the direction that they are going in at this moment in time when it comes to recruitment. I think for a player looking at Arsenal, it looks like a good project at this moment in time. It is something you would probably want to be involved in." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.