Footage shows the moment a man attacked a 16-year-old boy less than a year before he gunned down five innocent people. Jake Davison launched an attack on the boy, leaving him unconscious in hospital, after the teenager called him names and ran off. Footage of the attack was released following an inquest into the death of the five victims gunned down by Davison in Keyham, Plymouth in August 2021. The court heard that Davison was so angry following the incident with the teenager that he went home to get his shotgun. The attack occurred at a skatepark just minutes from Davison's home in Keyham. A 15-year-old came to help the boy but was slapped by Davison who was so angry he wanted to kill the teenagers, the inquest heard. Davison, 22, was traced following a CCTV appeal but was not charged but referred to a restorative justice programme. Despite his firearm being taken off him following the attack on the teenager, it was later returned by police. Less than a year later, Davison went on an eight-minute killing spree in which he killed five people, including a child and his own mother, before turning the gun on himself. The victims were Maxine Davison, Lee Martyn, Sophie Martyn, Stephen Washington and Kate Shepherd. The inquest ruled that the five were all "unlawfully killed" by him. Following the outcome Devon and Cornwall Police were forced to apologise, saying he should "never have been in possession of a shotgun licence". READ MORE: Man who spotted Nicola Bulley's body reeds breaks his silence Chief Constable Will Kerr said: "Steps should have been taken to safeguard our communities and for that failure, I am truly sorry. “The families who have attended the inquest have displayed immense dignity at a time of huge stress and emotion. I can only imagine how difficult a process it has been for them. “The events of that day have had, and will continue to have, an enormous impact on the community of Keyham as well as my own officers and staff who attended the scene.” Relatives of the five victims slammed the police, saying Davison was granted a "licence to kill" adding that the "system has hopelessly failed us". In a statement, they said: "It is beyond us how Davison, a man with a known history of violence, mental health issues, and with no real need to own a firearm, was granted a licence to possess a gun in the first place." It continued: "On August 12 2021 our lives were changed forever. Our hearts are still incredibly heavy with grief, and we are still struggling to come to terms with our loss. "We will never be able to understand or comprehend why Davison did what he did. "It was an act of pure evil. "However, we now know that this evil act was facilitated and enabled by a series of failings and incompetence from the people and organisations that are supposed to keep us safe. "The system has hopelessly failed us. In particular, the Devon and Cornwall Police force has failed us. 