Kate, Princess of Wales, sent royal fans wild by giving Prince William a tap on the behind at the BAFTAs in a rare moment of public affection. The couple attended the awards ceremony for the first time in three years this month. As the couple arrived at Royal Festival Hall in London, the Princess exchanged a few words with her husband, before she leant across and appeared to give his behind a soft tap. Kate and William, who are typically reserved during public outings, delighted royal watchers by showing off their “playful” side but some have claimed the Princess would be “hugely embarrassed” by their cheeky moment being caught on camera. Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi, hosts of the Royally Us podcast, discussed the Waleses’ BAFTA appearance in their most recent episode. Ms Ross said: “I loved seeing Kate and William get a little playful on the red carpet. There was a video that went viral of her playfully patting William's bum — we don't usually see that type of PDA from the royals so that was definitely a funny moment.” Ms Garibaldi added: “I know that that was hilarious. So sweet. They were sort of whispering in each other's ears and giggling the whole time. They clearly were having a very fun night out and were really enjoying themselves — it was charming. “I'm sure Kate was hugely embarrassed the next day when she saw the video, but I think everyone who has another half laughed. It was really relatable and sweet.” READ MORE: Kate and William's 'playful flirting' on BAFTA red carpet shows 'tactile' relationship The Prince and Princess of Wales’s physical affection — or lack thereof — has been the subject of speculation in recent months, largely because of comparisons to Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle as well as claims made by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in their Netflix documentary. While Kate and William are rarely seen making physical contact with each other, Harry and Meghan are very tactile. In an episode of Harry & Meghan, the Duchess suggested she and Kate had different approaches to their introductory meeting. Meghan described herself as a “hugger” and indicated her sister-in-law was more “formal” and found physically embracing “jarring”. In recent weeks, the Prince and Princess of Wales have been accused of “orchestrating” public affection in an attempt to prove Meghan wrong. During an episode of their podcast Royally Obsessed this month, hosts Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito discussed the widespread speculation regarding Kate’s attitude towards hugging. Ms Bowie said: “We obviously saw the Waleses doubling down with some hugging — big deep hugging shots posted front and centre to their social media,” referring to a post made by the Prince and Princess of Wales on both their Instagram and Twitter accounts on February 8. Kate had visited a college in Derby to greet Captain Preet Chandi MBE after she returned from her solo expedition across Antarctica and, in one of the photographs, Kate can be seen hugging Captain Chandi. Noting the post, Ms Fiorito said: “It does feel a little orchestrated,” to which Ms Bowie agreed, adding: “Oh, it does.” “There's definitely some weird feelings about it because you are making an effort to hug people that, I feel like, normally you wouldn't,” Ms Fiorito said. DON'T MISS:Harry's privacy claim ridiculed after he describes wetting his pants [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan branded 'laughing stock' in US over South Park [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'won't recover' from South Park episode [ANALYSIS] However, Kate and William’s “flirty” interactions on the BAFTA red carpet have been pointed out as an indication of a true relationship. Speaking on behalf of Betfair Bingo last week, body language expert Darren Staunton said: “From a body language expert's point of view, this was a fascinating and ever-developing story about a real couple. “The outing demonstrated that Kate and William have a fantastic relationship and their bond appears stronger than ever. They are so synchronised in the way that they move. The pair are almost like dancers, who are unconsciously moving as one. They have developed this almost telepathic connection with each other, which was particularly present on the red carpet.” Meanwhile, Judi James — who analysed the couple’s body language exclusively for Express.co.uk last week — claimed Kate and William’s PDA has “intensified” in recent years, perhaps as a way for the couple to “signal their move up to direct heirs to the throne”. She also noted the Princess’s tendency to initiate public affection, suggesting her confidence has grown. Speaking of the BAFTAs appearance, Ms James explained: “Kate looks confident enough to be described as frisky here, at one point even giving William a small pat on the bottom from one elegantly gloved hand in a classic signal of playful flirting.” While there are no formal “rules” against public displays of affection within the Royal Family, members often refrain from showing any during public appearances. Ms James said: “This is such a flirty, tactile display from William and Kate, with Kate looking like a Hollywood goddess on the red carpet and William using body language that could almost suggest he was on his first date. “The couple’s eye contact looks more frequent and intense than usual, suggesting they are using it to communicate emotionally and to help share what looks like high levels of pleasure and excitement at the glamourous event.”