Some 3.4 million people who have reached state pension age aren't claiming Attendance Allowance despite having a disability or health condition that affects their everyday lives. It's the most underclaimed benefit according to Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) yet at least 56 health conditions typically qualify. Campaigners are urging people to do a benefits check as they could be eligible for financial support from the government without even knowing. Attendance Allowance is paid to pensioners over the state pension age of 66 who are physically or mentally disabled. More than two million pensioners are living in poverty in the UK, according to a report published by the Centre for Ageing Better, yet 3.4 million pensioners could be claiming Attendance Allowance according to the DWP. While there is no specific condition that guarantees financial support, the DWP has previously named 56 conditions that usually mean someone would qualify. These include asthma, respiratory conditions, depression, arthritis, loss of vision, back pain, and dementia. READ MORE: Mum’s side hustle allows her to earn extra £250 a month from home One thing that could be putting people off applying is they think they need to have a carer to qualify. Although people have to show they need help to carry out certain tasks, this doesn't actually mean they need to have a carer. Benefits expert Paul Breeden explained: "Attendance Allowance is a weekly benefit that is paid to people aged over pensionable age that helps those who have difficulty with their bodily functions, and who need support or supervision to avoid danger to themselves or others." The expert confirmed there is no limit to what pensioners can spend this money on and it doesn't need to be spent on a carer. DON'T MISS:Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment this year [UPDATE]Santander announces interest rate rise on savings accounts [ALERT]Yorkshire Building Society offers market-leading rate on savings [UPDATE]  Claims for DWP benefits like Attendance Allowance are usually reviewed every year but claimants should inform the DWP straight away if there are any changes to their circumstances. People need to inform the DWP of changes to their health such as if they need to go into hospital or a care home or if they leave the country for more than four weeks.  Attendance Allowance claimants must inform the DWP if:  At least 56 health conditions qualify for Attendance Allowance worth nearly £5,000 a year including: 