Netflix’s hit romantic drama, Virgin River is returning with its fifth season later this year, after the show gained global popularity since it debuted in 2019. But it's not all good news for Virgin River star Martin Henderson, as the star has apologised to fans after postponing his live autograph signing with co-star Alexandra Breckenridge, due to being stuck in New Zealand after severe weather brought the country to a halt. Henderson’s plans were interrupted when Cyclone Gabrielle struck New Zealand on Monday. The severe weather caused significant flooding and landslides across the North Island, with the devastation resulting in the deaths of four people. Taking to his Instagram, the actor, who plays Jack Sheridan in the romance series, updated fans about his current situation in New Zealand. While he and his family "remain safe", the actor has had to pull out of the planned event.  In an Instagram post Henderson explained: "Not sure how much awareness there is outside of New Zealand right now, but we are being hammered by a pretty violent cyclone which has put the nation into a state of emergency." The actor included a map of the storm's path alongside a time-lapsed video filming the sea, showing the impact of the cyclone on the crashing waves. Henderson reassured fans: "Fortunately, we remain safe but our hearts go out to those who have lost homes and property. "I sincerely apologise for the disruption to the planned live signing for tomorrow but unfortunately it has to be postponed till Feb 24th at 12 noon PST. Thanks for your understanding." the star added.   Fans dashed to the comments to show their support for the star and his family. One caring fan @robyncarrwriter wrote: “Stay safe. [love heart emoji] to all in NZ” a second @reislilyan added: “God bless and protect NZ”. Another understanding fan @myjack_and_mel commented: “We are aware and were not expecting the live to go ahead, in those conditions! Stay safe [love heart emoji].” A fourth @lyndalegris echoed: “Forget about the signing Martin, your safety as well as your loved ones is so much more important. And TY for even finding the time to write and think of your fans on such an event.”  Henderson's co-star, Alexandra Breckenridge, who plays Melinda Monroe in the show also showed support for her friend by resharing his post on her Instagram story. The actors wrapped filming for season five of the popular Netflix show in November. They were due to host a live autograph signing on Valentine's Day, but have rescheduled the event. Netflix has not announced the release date for the upcoming season of the drama, but it is expected to premier on the streaming giant sometime during the summer. Season four of Virgin River gave fans many shocking revelations but left them on a cliffhanger. Fans can expect to see a few new faces in the fifth season, as Netflix has announced they will be welcoming Susan Hogan, Elise Gatien and Paolo Maiolo into the mix. The upcoming drama has reportedly cost Netflix between $3 to $5 million for each episode, coming to an eye-watering total of $60 million. Season one to four of Virgin River is currently streaming on Netflix. The date of season five is yet to be confirmed. 