Intense police activity was noticed in the few hours before Lancashire Police announced a body was found near where Nicola Bulley, the mum-of-two who disappeared on January 27, went missing. Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith, the senior investigating officer, was photographed near the scene where Ms Bulley was last seen. Members of the Crime Scene Investigation (CSI) teams were also spotted arriving in the area around 2pm. A police helicopter was spotted circling the area close to where the mortgage adviser disappeared for approximately 25 minutes. A police drone was also used. Divers were also spotted searching the area of the river less than a mile from where the mum of two went missing, after they received a tip-off from a member of the public. A photographer at the scene noticed the police activity prior to the sad police announcement and told the Mirror: "It all happened so fast. Police have sealed all the roads off." Police are understood to have sealed off a nearby road after receiving a call at about 11.50am. A statement issued by Lancashire Police stressed no formal identification has been carried out yet, therefore they are "unable to say whether this is Nicola Bulley at this time". The statement read: "This morning, Sunday, 19 February, you may be aware of police activity around the river near to St Michael's. We want to provide you with an update on that activity. "We were called today at 11.36am to reports of a body in the River Wyre, close to Rawcliffe Road. READ MORE: Police seal off ‘all roads’ close to where Nicola Bulley went missing "An underwater search team and specialist officers have subsequently attended the scene, entered the water and have sadly recovered a body. "No formal identification has yet been carried out, so we are unable to say whether this is Nicola Bulley at this time. "Procedures to identify the body are on-going. We are currently treating the death as unexplained. "Nicola’s family have been informed of developments and our thoughts are with them at this most difficult of times. We ask that their privacy is respected." Express.co.uk has contacted Lancashire Police for details. Lancashire Police, who are investigating the disappearance of Ms Bulley happened more than three weeks ago, said their "main hypothesis" is that the mother-of-two fell in the river. Lancashire Police came under fire earlier this month after saying Ms Bulley was classed as a "high-risk" missing person immediately after her partner reported her disappearance "based on a number of specific vulnerabilities". A following statement added the mother-of-two had been struggling with alcohol issues and peri-menopause, and had stopped taking her HRT medication. Commons Leader Penny Mordaunt described this revelation as "shocking", and Home Secretary Suella Braverman contacted police leaders about the investigation as the Prime Minister said he too was "concerned" by the disclosure of the information. On the morning of January 27, Ms Bulley left her home to drop her two daughters - aged six and nine - off at school. At 8.43am, she walked along a path by the River Wyre with her Spaniel Willow, and around 8.50am a person who knows Ms Bulley stopped with their dog to say hello. At 8.53am, Ms Bulley sent an email to her boss and four minutes later she logged into a Teams call. Ms Bulley and her dog were last seen around 9.10am by a witness. Her working call ended at 9.30am, but the mum of two remained online. Around 9.35am, her phone and dog were found by the river by another dog walker, a finding that sparked concerns for Ms Bulley's wellbeing.