The presenting duo introduced the remaining contestants who pulled out all the stops with their costumes including Elvis, Troy Bolton, Mary Poppins and The Ghostbusters. However, it was Holly's dress which left Dancing on Ice viewers talking as they took to their social media to praise her appearance. Standing alongside Phillip, she wowed in the floor-length gown, which was covered in sparkling jewels and fastened in a halter neck. The gown featured a plunging neck, which she paired with soft make-up and let her blonde hair down in her signature curly style. Stunned with her appearance, @JDavvyy wrote on their Twitter page: "Holly in that dress!! #DancingOnIce," alongside a heart eye emoji. @scot_1929 added: "Holly is looking stunning tonight. Love that dress! #dancingonice." READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain Teena Massam commented: "Only just seen Holly’s dress, she looks stunning. #dancingonice." @bvdsteel praised: "Holly’s dress. Unreal #dancingonice."(sic) However, not all viewers were impressed with the dress, as @Sundays_child__ noted: "What the bloody hell does Holly look like #DancingOnIce." @LindyLaQueen teased: "Holly's come as an Oscar for movie week. Phil was a cinema seat from the 60s. #dancingonice." @jazzychisholm described: "Holly’s dress looks like a telly with no signal #dancingonice." Holly gave a preview of her dress on her Instagram page before the show started and wrote alongside the image: "All that glitters on Movie night at @dancingonice. "Great songs and great performances tonight… even a treat from @diversity_official." (sic) It wasn't just the viewers who were left stunned by Holly's dress as The Vivienne claimed she needed to borrow the dress when Holly was done with it. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise episode 7 will welcome back series 12 guest stars [WATCH]Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore  [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage [INSINGHT] This isn't the first time that Holly has left viewers distracted with the stunning gowns she wears for the evening of entertainment. Last week, she donned a candy floss-coloured strapless frock with white floral detail, with many claiming she looked like something out of a fairytale. Tonight, the skating stars were given the judge's challenge of incorporating a jump on their own which had two feet off of the ice. The Wanted star Siva Kaneswaran returned to the ice after having to be pulled from the competition last week due to an illness. He wrote on his Instagram: "I'm gutted that I won't be performing this weekend but I picked up a bug earlier in the week which I haven’t been able to shake so I need to rest and get myself better. "Good luck to all the contestants this weekend - I'm looking forward to watching everyone's performances!" He and partner Klabera Komini performed to Elvis, A Little Less Conversation and scored three eights and an 8.5. Dancing on Ice airs Sunday from 6:30pm on ITV.