During his new BBC show, Chris Packham was overcome with emotion as he read a moving letter from former BBC Radio 2 broadcaster Ken Bruce's non-verbal son, Murray. During the programme, the Countryfile presenter met up with Ken and Murray, 20, who has never spoken and communicates by typing on a tablet. After meeting the family, Chris asked Murray to come up with script ideas for his own film. While filming for Springwatch, Chris, who was diagnosed with Asperger's, took a moment to read his emails. As he read out the touching email from Murray, Chris admitted to shedding a tear. Chris began: "So I asked if you had all the world stage to speak for non-speaking autistic people, what would you say? "He's really listened to me. Take note as I am really speaking from my heart, I need you to please understand and open your minds." READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Chris paused for a moment before he continued: "Wow." The email went on: "Let me tell you what it was like for me before I could communicate through typing. "I was alone in my world of deep and troubled pining for a person to hear me. I would wonder if that day would ever come. "I was frustrated and pining for acknowledgement that I had thoughts and opinions and worries and no one could hear me." "It's enough to bring a tear to your eye, isn't it?" Chris added as he wiped his eyes. "I don't know whether it's some form of affinity for Murray but I find it incredibly touching and a bit sentimental. "I am not usually sentimental about such things." Viewers also took to social media following the episode to share their thoughts. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Neville Parker 'framed' by close colleague  [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [NEWS]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as Mandy Dingle star drops clue  [SPOILERS] Many admitted to shedding a few tears while watching it, with Audrey Rooney-Ellie writing: "Just wow for Chris Packham's - Inside Our Autistic Minds - had us in tears, had us helping us to understand our son better and had us talking about who he is." Rosemary Dun said: "Chris Packham's BBC2 programme on being autistic was just superb. I sobbed all the way through. So uplifting and stupendous. Do see." While Nick Portch added: "This was excellent, as expected when Chris Packham is involved. "Very moving and uplifting stories about two autistic people, Flo and Murray. Looking forward to the second episode." Ellie Green went on to point out: "The Chris Packham programme I’ve just watched on BBC2 about 2 young people with autism (one being Ken Bruce’s son Murray) should be shown in every school. "Their families must love him for how he helped them." Teresa tweeted: "What a wonderful programme and a real insight into Autism. You have a lovely strong family Ken and good luck to your Son with his studies x." (sic) Inside Our Autistic Minds is streaming on BBC iPlayer.