Russell Westbrook is set to join the Los Angeles Clippers and be reunited with former Oklahoma City Thunder teammate Paul George after being set to be bought out from his Utah Jazz contract. Westbrook was traded to the Jazz from the Los Angeles Lakers after a difficult end to his time with his boyhood team, after falling out with head coach Darvin Ham and reportedly being 'toxic' in the locker room alongside LeBron James, Anthony Davis and company. Westbrook had hoped to remain with the team, and reportedly being disappointed after his name was mentioned involved trade talks in a failed move for Kyrie Irving, who James was open about wanting the Lakers to pursue. Irving was ultimately traded to the Dallas Mavericks, with James voicing his displeasure. The following night, James broke the all-time scoring record, with Westbrook not looking happy to be a part of the team and did not celebrate after the historic moment while being away from the group. Earlier in the game, Westbrook's argument with Ham was reportedly said to be the last straw as he was traded days later. And after being acquired by the Jazz, who are not looking to have him as part of the team, they are set to cut him from his $47 million deal, freeing him up to join the rival LA Clippers to compete against the Lakers in a revenge move. ESPN's NBA insider Adrian Wojnarowski reported: "After finalizing a contract buyout with the Utah Jazz, nine-time All-Star guard Russell Westbrook plans to sign with the Los Angeles Clippers, his agent Jeff Schwartz tells ESPN." Westbrook and George spent two years together in Oklahoma City with the Thunder after Kevin Durant left the team to join the Golden State Warriors. Since then, it's been a rough road for Westbrook, who has been traded four times after disappointing spells with the Houston Rockets and Lakers, while impressing with the Washington Wizards.  The Lakers have been boosted since trading Westbrook away, bringing in former point guard D'Angelo Russell in his place who has been a good fit alongside James and Davis. The Clippers will now also be a contender, having George, Westbrook and two-time NBA finals MVP Kawhi Leonard, who is back to his best in recent weeks.