Vanessa, 60, confirmed she split from her partner of 16 years, Ben Ofoedu last week. The TalkTv host thought she would be with Ben until “death do us part” and was “discombobulated” after reports emerged he was leading a “double life”. Joining Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning, she admitted she wasn’t sleeping very well but wanted to look to the future. Phillip asked: “Has this been a sudden thing or was it a gradual ‘something’s not right here’?” “Both,” Vanessa quickly replied. “I think, and I bet most people would say the same thing. “A terrible shock but also a kind of gradual thing. Yeah I think that is often the case isn’t it. “It was kind of a mixture of the two really. You know, I don’t want to dwell on anything. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending “The details I do want to focus on are the future and I really want to focus on telling myself there is a future.” Holly chipped in: “Which of course there is, a very bright shiny one.” “I certainly hope so, I want there to be,” Vanessa commented. “I really want to gather all the love and all the people that you love and all the things that you love and places you love and spend time having a good time.” Referencing the This Morning phone-in, Phillip asked: “What are you doing today?” “Well, we’re doing a phone-in and it’s about broken hearts really,” Vanessa explained. “And I suppose, if I’m completely honest, I don’t know any other way to be, I would love it if people phoned in and told me how they got over it themselves.” Holly smiled: “Yes, help Vanessa today,” as her co-star continued: “Help me out! Am I allowed to say that? DON'T MISS...Vanessa Feltz in defiant swipe over Ben Ofoedu split amid time alone [LATEST]Vanessa Feltz's ex Ben Ofoedu breaks silence on split [INSIGHT]Vanessa Feltz assures fans she's ok and puts split behind her at party [UPDATE] “I’ll take honestly any advice I can get from anyone.” Heartbroken Vanessa said she felt humiliated by Ben, telling the hosts: “I think it helps when people say you shouldn’t feel foolish for having faith in your own partner. “You shouldn’t feel that you’ve done something stupid because you believed in somebody that you loved. That isn’t a ridiculous thing to do. “Like I said, I feel sad. I feel hurt. I feel terribly humiliated. “And lots of people have said you shouldn't, so I think that’s quite helpful. To believe in your own relationship isn’t stupid.” Vanessa went on to add she has “been through it before” and will not be consumed by her heartbreak. “It’s not like I'm a stranger to this stuff,” she said. “I’ve already had a horrible divorce, but I'm absolutely not going to let it grind me down.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.