Every penny saved or invested in an individual savings account (Isa) is shielded from income tax and capital gains tax (CGT) for life, making this a great way of building long-term wealth. Every adult gets their own Isa allowance, which is issued on a 'use-it-or-lose-it' basis. If you miss the annual deadline even by a second you have lost your allowance for good (although you do get another one from April 6). While most of us cannot afford to invest anywhere near £20,000, putting away something is always better than doing nothing. Using your Isa allowance is more important than ever this year. First, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is cutting the dividend tax allowance, the amount of income investors can earn each year from stocks and shares before they pay tax on it. From April 6 it is halved from £2,000 to just £1,000 a year, then halved again to just £500 from 2024. Yet all dividend income is tax free in a stocks and shares Isa. Hunt will also slash the CGT allowance from £12,300 to £6,000 on the same date, and will cut it again to £3,000 in April 2024. There is no CGT on stock market gains inside an Isa. They have even been suggestions that the Isa allowance could be cut, given savers another reason to take advantage of this year's tax break. Every year, millions put off their Isa decisions until the last minute. Now it’s time to act. There are two types of Isa: the cash Isa for low-risk bank deposits and the stocks and shares Isa, for investors happy to invest their money in the hope of generating higher returns. Many savers abandoned cash Isas years ago, because standard savings accounts pay more interest and the returns are usually tax-free, thanks to the personal savings allowance (PSA). This allows basic rate tax payers to earn £1,000 of interest each year free of income tax outside of an Isa, while higher rate tax payers can earn £500 interest tax free. When best buy savings accounts only paid around one percent, a 20 percent taxpayer could have £100,000 in savings before breaching the PSA and paying tax. Today, with savings accounts paying four percent, the same saver would breach the PSA with £25,000 of savings, or just £12,500 if a 40 percent taxpayer. Many are facing shock tax bills as a result. All the interest earned in a cash Isa is tax free, without any upper limit. The downside is that they pay slightly lower rates. So while Shawbrook Bank pays 3.06 percent on its standard easy access savings account, the same bank's cash Isa version pays 2.91 percent. Both are best buys. It is a similar story with fixed-rate bonds: SmartSave pays 4.21 percent for one year while the best buy one-year fixed-rate cash Isa from Barclays pays four percent. Similarly, RCI Bank’s five-year bond pays a fixed rate of 4.25 percent but leading Isa alternative from United Trust Bank pays only 3.95 percent. Cash Isas are less risky than investing in stocks and shares as the first £85,000 in your account is protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. READ MORE: Just six weeks to avoid Hunt’s inheritance and capital gains tax raid Yet the real value of your money will still be eroded by inflation, which stood at 10.1 percent in January. Investing in a stocks and shares Isa instead could deliver a superior return over the long run but with more risk along the way, said Darius McDermott, managing director of investment platform FundCalibre. Many will be ready to invest in shares again with the FTSE 100 recently hitting an all-time high, but McDermott suggested looking beyond the blue-chip index. “Following its strong recent run I see better value in smaller and medium-sized companies, which had a bad time last year.” He tips three funds for those who want to invest in UK companies small and large: SVM UK Opportunities, JOHCM UK Dynamic and IFSL Marlborough Multi-Cap Growth. For those who want access to other parts of the world, fund platform Bestinvest recommends Premier Miton US Opportunities, Audrey Global Emerging Market Opportunities and GuardCap Global Equity. Managing director Jason Hollands says: “To reduce the risks, only invest in a stocks and shares Isa as part of a balanced portfolio of savings and for a minimum of five or 10 years.”  Ultimately, the decision comes down to your own attitude to risk.