Virgil van Dijk has opened up on the shared sense of shock in the Liverpool dressing room after a difficult season so far. The Reds already know they are set to end the campaign without a trophy, nine months on from when they were close to winning an unprecedented quadruple. Jurgen Klopp's side face a fight to even qualify for the Champions League next season. They currently sit seventh in the Premier League table but do have two games in hand on most of the teams above them. They crashed out of the FA Cup early and suffered a humiliating 5-2 defeat to Real Madrid in the Champions League last-16 first leg in midweek. Liverpool were unable to bounce back in the way they would have wanted at Crystal Palace on Saturday. They put in another drab display and were only able to come away from Selhurst Park with a goalless draw. Van Dijk has not escaped criticism for his own performances in recent weeks. READ MORE: Man Utd coach McCarthy played role in Ferguson anger and handshake snub  But the Dutchman has called on the squad to rally together ahead of next weekend's crunch match against rivals Manchester United, with Wolves also visiting Anfield in midweek. He said: "It’s been not easy. It’s pretty obvious if you watch our games that everyone is trying their best. "As football players and as a football club you can always have a difficult situation and you shouldn’t forget that. It’s how you deal with it. "We are – with the last four or five years – spoilt with everything we’ve been going through. We have been winning all the trophies that were available. "We had a season last year that we were competing for all the trophies until the last day so to have this bumpy season so far is a shock for everyone. The only way to get through it is to fight together, need each other and that’s what it’s all about. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route  "Everyone was there when we won and everyone needs to be there now." Van Dijk believes the top four is not out of Liverpool's reach. However, he admits big improvement is needed to keep that target alive. The centre-back added: "We can make the Champions League but we need to step up. We now we have a chance with two home games and we need the fans, big performances and big results. "Having a dip is normal. Everyone wants to change overnight and that’s what we try to do but you need results and it’s never easy. But it’s not about the will because everyone has the will. "The only way out of it is to be positive and enjoy also being out there." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  