Canada has shot down an "unidentified object" that violated its airspace a day after the US shot down a similar unidentified high-altitude object over Alaska. The country's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced he ordered a US warplane to shoot down the unidentified object that was flying high over northern Canada. It is the third known flying object to violate Northern American airspace in the space of two weeks. The Canadian Prime Minister tweeted: "I ordered the take down of an unidentified object that violated Canadian airspace. @NORADCommand shot down the object over the Yukon. Canadian and U.S. aircraft were scrambled, and a U.S. F-22 successfully fired at the object." The flying object was detected at a high altitude over Canada shortly before Mr Trudeau’s tweet, the North American Aerospace Defense Command said. NORAD provided no additional information, such as when the object was discovered or what it is. Both American and Canadian jets participating in NORAD operations have been sent out, according to a spokesperson, Maj. Olivier Gallant. In a second tweet, Trudeau said: "I spoke with President Biden this afternoon. Canadian Forces will now recover and analyze the wreckage of the object. Thank you to NORAD for keeping the watch over North America."  The order comes after a suspected Chinese spy balloon flew through Canadian and American airspace for nearly a week before being shot down by US warplanes last Sunday. The United States military shot down a second object in Alaskan airspace on Friday, though authorities have not revealed what it was. According to US officials, the latest object was first detected on radar by the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD), which monitors and defends the skies over the United States and Canada, on the evening of Thursday, February 9th. It was "about the size of a small car," according to US Air Force Brigadier General Pat Ryder, and was travelling north-east at an altitude of about 40,000 feet. READ MORE: Canada's Trudeau orders US plane to shoot down 'unidentified object' US president Joe Biden was advised by the Pentagon to order the object to be shot down after an aircraft had a closer look at it. "Out of an abundance of caution," he agreed. Recovery efforts resumed on Saturday both off South Carolina and close to Deadhorse, Alaska, according to US Northern Command. The Northern Command said in a statement that there were no fresh details regarding the nature of the item. It stated that search and recovery efforts were being carried out by the Alaska Command, the Alaska National Guard, the FBI, and local law enforcement. The statement said:"Arctic weather conditions, including wind chill, snow, and limited daylight, are a factor in this operation, and personnel will adjust recovery operations to maintain safety. "Recovery activities are occurring on sea ice." The Coast Guard was providing security while the Navy resumed its survey and recovery operations off the coast of South Carolina. According to the statement, further debris was removed on Friday, and more activities will be carried out as long as the weather permits. DON'T MISS:China threatens to tip US into 'declaration of war' with risky balloon [REPORT]Djokovic makes last-ditch Indian Wells attempt for 'special permit' [REPORT]Joe Biden's 'stupid' billionaire tax branded 'dead on arrival' [REPORT]  "The high altitude balloon’s equipment was clearly for intelligence surveillance and inconsistent with the equipment onboard weather balloons," a US official from the Department of State said in a written statement. "It had multiple antennas to include an array likely capable of collecting and geo-locating communications. It was equipped with solar panels large enough to produce the requisite power to operate multiple active intelligence collection sensors." China has since condemned the shooting down of the balloon, which it said was a "unmanned civilian airship". The unidentified flying object shot down under Mr Trudeau's order is the third to have reportedly violated North American airspace during the previous two weeks. READ NEXT:Chelsea may be stuck with Aubameyang as LAFC fear he'll will snub moveBoy George and Culture Club announce one day only cinema eventChinese spy balloons have been collecting US data for 'several years''Really cool' city is world's safest holiday destination - full listHalf of Americans say they are worse off than last year