A paramedic was knocked unconscious by a woman he was trying to help after being called to an emergency. Vanessa Blakely, 25, was caught on bodycam footage as she violently attacked the emergency responder twice, leaving him with a broken eye socket, and broke the ribs of a student paramedic who was also there. Ms Blakely pleaded guilty at Swindon Magistrate’s Court to grievous bodily harm and assaulting an emergency worker from South Western Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust (SWASFT). Ms Blakely replied: "It's a threat, not a promise. Do you want me to make a promise because I happily will," before swinging a punch at Mr Brown. While a dog walker tried to intervene, she screamed: "Get the f*** off me," as he attempted to pull her away. She also kicked Callum, leaving him with broken ribs. The footage then jumps ahead, as the 25-year-old appears to be walking away, before abruptly turning and punching Mr Brown in the face, causing him to fall onto their emergency vehicle, knocking him unconscious. Nick was taken to hospital, where doctors told him he had a broken eye socket. Both emergency workers had been responding to a 999 call to assist Blakely on March 29, 2022., the Manchester Evening News reports. READ MORE: Parents fume at insane plan to release paedophiles [REVEAL] In a statement released through SWASFT, Mr Brown said: “When I woke up on the floor, I couldn’t quite believe what had happened. Nobody should be frightened to do their job, especially in a caring profession. Anyone that assaults an emergency worker should be ashamed of themselves. "Sadly, we are often verbally abused, but thankfully physical abuse is less common, though it still happens. Body-worn cameras go a long way to reduce that risk. “I hope this shocking footage and successful prosecution sends out a strong message that any assault, physical or verbal, will not be tolerated." Mr Brown also thanked SWASFT, the police and the Great Western Hospital for the support and care he has received following the attack, and highlighted the "calm decision making" of the student with him. He said: “I would also like to praise the actions of Callum. His rapid intervention and calm decision making, despite being injured himself, minimised the harm done.” DON'T MISS: Vicious nurse runs ex-boyfriend over in car park after drunken row [REVEAL]Vicious nurse runs ex-boyfriend over in car park after drunken row [INSIGHT]Grief-stricken family exhume relative from grave next to child killer [ANALYSIS] Mike Pavey, Crime and Violence Reduction Officer at SWASFT, said: "What happened to Nick and Callum is shocking and completely unacceptable. This was a vicious, unprovoked attack on a crew that was trying to help someone. "The role of our people is tough – physically, mentally, and emotionally – without the patients we are trying to help to assault us. "Please help us to help you and treat us with the dignity and respect we deserve."