Scott Mills stunned fans as he detailed his "doomed" holiday after planning a city break with his partner Sam Vaughan, whom he got engaged to in 2021. The broadcaster told listeners on Radio 2 "I've had quite the weekend", as he kicked off his show on Monday. He explained how things went wrong after he finished his show on Friday and went to set off for the airport from Wogan House, the home of the BBC in central London, in his electric car. He discovered that not only would the car not start, but he and Sam were locked inside and were unable to get out. The couple was stuck for five hours and missed their flight and their trip. They had previously rescheduled the break after Scott explained on air: "So I booked a city break to Amsterdam. READ MORE: Noel Gallagher labels Sam Smith ‘a f****** idiot’ in rant “Me and Sam... not seen each other that much lately. “We've both had a fair bit on, so I thought, ‘That'd be nice' and it was a rescheduled trip. "We were supposed to go a month or so ago but my mum wasn't too well so, rang up the hotel and they kindly said we could go this weekend instead, all good." He continued: "I said goodbye to you after The Wonder Years on Friday. “Me and Sam agreed to head to the airport in my electric car at 4pm, flight is at 8pm. “Get in the car, car doesn't start. In fact, nothing works. “So I go to get out of the car, I can't get out. Sam tries his door, nothing. "Also cannot leave the car." DONT MISS:Singer Kelis, 43, and her children 'almost fell off a cliff' (PHOTOS)Louise Minchin faces 'reality check' amid struggles after surgery (NEWS)Eamonn Holmes pushed by son as he's forced to use wheelchair (LATEST) Scott, who previously presented on BBC Radio 1 for 24 years, was quick to say the car was charged and had plenty of miles on it. "But it turns out there are two batteries," he told listeners. "One of them is to power the entire car. “So we are locked in the car outside Wogan House for five hours until the recovery people arrived and towed it away." Seeing the funny side, Scott's fiancé Sam said it would have been comical if they had been spotted by his colleagues. Scott continued: ”The back window was open when it died. “Couldn't close it. Sam managed to squeeze out so he could find a loo." And he added: "Missed the flight, didn't go." Scott thanked fans for their previous suggestions for things to do in Amsterdam, saying they had ended up back at home watching The Wheel. --