As tennis looks to its next generation bidding to make a breakthrough at the highest level, Sebastian Korda has certainly done his chances no harm. The world No 26 rose up the rankings after a brilliant run in the Australian Open in January. Korda is part of a new generation of American tennis players who have started making an impact on the sport’s biggest stages. The Florida native equalled his best ever performance at a Grand Slam and the desire to emulate his father Petr’s run to the title in 1998 nearly came to fruition. After beating two-time Aussie Open finalist Daniil Medvedev, the 22-year-old followed it up with a hard-fought victory over Poland’s Hubert Hurkacz to reach the quarter-final stage for the first time in his career. He needed five sets to get past Hurkacz, though, including a nail-biting final-set tiebreak in which he relied on some superstition. Korda's run in Melbourne, however, came to an unfortunate end after he was forced to retire against Karen Khachanov with a wrist injury. He was trailing 7-6, 6-3, 3-0 when he was forced to withdraw. Korda is a former junior champion at the Australian Open and won his first and, so far, only ATP title two years ago. He also came a point away from defeating Novak Djokovic - the eventual Aus Open winner - at the Adelaide International on January 8, demonstrating his ability to perform against the best. Incredibly, Korda comes from a family with a rich history in sport. As mentioned previously, his father Petr, was a tennis player who captured the Australian Slam 25 years ago. The 55-year-old enjoyed more success at Melbourne Park two years prior, winning the doubles title alongside six-time Major winner, Stefan Edberg. The Czech star reached a career high ranking of world No 2 and won a total of ten singles throughout his career. His mother, Regina Rajchrtova, also played professional tennis and reached a career high ranking of world No 26. Proving it's all in the genes, Seb's two sisters are professional golfers who currently on the women’s PGA Tour. Jessica, 29, claimed the Women’s Australian Open in 2012, while Nelly, 24, clinched the Women’s PGA Championship in 2021 and has been world No 1 on two separate occasions. In a recent interview with ITFWorld, Korda gushed: "I love answering questions about my family. My dad achieved something that everyone who picks up a racket dreams about. "My parents dedicated their lives to us. And without them, we wouldn’t have the opportunities we have and definitely wouldn’t have the success we have today as a family." Reaching the fourth round of a Grand Slam may not be seen as that big of a success in the Korda household due to their outstanding sporting achievements - something Sebastian is aware of as he made a light-hearted joke during his run Down Under. Korda quipped: "I love playing in Australia, as does my family. My dad won the Australian Open 25 years ago, and my sister won the Australian Open in women’s golf. "I don’t know what I’m going to be ranked, but my mum’s career high was 26, my dad was two, my sister Nelly was No 1, my elder sister Jessica was six - so I’m definitely the worst athlete in the family so far." Despite his modesty, Korda - coached by his father Petr and mentored by eight-time Grand Slam winner Andre Agassi - has won one ATP singles tournament, the 2021 Emilia-Romagna Open. With his junior Grand Slam title at the 2018 Australian Open already under his belt, the American has gone close on several occasions to transfer that form to the men's game. So far, he has reached the fourth round of the 2020 French Open and the fourth round of Wimbledon in 2021. Prior to the start of the 2023 season, he had reached four Tour finals finishing runner-up in three of those. His career prize earnings contribute to more than £2m ($2.5m) and, with the sponsorships and endorsements also chipping in, his net worth is estimated to be around £4m ($5m). Away from tennis, Korda has been dating Ivana Nedved, the daughter of the former Czech Republic and Juventus player Pavel Nedved. Pavel was a highly decorated footballer and was the Best European Player of the Year in 2003 winning the coveted Ballon d’Or.