Meghan Markle reportedly took "all the flak" after Prince Harry decided to exclude the press and the British public from the christening of baby Archie, a leading royal writer has claimed. In May 2019, the Sussexes chose to break with the tradition of welcoming photographers to the newborn’s christening and instead invited just 25 people to a private event in Windsor Castle. The news disappointed many royal fans, who have been used to seeing royal parents with their little one on the day of the christening. Majesty Magazine editor-in-chief Ingrid Seward is concerned it will put Meghan in a bad light with the public and other members of their family. Speaking at the time, Ms Seward told MailOnline: "I think this is quite Harry-led and it is putting Meghan in a very difficult position. "She's the one getting all the flak as a newcomer to the Royal Family. I assume Harry and Meghan don't know where they are going wrong and think the criticism is all so very unfair." While photographers were banned from the event in the private chapel at Windsor Castle, the couple released a handful of professional snaps taken by photographer Chris Allerton to commemorate the milestone a few hours after the ceremony.  "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are overjoyed to share the happiness of this day, and would like to thank everyone around the world for their ongoing support," reads a statement released in honour of the day. "They feel so fortunate to have enjoyed this special moment with family and Archie’s godparents.” Royal expert Roya Nikkah said at the time: "The move is in contrast to the decision by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to let cameras capture their children at their christenings, together with the arrivals of family members and godparents, before holding private services." READ MORE: Kate 'knows how to play the game' and Meghan didn't, says ex-butler The Waleses have chosen to keep the christenings of their three children open to photographs, including that of Prince Louis in 2018. A group photo from the christening featuring Meghan and Harry proudly showing off Archie with their family also caught the attention of royal fans who noticed William looked “sour” during the christening. Journalist Sara Celi tweeted: "Oh man, the look on Prince William’s face.... #BabyArchie." @pawseygirl took to Twitter and said: "I find it funny that Prince William is trying so hard not to smirk." "Wills does not look amused," noted @sarawilliams29. DON'T MISS:Kate 'extremely strategic and methodical as she undergoes rebrand [REPORT]Harry and Meghan's Netflix series 'not what they hoped' [REPORT]Meghan left 'feeling embarrassed' after more details of Harry's romp [REPORT] Due to a prior engagement, the Queen and Prince Philip were unable to attend the event. They also missed Prince Louis' christening earlier that year, but were present for George and Charlotte's. Following the brief service, the small group of guests is thought to have sat down for lunch. A Windsor source told People: "It was very, very low key. You wouldn’t have even known it was going on. It was all very well thought through." Archie was very well-behaved during the celebrations, the same source added, saying: "Archie was so sweet, so calm. The mood was joyful." READ NEXT:Meghan was treated differently as first black person 'royal C-suites'Prince Harry hints at return UK visit in passionate new messageHarry's upcoming event is 'hint' at what's next for SussexesCharles warned over four issues with latest rumoured Coronation planMeghan and Harry must be grilled over Samantha Markle claims