After launching what she calls her “life’s work”, Kate has acquired a number of supporters for her Shaping Us campaign, with Roman Kemp being the latest in a long list of famous faces. Other household names who have pledged support for the Princess’ initiative include presenters Fearne Cotton and Giovanna Fletcher along with reality star Zara McDermott and rapper Professor Green.  The project aims to raise awareness of early years research. Kate and Roman are expected to discuss the importance of mental wellbeing, relationships and the importance of nurturing children in their early years in order for society to build a nation of healthy, happy adults in a short film which will be released on Friday. The Capital FM host has been an avid advocate of mental health and has been candid about his past struggles. He has previously said his mental health struggles make him feel as if he's battling Mike Tyson “in a boxing ring and not had one boxing lesson”. READ MORE: Piers leaves Rishi floundering over Prince Harry's coronation invite  Speaking about his personal experiences, Roman explained: "I’ve had a lot of troubles of my own, I’ve dealt with suicidal thoughts, I’ve been on anti-depressants for 15 years of my life. “I feel that, sometimes, if my brain gets in a situation where it feels like it’s been beaten up by Mike Tyson, I feel like I’m in a boxing ring and not had one boxing lesson.” The Princess of Wales promoted her inspired campaign this week with a series of events and videos, describing it as a long-term project. She said it will go on to "explore in more depth the importance of a child's social and emotional world". It also aims to examine the significance of relationships as well as "surroundings and experiences". DON'T MISSPrince Harry has 'behaved like a bully' in pursuit of 'revenge' [INSIGHT]Prince William voiced concerns in unearthed clip [REVEAL]Charles could seem ‘weak’ if he agrees to Harry’s demands, expert say [UPDATE]  The royal mother of three also added: "And of course, by understanding our own childhoods - what has shaped our own beliefs, relationships, behaviours and feelings - we, as adults, are better placed to play our part in positively shaping future generations." In a video message at the launch of the campaign, the Princess said: “Our early childhood, the time from pregnancy to the age of five, fundamentally shapes the rest of our lives. “But as a society, we currently spend much more of our time and energy on later life. “Today the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood is launching a new campaign, Shaping Us, to raise awareness of the life-changing impact we can have when we build a supportive, nurturing world around children and those who care for them.”  