1923 has been a roaring success for the Yellowstone franchise with viewers gripped by the Western drama prequel. Episode six had a number of unexpected moments which took fans by surprise, so it's no wonder Paramount+ subscribers want to see more as soon as possible. Express.co.uk has all there is to know so far about watching 1923 episode seven. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from 1923. 1923 made its debut in the USA on Sunday, December 18, introducing fans to the world of Jacob (played by Harrison Ford) and Cara Dutton (Helen Mirren). The first few episodes aired every weekend in the same time slot before the drama took a month-long hiatus in January. Regular service has resumed and will continue until the series finishes. So American and Canadian fans can expect 1923 episode seven to be released on Sunday, February 19, at 3am ET (Eastern Time) on Paramount+. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star As always, it's a slightly different story for UK viewers as the same episode will be shown a day later. They will have to wait until Monday, February 20, at 8am GMT (Greenwich Mean Time) to see the episode released on Paramount+ UK. If you're not a Paramount+ subscriber and still want to watch the drama then there is an alternative way of catching up. 1923 has now started airing on Channel 5 with the first episode coming out on Thursday, February 9, at 10pm with the rest of the series released weekly. Episode six both saw a tragic end to one character as well as a surprising last-minute wedding. Teonna Rainwater (Aminah Nieves) went on the run with lawmen on the hunt, going to her grandmother's house for information. She didn't have a clue where Teonna was but they didn't believe her so started trashing her home. Her grandmother tried to stop them but one of the men shoved the elderly woman, who hit her head against the stove and died. The lawmen came up with a story to cover up her murder as they continued their mission to find Teonna. DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [REACTION]1923’s Timothy Dalton exposes ‘nightmare’ filming [FILMING]1923's Brandon Sklenar drops worrying Spencer Dutton death hint [CAST] Elsewhere, Spencer Dutton (Brandon Sklenar) and Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer) survived the trauma of the tugboat but the captain warns that she would have a difficult time going through the US border. This is when Spencer suggests that they get married before arrival to ensure both of their safe arrival into America. They get hitched in the captain's quarters with him giving Alexandra his dead wife's ring as a gift. Alexandra declares her love for Spencer in a heartwarming moment at the end of the episode. After episode seven comes out, there is just one more instalment left to enjoy. But fear not, as Paramount+ has already confirmed that there is more to come. There will be a second season of 1923 which is expected to come out sometime next year. 1923 continues every Sunday on Paramount+ in the USA and every Thursday at 9pm on Channel 5 in the UK.