Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly may get the chance to gift Limitless Win contestants Tracey-Jane and Troy Beaumont more than £1million in prize money this weekend. The gameshow that promises an endless prize pot may have to prove this guarantee this Saturday as the mother and son will be on course to win Britain’s record telly cash prize. The previous highest amount won on the ITV quiz show was £500,000. However, Tracey-Jane and Troy may smash this record if they successfully bank the money as reported by the Mirror. The mother-and-son duo will climb to the highest ever position on the show’s money ladder. With over £1million at steak, the pressure couldn’t be hire for the pair. Read more: Bruno Tonioli ‘told off’ after causing havoc on BGT In the tense end to the second series, Ant and Dec will watch on as the contestants try to become millionaires. Describing the moment, Dec said: “We got very giddy as we’ve never been that far up the ladder before. “The excitement and atmosphere in the studio was electric.” “It’s one hell of a watch and you should all tune in to see exactly what happens,” Ant told the Mirror. In Saturday’s show, the Doctor Who fans get a good luck message from David Tennant. The 58-year-old mum and 23-year-old son hoped to win another money for a holiday to America. Tracey-Jane and Troy admit they’re best friends as well as mother and son. “We’re basically the same person apart from age and gender,” Troy says. DON'T MISSAnt and Dec land huge ITV deal as they celebrate 'exciting' milestone [INSIGHT]I'm A Celeb winner Phil Tufnell breaks silence on All Stars rumours [INTERVIEW]Ant and Dec share first details of I’m A Celebrity South Africa series [VIDEO] “We love living together,” Tracey-Jane added to Ant and Dec. So far the series has seen several duos take home huge sums of money. Best friends Conall and Michael from Belfast won £150,000 after their time with the money ladder. A married couple from London Crish and Karthy went home with £100,000 while Jenny and Clive from Leeds left the game with nothing. The quiz show involves contestants answering numerical questions but the players must not answer with a number highly than the correct answer. Contestants lose lives if they answer a number lower than the correct answer and the teams can only bank money with each correct answer. Ahead of the first series’ launch, Ant explained: “What makes our show different is, it’s the world’s first limitless jackpot. That’s the selling point for us and that’s what hooked us in, the fact that there’s no top prize.” Ant and Dec’s Limitless Win continues on ITV on Saturday at 8.30pm.