Prince Andrew is reportedly fearful of being evicted from his £30 million mansion if King Charles III cuts his royal allowance. The Duke of York has lived in the Royal Lodge on the Windsor estate for almost 20 years, but do you think he should be forced to move elsewhere? Vote in our poll.  Andrew has shared the 30-bedroom Royal Lodge with his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson since 2004, raising their two daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, at the property. He signed a 75-year lease on the former home of the Queen Mother in 2003, and has spent his own money repairing and renovating the property. The Duke of York stepped down as a working royal in 2019 and has since been relying on his annual £249,000 allowance, yet this is expected to be cut in April, meaning he would be dependent on his Navy pension and inheritance from the late Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip. This means he could struggle to afford the upkeep and running costs of the Royal Lodge and reportedly could be “out by September”. A source told The Sun: “Andrew and Sarah are distraught they have been given such short notice. The Queen died only a few months ago. He’s not being explicitly kicked out but it’s expected that he won’t be able to afford the maintenance.” READ MORE: Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home Speaking to the Mirror, friends of Andrew have claimed there is “no chance” he will be moving from the Royal Lodge. One source said: “He [said] he's not leaving, there is no chance that will happen and even if the King wanted him how would that work? The King won’t evict him so there is no chance it will come to that. If he [the King] wants to spend millions reimbursing him for the money he’s already spent on the property, that’s another matter.” Another source said: “Could you imagine a situation where the Duke threatens to sue his brother, the King, over money. It would be unthinkable.” Meanwhile, The Telegraph reported a source claiming that the King will not leave his brother “homeless or penniless”. So what do YOU think? Should Andrew be evicted from the Windsor estate? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.