A savvy mum has shared how you can bag a meal for two from Marks and Spencer for under £3. Marks and Spencer is known for selling groceries at a higher price than other supermarkets, prompting many shoppers to avoid the store like the plague.    However, TikTok content creator Lucy Brown has shown you can shop cheaply at the supermarket. Lucy, who often posts content with her husband Mark, aka Right Guys Reviews, was given the challenge of finding a meal for two in the supermarket for £3, reports The Mirror. She looked visibly shocked at the challenge, but she managed to put together a nutritious meal for under £3. First, she picked up a packet of Oakham Gold Chicken Leg Portions for £1.20, which is 600g. To add to that, Lucy found a packet of White Potatoes for £1, a 400g bag of carrots for 40p and a brown onion for 25p. All that adds up to £2.85, which is a "bargain" as well as "healthy," said Mark.  At home, Lucy admitted that she was going to add some chicken gravy granules, chicken seasoning and butter, which most people have at home anyway. Mark added: "Kitchen staples everyone has in the cupboard." For the meal itself, you could make roast potatoes, mashed potato or any other way you like. Lucy decided to boil them with the skin on and then put them in the air fryer to "brown them off a bit". For the carrots, Lucy peeled them, head and tailed them, then put them in a pan of boiling water. Once they were soft she mashed them up with a bit of butter. She then put the chicken, with salt and seasoning on it, in the air fryer with the onion, which then also leaves a juice which can be used to make gravy. People in the comment section were impressed by the meal they had managed to put together. One person said: "Marks and Spencer is actually cheaper than what people think." Another agreed: "M and S can be really reasonable, totally depends what you get." "I do my monthly food shops in M and S, works out a lot cheaper than Aldi these days and tastes way nicer," said a third.