Jurgen Klopp believes Manchester United attacker Marcus Rashford is the 'best example' on how quickly things can turn around for talented players in a message to his underperforming Liverpool stars. It's been a frustrating season for Liverpool after coming agonisingly close to a quadruple just a few months ago. Missing out on the Premier League title on the final day of last season and losing in the Champions League final appears to have had a knock-on effect to Liverpool's squad that they haven't rebounded from. Usual star performers such as Virgil van Dijk, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Mohamed Salah have all failed to reach their usual heights while injuries have also cost them across the pitch. Klopp doesn't appear worried about the long dip in form from his crop of Liverpool stars, but insists it is up to the individual to ultimately turn things around. And the Liverpool manager named Rashford as the example to follow with the England international in superb form over the past few weeks. "It's just something you have to deal with," Klopp said. "It's not that difficult. Of course, some players didn't exactly reach the level they reached for us consistently over five or six years or whatever.  "That's not unusual, it happens to other players as well. I think one of the best examples ever is Marcus Rashford. The season he had last year and the season he has this year, I'm not sure he can really explain it. "Of course, Erik ten Hag coming in and new boys - all these kind of things. But it's not like Marcus didn't want to deliver last year for example and now he's flying.  "That's how it goes but the time in between these two extremes you have to use and oyu have to work through and fight through it. Self pityness is not allowed in these moments... the only person who can change it is yourself. "These kind of things can happen, will happen in the future. But it's about to limit the time and to get back on track and the team can help with that." Rashford came in for heavy criticism last season has he struggled to find any form and was in and out of the starting line-up. But he's now seen as United's main attacking threat following Ten Hag's arrival last summer and the forward has rediscovered his best form of late. He's scored 10 goals while providing five assists in his last 12 matches and is a key reason why United are up fighting for a top-four spot at the moment.