Joanna Lumley, 76, was pictured grinning from ear to ear after she was made a Dame by Princess Anne, 72, on July 15 last year. However, she has now revealed the experience left her feeling very “overwhelmed”, as she struggled to speak to the late Queen Elizabeth II’s daughter. Speaking in Good Housekeeping’s April 2023 issue, Dame Joanna lifted the lid on the reality of her experience at Windsor Castle. Joanna received the honour for her services to drama, entertainment and charitable causes. The Wolf of Wall Street actress, who is a vocal royalist, was comforted by Princess Anne after the occasion became too much for her. Joanna felt she had to apologise to the royal after getting emotional in her presence. READ MORE... Martin Lewis gushes about special anniversary for 'baby' She recalled: “I was met by Princess Anne [at the ceremony], but sadly I was so overwhelmed with emotion that I could barely speak. “I apologised and she said: ‘Don’t worry, you have a lovely brim on your hat.’ “She kept on talking before I curtseyed and went out into the Picture Gallery.” Joanna was so caught up in emotion that she instantly started crying when she reunited with her husband, Stephen Barlow, after meeting Princess Anne. The activist and Absolutely Fabulous star admitted: “Stevie was there waiting and I just burst into tears.” Despite her emotional outburst, the TV and movie star looked immaculate for the ceremony, in a bright pink ensemble. Joanna stunned in a vibrant pink coat dress by Laura Green London. She paired the outfit with an asymmetric hat, which made an impression on Princess Anne, decorated with matching curls and feathers. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Paxman attends A&E three times in 24 hours after 'chair attack'Adil Ray sparks backlash over defence of Shamima BegumThe Chase's Mark Labbett 'saddened' by controversial quiz decision Joanna styled her famous blonde locks straight and enhanced her natural beauty with smokey eyeshadow.  She completed the look with pink lipstick and accessorised with cream court shoes.  Dame Joanna also opened up on her marriage while speaking to the publication.  The star met her other half when she was 31, and never felt the desire to settle down before he came into her life. Stephen, 68, is an English conductor, who studied as an Organ scholar at Cambridge University.  Joanna divulged: “The truth is, if I wasn’t married to Stevie, I wouldn’t be married.  “I’ve always loved men, but I never thought: ‘Oh, I want to settle down.’ It simply didn’t cross my mind.  “But there was something different about him; I was drawn to his whole mindset – and his knowledge of music.”  The April 2023 issue of Good Housekeeping is now on sale.