No amount of skincare or beauty products can reverse signs of ageing when it comes to your body, in particular, your posture. However, according to Anisha Joshi, there are other ways to remedy the effects of years slouched over a desk. She exclusively explained that whether you have a slumped back or discomfort in your shoulders, there is one health-boosting fix that anyone can try - and it's completely free. Anisha qualified as an Osteopath 12 years ago and has since won Principal Osteopath of the Year. Her client list is filled with professional athletes as well as A-list celebrities. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she said: "As we get older our bodies adapt to our lifestyle and daily habits. Posture is impacted by many things as we age and these vary from sitting at a desk for long periods of time to developing a condition like osteoarthritis in the spine. "These changes may cause our bodies to naturally go into positions it feels most comfortable in. "For example, this can involve more upright positions or positions that mean you are slumped forwards." READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range  While there is a belief that "poor posture" stems from when you "slump or slouch forwards" in a relaxed position with rounded shoulders, and "good posture" is a tall, upright back, Anisha explained that this is not always the case. She said: "These presumptions seem to have been developed through generations of social desirability and aesthetics. The more you stood up straight with your back, the higher the class you were from. "Having a spine that is stooped over is also often associated with older people who suffer from spinal conditions that can cause this to happen. "Sitting or standing up straight is therefore associated with looking younger and having a younger spine." DON'T MISS... Make-up artist shares concealer technique to look younger [REVEAL]Women embracing grey hair 'can look more youthful' [INSIGHT]Age-defying 72-year-old shares her ‘strange’ tea [PICTURES] Typically, poor posture is associated with shoulder and neck positioning and according to Anisha, should be the first places to treat if you want to look more youthful. The award-winning osteopath explained with tight chest muscles, your shoulders may drop forwards and give you an anterior neck posture. She added: "This slouched look may be associated with looking older than you are. "If you want your spine and posture to make you look younger then doing strengthening exercises to help bring your shoulders back, strengthening your core will enable you to sit up straight." READ MORE: Best frying pans for 2023 - non-stick, cast iron and for pancakes Specific exercises recommended by Anisha include shoulder retractions and wall angles. This involves putting your hands behind your back and drawing your shoulders backwards and down. Start by placing your back against a wall and putting your head back straight. Put your arms against the wall and move them up and down into a straight and then bent position. Incorporating targeted exercises into your daily routine is the most effective home remedy for better posture, though other simple movements can also help. Anisha told Express.co.uk: "It’s also important to note that any sitting or standing positions that involve movement and shifting the way you’re sitting or standing will be good for you and your spine. "By constantly shifting or getting up to make a cup of tea you will be engaging these muscles and reducing the likelihood of pain and discomfort. "However sitting up with a straight back is also going to lead to pain and discomfort if you stay in that position for a long period of time." 