Samsung's shiny new Galaxy S23 series may have just been announced but these latest devices have already been beaten by another Android rival. Chinese tech firm Realme, has just confirmed the launch of a device which will be perfect for anyone who constantly finds their phone has run out of juice. That's because its new GT Neo 5 comes packed with rapid 240W charging which basically means you can go from 0 to 20 percent in 80 seconds and have it filled to 50 percent in just four minutes. Even taking things from zero to the max only takes 10 minutes. That's ludicrously fast and makes the new Galaxy S23 series look embarrassingly slow. In fact, Samsung hasn't updated things from last year's models which means its new devices can only be charged at a maximum of 45W - that's around four times slower than this latest Realme tech. To get those speeds owners also need to splash out on a £40 charger from Samsung's store as the firm no longer supplies a plug in the box. Want to know more about Samsung's latest devices? Read our full Galaxy S23 Ultra review. Along with its rapid charging, the new GT Neo 5 also gets an impressive 6.74-inch OLED screen with speedy 144Hz refresh rate and there's the 2022 Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 processor tucked under the hood. That brain isn't as powerful as the 8 Gen 2 - which is now features inside the Galaxy S23 series - but it's a very capable chip that offers plenty of performance. On the rear of the Neo 5 is a triple camera system and some colour-changing LED lights glow when you receive notifications such as texts, emails and calls. Sound impressive? Sadly, the GT Neo 5 is currently only available in China but more news on a global launch is expected to be announced during Mobile World Congress (MWC) later this month. This yearly show is where many manufacturers such as Nokia, Xiaomi and OnePlus reveal their ideas and new products for the year ahead. We'll have to wait and see if Realme is ready to unleash 240W charging on the rest of the world but watch this space for me details. Express.co.uk will be heading to Barcelona for MWC and will be bringing you all the news live from the show floor.