While living costs remain high, easy access savings accounts are proving savers with the flexibility needed to dip into savings easily for support. Market analysis suggests average interest rates are increasing nearly month-on-month, making it key for people to an eye on the market to ensure they’re investing in the account offering the highest returns. Commenting on current market trends, Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said savings rates have risen across the market month-on-month, showing positive signs of provider competition. She continued: “The consecutive Bank of England Base Rate rises, coupled with competition among challenger banks, has led to both the average easy access and notice rates hitting their highest levels in more than 14 years. The number of accounts overall for savers has also grown, seeing its biggest month-on-month rise since March 2022 and choice now rests at the highest count since November 2022.” Ms Springall added: “These are all encouraging signs for the months ahead, particularly as we edge closer to a new tax year.” Easy access accounts are typically more flexible, as these allow savers to make payments and withdrawals with minimal restrictions and with small opening deposit requirements. READ MORE: Bank 'shakes up' market with leading interest rate on savings account  But, while there are no accounts currently offering an interest rate that beats the UK’s staggering 10.1 percent inflation rate, some are offering particularly competitive rates. Money comparison site Moneyfacts has pulled together the top 10 available right now. Top 10 easy access savings accounts Ranking top of the list is Yorkshire Building Society’s Rainy Day Account (Issue 2) with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 3.35 percent. This account offers a competitive, two-tiered variable interest rate and savers can get started with as little as £1. The 3.35 percent rate is applied to balances up to £5,000, while a 2.85 percent rate is applied to balances over £5,000.01. Withdrawals are permitted on two days per year based on the anniversary of account opening, plus closure at any time. DON'T MISS: The little-known technique that can slash your energy bills [INSIGHT]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]Money expert's most common mistakes she sees people make with finances [EXPLAINED]  Placing second is Paragon Bank’s Triple Access Account (Issue 11) with an AER of 3.10 percent. The account can be opened with £1, interest is paid on the anniversary, and up to three withdrawals are permitted without facing a penalty. If four or more withdrawals take place, interest will drop to 0.75 percent until the day before the anniversary of the account holder’s opening deposit. In third place is Shawbrook Bank’s Easy Access Account (Issue 33), with an AER of 3.06 percent. A minimum deposit of £1,000 is required to open the account and up to £85,000 can be invested. Interest is calculated daily and paid on the anniversary of the first deposit either monthly or annually. However, interest will drop slightly to 3.02 percent for those who opt for monthly payments. There are no limitations on the number of withdrawals and these can be made without notice, however the minimum amount that can be withdrawn is £500. READ MORE: State pension age change means Britons must ‘act now’  Chip’s Instant Access Account places fourth with an AER of 3.05 percent. The account can be opened online with just £1 and up to £250,000 can be invested. Instant withdrawals are permitted and interest can be paid away or compounded. Placing fifth is Sainsbury's Bank’s Defined Access Saver (Issue 39) places fifth after boosting the AER to 3.05 percent. The account can be opened with just £1 and interest is paid on the anniversary at a tiered rate depending on the balance. A 1.05 percent rate is applied to balances up to £999, while 3.05 percent is applied to figures between £1,000 and £500,000. A 0.9 percent rate is applied to any balance over this. However, if more than four withdrawals are made in a 12-month period, the interest rate will reduce to 0.8 percent until the 12-month period has ended. Chase Bank’s Saver Account places sixth with an AER of three percent. There is no minimum deposit to open the account and interest is calculated daily and awarded to accounts monthly. Unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. Chase bank accounts also offer a number of additional benefits, including a one percent cashback on everyday debit card spending for the first 12 months and five percent interest on round-ups. Customers can also enjoy zero fees on transactions abroad, as well as in-app card control to freeze spending as and when. Gatehouse Bank’s Easy Access Account places seventh, also with an AER of three percent. The account can be opened with £1 and up to £1million can be invested overall. The account operates under Shariah principles, which means that profit is gained instead of interest. Savers have access to their online account at all times and can easily withdraw all or part of their funds to any nominated account without facing a penalty. In eighth place is HSBC’s Online Bonus Saver with an AER of three percent. Interest is calculated daily and applied to the balance monthly. The three percent rate is awarded on up to £10,000 of the balance every month a withdrawal is not made, while 1.4 percent will apply to figures over £10,000. While this is an easy access account, meaning savings can be withdrawn, it isn’t flexible and on the occasion that a withdrawal is made, a 0.9 percent standard rate will be applied to that month instead. Placing ninth is Harpenden BS’s Triple Access Savings Account with an AER of three percent.  The account can be opening with a minimum deposit of £100 and interest is calculated daily and applied annually on December 31. Initially, the interest rate on the account will be the lower rate or 1.6 percent. However if three or fewer withdrawals are made during the calendar year, the interest rate applied to the account in December will be the higher rate of three percent instead. From Jnauary 1, interest rates and withdrawals reset. Finally, in tenth place is Monmouthshire Building Society’s Premium Instant Access account, also with an AER of three percent. This account requires a minimum of £25,000 to open and interest is calculated daily and applied to the balance annually on March 31. Free and unlimited withdrawals are permitted, however, if the account falls below the minimum balance of £25,000, a variable rate of 0.05 percent AER will be applied until the account returns to the minimum balance. 