Danni Menzies, 32, sported a loud pink dress with flared sleeves during a Corfu-based A Place in the Sun episode. Channel 4 viewers were quick to give their views on the interesting outfit choice, with one harshly comparing it to a "toilet roll doll." The eye-catching dress made an appearance as Danni showed couple Karen and Jerry around the Greek island in the hope of stumbling across their dream holiday home. Danni tracked down five potential properties to show the couple around, trying to meet their requirements with their £80,000 budget. However, fans were distracted from the pair's house hunt by Danni's ruffled dress, and took to social media to share their opinions. Twitter user @ruthbal83630806 wrote: "#aplaceinthesun so refreshing to see a couple want a property in a place that they actually know!!! Not sure about Danni's dress, however... looks like one those dolls that covers a bog roll." READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit @Samanth22356123 penned: "Not sure on Danni’s dress choice today! #APlaceInTheSun." @GavinEvs asked: "What the hell is Danni wearing? #aplaceinthesun." Stevie UK shared: "Jesus! That’s some frock Danni." @AuntiePegg added: "That dress. Reminds me of a car wash brush. #aplaceinthesun." The unexpected talking point seemed to divide opinion though, because others disagreed and instead complimented the outfit. @shedsue remarked: "Danni's dress is both amazing and great. Orange and pink and frills and the jolliest presenter. Go Danni. Corfu looks nice too #aplaceinthesun." "Is it just me (and Danni) that likes the toilet holder aka negligee dress? #aplaceinthesun," asked @Flipping_Nora. Speaking to Express.co.uk last year, Danni addressed the reaction she receives from A Place in the Sun fans about her outfit choices. DON'T MISS... Emily Atack breaks down sharing social media harassment with mum [LATEST]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Alison’s role in Tommy's ending [THEORY]BBC Breakfast host shut down as co-star insists 'don't need you' [VIDEO] She hit back at fans who criticise her wardrobe choices and argued: "It's your body, [you should] do what you want with it!" Explaining how she sometimes feels the need to put some fans "in their place". She admitted: "When they've made a really silly comment and you manage to sort of shut them down, it makes you feel a little bit better." Danni also revealed she had "absolutely" experienced sexist remarks from members of the public. On one occasion, she deliberately donned a pair of boots that Instagram users had dubbed "hooker shoes" for a second time on a subsequent show, to prove a point. "I think when people say, 'she was asking for it because of what she was wearing', I think that's absolutely insane," she continued. Elsewhere, fans tuned in on Tuesday also discussed the properties on offer, with one of the choices not appearing to have any windows. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays from 3pm on Channel 4.