I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! star Brian Paddick announced the death of his husband Petter Belsvik on Monday. The Liberal Democrat spokesman married the civil engineer 14 years ago. Petter Belsvik was "found peacefully alone, with no cause of death immediately apparent" in his Norway home. Over the weekend Petter shared pictures on his social media account from Oslo after he posted photos from his trip to South Africa earlier this month. His final Instagram post comes just days after Brian announced the heartbreaking news. Petter shared a snap of the snow-covered trees, writing: "Brutalist snow." READ MORE: Brooke on 'hardest thing she's ever had to do' after dog's death On February 14, he shared a selfie in the sunshine while sporting sunglasses, writing "glorious". Petter's last public picture with his husband Brian came in October 2022, as the former politician shared a snap of himself and Petter posing in front of a helicopter outside Hilo International Airport. "The Sun newspaper published a headline when I appeared naked on a reality tv show," Brain captioned the shot 21 weeks ago. "So here’s a re-run of ‘The Copper with the Chopper’!" Brian, 64, took to Twitter to share the sad news, writing: "My beautiful, loving husband, Petter Belsvik, has died suddenly at our home in Oslo. He was found peacefully alone, with no cause of death immediately apparent. "It will take some time to establish what happened. We were devoted to each other & I am devastated." Brian’s followers took to the comments section to send messages of support. Emily Maitlis wrote: “Dear Brian - utterly heartbreaking. So so sorry to read this.” Shelagh Fogarty penned: “Brian I’m so sorry to hear this. Sending love and sympathy.” “Sending love,” added Labour MP Jess Phillips. Lord Bethell commented: “How horrible! I am so sorry. Lots of prayers and good vibes to you.” Kay Burley added: “My dear Brian, this is truly tragic news. All my thoughts are with you. Stay strong xxx.” (sic) While Peter Tatchell wrote: “Sincere condolences dear Brian. I am so sad to hear this. My heart and thoughts are with you. Love and affection, Peter Tatchell.” Loose Women’s Charlene White wrote: “Oh my goodness Brian, I’m so so sorry … sending you and the family my love xx.” (sic) Brian was a contestant on the eighth series of ITV reality show I’m A Celebrity back in 2008. He married his late husband Petter in 2009 in Norway, five years before same-sex marriage was legalised in England and Wales. As well as being a Liberal Democrat peer, Brian was also the Deputy Assistant Commissioner in London's Metropolitan Police Service until his retirement in 2007.