Rafael Nadal has officially pulled out of next month's BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells as he continues to recover from a devastating hip injury. After the tournament, which kicks off on March 8, the Spaniard is likely to drop out of the world's top 10 for the first time since 2005. Nadal was struck down with injury at the Australian Open earlier this year, hobbling to a disappointing straight-sets defeat in the second round against American underdog Mackenzie McDonald. The 36-year-old has not stepped onto a competitive court since. At the time, the diagonisis revealed that the muscle issue would keep him out for between six and eight weeks, which was always set to make Indian Wells a stretch. Fans feared the worst when Nadal pulled out of an exhibition match against exciting countryman Carlos Alcaraz in Las Vegas on March 5, explaining: "The timing of my recovery doesn’t make it possible to be there ready to play. I am sure that we will find another date to celebrate this event and have fun." DON'T MISS: Becker backs Nadal and details Djokovic's view on French Open   Nadal's withdrawal from the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells was confirmed on Tuesday, with tournament director Tommy Haas saying: "We wish Rafa continued healing, and hope to see him back at the BNP Paribas Open next year." Missing the tournament is likely to end Nadal's record-breaking streak in the world's top 10. The 22-time Grand Slam winner, who is creeping further into the twilight of his career, has occupied one of the spots since he was a teenager, illustrating his long-term status as one of the world's finest players.  Indian Wells is often referred to as the 'fifth Grand Slam' and remains one of the best-attended tennis tournaments outside of the four majors. Nadal fought through a fractured rib to reach last year's final before losing to American Taylor Fritz. Nadal has enjoyed previous success in California, which hosts the first Masters 1000 tournament of the year, with titles in 2007, 2009 and 2013. It is now up in the air whether the veteran star will push to play the Miami Open in late March or wait until the clay season begins in April.  "The next major is Roland-Garros where, in my eyes, the favourite still is Rafael Nadal," former tennis star Boris Becker told Eurosport. "But Novak [Djokovic] is on his heels. So let’s see what these two great champions will deliver for us." Nadal has won the French Open, which starts on May 28, on a staggering 14 prior occasions, including last year when he trounced Casper Ruud in a one-sided final.