The fact it has just taken 105 days for Rishi Sunak to reach for a reshuffle should be concerning for his supporters. Of course, he could not avoid having a mini one eventually because it will have taken him nine days to replace his sacked chairman Nadhim Zahawi. But the briefings suggest Mr Sunak is looking for a more far-reaching reshuffle is a sign - or rather confirmation - that all is not well. It is perhaps no coincidence it is happening as both his immediate predecessors are making life distinctly uncomfortable for him in Downing Street. Tory MPs are already suggesting the Liz Truss re-emergence, far sooner than most people expected, is linked to the Boris Johnson worldwide comeback tour with stop-offs in the Carlton Club for his portrait, Egypt for COP27, the World Economic Forum in Switzerland and old pals in the US. It's normal for ex-Prime Ministers to have a period of dignified silence to allow their successors to get on with the job. Johnson and Truss clearly haven't bothered to read that script. Instead they are both prowling his premiership with a carnivorous gleam to their political eyes. Ms Truss, in particular, appears to be out for a mixture of revenge, catharsis, and self-justification for the coup which deposed her after a mere 49 days, Her 4,000-word article for the Telegraph represented around 81 words for every day she was Prime Minister, but she clearly has a lot more to say not least on her mission for low taxes and economic growth. And the point is for all the establishment sneering from BBC pundits and the like, Ms Truss is secure in her criticism because it is shared by a significant proportion of Tory MPs and a majority of Conservative members - like the majority who voted for her over the summer and didn't get a chance to vote for a leader once she was deposed. While she attacks on the economic flank of his tax raising government, Mr Johnson attacks on foreign policy and a dove-like reluctance to help Ukraine sufficiently. The momentum is gathering for another attempted coup in May and Mr Sunak - described as the "submarine Prime Minister" by Boris ally Nadine Dorries - needs to get out of the bunker and reassert his authority. The question is what will he do with the reshuffle? If he has any sense, Sunak will bring in critics to the top table and the ministerial team. That said, it seems unlikely tonight the push for another Boris ally Priti Patel to be party chairman and heal the rift between the leadership and the grassroots does not seem to have been heeded in Downing Street. A source close to Ms Patel suggested that Sunak "fears her" because she "is grassroots first", as underlined by her fronting the Conservative Democratic Organisation (CDO) to take back control of the party for members. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak plots major reshuffle tomorrow as Raab under pressure The source added Sunak is "deeply insecure" which is rather demonstrated by the number of U-turns he has performed already to avoid rebellions on things like wind energy and planning. However, there are others to choose from especially if he is creating new jobs in the cabinet. The suggestion that the Business, Enterprise and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) department is about to get broken up into three offers a glimpse of how he plans to do this. He may also move others out. But would critics like Jacob Rees-Mogg, Sir Jake Berry (who some believed should have remained as chairman after Truss' departure) and others unceremoniously dumped after the coup last year be willing to serve even if Sunak wants them? The answer on both sides seems likely to be a "no". As one former minister put it: "Tomorrow will all be about paying back those he promised jobs to." DON'T MISS Speculation Boris could switch London constituency for new safe seat [REVEAL] Even Inspector Clouseau would see what Pink Panther fan Boris is up to [INSIGHT] POLL – Do you support Liz Truss making a political comeback? [REACT] So the belief is that Mr Sunak will do what all weakened leaders do and appoint those politically closest to him and who are already allies. Certainly, for a party chairman in charge of the election machine and candidates, he would quite reasonably want someone who thinks like he does. It won't wash with members. One activist said: "The party members want an elected chair by the party, for the party and not an unelected stooge of an unelected PM."  The other question is whether he stands by Justice Secretary Dominic Raab who is currently beset with bullying allegations. To sack someone for the sins of - checks notes - throwing tomatoes on to a table or being rude to Remainer activist Gina Miller may again look a little weak. Already, Mr Sunak has a problem with an agrieved Mr Zahawi on the backbenches apparently "bent on revenge" and wiling to help Mr Johnson. He maybe does not want to add a disgruntled Mr Raab into that mix. But if it turns out to be genuinely serious then Mr Sunak will not want have a second reshuffle in a few weeks to fill a Raab sized hole. The fact this reshuffle is taking place at all is a sign of a government under stress and not secure of itself. Whether what is expected to happen tomorrow will be enough to steady the Sunak government will be a moot point. But if the 20 plus poll lead Labour has over the Toris does not close soon and the local elections are another catastrophe then it may be the resident of Number 10 who Tory MPs are looking to reshuffle. 