Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have united both sides of the US political spectrum with their "cringeworthy" and "unsympathetic" behaviour, according to one journalist. The comments come after a scathing caricature of the couple featured on the American hit TV show South Park. "There was a moment where it seemed like Harry and Meghan were going to be the latest thing that Americans polarise over, where all conservatives were critical of them so all liberals have to embrace them, but now they are so cringeworthy and so unsympathetic in a fundamental way that they are of no use to anyone but their overpaid publicists," opined senior writer at the National Review Michael Brendan Dougherty. Dougherty was part of a panel on The Megyn Kelly Show discussing the new South Park episode which portrayed a fictionalised version of Harry and Meghan - as the Prince and Princess of Canada. The cartoon royals go on television holding signs which say "we want our privacy" and "leave us alone". The Prince of Canada has written a book titled Waaagh. The skit is an obvious dig at the media blitz Prince Harry undertook ahead of the release of his memoir Spare. However, Mr Dougherty believes that real-life campaign has failed for the Sussexes.  He said: "The whole result of their giant publicity campaign has been to raise the popularity of Prince William and Kate in the United Kingdom. "They may have done some tiny bit of damage to Charles but I think even his popularity has gone up in the UK as his Coronation is coming up soon. People feel bad for him. "[Harry and Meghan] get to say whatever they like about the Royal Family and [the Firm] has all sorts of restrictions, formal and informal about how much they can fire back and defend themselves." The South Park episode repeatedly slams Harry and Meghan, or rather the Prince and Princess of Canada. The show's main character Stan even brands the cartoon royals a "dumb prince and his stupid wife". But this isn't the first time Prince Harry has been publicly mocked by a household name in the US.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan branded 'laughing stock' in US over South Park After the Duke admitted to the world that he had gotten frostbite on his penis and used Elizabeth Arden cream - the same kind used by his mother Princess Diana - to relieve the issue, he became the butt of the joke in the States. The anecdote even prompted A-list late-night host Kimmel to release a parody children's book on the subject: The Prince and the Penis. All of this comes as polls show Meghan and Harry's popularity plummeting in the US. A recent US poll showed Prince Harry's favourability rating drop 45 points from +38 in December to -7 in January. Similarly, the Duchess of Sussex dropped 36 points from +23 in December to -13 in the latest poll. The Redfield and Wilton poll, run for Newsweek, surveyed 2000 eligible US voters. 