A pub has told parents their youngsters must remain seated at the table following three incidents where children were injured. The venue said they had to introduce the new policy following a health and safety evaluation.  The Victoria Park pub in Bristol has said it still welcomes and "values" young guests "immensely" and has declined to give more details on the nature of the incidents or injuries. However, the instruction and announcement have left some parents, especially those with children with special educational needs, saying they now feel unwelcome, reports Bristol Live. The Victoria Park posted the announcement on its website and on an A-board outside the inn. The pub has a large stepped beer garden and a big reputation for food in an area that has a large proportion of young families. The A-board announcement said: "We politely ask that children remain seated. "After a recent health and safety evaluation, we have made the decision to change our policy asking that children remain seated with their parent/guardians for the duration of their visit. "We value our young guests immensely and love when they come to visit us but after a small number of children have received minor injuries, we have made this decision to protect our younger guests from harm, as is our duty of care obligated by law. "Thank you for your understanding." The pub is one of almost 5,000 across Britain that are owned or operated by the Stonegate Pub Company. On its page on the company’s website, the "Family Policy" has been created, and reads: "We love hosting our younger guests here at the Vic Park however in light of a recent health and safety evaluation, we kindly ask that children remain seated for the duration of their visit. "Thank you for your understanding." There has been a mixed reaction to the new policy. One regular, who declined to be named, said: "It’s about time, to be honest. "It’s great that kids come to pubs now, but too often, especially on a Sunday afternoon, they are running around the place. "With the staff carrying big plates of hot food or trays of drinks, or people watching the rugby, it’s not a great combination. "I wish more places said this out loud too." But one mum who is a local resident and frequent visitor to the pub said the message felt unwelcoming, particularly for parents of children with special educational needs. She said: "Mine have never run around, but it definitely feels unwelcoming and over the top in terms of safety. "Every other local that allows kids in doesn’t feel the need to write this. "Unless they have superglue on their chairs - good luck policing it, and I’d imagine a drop in local families with young kids using the pub as it just feels like they really don’t want kids in. "I guess we will see a sea of iPads in there, with parents trying to keep kids on chairs - it’s just a lot of pressure for parents with young kids, and creates an unwelcoming vibe."  A spokesperson for The Victoria Park, said: "We want our guests, of all ages, to enjoy their visit to us. "In order to keep everyone safe, we are asking children to remain seated where possible during their visit and enjoy their time with friends and family at the table." It is not the first time a pub in the area has asked for children to be a bit more contained and controlled by their parents. Back in 2019, the Hen and Chicken on North Street in Bedminster banned children under 10 after 6pm and drafted a set of behaviour rules for parents and children, which prompted something of a debate among pub-goers, parents and locals.