With the weight of his family name on his shoulders, Tommy Fury enters the Diriyah Arena tonight with more than just pride at stake. If he loses to Jake Paul, it could spell the end of his boxing career and definitely his aspirations of becoming a champion in the sport. Exactly how far the ex-Love Island star can go will become clear this evening as he takes on the toughest test of his career so far. Fight times/ How to watch The Saudi showdown will be broadcast exclusively in the UK on BT Sport Box Office. Fans will have to pay £19.95 to access the pay-per-view fight, with the BT Sport coverage getting underway at 6:30pm. The ring walks for the main event are expected to take place around 9pm. UK viewers do not need a BT Sport subscription to watch the fight and can live stream the event via the broadcaster’s app and website on all good internet-connected devices including smart TVs, laptops and mobile phones. Full card Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury Ilunga Makabu vs Badou Jack - WBC cruiserweight title fight Ziyad Almaayouf vs Janos Penzes Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Bader Samreen vs Viorel Simion Adam Saleh vs Stuart Kellogg (Evil Hero) Quotes Tommy Fury: “I’m in boxing and have goals of becoming a world champion. So, if I’m going to do that, I can’t be dodging people like Jake Paul. The first two fights didn’t happen because of it being out of my hands completely. In the first fight, I had a broken rib and the doctors advised me not to fight. In the second fight, I went to the airport with my full team and we were ready to go, and we were denied access to the USA.   “Third time’s a charm, and we’re here. I’m in super fit condition. I’m ready to go put this all to bed because for the past two and a half years it’s been, ‘When are you fighting Jake Paul?’ To even mention my name in the same sentence is disrespectful to me, a person who’s been boxing my whole life. I’m going to clinically knock this guy out early. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul and Fury shake on money-spinning bet ahead of Saudi grudge match Fury could 'murder' Paul in Saudi showdown as Brit tipped to KO rival Haye 'throuple' may be over after Healy's recent social media activity “You’re getting put to sleep inside four rounds. Let me tell you. I’m not an old man. I’m a fresh, young fighter. I’m going to put you away. You had two very lucky escapes from this fight. You should have taken those escapes. You should not be sitting here right now because this is bad for you. You should have stuck to making easy money fighting old men and celebrities. I’m coming to take your head off.”