Skinny jeans were popular 10 years ago with millennials at a time alternative music was on the rise. Nowadays, Gen Z has banished tight clothing from their wardrobes and is feeling nostalgic for another generation's clothing - as wide-leg and flared comfy trousers are now back in fashion. The look is now even popular in activewear and it has been reported that women wishing to be fashion-conscious yet comfortable are even looking for flared leggings and sweatpants. Wide-legged sweatpants can be found at some online stores such as Alo Yoga or Lululemon, but tend to be on the more expensive side. However, another alternative has been found at Target, as the highly reviewed Wild Fable flared sweatpants are available for only $25 (£20.60) Not only do the flared sweatpants look good, but are comfortable as well, are they are made with cotton-blend French terry fabric, which according to reviews is cosy and versatile. On the Target website, 250 people have posted a review of the sweatpants, and almost all of them have given the trousers a five-star rating. One reviewer, named Jacquie, wrote: “[I] love the length and flare of these. They are so comfortable and perfect for lounging or wearing out.” Another person with the username RogueMama wrote had another neologistic way of describing the trousers, and wrote: “You know those old sweatpants you took from an ex or random guy in college?  READ MORE: I recreated Kate's glam hairstyle in 5 minutes - easy video tutorial “They were perfectly worn in and still so soft and comfortable. These are those [...] but high rise.” The price of the trousers is cheap enough that reviewers have said they have bought more than one pair in different colours, and one reviewer even admitted to having eight pairs. The currently available colours are black, dark green, grey and cream white, and the size is also widely accessible as they range from XXS to XXL. A reviewer named Katie wrote: “I’m 5’ 9” and sometimes flared legs are a bit too short for me, but these hit at the perfect spot. I wear a 14 (sometimes 16) in jeans and size L is a good fit.” Another person with the username Court wrote: “Perfect fit for me, I love how they fit on my body”.  DON'T MISS: The royal dress that means a lot to Lady Louise Windsor [REVEAL]Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show [REPORT]Personal stylist shares popular colour that may make you look 'older' [INSIGHT]    Flared trousers grew in popularity in the mid-1960s thanks to celebrities such as Cher and Sonny who popularised the look. Nowadays, social media websites such as Tiktok have brought back the look for teenagers who claim that the trousers look good on any body type. It is popular on Tiktok for people to post videos on how they style their flared trousers, and on the Target website, many people have posted pictures of themselves easily yet stylishly pairing the Wild Fable flared sweatpants with simple t-shirts, hoodies or flannel. One user, who only posted their initials KM said they had seen the sweatpants on social media, and wrote: “I have been seeing these pants all over my TikTok and wanted to see what all of the hype was about - and oh my god. “The quality of these pants are phenomenal! SO comfortable, thick, soft on the inside, and flattering. I truly believe that this is the best target purchase I have ever made!”   