Deontay Wilder’s trainer Malik Scott has rubbished reports that the American and Tyson Fury are ‘in talks’ for a fourth fight. It was rumoured that Wilder was being considered for Fury’s upcoming April 29 clash at Wembley Stadium but that has since been proven wrong. Fury is currently in crunch negotiations with Oleksandr Usyk to stage their undisputed fight on the same date and venue. If Fury is not able to secure a deal with the Ukrainian in the coming days, then it is understood that The Gypsy King will box a different opponent on April 29. Reports from World Boxing News claimed that Wilder was in consideration and that he had been in talks with Fury for weeks. However, Scott flat-out denies that there have been any such discussions. “No. Not at all,” he told ES NEWS when asked if Fury and Wilder were in correspondence for a fourth fight. “There’s no talks and when I say there are no talks I’m coming from Deontay’s perspective because that’s who I’m hands-on with every other day. And from his perspective, it’s all just hoopla. It’s an option but they’re not talking about it now.” “It’s more realistic to say Usyk and Wilder,” he added. “I would like that to happen before Fury and Wilder four.” Equally, Fury’s promoter Frank Warren has denied that talks are ongoing also. “Not to my knowledge at all, not to my knowledge,” he told talkSPORT earlier this week. “No, absolutely. That’s not happened. From what I understand, I think he [Wilder] has been ordered to fight Andy Ruiz to become the mandatory.” Wilder had been ordered to face Andy Ruiz Jr in a WBC heavyweight final eliminator bout for a shot at Fury’s green strap. However, according to boxing insider Mike Coppinger, the Bronze Bomber is currently 'fielding offers’ from elsewhere after falling out with his promotional outfit Premier Boxing Champion (PBC) over the monetary side of the Ruiz Jr deal. Wilder is understood to be interested in boxing former UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou, who is set to make the switch to boxing this year. Saudi boxing chief Amer Abdallah has shown interest in the fight and confirmed to Express Sport that there have been talks about it. “I’d love to do something with Deontay [Wilder] whether it’s Deontay vs Andy Ruiz or Deontay vs [Francis] Ngannou, which there’s talks about,” Abdallah told Express Sport in an exclusive interview.