Manchester City have appointed top lawyer Lord Pannick KC to defend them against the charges levelled by the Premier League after a four-year investigation earlier this week, according to reports. The reigning English champions are facing a highly uncertain future after they were accused of an unprecedented number of Financial Fair Play rule breaches, which followed the publication of leaked emails by German outlet Der Spiegel back in 2018. The emails suggested that City owner Sheikh Mansour had inflated the club's commercial figures in an attempt to get around financial restrictions, sparking a four-year investigation from the Premier League which has resulted in the charges being brought against them. City have since moved to recruit Pannick, who typically asks for around £5,000 per hour in exchange for his services, to fight their corner when court proceedings get underway.That's according to The Lawyer, who claim that Pannick has sometimes been known to charge up to £10,000 per hour in special circumstances. He is widely regarded as one of the country's leading barristers and was recently tasked with advising former prime minister Boris Johnson in relation to the Partygate enquiry, as well as acting against the UK government over the prorogation of Parliament.If Pannick is paid at the top end of the scale when he begins working for City on a full-time basis, he will reportedly be earning around £400,000 per week. This would put him on a level playing field with one of the Premier League's highest-paid stars in Kevin De Bruyne, while he would still be pocketing more than all but seven of City's players if he charges the standard rate of £5,000 per hour. JUST IN: Arsenal could lose Ethan Nwaneri to Chelsea as spending to continue It is also said that the Premier League are constructing a legal team of their own as they prepare for what is likely to be a long and drawn-out court battle with City at some point in the not-too-distant future. The club will face the possibility of being hit with a range of sanctions if they are found guilty of the charges against them, with a points deduction or even relegation thought to be among the options on the table.UEFA previously brought charges against City relating to financial breaches in 2019 and initially imposed a two-year ban from European competition, although this was eventually overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) following a successful appeal. Mansour, who has owned City since 2008, said before the CAS verdict was issued that he would prefer to 'spend £30million on the 50 best lawyers' over the prospect of simply accepting the club’s punishment. City released an official statement on Monday to vehemently deny the recent accusations made by the Premier League, which read: "Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with."The Club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent Commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.