Many vulnerable people and older Britons may prefer to do their banking in person, and some services will remain available in their local area. A recent survey by Newcastle Building Society found some 18.7 million Britons do not have a local bank branch they can access. Some banks which are closing their branches are joining together to create Banking Hubs, where people can get in-person services. Banks taking part in this include NatWest, with locations available on their website. People will be able to make deposits, check their balance, pay bills and withdraw money at the hubs. Britons may also be able to access some of these services at their local Post Office. People can cash deposits, check their balance and withdraw money at the Post Office. A person can find their local Post Office branch on the group’s website. It may also be helpful to find out where a person’s nearest cash machine is, where they can take out cash and check their balance. READ MORE: Martin Lewis’ 'spot on' alert sees woman boost state pension by £11,500 Another option is to look at moving one’s banking online. All major banks offer online services to set up and control accounts with them, as well as banking services via an app. Below is a full list of the major banks that are closing branches this year. Barclays is closing 38 branches between March and October, including: DON'T MISSRishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised' [INSIGHT]HMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [WARNING]Tax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more [EXPLAINED] Halifax is to close 20 branches between March and June, including: HSBC is closing the most branches of any group as it shuts 114 branches this year. These include: READ MORE: Cancer patient on PIP ‘washing clothes in buckets’ to save money on washing machine Lloyds is to close 23 branches between April and June: Nationwide is closing one branch this year. This is the Regent Street branch in Kingswood, which is closing on April 20. NatWest is closing 37 branches this year including: Santander is closing six branches between March and June: TSB is planning to close nine branches this year, including: 