Sean Dyche has insisted that he does not feel let down by Everton owner Farhad Moshiri in spite of the club's failure to make any deadline-day signings. The Toffees endured a turbulent time of things in the January window and will be forced to play out the rest of the season with the same squad they started with as a result of their inability to add to their ranks in the mid-season market. Everton were close to securing deals for a number of players, including top target Arnaut Danjuma, but did not manage to get any of them over the line in spite of their best efforts. The Merseyside strugglers were firmly expected to help Dyche out by making some late moves, although the former Burnley boss is not placing any blame at the feet of Moshiri and the club's decision-makers for failing to improve the squad."All I've seen is hard work, particularly in the recruitment area," Dyche told a press conference ahead of Saturday's match against Arsenal at Goodison Park. "I've been leaving here late at night, Kev (Thelwell) was on the phone, the owner was on the phone, so there absolutely was hard work."What promises can you make? We need to align. You can make promises but you need to know the deal that makes them. I'm not going to talk about players. Loads of phone calls were made, loads of offers were made, they didn't get to the situation that we wanted for whatever reason." JUST IN: Liverpool's Darwin Nunez had transfer warning from former Man City ace Dyche went on to insist that his main focus will now be to extract the very best from the players already at his disposal as he looks to keep Everton in the Premier League over the coming months. The Toffees are currently just two points from safety but are winless since October and will be desperate to start picking up some much-needed points as quickly as possible."I think we've got some very talented players here," added Dyche. "They may have lost their way, but there's some very talented players here, and I've never been one for signing players just for the sake of it. "Our job is to guide them and polish them up a little bit. I'm not just going to sign players for the sake of signing them. They've got to be able to affect what we're doing."It remains to be seen whether Dyche will be able to make an immediate impact at Everton by claiming at least a point against Arsenal this weekend, although it will certainly be a tough task for the struggling Toffees to do so against the odds. They do have a period of winnable games on the horizon, though, with the likes of Leeds United, Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest among their upcoming opponents. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.