Drivers of caravans which are damaged by potholes face enormous charges, which the average cost per incident reaching £3,912. This figure is almost 50 percent more than any other type of claim, with experts calling on drivers to ensure they are covered. Pothole claims make up around three percent of all claims submitted but are significantly more costly than the average claim. In fact, damage caused by a pothole-related incident costs 50 percent more than the average caravan claim amount of £2,612.40. Specialist caravan insurer Ripe Insurance analysed two years of internal data and found that pothole-related claims have an average cost of £3,912.18. This includes motorway crashes, roof fractures and damage to the wheel arches. READ MORE: New ULEZ expansion tax will 'burden' drivers later this year The figures come in the lead-up to this year’s February half term, when many families will be hitting the road with their touring caravan for the first time since the big winter freeze. Potholes continue to be a concern on UK roads, with recent AA statistics showing that more than 1.5 million potholes were reported on local roads alone between April 2018 and June 2021. John Woosey, founder of Ripe Insurance, commented on the threat that caravan owners face when out on the road. He said: “For caravan owners, potholes are not just a nuisance; they’re a dangerous and – as our data shows, costly - issue that won't be going away anytime soon. DON'T MISSDrivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes [HELPFUL]Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [INSIGHT]Just one charger installed for every 53 electric cars sold last year [SHOCKING] “Following several cold snaps this winter, which will have exacerbated the existing pothole problem on our roads, we would urge caravanners to take extra care when driving to minimise the risk.” Caravan owners are advised to watch their speed when out on the road as driving over a pothole destabilises the vehicle and the caravan in tow. This is even more vital when travelling at high speeds, which John Woosey warned can be far more “destructive”. Motorists should take their time and enjoy the journey, especially in winter when wet and icy conditions are far more common. READ MORE: UK 'needs to move rapidly' with rollout of electric car chargers Staying back from the vehicle in front also helps drivers have a better viewpoint, and therefore a higher chance of spotting an oncoming pothole allowing for safe, evasive action. It also gives them more time to react in the event that something goes wrong. Importantly, if a driver does come across a pothole on the road, they should not try to swerve sharply. It is better to safely slow down to clear it rather than making a manoeuvre that other road users won’t be expecting. Similarly, drivers should avoid sudden braking, as the immediate reaction will probably be to quickly apply the brakes when they hit a pothole. In fact, the impact may cause more damage by putting additional pressure on the caravan’s front suspension, so motorists should avoid hard braking if they can. Tyre pressure is also vital. With a car, a typical tyre pressure is between 30 and 35 PSI of air.  On caravan tyres, the pressure can go up to 60 PSI, because they take more abuse than car tyres. Before setting off on a trip, the driver should check both pressures, not forgetting to do so on the return journey as well. Check both pressures before setting off on a trip, not forgetting the return journey.