Millions of viewers tuned into watch the last ever episode of Happy Valley starring actress Sarah Lancashire as rural Sgt Catherine Cawood, who came face-to-face with her late daughter's rapist after he jumped the dock in court and went on the run. But as fans have reacted to the gritty northern drama, Mark Stanley, who is part of a chilling sub-plot accused of murdering his wife, has admitted he saw a “hint of a fourth series” before the ending unfolded. Mark joined Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on This Morning to chat about the dramatic ending to the BBC drama. Speaking alongside Derek Riddell, who plays Catherine’s ex-husband Richard Cawood, he responded to rumours of an alternate ending. Mark shared: “I don’t know about the different endings but there was a lot redacted from the scripts when we were given them because they didn’t want things leaking. “I guess things are sent through email these days and if something goes the wrong way, this seven year anticipation goes out the window.” READ MORE: Phillip sparks uproar as he brags he saw Happy Valley finale early Viewers discovered Mr Hepworth wasn’t just abusive towards his wife but had also been grooming students at his school. Detective Superintendent Andy Shepherd (played by Vincent Franklin) shared Mr Hepworth’s wife Joanna's (Mollie Winnard) extensive past injuries that hadn't been reported. "A fractured hip, fractured radial bone, broken ribs. Looks to me like this fella's been knocking her about all over the house for years," he told Catherine. He went on to reveal he wasn’t being charged with Joanna’s death but for sharing indecent images with school kids. Mark and Derek went on to admit it was a huge relief for the ending to be broadcast. Derek told the ITV hosts: “The country was so invested in it and it was so lovely to be involved in something like that. “It seems that everybody… well you can’t please everybody at the same time but it seems most people were really satisfied with the way that it finished.” While Mr Hepworth was arrested, Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) was killed off after setting himself alight. DON'T MISS... Happy Valley's Tommy Lee Royce 'should have killed' CatherineHappy Valley star slapped in supermarket by stranger over roleHappy Valley's James Norton and Rhys Connah pay tribute to castmates Tommy broke into Catherine’s home where he confronted her and confessed he was happy to see his son Ryan (Rhys Connah) had a good life. Mark said of Tommy’s final moments: “When he finally went up in flames, there was something errking in me that there was going to be a slight hint of a fourth series and I got really excited for a minute!” Derek added: “I think once again, Sally surprised us. I hadn’t seen it. “I don’t know what I expected but that was not what I expected! “The conversation between Sarah and James had everything in it really and encapsulated a lot of Sally’s genius. “At one point you even felt a bit of sympathy to Tommy and you could see this damaged little boy that had been brought up in this thing but then it switches again and you know, Sarah gets her moment to tell him.” Happy Valley is available to watch on BBC iPlayer now.