The new series of Vera is back on screens and so far, DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) have solved a string of mysterious murders. Mark Edwards (Riley Jones) and Jac Williams (Ibinabo Jack) have also been on hand to help the detective with the background work of the cases. During series 12, viewers bid farewell to iconic pathologist Malcolm Donahue (Paul Kaye). Although, they were quickly introduced to his replacement, Paula Bennett (Sarah Kameela Impey). Malcolm bid farewell to Vera in an episode which aired earlier this month, explaining he was moving on to new pastures. However, in true Vera style, the detective didn't make a fuss about it and said her goodbyes with a bacon sandwich. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Mark, who is regularly seen doing Vera's legwork for a case, rarely appeared in scenes with Malcolm. But in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actor who plays him paid a tribute to Paul, describing him as "such a lovely guy". "I don't really get many scenes with Paul, so I haven't really had much time with him unfortunately," Riley began. "But the bits of time that I have been able to spend with him, he is such a lovely guy. "I've got a lot of time for him and I mean he's had such an amazing career. "And it was nice to be able to chat to him about stuff he's doing and what he's done in the past. "But also the social side just being able to sit about and chat, and talk about what's going on in our lives and stuff." Malcolm's replacement has received mixed opinions from fans, with many pleading for bosses to bring back the moody pathologist. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Neville Parker 'framed' by close colleague  [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [NEWS]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as Mandy Dingle star drops clue  [SPOILERS] DCI Stanhope doesn't deal with change well, especially after her original sidekick, Joe Ashworth (David Leon) was replaced by Aiden. Speaking about Malcolm's replacement, Brenda admitted her character "isn't sure" of Paula at first. She shared: "We say goodbye to the wonderful Paul Kaye as pathologist Dr Malcolm Donahue in the third new film Against The Tide. "Paul is one of the most positive people I know. No matter what the circumstances he’ll find something positive to say.  "There was total respect between Vera and Malcolm along with some very dry humour from him. “The relationship between Vera and Malcolm has been interesting to play. But his replacement is good news." Discussing Paula's first encounter with the detective, she continued: "When they first meet Vera isn’t quite sure what to make of her and thinks she’s a bit too clever for her own good. "But she is clever in a good sense. We meet Paula in the fourth film For The Grace Of God." Vera returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.