Molly-Mae Hague has sent a final good luck message to her boyfriend Tommy Fury ahead of his grudge match with Jake Paul later tonight. The pair square off at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia after two previously failed attempts to get the fight over the line. Ahead of their inaugural encounter in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after suffering a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. Given their messy past, many had raised concerns that the contest would fall through at the third time of asking. However, both men are now over in the Middle East set to meet each other under the sweltering Saudi sun this evening. Ahead of the long-awaited showdown, Molly-Mae shared a snap of Tommy beaming on FaceTime with Molly-Mae and newly born daughter Bambi. Captioning the post, she wrote: “Calls with dadda. Tonight, is YOUR night. Get the job done and get home my boy. We are so beyond proud of you. Your team forever. Let’s Go!” Speaking exclusively to Express Sport two weeks ago, Tommy praised his long-time partner for taking the 'stress off of him’ ahead of the crunch clash. “I’m happy to sit here and say that I have the best partner in the world,” he said. “She has completely taken all the stress off of me. She knows what’s coming up, she knows how serious it is and I’ve been able to stay in training camp mode and I’m really happy that I can say that. “Molly has been doing everything, she has been going above and beyond and is the best mother to my daughter that I could wish for. But I’m looking forward to getting this fight out of the way so I can come back and help her out around the house. As of right now, I’ve had no sleepless nights. I’ve got a good eight hours in. I feel terrible saying that, but she’ll be getting her eight hours in when I come back." He also revealed that he had been sleeping in a separate room from Molly-Mae and Bambi in order to ensure the best possible sleep before the big fight. “So, I’m in a separate room to them when we sleep," he added. "Obviously, what’s coming up is a huge event and we have to cut no corners and I’m thankful she understands that. That just makes me a happier fighter and a more dangerous fighter.”