The This Morning presenter was about to handover to Josie Gibson who was in Birmingham but was unable to host as she began coughing. Holly Willoughby quickly excused herself but then had to run off camera to take a sip of water as she struggled to continue presenting. After listing what was still to come on the show, Phillip said: "Before all of that, let's head back to Birmingham." Before he could finish, Holly turned away to cough, explaining: "Excuse me, I knew that was coming." Phillip asked: "Are you alright there? Bless you?" Needing to cough again, Holly held up a finger and rushed off camera to grab a drink of water. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Phillip continued: "Are you coming back or should I crack on?" "I am, you crack on," Holly assured her co-host as the camera panned out to show her sipping a drink. "It's just gone down the wrong way. Excuse me. You carry on." Phillip asked: "I'll carry on. You don't need any help?" As Holly gave him a thumbs up, he continued: "Okay, right then. We're going to go to our camping correspondent. "Are you having the time of your life Josie? Talk quickly because we're man down, man down." The camera then cut to Josie who was at Birmingham NEC exploring the latest camper vans and accessories on offer. Later, Holly rejoined Phillip and apologised to viewers for having to rush off earlier in the programme. DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby's 'stunning' This Morning outfit is currently on sale [LATEST]Holly Willoughby channels Hollywood goddess in jaw-dropping gold dress [PICTURES]Holly Willoughby distracts Dancing on Ice fans with appearance [REACTION] On Thursday, Holly looked incredibly chic to host This Morning, opting for a jumper and dress combination. The presenter sported a low-cut floral pinafore dress from Oasis which was layered over a roll-neck jumper from & Other Stories. Holly completed her look with black tights and heeled black boots. She wore her blonde locks pulled back into a chic bun and sported a slick of red lipstick. Fans were thrilled by Holly's look with Nicola Boddington commenting: "Love that dress." "Love this look and your hair looks sooooo nice up should have it up more often," another fan posted on Instagram. Ballard Jade added: "Wow you look amazing. Fab job," as Phoebe_maldives posted: "Good morning!! Oooh, love your outfit Holly!" This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.