NBC’s thrilling drama Chicago PD returned to screens on Wednesday with another gripping episode titled Trapped. After the episode came to an end, the cast took to Twitter to celebrate reaching its milestone 200th episode with a special behind-the-scenes message. In 2014, Chicago PD became the first spin-off to come from Dick Wolf’s hit NBC drama Chicago Fire. The shows then became known as One Chicago as the emergency services franchise expanded with the 2015 release of Chicago Med. After Wednesday’s nail-biting episode saw Kim Burgess (played by Marina Squerciati) confront her past, the actor became one of the many cast members to thank viewers. Taking to social media with a special video, the official Wolf Entertainment Twitter account wrote: “Thank you for helping us get to 200 episodes of #ChicagoPD. We hope you enjoyed the episode as much as we enjoyed making it.” READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error The video kicked off with Hailey Upton star Tracy Spiridakos stating: “200 episodes, wow thank you so much for helping us get here.” Marina provided a behind-the-scenes look at the set as she added: “It’s thanks to our crew and you guys our loyal viewers and fans.” Trudy Platt’s Amy Morton shared: “I just couldn't be more grateful.” “The crew, the cast over the years, everybody made this possible,” Patrick John Flueger continued.  A grateful LaRoyce Hawkins stated: “We’ve lost some people, we’ve gained some people but we’re still here and we’re still strong and that’s because of you all. “So thank you so much from the bottom of my heart and we’re going to continue to do our best as long as we’re here.” Hank Voight star Jason Beghe concluded the video with: “I love my job, I love this show and I love you and I love this crew because I wouldn’t be here without all of you. “And 200 episodes is beyond my imagination, so thank you.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street exit for Max Turner as fans spot worrying clue [THEORY]Magnum PI’s Jay Hernandez turned down ‘intimidating’ role [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell swears after mind-blowing AGT aerial performance [REACTION] The video message sparked a major frenzy with fans as they rushed to the comment section to congratulate the cast and crew of Chicago PD. @DeniseMSurvivor tweeted: “Thank you for keeping my Wednesday nights exciting! Excellent show tonight!” @lezly_lizeth stated: “So proud of everyone who works on this series!! Amazing episode!!” An appreciative @StephanieS1049 wrote: “If anyone deserves it, it’s absolutely every single person cast and crew that make my heart race but also heartfelt and emotional moments since day one! Thank you so much for everything!!”  A fourth viewer @justwrite115 responded: “Phenomenal episode!! That's how you celebrate 200 eps! Bravo, #ChicagoPD cast & crew!!” @shannon_hausen congratulated: “Happy 200th episode, it was sensational!” As @Wiselatina626 anticipated: “Here's to 200 more for all of #OneChicago.” Thankfully for fans, the road to Chicago PD’s next milestone continues as the detectives discover a dark twist in the Samantha Beck (Caitlin Mehner) case.  Chicago PD season 10 continues Wednesdays on NBC in the USA an on Mondays on Sky Witness in the UK. 