Graham Potter has issued a fighting response when posed with a question about his oversized Chelsea squad and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang snub after another disappointing result on Friday. Chelsea failed to score for a second successive Premier League game, drawing 0-0 against Fulham at Stamford Bridge. The west London derby followed the UEFA publishing of the Champions League knockout-stage squads earlier in the day. Potter recruiting eight players in January meant three were bound to be included in his 25-man group, forcing one member to be delisted. He selected Aubameyang as the sacrificial lamb, relaying his decision to the 33-year-old on Thursday, and also left him out of his squad for Fulham. After full-time, he insisted that Aubameyang was still in his plans and confirmed that David Datro Fofana's prospect of minutes was the primary reason for his exclusion. He said: "Yeah, of course [he's in my plans]. Yeah. I had to explain that it was a tough, tough call because he's done nothing wrong. "But we wanted to give more minutes to David [Datro Fofana] and give him that opportunity. But Pierre is with us and will be for the rest of the season. He'll be fighting for his place." DON'T MISS: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's reaction to brutal Champions League snub Potter was then asked how big a challenge it would be to manage a squad featuring more than 30 players over the next four months. And the Blues head coach welcomed the test, claiming it is a good problem to have as he vies for an unlikely top-four finish and prolonged Champions League run. "There's always challenges here. There are lots of challenges at different parts of the club," Potter explained. "But it's a fantastic challenge. It's nothing for me to complain about at all. It's exciting, and I'm looking forward to it." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Chelsea are now nine points behind fourth-placed Manchester United in the Premier League, having played one more game, leapfrogging Liverpool into ninth. The Blues have won just four of their last 16 outings, losing seven times and being eliminated from both domestic cups in that period. Potter will understand his new-look squad will need time to gel but improved results must arrive soon if he's to avoid a disastrous first season as head coach. Chelsea travel to West Ham United for another London derby next Saturday, where they will attempt to seal the first win of what feels like a new era post-January. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing!