Dehumidifiers help keep the overall humidity in the home at an optimal level, therefore helping eliminate an environment where damp and mould could thrive in. With the rising cost of living forcing people to use their heating less, people have turned to using dehumidifiers to help keep problems at bay. According to one expert, there are three mistakes to avoid making when using your device to get the best results in the home. Sarah Dempsey, cleaning expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk, told Express.co.uk: “Dehumidifiers work by pulling the air inside over and over to dry it out. “Often, other things will also enter the dehumidifier such as dust and pet hair. This will build up over time and can cause clogs inside the system. “Check the filter regularly and clean it with a damp cloth. Wait for the filter to dry before placing it back in the machine.” READ MORE: Gardening expert shares how to turn leftovers into ‘fabulous’ plants The expert also recommended replacing the filter every few months to ensure you dehumidifier lasts for several years. When it comes to using the device, it is important to place it in the correct place within a specific room or area in your home. According to Sarah, the best place to put it is close to the source of the moisture issue to ensure the problem is dealt with as quickly as possible. She added: “It isn’t recommended that you place a dehumidifier in the bathroom as they are not IP rated. DON'T MISS:Easiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’ [COMMENT]‘Helter-skelter’ time for property market as house prices drop [INSIGHT]I tried a baking soda tip to remove moisture from my home - results [EXPLAINER] “Instead, place it just outside of the bathroom and leave the bathroom door open to help reduce air moisture quickly. “Place the dehumidifier close to the area where there is the moist moisture while also ensuring there is enough airflow around the machine for it to work effectively.” In order to get the “best results” from your device, Sarah recommended placing it at least 20cm away from any walls in your home. The expert noted: “It’s also recommended that you keep your dehumidifier away from any draughts from windows, doors or air vents. This will ensure that the machine can work to its optimal efficiency.” READ MORE: Six easy steps to regrout bathroom tiles for a ‘show home’ finish As well as cleaning the tiler, it is recommended to clean the machine at least once a week to ensure it stays effective. To clean your machine, take it apart, making sure to turn it off and unplug it before following the steps in the manual to disassemble it. Next, clean the water tank by giving it a good scrub. Sarah explained: “Create a mixture of one part vinegar and one part water to sit for several minutes before wiping it away with a sponge or clean cloth. “Then clean the filter and coils. Remove all of the accumulated dirt from the filter and coils by scrubbing in and up and down motion with a soft bristle brush. Spray the coils with your vinegar spray mixture and leave it to settle for a few minutes. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Then, pour some lukewarm water over the coils to wash this away. Be sure to cover the motor to prevent any water from getting into that area. “Clean the fan blades by wiping them with a damp cloth to remove all of the accumulated dirt, dust and particles. “Next clean the interior of the machine by using a vacuum cleaner to clean out the inside of the machine. Use the hose attachment on your vacuum cleaner to ensure you can get into all the little nooks and crannies.” Finally, resumable the machine making sure they are put back into place before beginning to use it again.