A 2022 study from BMW found that one in 10 people like the idea of being able to watch films in the car with the same quality as going to the cinema BMW’s Theatre Mode could make this a possibility, allowing passengers to watch movies as lavishly as in the cinema. As soon as the display folds down, blinds automatically cover the rear window, the lights dim and a sound sequence specially composed by Hans Zimmer introduces the upcoming experience. Highlights inside the new i7 include the Executive Lounge Seating and rear doors integrated with individual touchscreens to operate the infotainment system intuitively. The ultra-wide 31.3 inch, 8K rear passenger cinema screen can be paired with the 1,965 watts Bowers and Wilkins Diamond surround sound system to create a 4D audio experience. It also comes with Amazon Fire TV built-in to create a unique panoramic rear seat entertainment experience. READ MORE: 'Entitled woman parked on my drive - I blocked her in and got drunk' An optional Sky Lounge panoramic glass sunroof allows light into the interior during the day and creates ambience at night by using dynamic light effects. It’s not just inside which grabs the eye, the i7 is equipped with crystal headlights and an illuminated BMW “Iconic Glow” kidney grille. The all-electric saloon car starts from £110,545 and has a staggering 387 mile range. When charging using a household wallbox charger, it will take less than two and half hours for 100km worth of range. DON'T MISSUK motorists face 'incredibly high' costs when driving in Europe [WARNING]Drivers warned of fines and points for using a dashcam incorrectly [INSIGHT]Hybrid cars pollute more than advertised in cities and on commutes [SHOCKING] Using a high-power charging station for 100km (62 miles), it will take just six minutes. In addition to the impressive 31inch screen, there is a multifunctional interaction bar which extends across the entire cockpit. Completing the multimedia experience is a 14.9inch BMW curved display, perfect for a detailed sat nav system and controlling the system features. In order to make use of the ultra-wide 31.3-inch rear-passenger theatre screen, the automaker has launched the BMW Filmmaking Challenge. READ MORE: Drivers better off selling cars than using ULEZ scrappage scheme All five filmmakers will benefit with support from an exec producer from the BFI to create their film, as well as mentoring from Michaela Coel. The writer, director, and actress, best known for creating and starring in her multi-award-winning TV shows Chewing Gum and I May Destroy You, will support the execution of the filmmakers’ visions, from discussing creative influences through to the production itself. Michaela Coel says: “I hope this Filmmaking Challenge provides an opportunity for creatives to explore new and interesting perspectives, allowing us to discover the stories yet to be told. “The BMW i7’s technology and theatre screen, which is much wider than we’d traditionally watch, will push creatives to think more expansively. “I look forward to geeking out with the filmmakers about their ideas and providing a sounding board as a mentor throughout this process.” BMW and the BFI are encouraging filmmakers and creative talent to challenge limitations and to harness the power of the i7. Mia Bays, Director of the BFI Film Fund, commented: “When applications open, we can’t wait to see the ideas and teams who step up and look forward to presenting the results in the cinema, on BFI Player and in the back of the new BMW i7 in October, which is a first for us.” To launch the Challenge, Coel stars in a 90-second promotional film featuring the BMW i7 as the brand’s flagship vehicle, written and directed by Aliyah Otchere. Michelle Roberts, Marketing Director at BMW UK, added: “This Challenge is designed to inspire and create space for creative risk-taking, inspired by the ground-breaking all-electric BMW i7and its uniquely advanced cinematic technology.”