Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has given four reasons behind the deal to sign Jorginho. The Italy international completed a move to the Gunners from Chelsea on deadline day and will wear the No 20 shirt. Arsenal were in the market for a midfielder late in the window. Brighton star Moises Caicedo was their top target but the Seagulls remained defiant that he was not for sale. The Gunners failed with two bids for Caicedo and ultimately turned their attention to another target. That turned out to be Jorginho and a deal was swiftly agreed with London rivals Chelsea. Arsenal will pay the Blues an initial £10million, with a further £2m in add-ons. Jorginho is a player Arteta has followed for some time and previously tried to sign him earlier in his career. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea make new Fernandez bid, Sabitzer flying, Arsenal sign Jorginho  Arteta named four reasons as to why he decided to go after the 31-year-old, including the leadership and experience he will bring. Following the announcement of the deal, Arteta told the Arsenal website: "Jorginho is a midfield player with intelligence, deep leadership skills and a huge amount of Premier League and international experience. "Jorginho has won in his career, but he still has the hunger and huge willingness to contribute here. We are so pleased to sign Jorginho and welcome him and his family to the club." Arsenal sporting director Edu says Jorginho can be an important signing as the club pushes to win its first Premier League title in 19 years. Edu said: "Jorginho is an established professional with a strong mentality who brings quality and experience into our squad. "He is a player who fits our style of play, and he joins us at a very good moment where he can contribute in a key position to help maintain our momentum. We welcome Jorginho to Arsenal." DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu has learnt his lesson despite Jorginho criticismArsenal may be about to pull off masterstroke with 'top' signingMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turn  Jorginho has signed an 18-month contract at the Emirates, with the option of a further year. He is set to become the oldest member of Arteta's squad once Cedric Soares completes a loan move to Fulham. Jorginho made over 200 appearances for Chelsea since joining from Napoli in 2018. Arsenal were in need of a midfielder following the news of Mohamed Elneny's injury. Elneny looks likely to miss much of the remainder of the season after undergoing surgery on a knee issue. Arsenal confirmed on Tuesday he will be out of action for a significant spell.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here