Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 38, took a trip to Australia, Fiji, Tonga and New Zealand back in 2018 when they were working members of the Royal Family. When the Duke and Duchess of Sussex visited Rotorua, New Zealand, they took part in a royal walkabout. Meghan looked beautiful in a Givenchy bespoke navy pleated midi skirt and jumper. The royal turned to one of her favourite labels, Givenchy, for the occasion, which she wore for her royal wedding a few months prior. The fashion house also made her navy maxi coat for Princess Eugenie’s nuptials, as well as other picks spotted throughout her Australian and New Zealand tour. This was a classic co-ord look, by pairing a short-sleeved top and pleated midi skirt. READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry     Meghan also followed the late Queen's example by opting for a monochrome outfit. She had already worn the style of jumper in green during a trip to Ireland earlier that year. The real show-stopper, however, had to be Meghan’s bespoke pleated skirt. The silhouette was elegant and timeless, while the subtle flash of royal blue kept it modern and on-trend. However, the Duchess appeared to have a "Diana moment", as she looked to have flashed her legs through her Givenchy skirt. Meghan seemed to show off more than she bargained for in photographs taken during a walkabout in Rotorua on the final day of the royal tour. However, it was in fact simply an optical illusion created by the skirt's heavy woven fabric "strobing on camera". Meanwhile, the stripe design of the skirt also created the illusion of Meghan's underwear - at the point where the lighter stripes become darker again. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  The images recalled the famous photograph taken of the late Diana, Princess of Wales in 1980, in which her legs were revealed through her sheer lace skirt. Explaining what had caused the optical illusion, stylist Lucas Armitage said: "Certain fabrics with a heavy woven effect can strobe on camera. Strobing is something you may have noticed on TV when someone is wearing stripes or check patterns and this causes an optical illusion which creates a moving flickering look. "I suspect this is what is happening here and the fabric is a thick heavily woven piece creating a camera strobe and the illusion it's sheer." Meghan's apparent fashion mishap came after she opted for a daring striped dress by US brand Reformation on Fraser Island the week before, which featured a thigh-high split.  Some compared Meghan's frock to Diana's white lace skirt, with the Duchess displaying her legs through the semi-sheer fabric. Meghan finished off her chic look with a pair of navy Manolo Blahnik BB heels, priced at £556 while wearing her locks in a messy bun.  The Duchess looked in high spirits as she greeted crowds in Rotorua, on one of her final engagements of the royal tour. Following the walkabout, she and Harry visited the Redwoods Tree Walk in Rotorua for the final engagement of their 16-day long tour. 