Rishi Sunak and the European Commission President are set to meet in Windsor on Monday. Ursula Von der Leyen’s diary, published on the European Commission’s website, on Sunday appeared to confirm the meeting with Mr Sunak will take place in Berkshire. The location online was later changed from “Windsor” to the "United Kingdom" instead. Sources suggested on Friday that a new deal on the protocol could be called the "Windsor Agreement". There had been plans for King Charles to meet the president of the European Commission at Windsor Castle on Saturday but this was ditched for "operational reasons". But critics accused Mr Sunak of dragging the King into politics. Government sources denied Sunak was intending to use King Charles to endorse his much-anticipated deal to end the row with the EU over the NI protocol.  In newly released information tonight, the leaders are expected to meet at lunchtime for "final talks". Then, there is set to be a Cabinet in the afternoon. It is here where the Prime Minister, Foreign Secretary and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland will give a crucial update on the talks. If a final deal is agreed, the Prime Minister and the President of the European Commission will then hold a short joint press conference in the late afternoon, it is understood. The Prime Minister will then head to the House of Commons to deliver a statement on the agreement. READ MORE: Sunak admits 'stakes are high' but vows his new Brexit deal will 'finish the job' for UK  Dominic Raab, who is Deputy Prime Minister and Justice Secretary, on Sunday reiterated that the monarch regularly meets heads of states. Asked whether he could see how the meeting could have been interpreted as “dragging the monarchy into politics” on Sky News’ Sophy Ridge On Sunday programme, Mr Raab said: “The King, the monarch, regularly meets heads of states and heads of leading international organisations. “The precise timing of it and the scheduling of it, actually, is for the Palace and for the monarchy to decide, it’s not something that we would impinge on. “But part of the normal functions of the King would be to meet senior international figures.” 