NFL fans have been told not to expect a third career resurrection from Tom Brady after the American Football legend announced his retirement from the game in February. The seven-time Super Bowl champion hung up his cleats for a second time, sending a video message from a beach, and the former New England Patriots star is set to move into analysis with FOX Sports from 2024. Brady announced he was leaving American Football behind after an incredible 23-year career which included seven Super Bowls, five Super Bowl MVP awards and three regular season MVPs, having spent 20 seasons with the New England Patriots and the final three with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He originally retired in 2022 before coming back to the sport for one final campaign. But this time, the American icon insisted he would be leaving "for good" and Mike Carlson - a long-time NFL pundit and commentator - suggested that a change in his personal circumstances could be the motive behind his farewell. “He’s gone, I think. Give him a year. What people aren’t considering is that it’s not just football, [but also] the effects of the divorce," Carlson told Express Sport, speaking at a Betfair event. READ MORE: Tom Brady could still reverse retirement again as NFL teams' theory emerge "Whatever caused it I have no idea, but dealing with child custody… they're in school in Miami and part of the reason he wanted to go to Miami was so that he could be there with his family. Tampa is the next closest place and he could play [before the divorce]. Now, he can probably only have his kids at certain times and dates, he has certain responsibilities, and you can’t do it when you’re playing NFL. "I think that more than anything else influenced his retirement and it means he’s not going to come back. He’s going to wait until 2024 [to return]." With Brady retiring and Green Pay Packers icon Aaron Rodgers considering his future while he heads to a private retreat, the group of original NFL star quarterbacks appears to be dwindling. But with Patrick Mahomes now recognised as the best quarterback in the NFL after picking up the MVP award, Carlson, 71, believes there is a new generation of passers coming through. LATEST NFL NEWSTom Brady retired as he 'ran out of options' claims NFL insiderBuccaneers and Patriots give classy response to Tom Brady retirementTom Brady admits holds 'on every single play' while defending NFL refs When asked if Brady's run would bring an end to the era of star quarterbacks, Carlson said: "No, there always will be [more]. This is a new group coming in, Brady and Rodgers were outliers in the sense Brady was a great player but you can’t argue he was one of the top quarterbacks in the league [right now] and with Rodgers, it does show your limitations when you’re in a malfunctioning system. “Right now I think the best quarterbacks in the league are Mahomes, Josh Allen, Justin Herbert and Joe Barrow. They’ll be the next generation and significantly, they're a change in style of play, the quarterback is moving. And a guy like Jalen Hurts or Lamar Jackson can insert himself into that category." Brady confirmed on Tuesday he will up his highly-anticipated role with FOX Sports as an analyst for the American broadcaster from 2024 onwards after signing a 10-year contract worth $375 million (£306m). But Carlson has questioned whether the 45-year-old will be able to transfer his NFL expertise from the field to behind the microphone. “Quarterbacks [as pundits] should be better because they can see the whole offense," he added. "Part of the problem is you have to do the homework and the only question is whether he will say something against a fellow professional. You’ve got to say it if everybody sees it. "The other thing is how well can you talk in that format, Tony Romo did it really well for a few years and is coasting off that a bit. The Manning brothers, they do something the Monday night NFL show and you can relax, they can say stuff that you wouldn’t say when you’re in the network. "But how he [Brady] would react to that, I don’t know. He’s kind of savvy, but at the time, he might not want to offend anybody.” Listen to Mike Carlson on Betfair’s NFL…Only Bettor Super Bowl preview podcast and get the latest tips by heading to the Betfair website.