A six-year-old whose body was discovered on the bathroom floor by his mother died of streptococcus A, an inquest has heard. Beloved schoolboy Brodie Lee Morgan was found by his mum Jamie Lee shortly after 7.30am on November 8. An inquest heard how paramedics attended the family home in Newbridge, South Wales, but were unable to save him. A post-mortem examination carried out by Doctor Andrew Bamber three days later gave an advisory medical cause of death as group A streptococcal sepsis - more commonly known as strep A. Strep A is a common bacteria that usually causes mild infections - typically among children. Symptoms can be flu-like and also include a rash, muscle aches, vomiting and a sore throat. However, in some cases it can be more severe, leading to breathing difficulties.  READ MORE: ‘I felt like I was dying’: Paul O’Grady describes horror illness that ‘finished’ him off Since September at least 40 children in the UK have died from strep A, including five children in Wales. As reported in The Sun, an inquest into the death of Brodie heard Jamie dialled 999 for paramedics to attend the family home - but Brodie could not be saved. Brodie, who was a huge rugby fan, was described as the "most beautiful little boy in the world" and lived with his "bestest friend" mum Jamie. The hearing was told medics said there were no suspicious circumstances relating to his death.   In a tribute following his death, Brodie's family said: “Brodie was very outgoing. “He absolutely loved going out to play with his friends and looked forward to going to school to see his friends. "He had recently started doing taekwondo and Spanish lessons after school which he thoroughly enjoyed and was excited to keep doing. "He played rugby for Oakdale RFC, which he loved training for and playing games on a Sunday.  READ MORE: Two popular herbs that could help blast visceral fat, studies show “He supported Liverpool in football and loved Mo Salah. "When he was at home he loved to be on his Xbox gaming with his friends and family. “He couldn’t wait to go up to his nanny and bampi every Friday for Chinese Fridays as he absolutely loved his food. “Brodie shared his years with his mum Jamie Lee who brought him up to be the most beautiful little boy the world had the utmost pleasure of knowing, never leaving his side and supporting him every step of the way, as the bestest of friends.  "Brodie has been the most loved little boy anyone could imagine and with the support of Jamie Lee’s friends and family we can help her cope with the devastating impact the situation has had on her life.” Coroner Caroline Saunders adjourned the hearing to a future date to be fixed. Signs of strep A include: According to the NHS you should call 999 immediately if: 