Ursula von der Leyen has travelled to meet King Charles at Windsor Castle after announcing a Brexit deal has been struck over Northern Ireland. The meeting has been controversial as critics suggest the monarchy should not be seen to be getting involved in political affairs. Sources close to the negotiations told Sky News that any involvement from the King would be an attempt to sell the new protocol at home in the UK. A palace spokesperson said: "The King is pleased to meet any world leader if they are visiting Britain and it is the government's advice that he should do so." An official spokesperson for the PM said Mr Sunak believes "fundamentally" the decision was for Buckingham Palace to make. They said: "He firmly believes it's for the King to make those decisions."  "It's not uncommon for His Majesty to accept invitations to meet certain leaders. He has met President Duda and President Zelensky recently. He is meeting with the president of the EU today." Political correspondent for Sky News Rob Powell said of the meeting: "The response from Downing Street suggests the background to the visit was entirely down to a dialogue between the EU and Buckingham Palace with a little pushback from King Charles's team at the idea. "The political risk for the Prime Minister is that it sours the mood further in Northern Ireland and makes it harder for him to sell his agreement there." READ MORE: Harry says William 'suggested Brexit was bulls**t' Some critics have raised fears that the meeting goes against the "golden rule" of the constitution that the monarch reigns while the Government rules, and that the King cannot be seen to be even remotely associated with such a divisive political decision so close to the Coronation. Former cabinet minister and leading Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg told Sky News: "If there were a plan to bring the King in before there is domestic political agreement, it would border on constitutional impropriety." Labour's shadow Northern Ireland secretary Peter Kyle said: "I do not know how a thought of involving the King could pass somebody's mind and reach it to their mouth before they realise that this is a very very unwise policy to choose because it has constitutional implications." DON'T MISS:Camilla subjected to 'totally demeaning' statement - expert [LATEST]Queen and Prince Phillip ‘took massive delight’ in things going wrong [REVEAL]Meghan is 'most notably' inspired by an 'elegant' royal [FASHION] Royal commentator and former BBC correspondent Peter Hunt wrote of the meeting on Twitter: "This is a very serious error of judgement by King Charles and his advisors. "He’s abandoned his unifying role and entered the political fray, in a foolish bid to be seen as statesmanlike. History won’t be kind. Someone’s head will roll." Buckingham Palace have also shared a picture of the meeting on Twitter, posting: "The King this afternoon held an Audience with the President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, at Windsor Castle." The meeting had been reported to take place on Saturday however it was called off due to potential political implications. There were concerns that a meeting at this stage of negotiations could have been as the King endorsing the deal. "It would be wrong to suggest the King would be involved in anything remotely political," a government source told the PA news agency.