A dog has been left fighting for his life, and his owner severely injured, after both were attacked in a park by three dogs. The man and his dog were walking when he claims they were approached and attacked by the dogs, who were off-lead and dangerously out of control, at around 9am on Sunday, January 22.  The 65-year-old was walking his dog at a nearby park when they were attacked, reports LancsLive. The male suffered deep bite marks to both hands and his dog suffered a severe bite that needed emergency surgery and is still being treated for sepsis. The owner of the three dangerous dogs then made off without leaving contact details in the direction of the Ryelands estate. He was described as white, male, 30s, 5’4, heavy build, bald, black padded jacket and dark pants. The three dogs were described as one large, tan-coloured, bull-mastiff cross, of very muscular build and two medium brown Staffordshire Bull Terriers, both of muscular build. Lancashire Police are investigating the attack and are appealing to the public for information. A spokesperson said: "Did you see a dangerous dog attack on Ryelands Park, Lancaster? We are appealing for information on the owner and urging witnesses to come forward. "At around 9am on Sunday 22nd January, a male 65 was walking his dog across the football fields on Ryelands Park close to Torrisholme Road. They were approached and attacked by 3 dogs, off their leads and dangerously out of control.   "The male suffered deep bite marks to both hands and his dog suffered a severe bite that needed emergency surgery and is still being treatment for sepsis. The owner of the 3 dangerous dogs then made off without leaving contact details with the victim in the direction of the Ryelands estate. "This was a nasty attack that has left the male extremely shaken and left an innocent dog fighting for her life. The dangerous dog owner is described as - White, Male, 30’s, 5’4, heavy build, bald, black padded jacket and dark pants.  "The 3 dogs were described as – 1 large, tan coloured, bull-mastiff cross, very muscular build and 2 medium brown Staffordshire Bull Terriers, both muscular build." Anyone with information can contact the police on 101, quoting the log number 0383 of the 22nd January or email 8312@lancashire.police.uk. You can also report information anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. 