In a recent video on her TikTok profile, qualified nutritionist Lisa Kilgour revealed that "you absolutely need to put butter on your vegetables". While it may seem odd to add fatty ingredients when cooking with healthy, fresh produce, the "undieting" expert explained that it can actually benefit your health. She demonstrated exactly how to use healthy fats to maximise the benefits of eating your greens. Whether you're running out of ways to spice up your healthy eating plan or are simply bored of plain, steamed vegetables, adding oil and seasoning is a great way to inject more flavour into fresh produce. However, it is something many people shy away from in the kitchen for fear of taking away from the natural benefits of eating everything from salad leaves to broccoli in the first place. But according to Lisa Kilgour, a registered holistic nutritionist and author of the book Undieting, it can actually be more beneficial than you may think to coat your greens in oils or butter. In a video on her TikTok profile (@lisakilgournutrition), she said: "You absolutely need to put butter on your vegetables, or olive oil - or some kind of fat." READ MORE: Queen's scones contain no milk - but rather an 85p sour product She noted that the idea that "all oils are bad" for your health should be disregarded when it comes to eating a balanced diet, adding that it is "important to add fat" to make some foods more nutritional. Lisa explained: "All vegetables come with fat-soluble vitamins and nutrients - which include, A, D E and K. And these absolutely need some fat for absorption." Demonstrating her point with chard, a leafy green vegetable that is high in vitamin K, the nutritionist pointed out that if she doesn't add some olive oils from butter to her chard, she won't get that vitamin K. This vitamin is responsible for helping calcium get into the bones, so your body could lose out on this if you are unable to absorb it from your food sources. DON'T MISS:Chef’s technique to make the ‘perfect’ grilled cheese sandwich [TIPS]I can't believe I'm sharing my pot roast recipe everybody loves' [RECIPE]Genius fried egg technique to flip them and never break the yolk [INSIGHT] The TikTok nutritionist added: "There are also some antioxidants like lycopene which is red - so in tomatoes and anything red. "It's a fat-soluble antioxidant and absolutely needs something fatty for absorption." According to Lisa, the same applies to beta-carotene found in carrots, sweet potatoes and "all orange vegetables". This is because it is a pro-vitamin A which means it converts to vitamin A - though not without the help of some fats. READ MORE: Italian chef's warning over bolognese mistake most home cooks make The "undieting" expert urged fellow TikTok users to "slather some butter" or add olive oil to dishes when cooking such vegetables as "the way to absorb your nutrients better". It's not just cooking with oils that can help to improve your nutrient intake. Lisa added that pairing certain foods together can work too. One of her examples was to pair raw carrots with dark chocolate that has a high cocoa-solids content for "more healthy fats". Other TikTok users agreed with the nutritionist's advice in the comments, with one writing: "I am so much healthier since I started using more olive oil in my food it's phenomenal." Another commented: "When I avoid lots of fat or oils it's like my brain feels hungry it's a very hard thing to describe. Thank you for this, it's very helpful!" An expert at Have A Plant noted also supported Lisa's advice, stating that: "Fat-soluble vitamins (A, D, E, and K) will absorb better when fat is consumed with them. For example, the vitamins, minerals and antioxidants in kale absorb better when dietary fat is available. "Select fats that are plant-based (avocado, sunflower oil, peanut butter, flax, olive oil, and tofu) to get essential fatty acids and help with vitamin absorption."