After the third episode of HBO’s hit new drama received universal acclaim, Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) still face a treacherous journey across the American wasteland. However, the former Game of Thrones star has recently admitted he almost completely forgot about his role in The Last of Us after a sleepy conversation with the show’s creators. Pascal revealed taking an Ambien before a call with Craig Mazin and Neil Druckmann made him momentarily forget he had been cast in The Last of Us. HBO’s adaptation of the bestselling PlayStation property has been hailed as one of the best video game adaptations of all time after just three episodes. It has also cemented Pascal as one of TV’s most reliable leading men, although he almost didn’t remember he would be pulling double duty this year as both Joel and The Mandalorian’s Din Djarin. “That was a really strange circumstance,” he recalled. “I was actually in London and everyone else was in Los Angeles.” READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future “I got sent these scripts and I was told that 'Craig Mazin wants you to read these scripts. And if you like them, he'd like to talk to you.’” While another starring role in what could be HBO’s biggest new show of 2023 was an exciting prospect, the time difference made the casting process a little difficult for Pascal. The actor was eager to meet with Mazin after enjoying his previous efforts for the network, the acclaimed historical miniseries Chernobyl. Unfortunately, the conversation became a bit of a struggle when Mazin looped in the game’s original director Druckmann later in the evening. “We talked. We fell in love. And they were like, 'Will you stay up a little bit later?’” he told Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show. “At this point, it was getting kind of late in London – 'to talk to Neil Druckmann,' the creator of the video game. “I stay up for that Zoom. At that point, it's really late. I've got to get up in the morning. “I take an Ambien to go to sleep just in case – they've got my adrenaline kind of going and my hopes up.” DON'T MISS:Harrison Ford ‘confirms’ major Jacob Dutton 1923 spoiler [INSIGHT]Fire Country fans ‘in tears’ after emotional Bode and Jake hug [REACTION]Blue Bloods’ Frank Reagan ‘to fire’ grandson after protocol break [THEORY] “But I get a call, and I get told that I got the job after I took the Ambien.” Despite going to bed having been offered the part, Pascal anxiously waited by the phone before congratulatory messages poured in. “I looked at my phone, I was like, 'Oh yeah, I got the job!’” he laughed. Episode four of The Last of Us this Sunday is expected to return to the main narrative after expanding on the tragic story of Bill (Nick Offerman) and Frank (Murray Bartlett). Pascal leads the series as Joel, a middle-aged survivor of a pandemic which has wiped out most of the Earth’s population and turned them into fungal monsters. Joel is still struggling with the loss of his daughter, Sarah (Nico Parker), but the introduction of Ellie brings hope for salvation when she reveals her immunity to the virus. Following the success of the first season so far, HBO has confirmed a second season of The Last of Us, which will adapt the game’s 2020 sequel. The Last of Us season 1 continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and the following Monday on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.