Newcastle have reportedly earmarked Arsenal's Kieran Tierney as one of three top priorities for the summer transfer window. The Magpies are flying high towards the top of the table having lost just twice in the league all season with Eddie Howe earning widespread praise for his leadership at the helm. It's set to be the club's best finish in the English top flight since they clinched fifth under Alan Pardew 11 years ago. There's still a chance they could qualify for next season's Champions League too as Howe's side remain in the hunt for a top-four spot. Newcastle are also in their first domestic cup final since 1999 as they take on Manchester United today for the Carabao Cup trophy. All signs are looking up for Howe's team and with strong investment from the Saudi owners, they're expected to continue their charge at the top of the Premier League. They continued their spending spree last month after bringing in Anthony Gordon from Everton in a deal worth £45million. And the summer transfer window presents another opportunity for Howe to further bolster his options.  According to the Sunday Mirror, Newcastle have three priorities for the end of the season with Arsenal star Tierney seen as a top target. It's claimed that Newcastle are keen to make 'big-name reinforcements' in the summer and Tierney's lack of minutes this season has alerted the Magpies. The Scotland international was Arsenal's go-to left-back after joining from Celtic in 2019, but has dropped to the bench this season with Oleksandr Zinchenko favoured by Mikel Arteta. Tierney is said to be 'open to a move' to St James' Park to join up with Howe's squad if an approach is made.  Newcastle will also look to bring in a young striker in the summer after failing to replace Chris Wood in January. While Wood only joined Nottingham Forest on loan, it looks as though he could be sold at the end of the season. With Alexander Isak and Callum Wilson already in the squad, Howe wants to bring in a young option with bags of potential. It's reported that Brighton striker Evan Ferguson ticks all the boxes for Newcastle's requirements with the 18-year-old enjoying a breakthrough season on the south coast. Bolstering midfield is the final priority for Howe and while the club reportedly retain an interest in James Maddison, it's claimed that Newcastle are also keeping tabs on Bristol City star Alex Scott. The 19-year-old is regarded as one of the brightest prospects in the Championship and can play in a variety of positions.