Katerina Robinson is a comedian who shares funny dating stories and insights with her audience of 45K on TikTok. She recounted to followers her "worst Valentine's Day story" which commenters have said should make her date feel "embarrassed".   The Dine In offer brings the "flavours of your favourite restaurant home" for just £12, including a main, a side, and a starter or dessert big enough for two people.  READ MORE: Americans 'find Meghan Markle phoney, contrived and overdramatic' Katerina explained: "We get to the checkout and he says: 'Do you want to split it?'" The comedian was taken aback and repeated his question to her followers in shock. "Do you want to split it? At a checkout?" she said. "Are you serious? "I totally get splitting the bill if you're actually out having a meal somewhere but at a checkout point and you say to that person: 'Shall we split this?' "Really? Really? Even the sales assistant was looking at me like 'wow, you've really picked a good one there'." Katerina continued: "I am sorry, you can't split when you're at a checkout, you just can't. DON'T MISSAstrologer shares the star sign that is the luckiest in love [INSIGHT]Valentine's Day horoscope - Luckiest city to find successful 'romance' [ANALYSIS]'Genius' hair hack to create gorgeous waves and curls [VIDEO] "One of you pays and then one of you pays the next time, you take turns but no, you don't split at the checkout."  Fellow TikTok users were tickled by the story, with a commenter named Sarah writing: "Split the cost of a ready meal…is the guy not embarrassed!" [SIC] Another commenter named Andrew joked: "Wait [until] he is married with children. No splitting then - you're lucky to have £10 left at end of the week out your wages." [SIC] There were those in favour of the man in the story, however. Jono said: "This is far from unreasonable, champ." Valentine's Day dates, especially those which are first dates, give many people the jitters. According to a survey carried out by Specsavers, having nothing to talk about and awkward moments of silence are the two biggest concerns for Britons heading on first dates. The third biggest first date fear is that the potential suitor may be boring, with others being worried about being stood up. And it turns out there is some reason to fear these things, with 34 percent of those surveyed saying they had been on a date where they had nothing to talk about. A further 20 percent said they had sat through "a boring date" and 14 percent actually got stood up. The study also found that while 48 percent feared going on a first date, 46 percent were already worried about meeting the in-laws, and 48 percent were nervous about their first kiss.