A man who accidentally killed his friend before dumping his body on the roadside has been jailed for 20 years. Chiragh Chiragh shot and killed 28-year-old Mohamed Muhyidin while sitting behind him in a parked car on October 31, 2021. The vehicle was stationed outside a flat used as a base for a number of people to take and deal drugs. At around 4.45am, the 39-year-old left the flat on Harlington High Street in London and, armed with a submachine gun, joined Mohamed in the car. As Chiragh got out of the car, the gun discharged, shooting Mohamed. Scrambling to get out of the car, Chiragh dropped the silencer, and the gun was seen to fire several more times into the ground. After Mohamed was shot, Chiragh dumped his body by the side of the road on Sipson Lane near Heathrow Airport, where it was discovered by a passing taxi driver, reports MyLondon.  Police were tipped off that the shooting was linked to the car parking area near the flats in Harlington. After a sweep, they recovered a number of bullet cartridges at the scene, and the silencer was located in the nearby flat used by those involved. Detective Inspector Lucy Carberry, from the Met’s Specialist Crime Command, said: "Chiragh may not have intended to harm Mohamed Muhiyidin, but it is clear that he, and his associates, were intent on harming someone that day." Another man, Mohammed Shakeel, and a 17-year-old boy were in the flat on Harlington High Street with Chiragh. At around 6pm on the same day of the shooting, the 17-year-old drove the car to Trout Lane, West Drayton. He walked to a nearby petrol station and purchased a canister of fuel before setting the car ablaze. Detective Inspector Carberry from the Met Police, said: "Chiragh was armed with a lethal weapon and Shakeel with an imitation firearm prior to Mohamed’s death, which was seen on CCTV. "Post shooting, they then colluded and conspired in an attempt to cover up what had happened to Mohamed. "All played their part in this tragic story and all have quite rightly been made to face the consequences of their actions." Chiragh, of Paulhan Road in Harrow, was found guilty of manslaughter and possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life. He had previously pleaded guilty to two counts of possession of a prohibited weapon and perverting the course of justice. On Friday, February 10, he received a 25-year sentence made up of 20 years in prison followed by an extended five years on licence. Two-thirds of his sentence must be served before parole is considered. Shakeel, 29, of of Cape Close in Barking, was found guilty of perverting the course of justice. He had previously pleaded guilty to possession of an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear of violence. He was sentenced to a total of five years and four months' imprisonment. The 17-year-old boy, who pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice at an earlier hearing was sentenced to a youth rehabilitation order for two years.