After a disappointing 2022, Toto Wolff and his Mercedes team will be out to make up the ground - and get their hands back on the world championship - that they lost to their rivals at Red Bull. Mercedes' period of dominance within the sport has come to an end after Red Bull won both the drivers’ and constructors’ title last year. Prior to the last campaign, the Silver Arrows had won eight constructors’ crowns on the bounce, a run that began back in 2014. 2022 was all about Red Bull though, as with the help of back-to-back world champion Max Verstappen, the Milton Keynes-based team ended the Mercedes dominance. And there is no doubt team principal Christian Horner and star man Verstappen will be out to do the same this term, starting in Bahrain this week. The Silver Arrows have plenty of ground to make up on Red Bull, but if pre-season testing has been anything to go by it could be more of the same for the defending champions. Red Bull have been backed by many as the top pre-season performers, and two-time world champion Verstappen seems to be more than happy with his car’s results. Speaking ahead of the season opener this week, the Dutchman revealed it had been a ‘very positive’ few days in testing. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton title hopes written off already as 'serious problems' spotted at Mercedes Per ESPN, he said: “The car is working really well. Just going through a lot of things that we wanted to try, and everything is very interesting, what we have been trying. So very positive days for me. And just in general enjoying driving the car." That is no doubt a worry for Mercedes, and the rest of the F1 paddock. Similarly for the Silver Arrows, there appeared to be some positives, with their long-suffering porpoising problem seemingly gone. There does however seem to be a long way to go for Wolff’s team, with star man Hamilton admitting they have a ‘mountain to climb’ after the final day of testing. DON'T MISS: Horner raises Mercedes suspicions after Hamilton's 'unplanned' meeting He commented: “We realise that we have a mountain to climb and no one's fussed, everyone has just kept their heads down so I'm really proud of that." It may not just be Red Bull who Mercedes will be chasing, with Sky Sports F1 expert Ted Kravitz believing the Silver Arrows are also behind both Ferrari and Aston Martin ahead of Bahrain. Listing who he thinks were pre-season’s best performers, Kravitz said: “I'm going to be slightly reticent and say that Aston Martin are third and Mercedes are fourth at the moment. We need to see a big step from Mercedes over the next few days for them to be solidly third." Hamilton and Mercedes will be out to close the gap to Red Bull as the Brit finally bids to get revenge for missing out on the 2021 title in such controversial circumstances.