Chelsea boss Graham Potter will be desperate for the Blues to return to winning ways against cross-city rivals Tottenham on Sunday afternoon in order to ease the growing pressure on his shoulders at Stamford Bridge. The former Brighton manager has endured a turbulent time of things in west London thus far but will be hoping to win over some of his doubters with an important victory at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.Express Sport takes a look at the Chelsea side that could be tasked with picking up all three points against Tottenham later today... Kepa Arrizabalaga will be given the nod between the sticks by Potter, with Edouard Mendy still recovering from a broken finger suffered in training at the start of January. The latter is expected to return to action over the next few weeks but will not be ready to play against Tottenham, leaving Kepa as the obvious choice to start for Chelsea ahead of back-up option Marcus Bettinelli.The Spaniard has kept three clean sheets in his last six Premier League outings for the Blues and will be hoping to register another shut-out against Tottenham over the course of today's game, although it will be easier said than done to keep the likes of Harry Kane and Son Heung-min at bay for the duration of the 90 minutes. JUST IN: Lucy Frazer warns spending by top football clubs is 'unsustainable' Potter is likely to recall Reece James and Thiago Silva to his starting line-up against Tottenham after the duo were rested against Southampton last weekend. The pair have arguably been Chelsea's best players over the course of this season and will be tasked with keeping things tight at the back, while James will also be needed to contribute to his side's attacking threat on the right flank.Marc Cucurella may also be in line to return at left-back in place of Ben Chilwell, although the latter could still be deployed in the position after being given the nod against the Saints last time around. Meanwhile, it seems as though Benoit Badiashile will again be chosen to start at centre-back alongside Silva as he continues to find his feet in the Premier League since joining Chelsea from Monaco last month. Enzo Fernandez has shown glimpses of his talent on the ball since moving to west London in January and should be given another chance to strut his stuff against Tottenham, who will find it hard to contain the Argentine playmaker if he turns up for the Blues. He could be partnered with Mateo Kovacic in the engine room to provide some much-needed stability as Chelsea look to ensure they win the midfield battle, which would boost their hopes of coming out on top in north London.Joao Felix, meanwhile, could be given the nod in the No 10 role ahead of Mason Mount after the latter failed to impress against Southampton last weekend. Mount has emerged as something of a scapegoat at Chelsea in recent months but was genuinely off the pace last time around and may be reduced to a spot on the bench as a result of his sub-par performance. There might not be enough room in the Chelsea side against Tottenham for Mykhaylo Mudryk, who impressed on his debut against Liverpool last month but has not really clicked at Stamford Bridge as of yet. He could be named on the bench by Potter this afternoon, with Noni Madueke and Raheem Sterling perhaps the better options to start on the flanks for the Blues at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.Kai Havertz should be tasked with leading Chelsea's attacking charge in the role of centre-forward, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang having fallen off the radar after not featuring in any of the club's last three matchday squads. David Datro Fofana would be the other candidate to feature up top but is more likely to be included among the substitutes and will be looking to make a quick impact if he is called upon towards the end of the game.Possible Chelsea XI vs Tottenham (4-2-3-1) - Kepa; James, Silva, Badiashile, Cucurella; Fernandez, Kovacic; Madueke, Felix, Sterling; Havertz.