A Russian general who cracked down on anti-war protesters, journalists and opposition activists has reportedly committed suicide a month after Vladimir Putin fired him from his position, according to local police. 72-year-old Major General Vladimir Makarov played a crucial role in organising the "hunt" for individuals the Kremlin viewed as a threat in his role as deputy chief of the Russian police's anti-extremism unit. Makarov allegedly shot himself in the head at his home using a gas-operated hunting rifle, according to unnamed sources linked to Russia security forces and quoted by the Baza Telegram channel. He was reportedly forced to retire as deputy head of the Main Directorate for Combating Extremism, a department established in 2008 that persecutes protesters and monitors opposition sentiment on social media. Makarov’s wife found his body with gunshot wounds to the head on Monday morning outside their suburban home in Golikovo, northwest of Moscow, according to the Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper, whose editor is close to Putin. The daily newspaper reported: "The nature of the injuries suggested that he committed suicide. It is known that firearms were kept in the house."   His alleged suicide follows a slew of similar deaths viewed to be suicides among senior Russian security figures. Lev Sotskov, a former major general from the Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR), and Yevgeny Lobachev, a retired major general from the Federal Security Service (FSB), were reportedly found dead in separate incidents last summer in what were believed to be suicides. Relatives said Makarov became sad a month ago after quitting his work and "could not find a use for himself in civilian life," according to the independent Telegram channel VChK-OGPU. Makarov is said to have worked at financial institutions in Moscow, including the Academy of Economic Security before moving on to the Department for Combating Organized Crime at the Ministry of Internal Affairs, also known as 'Centre E'. READ MORE: Putin's forces 'holding 6,000 Ukrainian children' in camps The unit, whose official goal is to combat corruption, organised crime and extremism, has been accused of monitoring anti-Kremlin activists, harassing them at rallies, and spying on opposition politicians. It has often branded the term "extremism" to justify the arrests of opposition figures or groups such as jailed Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny's Anti-Corruption Foundation, or media outlets that have been banned for organising anti-government protests or spreading information deemed harmful to the state. Since its invasion of Ukraine, the Kremlin has tightened its control over Russian media, enacting stringent censorship laws that allow it to manage the narrative surrounding what Mr Putin has dubbed his "special military operation." DON'T MISS:Putin massing fighter jets for 'aerial attack on Ukraine' [REPORT] Putin facing ‘critical weakness’ in Ukraine with tanks shortage [REPORT] Putin sends nuclear-warships to the Arctic for first time in decades [REPORT] Many of the last remaining independent media outlets in Russia and their journalists have been labelled "foreign agents" and "undesirable organisations" as a result of the crackdown, effectively making it illegal for newspapers to run in Russia. Maria Ponomarenko is one of the latest known victims of the crackdown. She has been sentenced to six years in a penal colony for posting on social media about a deadly attack by Russian forces on a theatre in Mariupol. A court in Barnaul, Siberia, found her guilty of spreading "fake news" under laws enacted to suppress dissent over the invasion of Ukraine. READ NEXT:We have to bury Russian dead - they leave them to rotCaptured Wagner soldier tells how convicts used as 'cannon fodder' Putin enjoys oil boom as Russia sanctions fail to dent Kremlin coffersLukashenko 'helped Putin’s invasion plans’, exiled Belarus politicianPutin classifies files that 'prove' he's 'been treated for cancer'