Strong winds of up to 75mph are expected to tear into parts of the UK in a matter of hours. Storm Otto is set to unleash its wrath on parts of Scotland, and potentially northern England, tomorrow. The Met Office has issued two weather warnings for wind which come into place at 3am and 5am respectively - lasting well into the late afternoon. Among the risks to people living in these areas, the forecaster said injuries could be caused by flying debris - which includes a heightened risk of loose roof tiles soaring off of buildings. Storm Otto, which has been named by the Danish Meteorological Institute is set to wreak the most havoc on Denmark - but that doesn't mean the UK will escape it. Northern Scotland will be hit hardest with winds pushing 75mph. In northern England this will downgrade slightly to between 45 to 55mph - but the Met Office is still urging people to be weather aware as they unveil the first named storm of the season. The Met Office's warning says: "A spell of very strong winds is expected to affect Scotland during Friday morning, easing from the west during the afternoon. "Gusts of 60-70 mph are likely, and possibly as high as 80mph for exposed coasts and hills, particularly for the far north and northeast of mainland Scotland and Orkney." For north east England it adds: "A spell of very strong winds is expected during Friday morning, easing from the west during the afternoon.    "Winds will be strongest over, and immediately to the east of high ground, with gusts of 55-65 mph. Gusts as high as 75 mph are possible, particularly for some of the more exposed trans-Pennine routes. High-sided vehicles may be particularly impacted." In terms of what to expect, the Met Office says there is a risk of flying debris, which is prompting a "danger to life" warning. Road, rail, air and ferry services may also be affected, with longer journey times and cancellations possible. Potential impacts highlighted in the warning also the likelihood of large waves, especially in North Sea coasts. "High-sided vehicles may be particularly prone in this set-up", it added. Some roads and bridges may suddenly close for safety reasons, and some homes may be subject to sudden power outages. Mobile phone coverage may also be disrupted. In guidance issued by the forecaster, it urges people to be mindful of driving during times of strong winds which can "unsettle vehicles". In this scenario, drivers will need to "grip steering wheels with both hands" - a move which has been labelled as important when trying to overtake. READ MORE: Met Office issues weather warning as snow could return to UK in days  "Keep an eye out for gaps between trees, buildings or bridges over a river or railway," the forecaster added. "These are some of the places you are more likely to be exposed to side winds. "Ensure that you maintain enough room either side of your vehicle so you can account for it being blown sideways." Met Office chief meteorologist Andy Page said the current warnings may be amended as the storm begins to ramp up. He said: “Storm Otto will bring high winds and rain to the UK, with some northern parts of Scotland and the northeast of England likely to get the strongest gusts of wind, possibly in excess of 75mph. Warnings have been issued and could be updated as Storm Otto develops. "There’s a chance of travel disruption and high-sided vehicles could be particularly prone to disrupted plans in this set-up. There’s associated rain with Storm Otto, with 40-50 mm of rain likely to fall over parts of western Scotland."   The good news is Storm Otto is set to be relatively short-lived, with conditions settling down again in time for the weekend. According to the Met Office, it says: "Once Storm Otto has passed the UK late on Friday, the set-up for the weekend weather is largely unsettled, with a mix of cloud and rain likely on Saturday. "There’s a chance of some cool conditions overnight in Scotland on Saturday, which would increase the likelihood of ice forming for some. "Sunday will see some clearer spells for a time early on, albeit with showers possible in northwestern areas, before some more persistent rain looks to build in from the north late on Sunday." 