Newcastle United winger Allan Saint-Maximin is set to continue with a cloud of uncertainty over his future, as reports suggest that the Magpies are yet to provide him with a 'guarantee' on what lies ahead at the end of the season. Saint-Maximin was heavily linked to AC Milan last month, although further details on the talks that took place suggest that he was always destined to remain at St James' Park. The Frenchman is now into his fourth season as a Newcastle player, having quickly become a fan favourite after signing from Nice in 2019. The 25-year-old's electric and unpredictable style of play makes him one of the most entertaining players to watch in the Premier League. Saint-Maximin notched five goals last campaign but his output has dried up this term. The unexpected form of Miguel Almiron and Joelinton's encouraging performances on the opposite flank have also left him out of a starting spot. Various injuries have caused Saint-Maximin to miss a host of games over the past 12 months, and he only has four Premier League starts to his name this season. JUST IN: Man Utd new boy Weghorst falls flat but sub pays off in Forest win Despite delighting crowds in the north-east, the former France U21 international was linked with a move to AC Milan during the January window. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has suggested that speculation could reignite during the summer, too, by claiming that nothing is 'guaranteed' for the player's future. Newcastle were supposedly against the idea of Saint-Maximin leaving midway through the season, despite the signing of Anthony Gordon from Everton giving manager Eddie Howe extra options in wide areas. Rumours aside, Saint-Maximin's move to the San Siro was reportedly 'not advanced'. DON'T MISS...Chelsea ruin chances of signing PSG trio after Hakim Ziyech 'shambles'All 14 players Everton failed to sign on transfer deadline dayArsenal boss Arteta's best XI after January transfer window The Magpies' winter transfer business was modest compared to their extensive recruitment in the summer. Gordon arrived in a big-money £45million deal, while moves for youngsters Harrison Ashby and Garang Kuol were also confirmed. Newcastle have raised peanuts in terms of player sales since the summer, however, which could give them an incentive to cash in on Saint-Maximin come the end of the season. The former Saint-Etienne youth prospect is valued at over £35m, which could go some way to ensuring the Magpies have enough cash to keep spending under current FFP restrictions.  On the window just gone, Howe admitted: "No window is perfect, and I don’t think this window has been perfect for us. That’s just the reality of the situation. I think we’ve signed two really talented young players, and I’m really pleased with those signings. "We were disappointed to lose Chris Wood and Jonjo Shelvey, but you have to respect players’ wishes as well and it’s not always about what the club wants. You have to look at things from a position of everybody’s needs and wants. We’re maybe light in a couple of areas, but we do have a lot of quality within the squad."