Alexander Dreymon is reprising his legendary role as Uhtred of Bebbanburg in the Netflix film, Seven Kings Must Die. In the follow-up movie, he must ride once more across a fractured kingdom with some familiar faces. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about The Last Kingdom film.  Seven Kings Must Die will air on Netflix on Friday, April 14, and is produced by Carnival Films which made the original series. The film is written by Martha Hillier, produced by Nigel Marchant, Gareth Neame and Mat Chaplin, and directed by Ed Bazalgette. Alexander Dreymon and Martha Hillier serve as Executive Producers for the next part of the franchise. Alexander said: “It has been such an honor to be part of telling this story for all these years. As an actor, I have been so challenged and gratified by the privilege of playing Uhtred." READ MORE: The Last Kingdom fell victim to glaring costume plot hole   Following the death of King Edward, a battle for the crown ensues, as rival heirs and invaders compete for power. When an alliance comes seeking Uhtred’s help, Uhtred faces a choice between those he cares for most and the dream of forming a united England. Alexander continued: “Hanging up Uhtred’s sword after filming Seven Kings felt, ironically, heavy - even though I know that our tale has reached its conclusion. "As an EP on the show, I could not be more proud of the hundreds of people who spent thousands of hours to make the best product possible.  "As for our loyal fans…what can I say? You are the reason we’ve reached this point and got to bring our saga to the end. "This, as it always has been, is for you.” The feature-length film will see the return of Harry Gilby as Aethelstan and Rod Hallett as King Constantin. Ewan Horrocks is expected to return as Aelfweard, with Zak Sutcliffe as Edmund. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom film theory sees Aethelstan kills his brother The Last Kingdom film Seven Kings Must Die cast list is expanding The Last Kingdom film theory sees Archbishop of Canterbury introduced  According to the film's IMDb page, viewers will also see Ross Anderson as Domnal and Tom Christian as Dunstan. Mark Rowley and Arnas Fedaravicius are also listed to return as Uhtred's loyal friends, Finan and Sihtric. A series of first-look images have been released and they show Uhtred with his companions, which fans of the trio will be delighted to see. In another photo, the three warriors look as though they are in trouble as they work together to pull a heavy weight.  Another image shows Uhtred sitting around a fire with some other characters as he contemplates his next move. Finan is then seen on his horse as he wears a stern expression, and he is likely to play a major role in the film. Alexander took to Instagram to thank fans of the original series which has been listed as one of the most-streamed, ranking at number 14. He shared: "@hollywoodreporter’s list of most streamed original series of 2022 across all platforms. Thank you all so much for watching!" Seven Kings Must Die airs on Netflix on April 14