Liverpool star Cody Gakpo was name-checked by boss Jurgen Klopp for his "really strong" performance after watching his side beat Everton 2-0 on Monday night, which is a testament to the Dutchman's recent improvement in an unfamiliar role. And after watching their £50million January signing initially struggle to adapt to life in the Premier League, his goal could be the watershed moment that kickstarts his Anfield career. Scoring your first goal for the club in the Merseyside derby is one way to endear yourself to the supporters, with Gakpo tapping home from a Trent Alexander-Arnold cross to make sure of the points. But that alone won't be enough to convince Liverpool fans that Gakpo will be a success, as Peter Crouch proved when he played for the club. There are parallels to be drawn between how Gakpo and Crouch have started their Liverpool careers, and some obvious distinctions to be made. Both players are tall in stature and therefore not blessed with agility, but their presence up front as the central striker is something the team has lacked. Gakpo has proved to be perhaps the more quaint member of the new Liverpool frontline, composed of the single-minded Mohamed Salah and fiery Darwin Nunez. He is the glue that holds the front three together, dropping deep as a false nine to link the play in midfield and supply his fellow forwards, and that will make him a likeable figure - just like Crouch and Roberto Firmino. READ MORE: Klopp hails 'different level' Salah in Liverpool win over Everton But goals will be expected if he is to occupy that role, and his return of one goal in seven appearances does not indicate the 23-year-old is likely to be prolific. Only recently, Gakpo admitted he was bothered by his lack of goals, having scored 13 this season for his previous club PSV. “The guys who say it doesn’t affect them when they don’t score are lying. I am an attacking player so, of course, I like to score goals or give assists - and I also like to win,” he said before facing Everton. “I am just trying to improve my game and fit how I play into how the team plays. If I can do that, the rest will follow.” Gakpo may have seen his confidence affected his goal-shy run, but Crouch was hardly prolific when the towering 6ft 7 striker joined the Reds in 2005. He failed to find the net in his first 19 matches and, while his hold-up play was appreciated, that wasn't enough to justify a starting place under Rafa Benitez - a man who appreciated "facts" more than anyone. DON'T MISSLiverpool ace Cody Gakpo makes worrying comment after Van Dijk chatLiverpool icon Carragher names three reasons he is 'baffled' by GakpoLiverpool new boy Cody Gakpo told he made Anfield mistake by Koeman But once he ended his goal drought against Wigan, he couldn't stop scoring. He ended the season with 13 goals in all competitions, which represented quite a remarkable recovery given his initial dismal run in front of goal, and eventually earned a reputation for scoring important goals in Europe with 11 in 30 outings overall. Ultimately, Crouch earned his cult status by working tirelessly to dispel fears that a player of his size couldn't cut it at a big club. Now it is Gakpo's turn to demonstrate that his own tag - the theory that Dutch footballers from the Eredivisie cannot cut it in the top flight - is a myth too. Finding the net against Everton is one of the final acts that Crouch achieved as a Reds cult hero before moving on to Portsmouth, which helped the club secure Champions League football for the following season. And it could prove to be a good omen for Gakpo if he too can guide his new club towards a top-four finish this season by scoring on a regular basis.