Alzheimer’s describes a gradual decline of brain functions that severely threatens an individual’s independence over time. Though there is still no cure for the disease, people are strongly advised to modify risk factors to delay the disease's onset. New findings suggest risk factors may comprise six viral infections that are widely seen in the general population. The latest findings, published in the journal Neuron, have warned that viral infections contracted early in life could pave the way for neurodegenerative diseases like Parkinson’s and dementia. The findings were deduced from an analysis of 300,000 patients whose medical records were assessed to see who had one of six neurodegenerative diseases. During the analysis, it transpired that generalised dementia had the most poignant association with viral exposure. READ MORE: Walking an extra 30 minutes daily could cut dementia risk by 21% He explained: “Over the years, several lab-based experiments have suggested that viruses may be a risk factor for neurodegenerative disorders. “What struck us is that we were able to obtain similar results by data mining medical records.” Though the findings have pointed out a correlation, they are unable to prove any causal link. Dr Nall added: “At this point, we are not addressing the mechanistic link, we are simply showing an association - a lot more work needs to be done. READ MORE: Marital status may determine the risk of dementia says study “The results of this study provide researchers with several new critical pieces of the neurodegenerative disorder puzzle." He added: “In the future, we plan to use the latest data science tool to not only find more pieces but also help researchers how those pieces, including genes and other risk factors, fit together.” Scientists have long suggested that a potential mechanism underpinning the link between viral conditions and dementia is inflammation. There’s a wealth of evidence showing how detrimental viral inflammation is for various aspects of a person’s health, including the cardiovascular and respiratory systems. Viral agents may also be capable of reaching the brain. The Alzheimer’s Society explains that when viral agents reach the brain, they may activate specific immune cells known as microglia. “When microglia are activated, they can cause inflammation in the brain,” explains the health body. “This type of inflammation is thought to be involved in the progression of dementia by causing nerve cell death.”