Manchester United star Casemiro has shut down critics who suggested he’d only joined from Real Madrid for financial reasons. The Brazil international put in an impressive display as the Red Devils beat Newcastle 2-0 in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. And the Samba star has also shown his elite mentality with his comment after the showdown at Wembley. Casemiro put United ahead in the capital, with the Brazil international heading home after a pinpoint delivery from Luke Shaw. And Marcus Rashford also netted, with the England star bagging his 25th goal of the campaign in the process. Casemiro was immense throughout the game and picked up the man of the match award after winning his first trophy at the club. And, speaking in the aftermath of the contest, the 31-year-old insisted he’d only ever joined United to win trophies - despite what critics have previously said. "People who already know me understand I go after the ball as if it's a plate of food," he said. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players "This is my character, that didn't happen because it was a final or whatever. I attack every ball as if it was the last one. "I celebrate like this because I'm enjoying it here. I left a great club, came to England and people wondered why. “Moments like these are the answer. We all know this is only the beginning, but it doesn't mean we can't be happy. "It's one more trophy for me and I always welcome it, regardless of the competition." United have now ended a six-year wait for a trophy, while they remain in contention to win a historic quadruple. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes But Casemiro was keen to call for patience, insisting they remain behind rivals such as Arsenal and Manchester City. "We're growing and gaining respect in this country,” added the veteran. "But it's early days and we have to keep improving. We can't hide there are teams ahead of us like Manchester City and Arsenal. "We have to deal with this reality, but we're understanding our manager's philosophy and we will keep growing. “My history has always been about winning since I was a kid, so here it isn't any different. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’m here to help my team-mates and Manchester United." Meanwhile, Casemiro seemed to berate Bruno Fernandes after the United star refused to pass late on. And Keane said he ‘liked’ the incident on Sky Sports, saying: "Are they arguing there? "Yep, maybe. I like that. I don't know what they're arguing about, but it shows they care." Fernandes himself spoke out and admitted he was delighted at helping United to win a first trophy since 2017. “It’s always incredible to be a Red, it doesn’t matter if you win or not, it’s always incredible,” he said. “You see the support they [fans] give us in difficult moments, and now it’s time for them to have some joy also because they’ve been behind us through the worst and now they deserve this. They deserve to be in this position with us. “It’s been amazing [to win the Carabao Cup]. First trophy of the season, but we want more. We want more. “This is not enough for this club, we want and we need more, because, for our standing, we need more. “For me, it was about winning trophies. Finally we did it, but I want more. I want much more.”