Fruit and veg prices will grow to sky-high proportions, experts warned yesterday after Tesco and Aldi became the latest supermarkets to ration produce. As panic buyers stripped greengrocery shelves, the retailers followed the example of Morrisons and Asda, who announced two and three-per-customer limits on some items earlier this week.  Tesco said it would be rationing tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers but was working hard to ensure a good supply of fresh fruit and veg. Aldi said: “We’re limiting purchases of peppers, cucumbers and tomatoes...to ensure as many customers as possible can buy what they need.” Other supermarkets are also now understood to be considering similar temporary measures. An initial shortage of tomatoes has widened to include other produce due to bad weather and transport problems in Africa and Europe.  But Clive Black, a top analyst at broker Shore Capital One, said the shortages could send fruit and veg prices soaring as retailers scramble for stock. He said the bad weather in Spain had come at a low point in the UK’s growing season, creating a “perfect storm, leading to sky-high prices for tomatoes and cucumbers”. While shelves were looking empty in the big stores, smaller shops seemed fully stocked. But Tom Hagon, of family-run Bristol greengrocer Reg The Veg, said prices of salad items were the highest he had ever seen in his 17 years in the trade. He added: “I am able to purchase the stock but at a cost.”  Mr Hagon said rising prices are not uncommon at his time of year when the UK is “waiting for Dutch stock to come through”. But he fears those supplies, due next month, could be delayed if Dutch growers are reluctant to heat greenhouses because of high energy costs. Yosef Azizi, the owner of Preston Market stall Super Veg, has not yet put up his prices. However, that may not last. He said: “We have plenty of stock – but the prices we’re paying are dear. Andrew Opie, of the British Retail Consortium, which represents supermarkets, assured shoppers that retailers were doing all they could to keep supplies going. He said: “While disruption is expected to last a few weeks, supermarkets are adept at managing supply chain issues and are working with farmers to ensure customers are able to access a wide range of fresh produce. “In the meantime, some stores are introducing temporary limits on the number of products customers can buy to ensure availability for everyone.”  When Environment Secretary Therese Coffey was asked about supermarket rationing yesterday, she simply responded by saying: “We can’t control the weather in Spain.” In a speech at the National Farmers’ Union conference in Birmingham, Ms Coffey stressed the need for biosecurity but left before discussing the shortages. Replying to her comment about the weather, NFU president Minette Batters, said: “No, but we can be encouraging these guys to be producing here – and I’m conscious that’s something that we really need to hone in on.” Meanwhile, figures out today show pubs and restaurants saw the cost of some food supplies leap by 22 percent last month – slightly down from the 22.9 percent jump in December, according to the CGA Prestige Foodservice Price Index. But prices for oils and fats rocketed by 42.2 percent, while milk, cheese and eggs rose by 37.7 percent. 