Bob Geldof spoke to This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield about everything from Band Aid to the death of bandmate Gary Roberts. However, what caught the attention of listeners was the fact the hosts had not corrected him when he misgendered Sam Smith. They took to social media to vent their frustration over the error. Sam Smith identifies as non-binary and has asked others to use the pronouns 'they/them' when addressing the star. Appearing on This Morning, Bob had said: "Sam Smith, I remember him at the microphone had his eyes closed, and he was singing away to the song, and I said 'Sam, they're not the words'. "He goes, 'oh yeah, sorry'. Because we had re-written the words for I think the Ebola crisis in west Africa. "And he says 'sorry', so off he goes, he closes his eyes again and he starts singing the original words. READ MORE: Sam Smith was spat at in the street after coming out as non-binary "I said 'Sam', and he goes 'oh yes, sorry, every year in school I have to sing this song'." He laughed with the presenters before Holly commented: "It's go engrained." Viewers took to Twitter to slam the hosts for not apologising for Bob's mistake or correcting him. When one viewer pointed out a separate misgendering, Mathew Hulbert responded: "This follows on from #ThisMorning using the wrong pronouns for them today. Our media must do better!" "Holly and Phil should have pulled him up on that. Ridiculous," one commented. Another said: "He's on national TV and speaking about Sam Smith. You'd think someone would brief him on Sam's gender identity or at least correct him. Painful watch." "Disappointed to hear Bob Geldof misgendering Bob to be honest. People need to get with the times," another added. Kevin McCallum fumed: "Just seen that clip of Bob Geldof talking about Sam Smith. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan tells Sam Smith to 'shut up' over 'fisher-them' dream Holly Willoughby runs off This Morning after coughing fit ITV fear Holly Willoughby will quit This Morning role "Absolutely raging doesn’t even begin to describe how I’m feeling right now." Express.co.uk has contacted both This Morning and Bob Geldof's representatives for comment. This is not the first time the singer has been referred to as 'he' by mistake during interviews. Sam corrected The One Show host Alex Jones after she asked them about their dreams of becoming a "fisherman". The singer said: "I do love fishing. I’d love to be a fisherthem. "I’d be any time of fisherthem. One day I’d just like to end my days fishing.” Fans of the musician also called out a 2023 Grammy Awards red carpet reporter for making the same mistake. One person reacted: “Everyone using the wrong pronouns for Sam Smith is bothering me.” Another said: “Someone tell the reporters to use the right pronouns for Sam Smith !!!!” This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays from 10am.