A woman who died after suffering severe burns told paramedics her husband "threw liquid on her" before "setting her on fire", an inquest has heard.  Nosheen Akhtar died after she was engulfed in flames following an incident at her home in Bury, Manchester in July 2021. The court heard that the 31-year-old had "poured petrol on herself" after she became "angry" at her husband, Manchester Evening News reports.  Giving evidence at Rochdale Coroner's Court, Ms Akhtar's brother-in-law, Hasnain Mahmood said he saw her pour a "white spirit" over herself before the incident when she told him she "wanted to kill herself". He said an "angry" Ms Akhtar came into the room swearing at her husband Waqas Mahmood, accusing him of contacting his ex-wife. He told the court he left the house but Mr Mahmood came out saying Ms Akhtar was "going to light the house on fire". He ran into the kitchen where he described seeing her pouring a white liquid over herself. He told the court: “I asked her ‘what are you doing?’. She said ‘I want to kill myself. I want to light myself on fire.'" A little while later Ms Akhtar left the couple to "sort their stuff out" but heard "screaming". He said: "I’ve come back in and she was in flames." Ms Akhtar was rushed to hospital while Mr Mahmood suffered several blisters to his hands. READ MORE: Woman sacked on first day of work after showing her 'broken teeth' A post-mortem revealed that Ms Akhtar had suffered "widespread burns to her body" and the cause of death was down to "burns and inhalation of the products of combustion". The inquest heard from Zahra Khan, one of the people who tried to help Ms Akhtar after she was engulfed in flames. She told the court: “They were saying she was not in the right in the head mentally. “They kept saying she has not done it because of Waqas. They have no problems.” The inquest continues. The inquest also heard that in February 2021 Ms Akhtar was taken to hospital after taking an overdose telling medics she has done it after her husband threatened to leave her. Ms Akhtar's mother, Zaheera Bibi told the court her daughter would ring and "cry on the phone" because she was "fed up". She said: "She wanted to make her marriage successful and she wanted to do whatever she could do to save her marriage". Call the Samaritans free on 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org, or call the suicide prevention charity Papyrus: 0800 068 4141.  