King Charles’ plan for a “PR-crisis-free” Coronation would see Prince Harry and Meghan Markle play a central role, a royal commentator has claimed. Charles, 74, will hold his Coronation celebrations between May 6 and May 8, an event celebrated nationwide with a new bank holiday planned.  However, the King has been facing a conundrum in recent weeks after his youngest son Prince Harry released his memoir ‘Spare’ and appeared on primetime television for a series of tell-all interviews. But reports indicate Charles is planning to invite his beloved son the event. Writing for the New Zealand Herald, royal columnist Daniela Elser discussed this, suggesting Charles will ensure Harry and Meghan have "decent seats". “Charles wants Harry and Meghan inside Westminster Abbey for his big day and is willing to give the Sussexes decent seats and not stick them behind a convenient pillar or random German cousin who is unusually tall, all in the name of a PR-crisis-free Coronation,” she said. Elsa, an experienced journalist and royal commentator, added: “Which is not to say that the Duke and Duchess of Netflix are keen as mustard to play ball and are currently teaching their children Archie and Lili how to bow and curtsy.” JUST IN: Archie unlikely to attend King's Coronation with Meghan and Harry for five key reasons   Despite stepping away from the Firm, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have attended important royal functions. The pair were present at Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations and later returned to the UK for the late monarch’s funeral. However, the father-of-two emphatically rejected the prospect of returning to the Firm’s fold during an interview with CBS’ Anderson Cooper. Speaking to ITV’s Tom Brady, the 38-year-old also claimed the Royal Family have shown “absolutely no willingness to reconcile” but added he wants his father and brother “back”. READ MORE: Harry wanted to hold press conference to insist ‘I didn’t cheat’ after ‘accusation stuck’   Express.co.uk has approached Buckingham Palace and the Sussexes for comment. 