Tottenham have failed in their attempts to bring in Ben Foster as an emergency replacement for Hugo Lloris with the Premier League reportedly blocking the move from taking place. Fraser Forster is deputising for Lloris after the Frenchman suffered a knee injury against Manchester City. The Spurs skipper is not expected back until April, leaving Tottenham short of options in goal. Brandon Austin was named on the bench for the first time in the Premier League this season for Tottenham's defeat to Leicester. The 24-year-old is yet to make an appearance for Tottenham and Spurs are seemingly keen to bring in an experienced back-up to Forster for the next few months. According to the Daily Mail, Spurs had settled on Foster as their choice to come in on a temporary basis. Clubs require special dispensation to sign players outside of the transfer window. But the report claims Tottenham have been so far been denied the opportunity to sign any new goalkeeper by Premier League.  Foster, who announced his retirement from football last season, has admitted that he supported Tottenham as a boy. The 39-year-old also recently revealed that Newcastle tried to tempt him out of retirement to come in as back-up for Nick Pope. “Deep down I didn’t want to do it,” he said. “It sounds mad and it’s such a hard thing to explain because there’ll be millions of people up and down the country that will say ‘you’ve just been offered a contract, a really good contract, by the richest team in the world to go and be second-choice goalkeeper and be part of something.’  “But I just didn’t want to do it, I had this deep feeling, and the wrench of it was that I’d have to move away from home, that would kill me. If I’m in an apartment in Newcastle by myself, away from my family, I don’t think people can understand. That’s hard to do, especially at the age I am and with everything else I’ve got going on. “I know for a fact if I’d have gone there I’d have had an amazing time, the lads would have been absolutely brilliant and I’d have buzzed off the stadium, the fans, all that kind of stuff, but the overriding sinking feeling was ‘I don’t want to do this.'” It means Forster and Austin will remain as Tottenham's only two options in goal for the foreseeable future. Forster made only his second Premier League start since joining Tottenham last summer at the weekend in the 4-1 defeat to Leicester.