Arsenal are poised to revisit their hunt for a big-name midfielder this summer after a host of top targets fell by the wayside in January. The Gunners eventually plumped for Jorginho on deadline day and the Brazilian has already made an impact, but Express Sport takes you through seven other midfield stars who are likely to be on Mikel Arteta's hit list at the end of the season... Arsenal aren't the only team who may consider the West Ham captain their top target this summer. The Hammers are supposedly resigned to losing the England star in a move that could net them north of £100million, and Arteta has supposedly drawn up plans on how to phase Rice into his starting XI. The Brighton man's stock has gone through the roof since he started every game of Argentina's mesmerising World Cup win. A slightly cheaper option at £70m, the Gunners will reportedly have to fend off competition from Manchester City, Chelsea and Liverpool to land the 24-year-old. JUST IN: Phil Neville breaks silence on Lionel Messi's rumoured move to MLS Top clubs have been tracking the Belgian for what feels like an eternity, and he will finally be at liberty to leave Leicester City on a free transfer when his contract expires at the end of the season. Arsenal's interest in the former Monaco star is said to have cooled, although they may yet turn their attention back towards Tielemans if more ambitious targets slip through the net. The Gunners flirted with the idea of signing Zubimendi in January, although they cast their minds elsewhere when Real Sociedad demanded the entirety of his £53m release clause. The 24-year-old has been hugely influential in La Liga this season with Sociedad still flying high in third place.  As Arsenal's hunt for a new midfielder, which eventually turned out to be Jorginho, went on until deadline day, Everton star Onana was another of the numerous players linked to the Emirates. Luring him away from Goodison Park so soon after his arrival was always likely to be tricky, but Arteta and co may stand a better chance of succeeding in the summer. The Ecuadorian came closer than every other player on this list to joining Arsenal in January, with a top bid of £70m ultimately rejected by Brighton. The Gunners may fancy their chances of reigniting their interest at the end of the campaign, although it remains to be seen whether their damaged relationship with the Seagulls prevents the move from taking place. A comparatively cheap option, and one that may not have the pedigree to slot straight into Arteta's starting XI, 20-year-old Bamba has made a solid impression since breaking through with Portuguese outfit Vitoria Guimaraes. Many Arsenal fans expected to see him unveiled in January amid rumours that his agent had made the trip to the UK, although the switch never materialised. 