F1 pundit Ted Kravitz wants to see Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc battling it out for the Drivers' Championship on the final day of the 2023 season. The Mercedes duo of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell will also want to be in the mix, although the Silver Arrows may face too big of a gap to close in one off-season. Verstappen and Leclerc finished one and two in 2022, although the nature of the Dutchman's victory was extremely convincing. Red Bull put together a superior package to their competitors and Verstappen got the most out of it, setting a new record by winning 15 Grands Prix in a single year. Leclerc eventually finished a full 146 points behind, with reliability and strategy issues plaguing Ferrari. Team boss Mattia Binotto left the Prancing Horse in November last year, with Frederic Vasseur appointed as his replacement. Mercedes were a distant third in the 2022 Constructors' Championship after grappling with porpoising issues until late in the season. As teams prepare for the second year of the ground-effect design era, the Silver Arrows may have a tough job catching up with their rivals. DON'T MISS: Max Verstappen hit with highest FIA bill and Lewis Hamilton sixth "I've got high hopes for Ferrari," Kravitz told Sky Sports. "I think they can be up there sustaining a championship challenge with Red Bull all season long. I'd like to think it's going to be very tight and go down to the last race between what will potentially be Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen. "I don't think it will but it would be something interesting. Ferrari have got a new boss in Fred Vasseur, who isn't coming out with any lines that you can grab hold of. "But one thing he did say, about whether Ferrari have a number one driver or not, is that Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz have equal equipment and an equal chance to go for the championship until which time he decides it's in Ferrari's best interests to favour one driver for the Championship. Then he will make that call. That was more than Binotto ever said about focusing on one driver for the Championship." Sainz finished above Ferrari's golden boy, Leclerc, in his debut season with the Prancing Horse, but the Monegasque re-established his position as top dog by finishing 54 points clear of his team-mate in last year's standings, notching three race wins to the Spaniard's one.  Verstappen has shown that he can win world titles under severe pressure and at a canter. Back in 2021 he emerged victorious after a breathless battle with Lewis Hamilton, prevailing with a stunning last-lap overtake to finish on top by just eight points. Last year was a different story as back-to-back championships were sewn up with weeks to spare. The 25-year-old will bid to make it three in a row this forthcoming season, which gets underway in Bahrain on March 5.