Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp once told Mohamed Zidan he was 100 times better than Mo Salah however was unable to reach his level as he lacked the same professionalism. The now-retired striker played under the German for Borussia Dortmund but has sometimes been compared to Salah given their shared nationality. Salah has failed to hit his usual heights for Liverpool this season but there can be no doubt that the winger is a club legend at Anfield. The 30-year-old has scored 173 goals in 285 since his arrival in 2017 helping his side to win the Champions League in 2019 and Premier League in 2020 in the process. However, Salah may not have been the best Egyptian ever to play under Klopp had Zidan fulfilled his full potential. The 41-year-old spent four years under the Liverpool manager at Borussia Dortmund and was told by the German that he would be 100 times better than the winger if he was more professional. Speaking to ON Sport in January 2020, Zidan said: “Klopp told me that I was better than Salah 100 hundred times but I needed to be more professional. Klopp said to me that I have a great talent and skills but I need to concentrate more. If I did this I could be one of the best players in the world. DON'T MISS: Man Utd opponents Barcelona suffer key injury blows ahead of clash “I had to be more dedicated to training and be more professional to reach Salah’s level in the past. Salah is more professional than me and more dedicated to football like Ronaldo and Messi.” Despite this Zidan still had a very creditable career. In his four years at Dortmund, he won the Bundesliga twice while he also represented Mainz, Werder Bremen and Hamburger. He also won 44 caps for Eygpt, netting 13 times including against England at Wembley in 2010.  His career ended up petering out following his departure from the Signal Iduna Park with a return to Mainz ending after six months despite an excellent start where he became the first player in Bundesliga history to score in each of his first six games for his new club. He joined UAE side Baniyas in January 2012 after Die Nullfünfer failed to offer him a contract extension of more than 12 months, a decision he would later go on to brand as the biggest mistake of his life. He spent two years at the club but did not make a single appearance after 2013 being omitted from the squad. A short stint at Egyptian club El Entag El Harby followed before he retired in 2015 aged 34.