Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has had six months to forget since joining Chelsea from Barcelona. Matters couldn't have gone much worse than they have for the former Arsenal captain. Aubameyang was reunited with his former Borussia Dortmund manager Thomas Tuchel at Stamford Bridge. But just days after he signed for the Blues, Tuchel was sacked. He has scored just three goals in 17 appearances in all competitions and is well out of favour under Graham Potter. Talks are being held over a potential move to MLS side LAFC. Whether that deal happens or not, it appears he will likely leave the Blues sooner rather than later. Express Sport takes a close look at the torrid spell the 33-year-old has had in west London. READ MORE: Leeds next manager: Ex-Tottenham boss emerges as new option  Aubameyang came up against his former club Arsenal in November. Pre-match, he attempted to taunt his old team-mates on a TV advert. The striker said: "Arsenal, nothing personal. I'm back, I'm blue, I'm ready. Let's go." But it was the Gunners who left Stamford Bridge laughing. Mikel Arteta's side won 1-0 and Aubameyang was dragged off on the hour mark after having little impact on the game. Gabriel was the goalscorer and made sure he sent a message to his old skipper. The Brazilian took to Twitter to reference Aubameyang's pre-match comments. Gabriel tweeted: "Nothing personal, London is red." DON'T MISSArsenal told Rice will reject transfer as Gunners are one season wonderRonaldo scores four Al-Nassr goals in one match in stunning displayLiverpool trolled by Specsavers after Premier League's Rashford Man Utd post  Aubameyang had already fallen down the pecking order by January and the arrivals of Joao Felix and David Datro Fofana didn't help matters. But there was no way out as he had already played for two teams this season, featuring for Barca at the beginning of the campaign. The only European team he could leave Chelsea for was Barca. Reports from Spanish outlet Sport claimed that Aubameyang wanted to return to the Nou Camp and was prepared to play for a minimal fee if Memphis Depay departed. Depay left to join Atletico Madrid. But Barca were clearly not interested in bringing Aubameyang back.  Aubameyang was left 'shocked and disappointed' by his omission from Graham Potter's Champions League squad, according to the Telegraph. Chelsea had to make way for their January signings and Aubameyang was one of those to make way. The Champions League is the only trophy Chelsea can win this season. But the No 9 won't be able to appear in the competition again despite scoring twice in the group stage. Aubameyang was also left out of Chelsea's match-day squad for the goalless Premier League draw with Fulham last Friday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here