Mercedes could decide to scrap their design philosophy in the middle of the upcoming Formula One season if Lewis Hamilton and George Russell continue to lag behind the likes of Red Bull and Ferrari, according to Ted Kravitz. The Silver Arrows endured a turbulent time of things last year but are said to be confident of returning to the top of the pecking order at the next time of asking, with a number of tweaks having been made to their all-new W14 challenger for the campaign ahead. The fundamentals of their approach are still very similar, though, with Mercedes having opted to stick with the revolutionary 'sidepodless' design they debuted last year. However, Kravitz believes that wholesale changes could be made in the middle of the season if it becomes apparent that not enough progress has been made in terms of closing the gap to Red Bull and Ferrari."They're giving their big idea that was a failure last year one more go, but I believe they have a plan B in production," Kravitz told Sky Sports. "If they need to, they can go to a plan B, which is the Red Bull or Ferrari style of doing things, in the middle of the season."That's why we're hearing from Mercedes... these rules are here for another few years yet so they've got to get it right at some point. At the moment they're saying: 'We think we've got a proper handle on what went wrong last year, we still believe our way of having very slim sidepods is the way to go aerodynamically'. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton backs up George Russell after first drive of new car "They say most of the downforce is generated by the floor, which you can't see, but they're saying don't expect anything too soon. I think if they went away without three or four wins in the season they'd be disappointed."Kravitz went on to suggest that Mercedes will have a number of important upgrades lined up throughout the season but questioned why they are not already on the W14 if their engineers know what needs to be done to unlock additional performance."My reading of that was they've got more things coming on line," he added. "They've got developments for the European season and they think they're going to work. The bigger question is why aren't they on the car now if they know what they are or have some idea?" It remains to be seen whether Mercedes will be able to improve on last year's struggles when the new season begins, with a three-day period of testing set for later this week before the Bahrain Grand Prix at the start of next month. Toto Wolff has already insisted that Mercedes have been trying to avoid copying other cars in their design philosophy, with several teams having opted for Red Bull-style sidepods off the back of the Austrian outfit's dominant campaign in 2022."I think it’s important to be bold in this sport and I’m still proud of the solutions that were put on the car last year," Wolff told reporters earlier this month."Our sidepod design is not something that we believe was fundamentally the reason why we didn’t perform. There are no holy cows in our concept, it’s not that we don’t want to follow anybody’s ideas, we kept with the narrow sidepod as it is. But it’s not the core fundamental performance part as we judge." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.