Chancellor Jeremy Hunt should announce a series of tax breaks and increases to ISA and pensions allowances in the Spring Budget to encourage a ‘culture of saving’, a wealth expert told Express.co.uk. Daniel Harrison, chief executive of True Potential, said the budget is an opportunity for the Government to bring some “optimism” back after the “doom and gloom” of the past few years. He said: “The Government should incentivise those who take ownership of their lives by working hard, saving, and building businesses through tax breaks. “This would not only help get the economy moving but also encourage less reliance on the state. “But we also need a statement of intent from the Government to better prepare people for economic hardship and help us to become more financially resilient. “Rising prices have shown that without proper pensions and savings many people can have their finances devastated completely by external economic shocks. READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs "We need a switch from a culture of consumption to one of saving.” The financial expert suggested Mr Hunt should raise the contribution rate of auto-enrolment on pensions. The policy requires employers to set up a pension scheme for employees who earn above a certain amount, with a minimum of eight percent of their qualifying earnings being saved into the pension. This is made up of employers paying in at least three percent of the employee’s salary, while the employee pays in five percent.  Mr Harrison also said raising the ISA and pension allowances would be a “help” to encourage Britons to save. Savers can invest up to £20,000 in ISAs, which are attractive savings vehicles as they are not subject to tax. The annual pension allowance is £40,000 this year. Any amount invested in pensions above this limit will be hit by income tax. Many Britons are struggling to save as the rising cost of living continues to force them to spend more of their income on everyday needs. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost Energy bills are set to increase from April as the cap set by the Energy Price Guarantee increases, so any extra help with tax reductions would be welcomed by many. The average energy bill of a typical household in England, Scotland and Wales is increasing from £2,500 a year to £3,000 a year as the Energy Price Guarantee increases. Many Britons will see their bills further increase as the energy bills discount comes to an end, with the final monthly instalment in March. The threshold for capital gains tax is being halved from the start of the new tax year in April, with many people facing being hit by the tax for the first time. The threshold is decreasing from £12,300 to £6,000, and then is reducing to £3,000 from the next tax year. People often have to pay the tax when selling a property or other assets which have increased in value since they bought them. More support from the Government is on the way for many Britons on low incomes, as a £900 cost of living payment is going out to people on certain means-tested benefits over the coming fiscal year. The first instalment is to be paid in Spring 2023, with people on Universal Credit and Pension Credit among those to get the funds. Those who are struggling to pay their energy bills can get grants from many suppliers. British Gas offers grants between £250 and £750 through its Individuals and Families fund, which is open to all Britons.