Lando had a record-breaking year in 2021 after racking up four podiums at Imola, Monaco, Austria and Monza, and an overall finish of P6 in the drivers’ standings. He recently joined This Morning presenters Josie Gibson and Dermot O'Leary to discuss his preparation for the latest championships and gave a warning over his iconic celebration. After discussing the run-up to the championships and how he was feeling about the new car, talk turned to his previous wins and the way he celebrated. Josie asked: "When you make it to the podium, will you be spraying that big bottle of champagne that we always see?" Lando laughed and said: "Yes, I heard you have one in the studio today actually so..." Dermot pulled out the enormous bottle of Italian sparkling wine and joked: "I mean it is heavy but I can handle it. READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' "So what we have here is, it is a Ferrari Trento Brut which is the official fizz of Formula 1, it's not actually champagne, it is an Italian sparkling wine. "But you have a very unique way of celebrating don't you?" Lando explained: "Yes, I do, I do. You can get away with it with these bottles but not other bottles. "But yes my way of celebrating is normally by smashing it against the podium, or on the floor whatever it is." "And then sparkling wine, champagne spraying out everywhere," he explained before warning Dermot: "It can go very wrong so I advise you to do it with caution or not do it at all. "But these bottles are strong and safe. If you did it with a prosecco bottle or something they can smash and you can cut your hand and it doesn't end too well." McLaren unveiled their new car on Monday, February 13, saying they were hoping to re-establish themselves in the top four. Lando said his "excitement" about McLaren's potential helps him with "a little bit of patience I need to have". DON'T MISS...Doctor Who exclusive first-look as Ncuti Gatwa pictured on set [LATEST]BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness  [WATCH]Endeavour's Shaun Evans lands new role as Morse series comes to an end [INSIGHT] "We are a team who should be able to win championships and we will soon have everything in place to do so," he said. Discussing preparation and the new car, Lando told Dermot and Josie: "It is tough. It is hard to say what pure success is and as a driver, I want to win. "You have to take one year at a time and understand what success is in every single race. It was a good year last year but I am more excited for this year." Dermot added: "Tell us about this year, when do you start training and start to get your hands on the new car." Lando explained: "I fly this Sunday coming to Bahrain, where we have our first test and normally we have at least six days of testing. "But this year we only have three and this is split between two drivers, so one and a half days for me and one and a half days for Oscar. "So not a lot of time to get back into things, back into the hang of driving a formula one car but then the 4th and 5th March is the first race, so not long to go at all." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.