Tom Brady only turned to retirement once he ‘ran out of options’ in terms of where he could play in 2023, according to sports analyst Bill Simmons. Brady confirmed the news in a video posted to his social media exactly one year after he first announced his retirement - before reversing his decision 40 days later. On Wednesday, Brady announced his retirement from the NFL after 23 seasons. He won seven Super Bowls over an illustrious career that spanned two decades with the New England Patriots - with whom he led a historic dynasty alongside head coach Bill Belichick and owner Rob Kraft - and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The 45-year-old’s 2022 season didn’t exactly go to plan as Brady’s Buccaneers were comprehensively defeated 31-14 by the Dallas Cowboys to end his 23rd NFL season at the Wild Card round of the NFL Playoffs. As he left the field, Brady doffed his cap to the fans and kissed his parents before disappearing down the Raymond James Stadium tunnel, suggesting he was set to walk away from the sport. Multiple NFL franchises were reportedly surprised by Brady’s decision, although Simmons believes it makes sense. The Ringer CEO took to social media to suggest the recent shrinking of viable opportunities for Brady in 2023 forced him to turn to retirement. READ MORE: Denver Broncos set to hire legendary NFL head coach in rare trade “My take: if Brady was playing in 2023, it was either for Miami or Sean Payton’s next team,” Simmons wrote on Twitter. “Miami recommitted to Tua last week. Payton took Denver (w/ Russ) yesterday. Not a coincidence TB retired today. “It’s abrupt b/c he ran out of options. Fox has SB next week… did they know?” Brady was reportedly keen to work with elite head coach Sean Payton, with the pair linked with moves to the Miami Dolphins and Dallas Cowboys among others. However, Payton - who won the Super Bowl with the New Orleans Saints - took the Denver Broncos gig where Russell Wilson is already the quarterback. DON'T MISSTom Brady admits holds 'on every single play' while defending NFL refsPhiladelphia Eagles break 60-year-old record as they make Super BowlEx-NFL star JJ Watt teases retirement plan after posting cryptic photo On Monday, ESPN’s Adam Schefter reported the Dolphins were ready to spurn the chance to sign Brady in favour of sticking with Tua Tagovailoa for 2023. It emerged recently that Brady had rented an apartment in Miami, sparking rumours he could sign with the Dolphins - but it turned out his children simply live in the city with ex-wife Gisele Bundchen, and he just wanted to be closer to them. Earlier this year, Fox Sports announced Brady would join the network as a lead analyst following his retirement, signing a 10-year contract worth $375 million (£306m). It remains to be seen if he will make his broadcast debut during Super Bowl LVII on February 12 when the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs clash for the Lombardi Trophy in Arizona.