BBC staff are poised for industrial action after voting overwhelmingly to strike, the National Union of Journalists (NUJ) has confirmed. The union said 83 percent of members had backed strike action, with 17 percent opposed, off a turnout of 69 percent. In addition, 92 percent voted in favour of action short of a strike, with eight percent voting against. A message seen by Express.co.uk sent to members by Paul Siegert, the NUJ's National Broadcasting Organiser of the National Union for Journalists (NUJ), said: "This is obviously a fantastic mandate so a big thank you to everyone who voted." BBC Local Reps were due to meet at 2pm today to decide what happens next with the union promising to let members know the outcome, Mr Siegert added. The NUJ BBC Nations & Regions Twitter account subsequently posted: "@NUJofficial members in BBC Local (BBC England) have voted overwhelmingly for industrial action. "Unlike some unions, our dispute is not about pay - rather than how resources can be best used to serve our audiences. "Our reps will be meeting shortly to discuss the next steps. But the door remains open for the BBC to engage in constructive discussions. "We believe members can deliver digital content and also #KeepBBCLocalRadioLocal." It added: "Although local radio is our main focus, members remain concerned about terms and conditions under the Digital First proposals. The BBC's proposals would create six regions, under new Audio Editors, covering North West/North East, Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, Midlands, London and East, South, and South West. As a result, a total of 139 posts in local radio will be jeopardised, with a voluntary redundancy drive underway. Express.co.uk has approached the BBC for comment. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express