Janette Manrara and her husband Aljaz Škorjanec recently announced they’re having a baby after struggling to get pregnant in the past. On Morning Live, the Strictly Come Dancing spin-off host revealed Aljaz is “buzzing” to be a dad soon.  After a two-year struggle to conceive, Janette and Aljaz were planning on going down the IVF route before the 39-year-old fell pregnant naturally. The couple, who have been together for over 12 years, both decided to quit the main BBC dance show to focus on starting a family. In a new interview with HELLO! Magazine, the couple confirmed they were expecting a baby as the mum-to-be posed with her growing baby bump. Hosting Thursday’s instalment of Morning Live, Janette touched on the exciting news as she revealed Aljaz is buzzing. READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error  Introducing Janette to viewers, her co-star Gethin Jones commented: “You’re not just on your own this morning. “You are expecting a baby and we’re so delighted for you.” Clapping in excitement, Janette replied: “I’m so happy, Alijaz and I are just over the moon. “We have been wanting to be parents for a long time so this is the best and happiest news we’ve got.”   Showing a photo of the two expectant parents on-screen, Gethin commented on Alijaz’s huge smile. Janette added: “I know! He’s buzzing to be a dad and we are going to have the most epic aunties and uncles on our Morning Live family.” Her co-host replied: “Yeah, we’ve always got you covered on this show. Look we’ve got uncle Rav (Wilding) he’ll do some babysitting.” Touching on her 12-week scan, Janette told HELLO! She was overwhelmed with emotion seeing the ultrasound scan. DON'T MISS... The Apprentice star taken 'straight to hospital' after flight to Dubai [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast fans blast Keir Starmer's 'sticking plaster' interview [REACTION] Loose Women star branded 'out of touch' over lavish funeral plans [VIDEO]    With the baby due in the summer of 2023, the Strictly revealed they were moving a lot on-screen, causing her doctor to make a joke about its dancing genes. She said: “There really was a little human being growing inside me. “I didn't realise how much they moved, the baby was literally flipping about. “We saw the arms moving and the feet moving and it was pretty magical. The doctor said, 'It's already dancing'.”    The parents will also be uprooting their lives and relocating to Cheshire from their London flat in preparation for becoming a family of three. They’ll be moving close to Strictly professional Gorka Marquez and his wife Gemma Atkinson who are expecting their second baby together. Calling them Uncle Gorka and Auntie Gemma, Janette stated it’ll be nice having them close as she’s excited they’re both pregnant at the same time. Morning Live continues weekdays on BBC One from 9:15am.  