Better has just started airing on BBC One and the crime series follows corrupt police officer Lou Slack (played by Leila Farzad). She had formed a dangerous relationship with criminal Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan) but is determined to right her wrongs. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Leila Farzad's love life. Actress Leila came into the spotlight after she starred in I Hate Suzie alongside Billie Piper. Born in 1983 in London to Iranian parents, she developed a love of drama and acting through her aunt. Her aunt would take her to National Theatre productions but before she could turn her attention to acting, her parents requested she get a degree from Oxbridge. She studied Modern Languages at Worcester College and went on to train at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. READ MORE: Better viewers 'switch off' minutes into thriller after feeling 'lost' The star has been married to her husband James since October 2013. The couple have a daughter together called Allegra Noor Maizels, who was born in October 2014. Leila and her husband had been good friends for more than six years before forming a romantic relationship. The actress said her husband had been supportive and a brilliant father to their daughter. The star is on social media but she appears to leave her marriage and personal life out of the spotlight. She has said previously how her husband makes banana pancakes for their daughter and supports raising her. After such a long time together, the pair are happier than ever. Thefamilynation.com said on Sundays, the pair usually visit Persian restaurants or see their friends and family. DON'T MISS... Better creators hit back at 'pressure' over Happy Valley comparison Better's Col McHugh actor pays tribute to 'terrific' BBC co-star Better filming locations mapped as cop thriller makes BBC debut Leila uses her Instagram page to promote her work as she has plenty of credits to her name. She may be recognised for her roles in Avenue 5, The Fear Index and Innocent. The star is also known for her theatre roles having starred in Julius Caesar and Richard II. Leila opened up about her role in Better and she described the relationship between Lou and Col. She said: "It's a very complicated relationship. When we first meet them, it's an intense relationship that has an element of friendship but there's quite an intimate power play between these two people. "Early on, something very triggering happens to Lou, and she finds herself having to let go of this person, Col, who was so integral to her life. "The crux of the story is that Col goes from friend to foe, which is why the story gathers momentum." The five-part thriller comes from Jonathan Brackley and Sam Vincent.  Better airs on Mondays on BBC One at 9pm