The third series of the critically-acclaimed Apple TV show is currently in the making and is set to hit screens in the spring of 2023. Goldstein, who plays Roy Kent in the comedy, has remained tight-lipped about the future of the show but struggled to avoid dropping a rather cryptic clue during a recent podcast appearance. Since its debut in the summer of 2020, the American sports-comedy drama has been a success with fans. Season two concluded over a year ago now with the devastating news that assistant coach Nate Shelley (played by Nick Mohammed) had moved to the dark side of the Premier League, joining West Ham. And now season three has been announced it is in the works, fans can’t wait to see what the future holds for Ted and the team. Goldstein recently featured on the Happy Sad Confused Podcast and host, Josh Horowitz, was quick to ask about the future of the comedy series. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit The star remained closed-lipped saying: “Wouldn’t it be better if you didn’t know everything?” Goldstein cryptically explained: "We can't say anything and we can't say anything, partly because I'm not allowed to say anything.” He continued: “But also I get that everyone wants to know stuff but wouldn't it be better if you don't know anything? "There's so few surprises anymore and if you’re into it, how wonderful to discover it again in a new way. I don’t want to spoil anything." The comedian then joked that fans will know the show is coming to an end when all the characters die Game of Thrones-style. He said: "When the majority of the main cast die in this show, I think you figure, unless they’re going supernatural, this is the end." Cutting the comedy, Goldstein said: “The decision will ultimately be down to star and writer Jason Sudeikis.” He continued: "I love all of these characters and want it to end well, but Jason has a very clear vision and always has. No one is phoning it." DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends’ Meghan ‘doesn’t blame’ Dr Proctor for fiery row Teen Mom's Chelsea shares regret at missing out at Kailyn reunionBelow Deck's Camille supported by 'best friend' crew mate after firing So with no concrete word on the future of Ted Lasso, could Goldstein's cryptic reply spell the end of the Emmy-winning show? This isn't the first time Goldstein has hinted that season three of Ted Lasso will be the last. In June last year, the comedian told The Sunday Times that they only had planned the show with a three-season arc. All hope isn't lost though, as Goldstein’s co-star and executive producer, Brendan Hunt, has also suggested that the show could continue beyond season three. Speaking to Consequence, Hunt said: “Yes. Another arc is possible after this, for sure.” Season three of Ted Lasso is set to bring one new face into the mix, that being For All Man Kind star, Jodi Balfour. But it’s currently unclear how the South African actress will be factored into the drama, but many fans have speculated she could be a rival to Rebecca (Hannah Waddingham) in some capacity Ted Lasso seasons 1-2 are streaming now on Apple TV+. Season 3 will air later this year.