Chelsea and Manchester United are reportedly battling to sign one of South America's most exciting young stars. And a bid has already been launched as European heavyweights look to position themselves in the running for his signature. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has heavily invested in his first two transfer windows since his consortium bought the club from Roman Abramovich. And a chunk of the expenditure, north of £600million, has gone towards recruiting the stars of tomorrow, most recently teenage duo Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana in January. But the Blues aren't done there and have returned to South America to poach another of the continent's brightest starlets. According to Fabrizio Romano, Chelsea are in a race with United and Bundesliga outfit Bayer Leverkusen to sign Independiente del Valle midfielder Kendry Paez. The 15-year-old Ecuadorian, born in 2007, is highly rated and is expected to make a decision on where his future lies soon. JUST IN: Harry Kane sent sobering Man Utd warning as Tottenham decision looms  Ecuador-based journalist Eduardo Erazo reports Chelsea have already made an initial offer for Paez. He claims the Stamford Bridge giants have offered a £14.8million bid to lure him from Independiente. However, the Argentina Primera Division club have rejected the approach, likely to spark a bidding war for his services. The fee said to have been offered by Chelsea is staggering, given Paez is yet to make a first-team appearance for Independiente. Paez has made waves on the international stage as well as in the club's youth ranks, scoring three goals in five appearances for Ecuador U17s. DON'T MISS Man City boss Pep Guardiola issues Steven Gerrard apologyLiverpool star Robertson's moment vs Everton shows what they've missedMason Greenwood timeline laid out as Man Utd weigh up three options But European heavyweights are moving early, hoping to replicate Brighton and Hove Albion's success in signing Moises Caicedo in January 2022. United had the chance to sign Caicedo but passed on the opportunity as they focused on hiring a new manager, helping the Seagulls recruit him for just £4.5m. Fast-forward 12 months, they fielded a £70m offer from Arsenal for the 21-year-old, who will likely leave for a higher price this summer. So suitors will be eyeing a pursuit of Paez to become as much of a masterstroke, though he wouldn't be able to move to Europe until the summer of 2025 after he turns 18.