With Antony out injured, and Marcus Rashford better on the left, Jadon Sancho has been picked on the right of Manchester United’s attack for tonight’s crunch Europa League clash with Barcelona. It promises to be a blockbuster showdown at the Nou Camp, with the two fallen giants starting to climb back up to the top again. Now, the onus will be on the former Borussia Dortmund star to shine in the area he was signed to play in under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in the summer of 2021. Nearly 18 months ago, United finally signed Sancho. It was a deal that was four years in the making, with Jose Mourinho previously eyeing the forward during his time across town at Manchester City. But it was Solskjaer who succeeded in landing the England international, who arrived from Dortmund for a massive fee of £73million. Fast-forward to now, and fans are still waiting to see the best of Sancho. Like many in a red shirt, he toiled last term as the club struggled under both Solskjaer and interim boss Ralf Rangnick. At the start of the season, following the appointment of Ten Hag, the 22-year-old appeared to have turned a corner. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford He was impressive on the club’s pre-season tour of Australia and Thailand, clicking with both Rashford and Anthony Martial in attack. And Sancho then proceeded to score key goals in victories over Liverpool and Leicester which helped to lift the mood around the place. Unfortunately, those goals were to be another false dawn. Sancho was struggling for United back in October when Ten Hag announced he’d be out of action for the foreseeable future. The former City star was then dispatched to the Netherlands to work with coaches, with Ten Hag deeming him not physically or mentally ready to play. Since then, Sancho has returned to the fold. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit He bagged a crucial equaliser against Leeds last week, helping United to bounce back after falling 2-0 down on home soil. And he did well enough against the same opponents on Sunday before making way for Alejandro Garnacho after an hour. Now, Sancho has been picked for United in arguably their biggest match of the season so far. And Ten Hag has clearly set him the challenge of showing why Solskjaer was so determined to land him in the first place. United, upon recruiting Sancho, planned to play him on the right wing with Rashford on the left and Mason Greenwood down the middle. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Quickly, however, the England international found himself being shunted around the pitch as the Red Devils battled to accommodate him. Sancho was signed to solve a problem position for United, one where they’ve lacked a truly world-class performer since the days of a young Cristiano Ronaldo. And he’ll be hoping to reward Ten Hag for his patience and faith when the match against Barcelona kicks off tonight. Former United star Paul Parker, meanwhile, has admitted Sancho has the talent to live up to expectations. But he’s also wary of putting too much pressure on the youngster, saying: “I actually think that Jadon Sancho was moving the ball quicker against Leeds than what he did before he was out of the team. “We know that he is not lightning quick so we shouldn’t expect that from him. But I think Man United improved with him in their team. “Erik ten Hag knows that not everything is going to be rosy with him but I think he has the patience with him. “Now, it’s up to Jadon Sancho to perform well and earn the right to play. “As quick as he is now experiencing some kind of success it could all slip away very quickly, so he has to enjoy his time right now. “In that way he will also take away some pressure from his shoulders.”