Valentine’s Day gifts are continually topped by one item; flowers. A survey from Yodel showed that more than a quarter of Brits are planning to buy flowers and plants for Valentine’s Day and Statista reported that £267 million was spent on flowers alone in 2019. In addition, 40 percent of British women expect to receive flowers for Valentine’s Day, which further shows how popular bouquets are. A romantic staple, bouquets can brighten up any day and you can find an assortment of arrangements; from traditional Valentine’s Day roses to more unusual colour combinations. And now it’s even easier to send flowers thanks to a plethora of online flower delivery services that combine expertly curated bouquets and pristine packaging to deliver to the doorstep. Plus, if you’re a last minute shopper, don’t fret as most online florists will accept orders up until February 13, but it’s always advised to order as soon as possible so you can make sure it gets to your recipient in time. If you’re looking to gift your partner, friend or loved ones this year, then here’s a guide here on the best flowers you can give for Valentine’s Day in the UK in 2023. Simply, the red rose is the most common flower gifted on Valentine’s Day. Classic, elegant and a symbol of romantic love, it’ll never go out of style. Different shades of roses are also popular including white rose, yellow rose and pink roses. Lilies are another popular flower as they symbol devotion and tend to be combined with blossoms for a spring-inspired touch. Carnations are also commonly gifted and one of the easiest bouquets to shop for. Sunflowers also symbolise adoration and loyalty, which makes it one of the most joyful flowers to give for the day. Perfect if you’re worried about last minute deliveries, letterbox flowers are bouquets or flower arrangements that are hand-packed in boxes that are designed to fit through a letterbox. This is a great option if you want to make sure that your flowers are safely sent on a specific day as it won’t require the recipient to be in. Letterbox flowers are also cheaper and can start from just £12 up, so it’s also perfect if you’re sticking to a budget. They come in buds with water for up to three days of transit, so that they can last over two weeks. MORE LIKE THIS