Of all children’s authors, he understood that when nine-year-olds sit down to read they want to escape into an exotic world where children can get away with naughtiness and evil adults get their comeuppance. You don’t sell 250 million books by failing to understand what your readers really want. It is a talent that is sadly missing from the “inclusion ambassadors” who have just been let loose on Dahl’s books. An “inclusion ambassador” is apparently a dreary individual employed by publishers to disembowel much-loved books to make them “safe” and “relevant” for modern audiences. You are no longer, apparently, allowed to call anyone “fat”. Neither can you call a woman an “old hag”, or describe someone, memorably, as having “gums like raw meat”. I guess that might upset vegans. “Cloud men” have become “cloud people”, because of course every fantasy world must have equal gender opportunity. Witches, in Dahl’s imagination, wore wigs, so children could tell whether a woman was a witch by a little tug on her hair. B ut instead of having a child reprimanded with the words “you can’t go around pulling the hair of every lady you meet”, the new version informs readers: “besides, there are plenty of other reasons why women might wear wigs, and there is certainly nothing wrong with that”. There are a few changes which are perhaps justified as meanings have changed over the past half-century. To call someone “queer” now certainly means something different than it did when Dahl began writing children’s books in the 1960s. Arguably, too, a child might now struggle with the word “chambermaid” – which has become “cleaner”. But it is painfully clear that most of these changes have been dreamed up in an effort to sanitise Dahl’s fantasy world, to try to instruct children in how to be inclusive and diverse. I recently looked through the children’s section of a bookshop for something entertaining, and gave up. Every book seemed to be lecturing children on diversity, climate change or some other liberal issue. To read them was what I imagine a wasp must experience when drowning in syrup. To borrow the language of Dahl’s target audience, yuck, yuck and more yuck. I could see Dahl himself having great fun with inclusion ambassadors. He would cast them as snivelling little creatures consumed by pettiness and contrive them to meet horrible ends, possibly involving them being flushed down the loo. But I fear that these puritans will soon feel they have let off Dahl too lightly. It isn’t really possible to reconcile his world with the woke values which have infected publishing, in common with so many industries. Portraying witches as anything other than Earth-loving people who want to save us from global warming? Come on! Dahl’s entire words will have been edited out of existence within the next decade. Just how have the obsessions of a tiny number of people on the left been able to capture so many organisations? It isn’t just Roald Dahl. English Heritage last year informed us, regarding a blue plaque on Enid Blyton, that she had been accused of “racism, xenophobia and lack of literary merit”. Her millions of readers can be the judge on that. It isn’t just children’s books. Aberdeen University warns its students that they might find Geoffrey Chaucer “emotionally challenging”, while Essex University counsels that Romeo and Juliet “contains interfamily violence”. Really? Just as Puritans destroyed religious icons, we have ended up toppling statues, or scratching names off walls with all the zealotry of medieval priests. Anyone with even the most tenuous connection with slavery or colonialism must be eradicated from history. A reference to Rudyard Kipling has been replaced in the Dahl revision with Jane Austen. How long before someone discovers Austen’s great uncle had shares in the Royal African Company and she has to go too. Interestingly, nobody seems to want to take responsibility for the Dahl changes. Netflix, which bought the rights to his works two years ago, blames previous publisher Puffin. So it’s time to resist this wanton vandalism. Buy second-hand versions instead, still with all their glorious nastiness. With 250 million sold, you won’t have a problem finding them on Amazon or in one of our splendid secondhand bookshops.