The main sponsors of Novak Djokovic have hit back at criticism of their star by dragging Rafael Nadal into the row. The Serbian, who drew level with Nadal on 22 Grand Slam wins when he won the Australian Open in January, has enjoyed a deal with luxury clothes brand Lacoste since 2017. The star had previously been supplied his kit by Adidas, Tacchini and Uniqlo. But his move to the French company was seen as a more direct association with his sport, given it was founded by former tennis star Rene Lacoste, who won seven Slam titles. That's in contrast to Nadal, who was been sponsored by Nike ever since he broke onto the scene as a teenager. And tensions between the two companies have flared up after former Nike CEO Mike Nakajima took aim at Djokovic. “He could well be the most successful tennis player ever, but there’s always a dark cloud around him," Nakajima told CNN. "It’s like he brings it upon himself. He hits the lineswoman at the US Open (in 2020) and gets disqualified? It happens, I guess." JUST IN: Bjorn Borg's Rafael Nadal anecdote sums up Spaniard's incredible attitude Not done there, he added: "But why does it always happen to Novak? Or the whole controversy about the Covid vaccination. Now, as a brand: do I want to be behind somebody who always has controversy around him? Or do I want to go with an athlete with a squeaky clean image?" Lacoste CEO Thierry Guibert has now fired back on Twitter though, posting: "Lacoste is so proud to have Nole and would never choose Nadal (with all due respect to him). Thanks @NDjokofan for the English translation." DON'T MISS:Nick Kyrgios leaps to Matteo Berrettini's defence and compares earnings to Jannik SinnerTennis chiefs facing crisis with 'tournaments in danger' due to Wimbledon's Russian banMatteo Berrettini suffers same fate as Emma Raducanu as tennis star comes under fire The last line related to a Djokovic fan who was arguing on the side of Guibert, and other supporters of the Serbian soon weighed in. @pavyg wrote: "We are so thankful to you and team for sticking by Nole last year when I know there was a lot of pressure on you to stop the relationship." @thebrsn_ added: "That's why Lacoste will remain superior because he stayed with Nole when it was most needed. Heroes are known through hardship."