On Tuesday night, it emerged Qatar were frontrunners in the race to buy Manchester United. And one potential option to rival the consortium from the Middle East is club legend David Beckham. It was previously reported that the Inter Miami owner had an interest in ousting the Glazers - meaning a bid can’t be entirely ruled out. Manchester United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005. However, the Americans confirmed back in November they were open to selling the Red Devils after nearly 18 years of controversial rule. At the current moment in time, a consortium from Qatar - which will be made up of different individuals than QSI, who own Paris Saint-Germain - seem like frontrunners when it comes to any potential takeover. They’re willing to invest large sums of cash to rebuild Old Trafford, with the famous stadium showing signs of wear and tear in recent years. And they’re also prepared to give Erik ten Hag dizzying transfer backing so he can rebuild the squad as he sees fit. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Sir Jim Ratcliffe is another serious candidate, too. It’s been well-documented that the INEOS chief, who missed out on purchasing Chelsea to Todd Boehly last year, is interested in United. Ratcliffe has long been a supporter of the club and, as one of the richest people in the country, has the money to make a deal happen. But one person who could be a shock candidate to own United is club icon Beckham. In November, it was reported the 47-year-old was interested in buying the Red Devils and putting a consortium together. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Beckham doesn’t have the wealth to buy United outright himself, despite having a net worth of close to £370million. Yet he’d instead choose to call upon his rich contacts if he’s to make a late play for the club he previously made his debut with. Rio Ferdinand, who previously played with Beckham at United, also suggested he’d spoken with the ex-England skipper about his plans. “Becks will come with a consortium,” Ferdinand said at the time. “I saw Becks last night at the [England vs USA World Cup] game, I went to the England game and we were sat next to each other. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He smelt beautiful, looked beautiful. He looked a million dollars, as he normally does. He didn't look 10 billon dollars' worth. “But when you mention someone like Becks' name, he's obviously a part-owner of Inter Miami, but he doesn't come [alone]. It's not his money. “It's not him in terms of putting his hand in his pocket. He comes with a consortium. He comes with people who do have deep pockets who have the ability to go and execute on a deal like that. “So that's the way he'll be approaching it, and rightly so. “I just think it's going to come down to a number. If you've got the number, and you can produce, that's what it's going to be about.” Beckham himself has close links to Qatar, having helped to promote the country during the World Cup. And, due to that close relationship, it would be interesting to see if the United star competes to own the Red Devils. Reports linking Beckham to Old Trafford have gone quiet in recent times. But with more developments expected, what ultimately happens remains to be seen.