Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp refused to answer a question about the Premier League charges Manchester City are facing in a press conference on Friday. The Citizens were charged with more than 100 financial breaches by the Premier League at the start of the week following a four-year investigation. “I have absolutely nothing to say about that,” Klopp said on Friday as he spoke to the media ahead of his team’s Premier League clash with Everton on Monday night. City’s charges relate to information about revenue, details of player and manager earnings, UEFA regulations, profitability and sustainability and co-operation with Premier League investigations. But the Citizens have denied any wrongdoing. “Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with,” the six-time Premier League champions said in a statement on Monday. READ MORE: Odegaard makes Arsenal vow as Gunners star fires message to Man City  “The club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all.” Klopp’s Liverpool have formed an intense rivalry with Manchester City over recent seasons, with the two powerhouse clubs wrestling each other for Premier League titles and cup glory. Last season, the Citizens beat the Reds to the top-flight title by one point, while Liverpool got the better of Pep Guardiola’s side on their way to winning the FA Cup last term. DON'T MISSGary Neville explains why he has performed sudden Arsenal title U-turnMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawlMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds draw  Liverpool also won the Carabao Cup last season and reached the Champions League final, before succumbing to Real Madrid. But it’s been a different story this time around, with the Reds languishing in 10th place in the Premier League table following an egregious run of form. The team will be on the hunt for only their ninth top-flight victory of the campaign when they take on the Toffees in the Merseyside derby. But ahead of that clash, the pressure was beginning to take its toll on Klopp. “In our best periods, it's easy to have a press conference because you ask about players scoring, we have a laugh and it's nice,” added the German. “Some of you make massive things of what I say and it is not my intention. It's difficult to talk all the time about [poor form]. “I can explain absolutely everything, but not to you (journalists). People can write what they want. That's the problem, I can't explain everything to you. I explain it to the boys and we go from there. We hope for a better result and a much easier press conference.” 