Donald Trump delivered the "real" State of the Union address immediately after Joe Biden slammed Republicans in Congress for taking the economy "hostage". The 45th President released a video response to his successor's remarks on social media, berating Biden over illegal immigration, crime rates, the economy and free speech.  Trump said: "Here's the real State of the Union. Over the past few years under Biden, millions and millions of illegal aliens from 160 different countries have stormed across our southern border. "Drug cartels are now raking in billions of dollars from smuggling poison to kill our people and kill our children. Savage killers, rapists and violent criminals are being released from jail to continue their crimewave and under Biden the murder rate has reached the highest in the history of our country. "Biden and the radical Democrats have wasted trillions of dollars and caused the worst inflation in half-a-century, real wages are down 21 months in a row, gas prices have soared and are now going up more than even before and the typical American family is paying $2,200 in increased energy and food costs each year. "Joe Biden's weaponised Justice Department, and I'm a victim of it, is persecuting his political opponents, his administration is waging war on free speech, they're trying to indoctrinate and mutilate our children. "He's leading us to the brink of World War Three and, on top of all of that, he's the most corrupt President in American history and it's not even close." Trump's allegations come as the 76-year-old prepares to take on potential Republican rivals in the upcoming Grand Old Party (GOP) primary. Immigration was a corner-stone of Trump's 2016 campaign when he vowed to build a border wall with Mexico. Monthly migrant encounters on the US-Mexico border during Trump's term in the Oval Office peaked in May 2019 at 132,856, according to US Customs and Border Protection. JUST IN: Biden 'putting American lives at risk' as POTUS weakened upper-hand against China The number of encounters plummeted to just 16,182 in April 2020, when many states introduced Covid-curbing lockdown restrictions. However, since Biden entered office in January 2021, the number has rapidly increased, surpassing 224,000 in May 2022. Trump's comments about crime and murder appear to have been slightly misconstrued. Murders spiked at a record speed in 2020 and increased further in 2021 but the figure slowed in last year. Research firm AH Datalytics revealed that homicides in large US cities fell by more than five percent compared to the same period in the previous year. The US economy also appears to be rebounding from Covid-induced dislocation, with inflation dropping from 9.1 percent in June 2022 to 6.5 percent in December 2022. Remarks about Biden bringing the world closer to another global conflict also seem exaggerated. READ MORE: America has 'little time' for 'middling' Britain after Brexit, says US host in fiery rant The 46th President suffered a foreign policy blow during the US evacuation of Afghanistan but received plaudits for his response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Trump concluded his State of the Union response by putting more pressure on Biden ahead of a potential re-election bid. Trump added: "But the good news is we are going to reverse every single crisis, calamity and disaster that Joe Biden has created. "I am running for President to end the destruction of our country and to end the unfinished business of Making America Great Again. "We will make our country better than ever before and we will always put America first. Thank you." Despite Trump's fiery two-minute clip, the GOP's official response was left to Arkansas Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Huckabee Sanders, who once served as Trump's White House press secretary, used her response to focus on the so-called culture wars. DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign[SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss[REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] Biden's second State of the Union did not refer to Trump by name. However, the 80-year-old slammed his predecessor's administration handling of the deficit and yet again condemned January 6 insurrectionists. Biden also challenged Republicans over the economy after lauding bi-partisan bills, including one which cut shipping costs by 90 percent. He said: "Some of my Republican friends want to take the economy hostage unless I agree to their economic plans. All of you at home should know what their plans are. "Instead of making the wealthy pay their fair share, some Republicans want Medicare and Social Security to sunset every five years. "That means if Congress doesn’t vote to keep them, those programs will go away. "Other Republicans say if we don’t cut Social Security and Medicare, they’ll let America default on its debt for the first time in our history. I won’t let that happen." 