Manchester United can sign Marcel Sabitzer on a permanent deal from Bayern Munich for around £18million at the end of the season, according to reports. The Austrian midfielder has made an eye-catching start to his Old Trafford career after signing for the club on loan in the final hours of the January transfer window. United were forced into action after Christian Eriksen was ruled out until April or May through injury after he picked up a problem in the FA Cup win over Reading. Sabitzer was seen as an eleventh-hour solution for Erik ten Hag and having been thrown virtually straight into the side, it's a deal that has paid off. There has already been some premature talk that United could seek to make the loan move permanent at the end of the season given Sabitzer has not needed any time to adapt to his new surroundings. Bild's Christian Falk says Bayern Munich are only looking for a mere £18m fee in order to agree to a sale. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light That could be good news for United, although there will be fears that the figure could be raised if Sabitzer continues to impress. Julian Nagelsmann does not seem to be a big fan of the player so there is every chance he will be moved on at the end of the season either way. So far, Sabitzer is more than satisfied with the start he has made at Old Trafford as he clarified that the agreement was just a straight loan to begin with. "It’s a loan at the moment, that’s all I can say," Sabitzer said. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race "I like it here, I’m feeling very good here, I like the team, I like the club, the atmosphere in Old Trafford. We will see what happens in the summer. "It's been a busy few days. I had to come in quick but I enjoy it. I like it so far. The team welcome me very well. It was a bit of a cold start but I had to step in quick because of the Casemiro suspension. I'm ready for that and happy playing. "You can feel it. From the first moment on, I felt very good in the team – good spirit, good goals, we're a good team. It's fun." Ten Hag has let Sabitzer loses in a box-to-box midfield role after Casemiro picked up a three-match suspension. The Bayern Munich man is expected to lose his place in the side once the Brazilian returns. "The manager talking to me a lot, what he's expecting from me. I try to fulfil that," Sabitzer added. "I'm feeling good with him and his tactics and I like it so far." The 28-year-old made 15 appliances in the Bundesliga this season, netting one goal. At this stage of his career he wants to prioritise regular football, although there is a chance that won't be on offer at United where he will also have to fight for his place.