An East Palestine resident hit out at Ohio and federal authorities for leaving locals "scared for the future" after failing to address widespread safety concerns. Ohio native Nathen Velez owns an engine repair business on one side of the train track where a Norfolk Southern Freight (NSF) train derailed on February 3. Velez and his wife Nicole Marie have taken to Facebook to share their frustration at officials as they lamented they are still concerned about going back home despite government reassurances. Writing on his profile on Friday, he said: "Scared for the future that we may never see. None of this makes sense and none of it is fair. "However, it could have happened to anyone in any place. Unfortunately, it happened here and to us. All of us are stuck. "Even if we were able to leave, we still have obligations keeping us there. None of us wanted to leave. "I want nothing more than to simply be at my shop, putting logs into the fire and fixing machines for my friends and neighbours. Getting yelled at by some townsfolk for riding a dirtbike up and down Taggart. Apologizing and then doing it again. Then wrapping up for the day, crossing the tracks and going home." Nicole Marie said: "I wouldn’t wish this on my worst enemy. The level of depravity is beyond anything I’ve ever experienced in my life. "I just hope the good guys win in the end. No one in East Palestine deserves this. HELL - No one, deserves this. JUST IN: Harris says China shot itself in foot with 'unhelpful' balloon as Sino-US bond on brink "They’ve effectively destroyed our land, water, air, ecosystem, property value, sense of safety, jeopardized lives and health of our children, our elderly, our community, and not to mention the damage done to the mental health of all of us affected by this derailment. "What’s actually worse is not that they continue to do this to us. But, that they’re being allowed to do so." She added: "This is not okay. We (my husband, our one-year-old, nine-year-old, and myself) still haven’t returned to our home, and the shop is too noxious to tolerate for an extended period of time. "They’re still working in the creek/derailment site directly behind the shop. It is intolerable, no matter what they say. IT HURTS. READ MORE: US jets intercept eight of Putin's warplanes near Alaska as tensions escalate "We have been displaced, like many others in this town of good people who have taken a financial loss and continue to do so." The family, who was on the verge of paying off their mortgage, have since set up a GoFundMe in a bid to leave East Palestine as Nathen's business currently sits in what has been referred to as a "Death Zone." Ohio Governor Mike DeWine said a plume of chemicals that spilt into the Ohio River following the train derailment on February 3 had finally broken. The chemicals also spilt into nearby creeks, killing thousands of fish, and eventually made their way into the Ohio River. DON'T MISSDonald Trump is 'own worst enemy', ex-aide says [INSIGHT]Train carrying hazardous chemicals derails in Michigan [LATEST]Man frozen to death in prison walk-in freezer [REPORT] But despite repeated assurances from the authorities, East Palestine locals and others along the Pennsylvania state line remain sceptical about the guidance they have been given. The state plans to open a medical clinic in the village next week to evaluate those who are worried and assess their symptoms. The clinic will include a team of experts in chemical exposures that are being deployed to eastern Ohio. DeWine said: "These are very legitimate questions and residents deserve an answer. "We're doing absolutely everything we can to assure residents of what the situation is. I understand people have been traumatized. I understand the scepticism.” At least five lawsuits have been filed against the railroad and lawyers have been showing up in the area to offer advice and legal options. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews