Richard E Grant, 65, was inundated with support after he told fans in a new social media update he was visiting the countryside home where his wife, Joan Washington, spent her last months. The actor could be seen in a video shared with his 347,900 followers becoming overcome with emotion as he spoke about Joan. In the self-recorded clip, Richard said: “It’s always a huge pleasure but emotionally-charged returning to our cottage in the countryside where my wife and I spent the last months of her life. “I’m surrounded by all the things that we collected together over the years. “So I feel her, the presence of the life that we had so strongly. And I’m very grateful for the 38 years that we had together.” Fans soon flocked to the tweet’s replies to send Richard messages of support as they paid tribute to Joan. VeronikaSain said: “You’re an inspiration for all of us who believe in true love and soul mates. “I hope you find comfort in the beauty that you shared.” TheRealKyloBen added: “What a rare moment of beautiful humanity. I'm so sorry for your loss. “I know what it's like to feel the echoes of those that have since passed on. “I can't even imagine how it feels when it's your wife.” RachaelGrey2022 typed: “You speak so eloquently, Richard. The birdsong in the background feels so comforting too. “I have experienced bereavment in a different way, but ur words resonate. “I’m sure that u r providing comfort to others, as they wtch your clips. I hope that you know that you are not  alone.” (sic) DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson brutally mocks Richard Hammond in height jibeEamonn Holmes at loggerheads with Ruth Langsford over Belfast moveQueen star unrecognisable as he transforms himself with prosthetics The Gosford Park actor met his dialect coach wife in 1982 after attending an accent class she was teaching. Four years later they married and were together until Joan’s death in September 2021. The couple shares one daughter together, Olivia, and Richard is step-father to Joan's son from a previous marriage, Tom. The With Nail and I star shared the tragic news of Joan’s death via social media announcing his partner had died on September 3, eight months after receiving her stage-four lung cancer diagnosis. The actor shared a heartbreaking tribute to his wife on Twitter in view of his 259,000 followers, along with a clip of the pair dancing. He wrote: "ONLY YOU! Joan – Love of my Life & Giver of Life to our daughter Olivia. "Our hearts are broken with the loss of your Life last night. "35 years married & 38 together," he added.