Virgin Media customers could make use of a money-saving hack which could save them more than £300 on their gigabit broadband for the next two years - as well as securing nine months free broadband in the process. With the supplier now increasing its prices by 13.8 percent, it has opened the door for its customers to leave and find better deals. Virgin Media customers have 30 days from the point they are notified about the price increase to trigger the exit clause. Hyperoptic has a deal called ‘Switch Now’ which offers up to nine months free broadband to anyone who switches from their current provider. That means current Virgin Media customers can move to Hyperoptic and save more than £300 over a 24-month contract. READ MORE: 'Whole system needs reforming': New call to means test state pension age as Budget looms This means people do not need to actively prove they claim benefits while on a tariff. There are a number of social tariffs on offer from leading providers in the UK. Sky, BT and Virgin Media O2 provide those receiving Universal Credit, Pension Credit and other means-tested benefits, with monthly broadband packages available from between £12.50 and £20. The latest figures from Ofcom show that just 136,000 of the 4.2 million households on Universal Credit who are entitled to the discounted deals have taken them up. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues warning after 'devastated' woman loses 'all her savings' in scam This new system makes it easier for low-income families to sign up and continue on discounted broadband deals. With the cross-government Help for Households programme, they aim to grow public awareness of the campaign to ensure further uptake. Benefits that the DWP’s system will be able to verify the entitlement for are: People in receipt of benefits interested in exploring broadband tariff options can find a full list on Ofcom’s website. It should be noted that each company has its own list of eligible benefits, but all include Universal Credit. Minister for Social Mobility, Youth and Progression Mims Davies said: “It’s positive to see a major provider, such as Sky, sign up to our scheme, making it easier for families to access cheaper broadband and mobile tariffs in difficult times. “I call on other providers to follow suit in offering this type of tariff for those in need. “Claimants who think they might be eligible for one of these tariffs should contact their provider. “This is just one of the ways we are working to help households during these tough times as part of the government’s £37billion support package for those most in need.”