That’s not least because last week it was announced that hospital doctors had voted to strike for only the second time in the entire 75-year history of the NHS. The line from the Government that inflation has to be combatted – and therefore giving out generous public sector pay rises is akin to fiscal suicide – does have considerable validity. But quite how they’ve manoeuvred themselves into being the first government ever to be confronted with a strike by nurses belonging to the RCN in its 100-year history, and only the second to face similar turmoil from doctors in more than seven decades, is something only they can answer. You have to think that if the Father Christmases of this country had a union, this largely inept mob would have thought to face them down too. Nurses, paramedics, physios and other associated staff were all due to stage a 48-hour walkout next week in what would have been the largest industrial action in the dispute this winter. While the initial demand for a 19 per cent lift in pay from the union was never going to happen, reports indicate a deal is being worked out. Nurses, and other NHS staff except for doctors, were given an average rise of 4.75 per cent this year. There is already talk of an increase next year being backdated, to give nurses an additional hike this year as well. This would represent a huge step forward for the Government in its ugly war with the NHS. Although it must be stressed that unions other than the RCN say it won’t halt the crisis, as their members plan to continue with industrial action. But the RCN has always been seen as a moderate union and its leader Pat Cullen is anything but a union hothead. Indeed it is more than a little worrying that she told me she had talked more about pay awards and negotiations with me on my LBC breakfast show than she had with Health Secretary Steve Barclay. He, on the other hand, appears to be pulling off more than a fleeting impersonation of Where’s Wally? It should come as no surprise that the RCN nurses jumped at the opportunity to suspend industrial action to allow talks to begin. Stories are legion across the country of how they’ve gone to great lengths to ensure that patient safety is not compromised in any way. This is how, along with virtually everyone’s generosity of spirit and affection towards nurses, they have won public support. And it’s how the Government has allowed itself to be painted as uncaring penny pinchers. Getting the nurses back on the wards would be the first significant step for the government. Then talk in similar terms with the BMA’s junior doctors, who are threatening to walk out for 72 hours next month, and this ugly face off takes on a far healthier complexion. Those deals would strip considerable ground from beneath the other health service unions who refuse to yield from a more hardline position. The Government also needs to be aware that if, as figures last week seemed to indicate and banking giant Citicorp confirmed, inflation is starting to be driven down and could be back at two per cent by the end of the year, they would never be forgiven for having played “health hardball” with the nurses. Then factor in the tax take was far higher last month than expected, putting extra cash in the treasury coffers, and what could be a more worthy cause than the health workers we were applauding and depending upon so dramatically just a few years ago. The talks being held to resolve this have been described as “intensive”. That’s a word and area known well to doctors and nurses. It’s where they regularly save lives. However, on this occasion it is the Government who can save themselves – and deliver the appropriate treatment of an acceptable deal. A double privilege for me last week, as I got to meet both the Ukrainians who have come here for training on the tanks we are sending them and the brilliant British Army personnel who are serving as instructors – and clearly friends. The camaraderie at the facility at Bovington, in Dorset, was instantly evident. It’s clear soldiers share a deep common bond, if not the same language. The trip, in a Merlin helicopter from RAF Northolt, was facilitated by Defence Secretary Ben Wallace and his team. From the moment one is kitted out in Top Gun style helmet, the professionalism of our Forces shines through. These are an exemplary body of men and women – as are the Ukrainians I met on the tank training course. They are men and women from Ukraine who range in age from 18 to a remarkable 72, and are totally committed to the cause. Watching them with soldiers from our own Army, one thing became clear: These folks will not cease until they are victorious, but that can only be brought about if the Ministry of Defence gets the necessary and justified cash uplift it is requesting. Dame Joan Collins has called on London Mayor Sadiq Khan to take action against illegal cyclists after a rider with no lights crashed into her on the pavement at night. “Why don’t you do something before this beautiful city of London is ruined”, said the 89-year-old legend. But don’t expect anything soon Dame Joan. This is a mayor obsessed with ripping up roads to take lanes away from motor vehicles and to tax them to the hilt if they dare to venture into his fiefdom. Meanwhile, cyclists are treated as if they’re a precious and endangered form of wildlife. A trans cartoonist with a “kink” for nappy fetish art has been invited to speak to children at Sheffield Central Library. Meanwhile, the absurdly woke book publisher Puffin is rewriting some of the works of Roald Dahl to excise words such as “fat” “horse-faced” and “double chinned”. Even the Big Friendly Giant’s cloak can no longer be “black.” Can anyone explain this literary lunacy? Understandable outrage from many quarters that Bernard Cribbins, who died last year aged 93, was omitted from the In Memoriam section of last weekend’s Bafta awards. Without fail this is always the most moving part of the night and something that rarely fails to bring tears to my eyes. This, despite him starring in many films from the simply brilliant The Railway Children to some Carry On... movies. Organisers have said he “will be considered for inclusion “in the TV awards later this year”. They’re certainly getting dafter at Bafta, aren’t they?