As the Bank of England continues to revise its Base Rate, banks and building societies have been boosting interest rates across their own products to compel savers to invest. However, as rates fluctuate, it’s key that people keep watch of the market to ensure they’re investing in the account offering the highest returns. As the cost of living crisis prevails, Simon Coll, director of wealth management at Arbuthnot Latham, said: “An emergency fund is always important, but even more so during times of economic uncertainty. Financial experts typically recommend having six months' worth of bills and expenses saved should you find yourself in a position of needing to rely on savings.” However, he noted: “It is also important to ensure that you have easy access to this cash and that it is not tied up in fixed-term accounts or complex investments.” Easy access accounts are typically more flexible, as these allow savers to make payments and withdrawals with minimal restrictions and with small opening deposit requirements. However, some accounts are offering more competitive rates than others. Money comparison site Moneyfacts has pulled together the top 10 available right now. READ MORE: Coventry Building Society raises interest rates to 3.90%  Ranking top of the list is Yorkshire Building Society’s Rainy Day Account (Issue 2) with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 3.35 percent. This account offers a competitive, two-tiered variable interest rate and savers can get started with as little as £1. The 3.35 percent rate is applied to balances up to £5,000, while a 2.85 percent rate is applied to balances over £5,000.01. Withdrawals are permitted on two days per year based on the anniversary of account opening, plus closure at any time. Placing second is HSBC’s Online Bonus Saver with an AER of three percent, calculated daily and applied to the balance monthly. DON'T MISS: Martin Lewis tip helps retired pensioner increase savings by £5,000 [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]'Carry forward' method could help 'reduce tax bill' in retirement [EXPLAINED]    The three percent rate is awarded on up to £10,000 of the balance every month a withdrawal is not made, while 1.4 percent will apply to figures over £10,000. While this is an easy access account, meaning savings can be withdrawn, it isn’t flexible and on the occasion that a withdrawal is made, a 0.65 percent standard rate will be applied to that month instead. Monmouthshire Building Society’s Premium Instant Access account ranks third, also with an AER of three percent. This account requires a minimum of £25,000 to open and interest is calculated daily and applied to the balance annually on March 31. Free and unlimited withdrawals are permitted, however, if the account falls below the minimum balance of £25,000, a variable rate of 0.05 percent AER will be applied until the account returns to the minimum balance. READ MORE: UK’s 'best buy savings account’ turns £10k into £12,402  Placing fourth is Shawbrook Bank’s Easy Access Account (Issue 32) with an AER of 2.92 percent. A minimum deposit of £1,000 is required to open the account and up to £85,000 can be invested. Interest is calculated daily and paid on the anniversary of the first deposit either monthly or annually. However, interest will drop slightly to 2.88 percent for those who opt for monthly payments. There are no limitations on the number of withdrawals and these can be made without notice, however the minimum amount that can be withdrawn is £500. Sainsbury's Bank’s Defined Access Saver (Issue 37) places fifth with an AER of 2.9 percent. The account can be opened with just £1 and interest is paid on the anniversary at a tiered rate depending on the balance. A 1.05 percent rate is applied to balances up to £999, while 2.9 percent is applied to figures between £1,000 and £500,000. A 0.9 percent rate is applied to any balance over this. If more than three withdrawals are made in a 12-month period, the interest rate will reduce to 0.8 percent until the 12-month period has ended. In sixth place is Zopa Bank’s Smart Saver with an AER of 2.86 percent. There is no minimum deposit requirement and interest can be paid away or compounded, and savers can open an account using the Zopa app. Withdrawals are permitted without any penalties and up to £85,000 can be invested. Placing seventh is Coventry BS’ Limited Access Saver (Online) (7) with an AER of 2.85 percent. This account can be opened with a minimum of £1 and up to £250,000 can be invested. Interest is calculated daily and paid annually on the anniversary of the date the account opened or monthly, at the end of the last day of each month. However, as the account offers limited access, savers are only allowed to withdraw money up to six times a year without having to pay a fee. From the seventh withdrawal onwards (which can include closure), a charge equivalent to 50 days’ interest will be applied based on the amount being withdrawn. Paragon Bank’s Triple Access Account (Issue 11) places eighth, also with an AER of 2.85 percent. The account can be opened with £1, interest is paid on the anniversary, and up to three withdrawals are permitted without facing a penalty. If four or more withdrawals take place, interest will drop to 0.75 percent until the day before the anniversary of the account holder’s opening deposit.  In ninth place is Yorkshire Building Society account, this time the Internet Saver Plus (Issue 13) after increasing its AER to 2.85 percent. This account can be opened with £1 and interest is also paid at a tiered rate. A balance of up to £10,000 will receive the 2.75 percent rate, while a balance of over £10,000 will receive a 2.85 percent interest rate. For a balance of over £50,000, a 2.9 percent rate will be applied. Interest is calculated daily and paid annually on March 31. Unlimited instant withdrawals - subject to YBS’ daily withdrawal limits - are permitted, without loss of interest. Finally, Al Rayan Bank’s Everyday Saver (Issue 3) ranks tenth with an AER of 2.81 percent. A minimum of £5,000 must be deposited to open this account and interest is calculated and credited to the account on the last day of every month. People can make unlimited withdrawals without penalty and up to £1million can be invested overall. 