Jake Paul smacked a fellow YouTube star so hard he soiled himself in what appeared an attempt to warn Tommy Fury ahead of their bout this month. On February 26, the two will finally conclude a volatile feud when they go head-to-head in Saudi Arabia, with both stars putting unbeaten professional records on the line. The pair squared up to each other at the SSE Arena in London last week, ahead of the main event clash which saw Artur Beterbiev overcome Anthony Yarde in a titanic clash. Predictably, things got messy, and then 'The Problem Child' further irked his rival by inadvertently announcing the birth of Fury and Molly-Mae Hague's new baby girl, before the couple themselves had a chance to do so. And Paul, 26, has now used a fellow internet influencer to send out a message. He and Preston Lopez had a wager on the outcome of the TCU vs Georgia college American football match, which Georgia won 65 – 7. Unfortunately for Lopez, he agreed to take a punch from Paul if TCU were defeated. The R&B singer stayed true to his word though, jetting off to Puerto Rico where Paul conducts his training camps. A report in The Sun described how the man who beat former UFC star Anderson Silva last year threw a right which caught Lopez flush, leaving him in evident pain. JUST IN: Anthony Joshua at the centre of explosive Dillian Whyte rant as 'bull***t' promise broken Having hit the deck, Lopez unashamedly shouted out: “Oh yeah, I pooped a little bit," leaving his shocked sparring partner to ask: “Did you actually s*** yourself?" Lopez replied: “It feels a little wet," leaving Paul to usher him towards the bathroom. Paul has twice arranged to fight Fury before, only for Tyson's younger brother to withdraw on both occasions. In late 2021 he cited illness and injury, and then last year claimed he was barred from travelling to the US for the re-arranged contest. And he seemed to appreciate Lopez at least sticking to the bet, saying: “This kid is out of his mind, bro, but I respect it, he showed up and took it.” DON'T MISS:Boxing fans express disgust at record-breaking Floyd Mayweather vs Aaron Chalmers PPV feeKell Brook releases statement after being filmed snorting white powder at homeTyson Fury 'delaying' Oleksandr Usyk fight as new details on super fight come to light The Fury camp have sent out their share of warnings too though. In an angry video message, Tommy's father John said: "You think Tommy is not going to show up, you're going to be very disappointed and mistaken. We're one million per cent going to be there. We can't wait to get this fight done with you." He added Paul had no chance of prevailing, adding: "Be prepared to be taken out that ring on a stretcher my friend, that's what's happening to you. You've got no chance at all, I don't give you any chance whatsoever. Not even a remote chance or a puncher's chance."