Rafa Benitez left Jamie Redknapp in stitches on Saturday night after the ex-Newcastle and Liverpool manager failed to recreate a famous Sky moment from his time as Reds manager. Benitez was in the Sky Sports studio as Newcastle hosted Liverpool in the Premier League. Benitez was manager of Liverpool between 2004 and 2010 and led the Merseyside giants to Champions League success in 2005 after masterminding a stunning comeback against AC Milan in the final. But one famous moment during Benitez’s time in the northwest came when Liverpool hosted Everton in a Merseyside derby. Sky Sports were in town to cover the match and, with Liverpool leading 2-0, the camera operator zoomed in on Benitez. The Spaniard happened to be signalling to his players with his right hand at the time. And as he moved his hand across the television screen, a caption followed in tandem with the manager’s name on it. The hilarious moment had some fans insisting that Benitez was some sort of magician and the moment remains a famous one at Sky. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar make £5bn offer, Sir Jim Ratcliffe bid, four buyers at table  Fast forward well over a decade and Benitez was given the opportunity to repeat the feat in front of presenter Kelly Cates and pundit Redknapp. But the former Premier League manager went too early as he attempted to recreate his previous effort. “Again Rafa, do it again,” came the voices of Redknapp and Cates in the studio, but the 62-year-old’s second attempt was no better. “Come on, you’ve got to time it guys,” Redknapp shouted at his Sky colleagues. And after Benitez failed for a third time, the ex-Liverpool midfielder conceded: “You can only do magic once.” DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race  Benitez, who won two La Liga titles with Valencia before moving to Anfield, went on to guide Liverpool to FA Cup success in 2006 before taking over from Jose Mourinho at Inter Milan following his Reds departure. And he led the Italian team to the Club World Cup in his first season at the San Siro Stadium. Benitez returned to the Premier League with Chelsea in 2012 and helped the club win the Europa League title. He then won the Italian Cup with Napoli before embarking on an ill-fated six-month spell with Real Madrid during the first half of the 2015/16 campaign. Benitez took charge of Newcastle in March 2016 and, although he couldn’t save them from relegation from the Premier League, he stayed at St James’ Park and guided the Magpies to Championship promotion the following season. After leaving Newcastle in 2019, he had an 18-month stint in charge of Chinese side Dalian Professional, before returning to England once again to oversee Everton in July 2021. But his time at Goodison Park was miserable and he was given his marching orders at the start of last year. 