Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has opened up after his side's 2-2 Europa League draw with Barcelona. The Red Devils posed a threat throughout the entirety of the contest at the Nou Camp. However, a late goal from Raphinha meant they were denied a crucial victory in Catalonia on a memorable night of footballing action. Manchester United fell behind against Barcelona in the 50th minute, with Marcos Alonso heading home from a corner. However, a powerful strike from Marcus Rashford and a Jules Kounde own goal then turned the tide. Barcelona were able to claim a draw through Raphinha, with the former Leeds star curling home an effort to earn his side a draw. During the match, Ten Hag was left enraged following a tackle from Jules Kounde on Rashford. Though the incident took place outside the box, the Dutchman was livid at the failure to give his side anything with the foul abundantly clear. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford And Ten Hag let rip at the officiating after the game, telling BT Sport: “We had a lot of character and determination in this team. “The belief that we had to score the first goal, the meaning of scoring the first goal, is so important, and that’s what we didn’t do. “We turn it around when we were down, and then also I think the refereeing had a big influence in this game. “I think it was a clear foul on Rashy, you can discuss if it’s in or outside the box…” When told it happened outside the box, he continued: “Okay, then it was a red card because he was one-on-one with the goalkeeper so it was a big influence, not only on this game, but in this round. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “A referee can’t make such a mistake.” While the Barcelona star won’t serve a suspension following the decision not to dismiss him, the Catalan giants will still be depleted. Gavi has been ruled out of the second leg through suspension, having picked up a yellow card during the contest. Pedri was forced out of the contest, with suggestions already emerging saying he’ll miss the game at Old Trafford next week. And Barcelona are still without Ousmane Dembele, with the France international not expected to return for another two to three weeks. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag also hailed Rashford for his performance, saying the United star is a man in ‘great form’ following his 22nd goal of the season. "Of course I will credit Rashford definitely because he is in great form, but the whole team did well,” he said. “I think it was a really good team performance. "It's not only about Wout [Weghorst], but he did well in that position. But it gives a lot of variation but also I want Jadon [Sancho] and Bruno [Fernandes] getting in the half-spaces and get them on the ball and also make runs from deep. “With the full-backs joining in we had a lot of chance and a lot of opportunities and we should have won this game."