Reese Witherspoon, 46, appeared in just two episodes of Friends in 2000. However, the moments spent with her on-screen sister Jennifer Aniston, 53, were so memorable the actress can still recite their conversations to this day. Although they have worked together since, Jennifer and Reese first met in 2000 when the then 23-year-old landed the role of Jill Green, the younger sister of Jennifer’s iconic character Rachel. Reese had risen to fame as a film actress, starting in 1991 but became a household name in 1999 with her roles in Cruel Intentions, Best Laid Plans and Election. Walking on to the Friends set the next year, the budding starlet was intimidated by the star power on set, particularly by Matt LeBlanc. She recalled, speaking on Late Night with Seth Meyers: “I was terrified. READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's 'purge of the old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady “My body was there, and my head and my brain was somewhere else.” Reese appeared on the show in the height of its success, and remembered her thoughts as she walked into the iconic Central Perk coffee shop. She shared: “Oh, my god, there's Joey. Oh, my god, and then wait. Joey said to me, '’How you doin’?’ “I was terrified, but (Jennifer) was so sweet to me, she was like: ‘'They don't care if you mess up. They actually like it better when you mess up’.” Reese also shared that she keeps track of how long ago she made her cameo, as she had just given birth to her daughter Ava before arriving on the show. She added: “That's how I know it was 23 years ago, because now my baby is 23.” Reese’s character, although a very small part of the show, is still memorable for the actress as she also recalled one particular line that she cannot forget involving Jennifer and David Schwimmer’s characters. She said: “The funny storyline was I started dating Ross because she and Ross were on a break. “She gets really jealous and she's like: ‘You can't date Ross.’ “And I was like: ‘I can't? The only thing I can't have is dairy.’' The Legally Blonde star continued: “Their writing was so good on that show, so it's really memorable. “I have all sorts of funny, famous Friends lines that are stuck in my head.” Reese is now appearing alongside another famous 2000s sitcom star in her upcoming Netflix film Your Place or Mine. Reese stars as lead character Debbie, while her romantic partner is portrayed by That 70’s Show alum Ashton Kutcher. This is Ashton’s first major role in a decade after having quietly stepped back from acting to focus on his personal life and entrepreneurial ventures. The romantic comedy is also a first for Reese with Netflix and the actress is listed as a producer for the film too. Your Place Or Mine is set to be released on Netflix on February 10.