Graeme Souness has suggested that James Maddison is worth over £100million and has argued that Chelsea would have been better signing him than Enzo Fernandez. The Leicester star has been tipped to leave the club in the summer with Newcastle United and Tottenham among the side’s believed to be interested. Maddison has been a shining light for Leicester over the last 12 months with his performances. He has been central to Brendan Rodgers side’s fight against relegation this year and has scored nine goals and produced five assists in 18 appearances in all competitons. His performances earned him a place in the England squad for the World Cup however he did not see any on-field action after struggling with an injury. He has been linked with a move away in the summer with Newcastle and Tottenham among the clubs said to be circling. His contract expires in 2024 so the Foxes may be forced to sell him soon to avoid losing him for nothing. Now, Souness has shared his opinion on Maddison’s value, suggesting the player could be worth upwards of £100m given his obvious qualities. The Scotsman also slammed Chelsea for not trying to convince him to Stamford Bridge during their spending spree. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd “I think he’s a top man and I think it’s going to be very hard for them to hold onto him,” he told Sky Sports. “Maybe perhaps over 100 million quid for him from what we’ve seen. I’m saying they can spend £110 million, Chelsea, on Fernandez, you’re buying potential with him and he may be a great player. “Maybe a great player but maybe not, but he [Maddison] is a great player. The hardest thing in football is to get goals, he does that. He gets goals, and he creates.” It remains to be seen whether or not Leicester would be able to receive that kind of money for their prized asset but it appears unlikely given his contract situation. That did not deter Souness from waxing lyrical about the 26-year-old, tipping him for great things. “I think he’s destined for the biggest stage,” he explained. “ I think it’s going to be hard for Leicester to hold onto him. The hardest thing in midfield is to get what he possesses in abundance - he’s got a cute pass - the last two years he’s got the best stats than any midfield player. “13 assists, 21 goals from 52 games, he’s got the cute pass, he takes the ball in tight areas because his radar is fantastic, he knows where everything is when he’s receiving the ball so he can slip people in and he’s got an eye for goal. “I think he’s a cheeky chappy as well - I met him briefly in Portugal in the summer and he only bought me one drink so that’s a minus - but I like him. I was disappointed maybe because he was injured and he wasn’t used in the World Cup, but he is a top man. You have to have him in your team. He does the hardest things.”