Emmerdale fans often come up with their own theories about the ITV soap and after Paddy Kirk's (played by Dominic Brunt) disappearance, they think Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb) could make a return - but recast with a new actress. Debbie has a link to Paddy after he and Emily Kirk (Kate McGregor) took her in when she arrived in the village. Debbie hasn't been seen in the soap since 2020, but her name is often mentioned among the villagers. In recent scenes, Debbie's daughter, Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) decided to move up to Scotland with Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland). The big move came after Sarah discovered Chloe had a fling with Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb), which resulted in a pregnancy. Sarah decided to keep the affair a secret to save her grandmother, Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) from getting hurt. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis However, while nothing has been confirmed by ITV, many fans believe Debbie could make a return to the village from Scotland - but with a different actress in the role. Others have come to the conclusion that she could return after Sarah dies from her heart condition. Alex Davenport shared: "If Paddy keeps walking he'll end up in Aberdeen and Debbie will find him! #emmerdale." Ryan Glendenning theorised: "I think they'll bring Debbie back as a recast before the wedding? The actor who currently plays her says she isn't returning to the show." "Could Debbie come back??? #Emmerdale," Twitter user @ColchesterFan said. While user @GeorgiaBowring predicted Sarah's death, tweeting: "Emmerdale Are Debbie and Andy coming back for Sarah’s funeral?" It is unclear whether Debbie could make a return, but in an interview last year, show boss Jane Hudson said a major character could be coming back. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Jane teased: "I am busy working on summer storylines at the moment because I always like to have a bit of a spectacular. DON'T MISS...Father Brown star Mark Williams admits he made fan cry  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [REACTION]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [SPOILERS] "So if I say that I've got to come up with something now." When asked about any cast returns, Jane teased: "I can't tell you that." She went on to hint that she's waiting for the soap star to confirm their comeback. Debbie has always been close with Paddy, and with his mental health declining, could she come back to help? The beloved vet has been struggling to cope ever since he discovered his wife Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) was having an affair. The pair were forced to live under the same roof as they tried to co-parent their daughter. However, in recent scenes, things got too much for Paddy and he decided to flee the village. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.