A mother has told how her son was left "livid" when she asked him to contribute £80 a month to household expenses - despite earning £900 a month. The mother asked for £20 a week amid the cost of living crisis as she said her family is struggling financially. The unnamed mother took to Mumsnet to share the story. She revealed her son, who is going to university next year, is earning £900 a month thanks to his part time job. The mother had asked her son, 18, to pay £80 a month to cover the child benefit she will lose when he starts university in September. However, the teen was left "f****** livid" by his mother's request, leading her to wonder whether her ask was legitimate. She received mixed reactions, with some saying she was within her rights to ask her son to contribute if the family is feeling the squeeze, but others said her son would need the money at university more than she does.  The mother gave more details about her son's financial situation, explaining that if her son gave her £20 a week, it would make up for the monthly £60 she stands to lose when he goes to university, reports MailOnline. "He's at college and due to go to university in September he's saved around £2,000 for this already," she added. However, her son had a strong reaction to her request, and is "absolutely and completely f****** livid about this situation," she said. "Things are really, really tough for us at the moment if that makes any difference," she said, to justify why she had to ask her son to contribute financially. READ MORE: History at a 'turning point' as Putin's message 'loses power'  Some believed the son should contribute to the household finances to help his parents if they are struggling financially. "He has very few other outgoings. £80/month will not put him in the poorhouse or damage his uni savings, but it might help him to understand that life costs money," one said. "Welcome to the real world little boy," another added. Another said: "It's not ideal because it would be good if he could save the majority towards uni, but the fact is he's an adult and he's earning a wage and the family is struggling." 