  Mark Labbett, 57, has discussed his impressive 10 stone weight loss and how, despite being tempted by weight loss surgery, he ultimately reached his goal through diet and exercise alone. Mark, who goes by ‘The Beast’ in popular ITV quiz show The Chase, has also been forced to deny getting a plastic band.      The star has even said he now struggles to finish a roast dinner and "eats a fraction" of what he used to due to his totally new diet. Mark said: "I’m not really trying to diet, I’m just being sensible, people say you’ve had the gastric sleeve or band, and I haven’t. "And how you can tell is look at my face, do I look like I’m drawn? I’ve lost it slowly." According to the NHS, a gastric band is “a band is placed around your stomach, so you do not need to eat as much to feel full.” READ MORE: Amanda Abbington opens up on romance after Martin Freeman split     "I was tempted by the gastric band but a good friend of mine who's a GP, said my problem is sugar, I have a sweet tooth," he continued in his exclusive interview with The Sun. "A gastric band is useless for me because sugar metabolises quite quickly, so I’ve done it the old fashion way by eating a bit less and I’ve tried to go to the gym." Mark explained how he opted again the weight loss procedure even though, at his heaviest, he weighed 378 lbs - and he’s grateful that he chose to put in the work instead. The quizzer went on to note how he “struggles to eat” a standard carvery and that he now fills up much more on liquids.      Mark revealed that, since his life-changing weight loss, he dropped 10 stone and is now “down to 20 stone”. When he was a full-time teacher back in 2003, before he joined The Chase, Mark was at his heaviest weight of 29 stone. The star was subsequently diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes in 2016 and had to undergo some dramatic lifestyle changes to stop his health from declining further. In January 2022, Mark received plenty of praise after he shared a picture of himself shirtless to social media to show off his weight loss. READ MORE... Kate Garraway shares rare pic of husband Derek in tribute to carer [NEWS] Mike Tindall admits he will not attend Chris Moyles' birthday bash [NEWS] Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [INSIGHT]      His caption read: “52 inch chest so down from 5xl to 2xl, still work to do…..xl or bust :).” (sic) Mark also previously spoke about deciding not to get a gastric band when he appeared on Loose Women last year. He explained he was advised by his friend not to undergo the procedure because of how he gets his calories from sugar, which is hard to digest. He also credited his son for his weight loss, saying: “The principal thing is running after a hyperactive toddler when nurseries have been shut.      “I'm sure every woman knows this, how do you keep up with them? “I found at the end of the evening instead of going to the fridge for late night snacking, all I could do was collapse on the bed.” (sic) The Chase returns tomorrow at 5pm on ITV.   