Kate Garraway, 55, shared a message of "hope" on Instagram as she opened up about her “tricky” past couple of days amid her husband’s ongoing long Covid battle. In view of her 1.1 million followers, the Good Morning Britain star uploaded a close-up picture of some yellow flowers as she penned a reflection in the caption. Kate Garraway She wrote: “So this is why I love nature and gardening so much - after a tricky 48 hours of feeling like am trudging up hill on ice my first crocus bursts up - the spirit of life and hope in gorgeous yellow form!! @smoothradio #lovenature #hope #love” Kate was met with a flurry of messages from fans, who took to the comments section to send her their support. Margaret.thompson.125 said: “I’m sure people don't realise the struggles you have. “Looking after Derek, keeping down a job, taking charge of finances, looking after the kids. All takes strength. Enjoy the garden x” Stephanie_barrows added: “Such a wonderful life-affirming moment when we see nature bursting into bloom. “Hope things improve for you and yours.” Bridgwatersharon commented: “You are so amazing Kate. Hope Derek and children are okay xx” Nuttey.nan chimed in: “Massive hugs and love to you all xx.” The update comes after Kate uploaded a rare picture of her husband Derek Draper smiling from his bed at home during the weekend. The broadcaster paid tribute to his "inspiring" carer who has been supporting the family during Derek’s Covid ordeal. Derek requires constant medical attention after Covid complications left him fighting for his life in 2020. In the post, Derek could be seen sitting up in bed in the family’s London home and smiling at his carer, Jake, who was holding his hand. DON'T MISS...Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [PICTURES]Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUISIVE]Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INTERVIEW] “Many of you will remember Jake who cared for Derek when he first came out of hospital in April 21 - from the documentary #caringforderek,” Kate wrote. “So you will know what a wonderful healthcare professional he is,” she continued in the picture caption. “But have just found out he’s also an amazing musician - under the name @sencymiller.x,” she added, tagging the carer’s account. “He’s just released a song called #okukuseku (check it out in his bio),” Kate continued. “Which no surprise is full of love and inspiration to keep going and never give up. “The world of carers never fails to surprise me with their depths of talent, thoughtfulness and motivation #happyfriday all!” (sic) she signed off with a heart emoji. Derek was previously in a coma, and has also since been diagnosed with sepsis and a kidney infection. His beloved wife Kate has been by his side throughout and documented her family’s experience in ITV’s Finding Derek, followed up by its sequel Caring for Derek.