 Nicola Bulley's partner has aired his frustrations as the police continue their desperate hunt for the missing mum. Engineer Paul Ansell, 44, has said he is “appalled” after the Police failed to respond to his plea to hold a joint press conference.    It was also revealed that Ansell is “frustrated” with the Police’s lack of “imagination and willpower” as the search for his missing partner nears the third week. He spoke to forensic expert Peter Faulding, who is supporting the family, about his concerns. Mr Faulding told the Mail: “He’s got a relationship with the police family liaison officers, but I think he’s struggling to get answers that he wants. “He’s got a line of communication with them, but I think there’s a problem. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's distraught partner 'frustrated with police'  “He vented his frustrations to the family liaison officers last week in front of me when I was there. He said ‘Why can’t you go and search buildings in the village?’ “They said they can’t because they need a search warrant. He said ‘Well, you could just ask them.’ People would happily let them in, the whole village is behind him. “There’s a feeling that there’s just a lack of imagination and willpower. "I don’t want to be critical of police, but I’m just giving his thoughts really.”  DON'T MISSTurkey's earthquake has claimed more than 35,000 lives [UPDATE]New scans could identify those at risk of heart attacks 'years' early [INSIGHT]Private investigator says missing mum Nicola Bulley 'may be alive' [REVEAL] This comes after Bulley’s close friend revealed that Ansell has appealed to Mercedes for help tracking the car keys after it emerged they had been with the mother-of-two when she disappeared. Close friend Heather Gibbons revealed that “one of the first things” that Ansell did after realising Bulley was missing was to contact Mercedes to see if the keys could be tracked. Ms Gibbons told the Sun: “Paul has been clear about Nikki's keys being missing from the get go.” Bulley had just dropped her daughters, aged six and nine, off at school before setting off for a walk with her dog Willow along the path by the River Wyre. She vanished shortly after with her phone found still connected to a Microsoft Teams call on a bench by the riverbank and her dog running loose nearby.  