A homeless man has been given a makeover by a compassionate barber resulting in a transformation that left him looking "15 years younger". Philadelphia-based barber, Joshua Santiago has been travelling around the United States for the past seven years in his mobile barbershop, named 'Empowering Cuts'.  He has been giving free haircuts to homeless people. The van offers various facilities for clients, such as a television and a restroom, and aims to provide a safe haven during the grooming process. The barber has been sharing videos of his free makeovers on TikTok, where he has amassed over 300,000 followers. In a latest video shared on his TikTok, Joshua gave an impressive transformation to a man with a long, tangled head of hair and an unruly beard a much-needed trim.   During their conversation, the man expressed a desire for a fresh start after being homeless for an extended period. In the clip, which has gained more than 1,000 likes, Josh wrote: "I had the opportunity to cut this gentleman's hair. "During our conversation, he said 'just cut it all off. I'm ready for a change. "After being homeless for quite some time, I'm ready to go back home.'" READ MORE: US diverts four Russian warplanes flying near where UFO was shot down  The transformation was widely praised by TikTok viewers, with many claiming that the man appeared to have lost over a decade in age. Some viewers expressed surprise at the man's youth, while others wished him well on his "new journey". One user said: "Unrecognisable.. what a way to kick off a life change." Another added: "Took 15 years off him." A third commented: "What a difference!! Good luck in your new journey, you hit this." DON'T MISS:Suspected Channel people smuggler shot in French migrant camp [INSIGHT]Woman sparked debate for calling other mums ‘lazy’  [REVEAL]Keir Starmer throws challenge to hard-left Labour MPs [SPOTLIGHT] "Made him look so much younger. I hope he made it home," a fourth wrote. Other users were shocked that he was "so young" and declared he was a "beautiful man" under the matted locks. On a GoFundMe page, Mr Santiago invites people to donate to support his business putting a smile on vulnerable people's faces. He says: "You know the great feeling you have whenever you walk out of a hair salon or barbershop with a fresh haircut? "You feel refreshed and alive! There is just something about a great haircut that puts a bounce back in your step! "Unfortunately, the cost of a haircut is often not within reach as some must first prioritise where their next meal is coming from or where they will be sleeping that night." 