Nicola Bulley has been missing since January 27, when the mum-of-two seemingly disappeared while walking her dog by the River Were in Lancashire. The police have since announced in a controversial statement last week: “Nicola had in the past suffered with some significant issues with alcohol which were brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause and that these struggles had resurfaced over recent months." "This caused some real challenges for Paul and the family" the statement concluded, in reference to Nicola's partner Paul Ansell. Ulrika Jonsson, 55, who has frequently opened up about how the menopause has affected her personally, was left furious by the police’s revelation, which she has branded “deeply troubling” and “misogynistic”. Speaking out in her latest column, the TV presenter fumed: “The police have now created a different image in our heads of this woman, as someone who might potentially turn to alcohol because she couldn’t cope with her hot flushes. “Talk about blackening someone’s character.” READ MORE... Penny Lancaster wows on her and Rod Stewart's lookalike son's birthday The Shooting Stars panellist added in The Sun: “Imagine a man disappearing and the police making mention of his reproductive status. It simply wouldn’t happen.”  The star continued: “Menopause is no joy for the vast majority of women.  “I’ve written about it extensively and have lived it for the past ten years. It affects every woman differently: Physically, emotionally and psychologically.  “It’s this last effect the police are shining a light on, undeniably. “Are the police casting aspersions on a woman who might be enduring this difficult time by suggesting she’s vulnerable, or just that she’s no longer fertile?” Ulrika went on to say that she was infuriated by women, including Nicola, being “viewed through this one-dimensional prism of misogyny, disdain and disregard”. Following the police’s statement, Nicola’s family said the missing woman went through a “crisis” after she stopped taking hormone replacement drugs, which are commonly used to treat symptoms of the menopause, due to suffering side effects. They said: "Due to the perimenopause Nikki suffered with significant side effects such as brain fog, restless sleep and was taking HRT to help but this was giving her intense headaches which caused Nikki to stop taking the HRT thinking that may have helped her but only ended up causing this crisis." DON'T MISS:Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than everLiz Hurley flaunts figure as she spills out of tiny bikiniGabby Logan scolds husband Kenny Logan for discussing sex life The family went on to say that they want the focus of the public to stay on “finding Nicola” rather than “making up wild theories about her personal life”.  Their statement continued: "We, as a family, believe that the public focus has become distracted from finding Nikki, and more about speculation and rumours into her and Paul's private life.  "As a family, we were aware beforehand that Lancashire Police, last night, released a statement with some personal details about our Nikki.  "Although we know that Nikki would not have wanted this, there are people out there speculating and threatening to sell stories about her. This is appalling and needs to stop. "The public focus has to be on finding her and not making up wild theories about her personal life."  Lancashire Police have also been criticised by Home Secretary Suella Braverman.  A source close to Ms Braverman said: "The Home Secretary was concerned by the disclosure of Nicola Bulley's personal information by Lancashire Police and asked the force for an explanation, which was received yesterday evening".  Amidst the backlash, Lancashire Police have referred themselves to police watchdog the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), regarding contact the force had with Nicola prior to her being reported as a missing person.