Home renovation and styling influencer Sophie shared some simple tips which helped her to transform her kitchen into a “bespoke looking kitchen” while sticking to a strict budget. The mum-of-two, who shares interior design videos on Instagram and TikTok under the username @home_by_the_cloud revealed that her family were able to save £8,500 throughout the entire renovation project. The solution, according to Sophie, is to take some matters into your own hands. And while a little extra work may have gone into creating her dream kitchen, TikTok viewers have described the final result as “beautiful”. In a video, Sophie explained: “We created our bespoke-looking kitchen on a budget. We bought a standard inframe kitchen and added a mantle, skirting, cornice and end pillars.” She and her family ended up having no kitchen for five months while the renovations were underway, which is perhaps a little longer than if they had hired a team to take on every job. However, in a bid to stick to their budget, Sophie decided to carry out some jobs herself. She explained that she “saved money” by doing all of the decorating with her partner. “[We] did all of the decorating ourselves, saving £700,” she said. READ MORE: Eliminate ‘caked-on’ brown stains from oven door glass ‘in 2 minutes’ The £700 saving meant that the family were able to purchase a new fridge freezer without going over budget.  In her video, she continued: “[We] planned the kitchen ourselves and bought from DIY Kitchens saving £5,600. [And] bought our flooring from a factory flooring shop saving £2,200.” Though the couple opted for a standard fitted kitchen, they managed to elevate its look with a few simple tweaks. DON'T MISSI dried laundry with just a dehumidifier - here’s how long it took [INSIGHT]Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out [COMMENT]Interior designer's £42 tip to make your kitchen 'feel brand new' [INTERVIEW]  The £700 saving meant that the family were able to purchase a new fridge freezer without going over budget.  In her video, she continued: “[We] planned the kitchen ourselves and bought from DIY Kitchens saving £5,600. [And] bought our flooring from a factory flooring shop saving £2,200.” Though the couple opted for a standard fitted kitchen, they managed to elevate its look with a few simple tweaks.  Sophie recommends “adding skirting to the bottom of kitchen units” and painting it the same colour as the cupboard doors. One of her key suggestions is to add a mantle, which in the case of her kitchen is positioned above the hob. The mantle disguises the extractor fan in a far more chic and traditional way. Sophie also suggests implementing a cornice, a cabinet trim that fixes on the top of kitchen wall cabinets. TikTok viewers applauded the effort and savings Sophie managed to make, with one person saying: "You saved much more than £700 for a room that size plus no doubt you did a better job as DIY has no time limit." Another user named Mary added: "Very beautiful, great job." If you can't afford to fully renovate your kitchen, one way to add new life is with a splash of paint. Tash Bradley, director of interior design for Lick paint, told Express.co.uk how she managed to overhaul her kitchen with one can of £42 paint. We have a place that we have just decorated this weekend," she explained. "The kitchen was disgusting but I wasn't going to get a new kitchen." Tash continued: "Honestly, I thought a new kitchen can cost £10,000 and I don't have £10,000, so I said we're just going to spend two days [painting it]." She chose a bright colour to add some "fun" to the room and got to work painting the existing cabinets. "You only need one tin of paint," she explained. "I've never done a kitchen project where you need more than one tin and I'm like the difference it makes is unreal." Before you get to work painting your kitchen, make sure to double-check the type of paint you choose works on your surfaces. Next, remove all handles and fixtures. For the best results, Tash urges homeowners to pay close attention to the preparation process. "You prep it properly and you won't need a primer," she said. For some materials, this may mean sanding down the surface to help the paint stick. For others, the paint can be slapped straight on.