Ah, toilet paper, what would we do without you? Actually, I would rather not think about it. With many different varieties out there, choosing the one that is perfect for you can be quite the conundrum.  Supermarkets have come up with their own toilet paper to rival name brands such as Andrex, but how do they fare? Birmingham Live reporter Alison Brinkworth decided to investigate. Here is how she got on:    Alison wrote: "The latest trend is a move towards 'double rolls' that are said to last twice as long as they equate to the size of two rolls in one. "The promise of 'not having to change the roll as often' lured me in due to my inherent laziness but also excitement over a possible bargain. "I compared a range of toilet paper from major supermarkets and found they came in a variety of pack sizes, which made it hard to always find an exact like for like. "I aimed for the closest to a regular, cheapest four pack size available, which included some of the enticing 'double rolls'. "The bottom line comes down to that ideal balance between quality and value - and I found a dramatic price range starting from £1.39 at Morrisons to £2.15 at Asda. "Here is what happened when we put the supermarket own-brand toilet tissue to the test." Four rolls for £1.49 "Floralys is specially-made for Lidl and this four pack worked out in the middle range for value compared to the rest. "Each roll has 200 'leafs', which equates to around 16p per 100 sheets. "While the paper is tough and thick, it gave me a nasty surprise on the loo. "Rough and scratchy, Lidl's option is not pleasant or as soft as it promises. "Not quite as bad as sandpaper but not far off. This was by far the worst of the bunch and after several test tries I was relieved never to have to pick this up again." Alison gave Lidl a 1/5.  Six double rolls for £1.99 "Part of the Everyday Essentials range at Aldi this was the smallest pack I could find. "It's one of the new wave of double length rolls that's fatter and equates to 12 of the regular sized. "It works out at just 8p per 100 sheets and was the cheapest on price by a long way in this test. "I must admit, I like the idea of jumbo rolls as it lasts longer before it runs out, which is usually in the middle of the night or when I'm rushing to leave the house. "It fits just as easily on to the holder but the main problem with Aldi's version is that while it is soft, it is very, very, and I mean very, thin. "It means you have to use twice the usual amount, or more, which cancels out the 'double roll' effect. "This hit a real bum note with me but got a bonus point for its low price." Alison gave Aldi a 2/5. Six rolls for £1.39 "Part of the Savers range, it lived up to that name as it was the second cheapest value of those tested. It equates to around 13p per 100 sheets. "It's not particularly thick, but not super thin either. "The softness isn't bad but not as good as more expensive options in this comparison test. "Overall, this Morrisons option is adequate and doesn't offend, plus it gets a bonus point for its price." Alison gave Morrisons a 3/5. Four rolls for £1.69 "This Tesco option comes in mid range on price compared to the others. "It works out as 19.2p per 100 sheets in this four pack of regular rolls. "The feel of the tissue is kind on the derriere and has the added bonus of being imprinted with a flower design. "Very strong and a decent 2 ply tissue. "Although not the cheapest, the quality is much better than the more value options." Alison gave Tesco an impressive 4/5 Two double rolls for £2.15 "Another of the double roll options, this two pack from Asda promised to have twice the amount of sheets per roll which should last double the amount of time. "Shades toilet paper has a lovely softness to it while also being strong and thick. "It also did live up to lasting much longer than usual, which was a pleasant surprise after the Aldi disaster. "The disappointment for me was that I assumed a double roll would end up being a bargain as it saves on the cost of the cardboard middle. "This Asda option worked out at 29p per 100 pieces, and was the second most expensive of the bunch per sheet. "A good product but poor on price, so it got docked a point." Alison gave Asda a decent 3/5  Four rolls for £2.00 "Working out as 30p per 100 sheets, this was the most expensive per piece of all those tested. "Considering the price, I was surprised it didn't stand out as the most luxurious. "The regular rolls are sturdy and imprinted with not very attractive hexagon shapes. "Better to have nothing at all than these, in my view. "Although strong and fairly soft, the paper is still quite thin - about the same level as Morrisons, which is much cheaper. Docked a point for the price." Alison gave Sainsbury's a disappointing 2/5 "Direct comparisons of toilet roll are hard because there are so many styles - from quilted to luxury soft and basic - plus packaging sizes including the new trend of double rolls. "While I love the idea of double rolls, they ended up being a bitter disappointment over price or because, in the Aldi case, I had to use more than twice the amount anyway. "I had assumed they may be more of a bargain but that didn't end up being true for me. "Some of the cheapest were weak offerings and in the end, the favoured option was somewhere in the middle on both price and quality for a happy medium."