Patrick Mahomes and the Kansas City Chiefs certainly enjoyed themselves back in Missouri on Wednesday during their championship parade. The quarterback had himself a number of beers as the team rode on a bus parading the championship trophy around the city before getting on stage and addressing the fans.  Numerous videos have been shared across social media of Mahomes and his team chugging beers, with the quarterback appearing to stumble while on the roof of a red bus that drove the Chiefs through the crowded streets of Kansas City. Whilst wearing a custom-made WWE championship belt, Mahomes chugged a Coors Light beer and wore ski-goggles to celebrate winning his second Super Bowl and Super Bowl MVP after a dominant season from the 27-year-old quarterback. In one video in particular, Mahomes is chugging a beer and is held on top of the boss by former Chicago Bears head coach and current Kansas City quarterbacks coach Matt Nagy, with fans chanting 'MVP' at the quarterback. NFL reporter Dov Kleiman reacted to the videos, saying: "Mahomes if already so drunk." Mahomes was also seen stumbling out of a portaloo after he got off the bus to use the facilities, with fans cheering as he exited before holding another beer and getting back on the bus, before they got onto a stage. Triumphing in the Super Bowl was something that they had hoped to repeat since winning their first championship three years ago, when the Chiefs defeated the Niners in 2020. The team has continued to be dominant, heading to five straight AFC championship games - featuring in everyone while Mahomes has been the starter. And after a defeat in the 2021 Super Bowl, and losing star wide receiver Tyreek Hill last season, doubts had started to creep in about the future of the franchise and of Mahomes. But Mahomes performed as well as he ever had this past season, guiding the team to a win over the Eagles in the big game. Speaking on stage at the parade, he said: "This is just the beginning. We ain’t done yet. So I’ll make sure to hit y’all back next year, and I hope the crowd’s the same." The Chiefs will once again be favourites to be in next year's Super Bowl, looking likely to keep a hold of all their key players and even having room to improve their roster this off-season.