An American man in Saudi prison has had his sentenced lengthened in a "middle finger" to President Joe Biden, according to the jailed man's son. Saad Almadi was arrested in November 2021 over tweets deemed critical of the Saudi government. The State Department informed Ibrahim Almadi, his son, that his father's sentence had been extended from 16 years to 19 years on Wednesday. "It’s not a slap in the face, it’s a middle finger,” Ibrahim told the New York Post. He said his father had "lost more than 80 pounds" since his imprisonment. He raged: "When the US asked for an appeal, they said, 'Here you go, 19 years!'" Saad Almadi, 72, is a retired engineer and a naturalised US citizen, having immigrated to the states in the 1970s. He was arrested when he returned to Saudi Arabia to sell property owned by his family.  Since being imprisoned, Almadi has been kept in dire conditions deprived of a bed or chair and housed alongside terror suspects, according to his son. Although Biden has never publicly commented on the issue, the case has been brought up in numerous White House briefings. "The Saudi government understands the priority we attach to resolving this matter. Exercising the freedom of expression should never be criminalized," White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said at an October briefing. Just a week after the comments, White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said: "We respect and understand and sympathise with the anguish [of Almadi’s family]. We continue to work on these cases all around the world, as much as we can."  READ MORE: Meghan Markle should be 'very worried' about half-sister's lawsuit However, the State Department has so far not designated Almadi as "wrongfully detained" - a diplomatic term used to pressure leaders of other countries. The fresh sentencing led to bipartisan criticism of de facto Saudi ruler Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman, often known by his initials MBS. Republican Representative Ronny Jackson of Texas and a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, told the New York Post: "I would hope that the crown prince and folks would look at that and see that that’s just something they shouldn’t be doing. "We don’t do that here, obviously, and we don’t want to see that happen to folks in other parts of the world as well. We want everybody to have free speech everywhere."  DON'T MISS:America has 'little time' for Britain after Brexit, says US anchor [INSIGHT]Chinese spy balloon 'likely' gathered 'nuclear intelligence' [ANALYSIS]Meghan feels confident to 'go out on her own' as Harry acts a 'fool' [REPORT] Progressive Representative Illhan Omar, who was just removed from the Foreign Affairs Committee by Republicans over her criticism of Israel, also spoke to the paper on the issue, slamming President Joe Biden. The Democrat from Michigan said: "It is atrocious that the sensitivities of the royal family and the regime have led to severe limitations and crackdowns on basic civil liberties like the freedom of speech." She added: "[Biden] promised to make MBS a pariah and he hasn’t followed through and I’ve pushed the administration, Secretary of State Anthony Blinken and others, to take a hard line on some of these gross human rights violations." Ibrahim Almadi, who previously accused Biden of "selling" his father for oil after he didn't address the issue with MBS last July, said: "I want to see [Biden] give some recognition to my father." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 