Since Caleb Miligan (played by Will Ash) arrived in the village, Emmerdale fans have shared their own theories about his identity. And many think he isn't Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) half-brother, but Chloe Harris' (Jessie Elland) mystery dad. Despite getting off to a rocky start, Caleb seems to be winning Cain over and the duo even enjoyed a pint together at the pub. In a recent interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Jessie Elland teased the possibility of Chloe being Caleb's daughter. She also discussed whether her real dad's identity will ever be revealed. "I don't know if we will but I think it would be really interesting," Jessie said when speaking about meeting her dad. When asked about Caleb being her dad, the soap star teased: "I am just as excited as everyone else to see what happens with that one." READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered While nothing has been confirmed by the soap, fans have taken to social media to share their own theories. Carole wrote on Twitter: "I wonder when Caleb will be busted for not being Cain's brother, but being Amy & Chloë's Dad #Emmerdale." Vector said: "Plot twist: Caleb is actually Chloe's real (non-adoptive) father. So Mack's child is Caleb's grandchild and Moira's niece/nephew. "Well, you know how soapland scriptwriters like (A)long-lost relatives and (B)unlikely coincidences." (sic)  "Why do we know nothing about Caleb? Is Caleb Chloe’s gangster dad? Making him Amy’s dad? Making him Kyles' grandad? Making Amy Cain's niece? Surely not??" Bernadine theorised. While Ryan Glendenning added: "I still don't think Caleb is Cain's brother? "He's definitely Amy and Chloe's dad? I wonder if Kerry had an affair with Caleb?" Paul Gibbons went on to say: "Caleb pretending to be nice but it’s pretty obvious he will turn out to be Chloe’s “gangster” adopted father." (sic) DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [SPOILERS]Emmerdale's Bob Hope to lose beloved B&B after Bernice betrayal [INSIGHT]The One Show host issues apology after co-host makes error [VIDEO] During Thursday night's hour-long episode, Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) finally exposed Mack and Chloe's one-night stand. After faking an illness, the youngster was rushed to the hospital, but it was all a ploy to catch the cheating pair out.  When Sarah confronted Chloe and Mack from her hospital bed, they had no choice but to come clean about the baby. When asked whether the mum-to-be is worried about Sarah exposing the fling, Jessie admitted: "Yes. "I think especially for Chloe because they are so close and she feels awful for having to keep it a secret when it's kind of necessary for her survival. "I think Chloe is able to deal with it quite well, I think she's quite confident in her ability to you know, manipulate or conceal the truth. "So, I think she's more confident about it." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.