Since Call The Midwife first aired back in 2012, the nation has grown to love the midwives and nuns of Poplar as they tackle the ever-changing world throughout the late 50s and 60s. It looks as though the cast is just as loveable off-screen as 26-year-old Megan Cusak detailed how her co-stars welcomed her onto the BBC show two years ago.  Since joining Call The Midwife in series 10, fans have become extremely fond of the Irish nurse as her friendships with the other midwives and nuns have blossomed throughout the episodes. Arriving in Poplar by Catholic nuns from an orphanage, who seemed more than keen to transfer her, Nancy is known as a friendly and chatty character in the long-running period drama. Although many viewers know the nurse for being confident and outgoing, that wasn’t always the case for actress Megan Cusak. Appearing on Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh, the star revealing her debut scene in the show was also her first time ever filming on set.  READ MORE:Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain Playing a snippet to viewers of her introduction, Megan reflected on the experience as she commented: “I’m already astounded about the amount of crew that were there, that was a shock. “That was the third scene that I had to film which was with all the big shots, so it was absolutely nerve-wracking. “Watching that scene, I can feel the nerves that I was feeling then and I was just rushing, I said everything so quickly.” Alan replied that it was fitting with the scene and Nurse Nancy to be nervous as her role would’ve been intimated by joining a new workplace. The ITV host questioned if her colleagues on set for her first day were welcoming to her as the newest addition. Megan replied: “Oh my goodness, yeah, I mean it’s that thing people say how warm everyone is and you kind of go, ‘but are they?’ “I sort of went in going it’s a well-oiled machine. It's been going on for 10 years. They don’t necessarily have to be nice to me. “But they really were, they were so welcoming.”  DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Alya Nazir and Ryan Connor set to reunite [SPOILER] Furious Four in a Bed hotel owner warns guests 'on your bike' [VIDEO] Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show [REACTION]   Currently, the series is nearing the end of its 12th series which is set to see Trixie Franklin ( Helen George) have her big day with Matthew (Olly Rix). There are also fears for Sister Monica Joan (Judy Parfitt) as the long-running character took a turn for the worse in the penultimate episode after falling ill. Although due to the BAFTA Awards tonight, the BBC schedule has had a shakeup which has resulted in the finale being moved an extra week. With viewers unhappy with the two-week break, actress Helen George teased what people can expect to see in terms of her wedding.    Teaming up with BAFTA for a Q and A video on Instagram, the actress commented: “There’s photographic evidence out there that they get hitched and you know, there are a few teething problems along the way. “There’s a lot of fun to be had with that. We saw the last clip of the show but not the show in its entirety. “The last show is really beautiful, a beautiful shot of all of the community and Matthew and Trixie, it’s a very special moment I think at the end.” Call the Midwife continues Sunday, February 26 on BBC One at 8pm Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh continues Sundays on ITV from 9:30am 