Zelensky claimed that he just informed Moldovan President Maia Sandu about the alleged plot when speaking to European Union authorities in Brussels. Speaking through a translator, the Ukrainian leader told the assembly: "I have informed her that we have intercepted the plan of the destruction of Moldova by the Russian intelligence." According to Zelensky, the documents demonstrated "who, when, and how" the plan would "destroy Moldova's democracy and establish authority over Moldova." He argued that the strategy was reminiscent of Russia's attempt to annex Ukraine. President Zelensky said he didn't know id Moscow ultimately gave the command to carry out the plan. After Zelenskyy’s comments, Moldova’s Intelligence and Security Service released a statement confirming it has received "respective information from our Ukrainian partners” and said it has also identified "subversive activities, aimed to undermine the Republic of Moldova, destabilize and violate public order." "At the moment, we cannot provide more details as there is a risk of jeopardizing various ongoing operational activities," the statement read, adding that all of Moldova’s state institutions "are working at full capacity and will not allow these challenges to happen." Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov charged last week that the West was considering turning Moldova into "another Ukraine." He alleged that the West backed the 2020 election of the pro-Western Sandu, claiming that she is eager to take the country into NATO, merge Moldova with Romania, and "practically is ready for anything." In December, Moldova’s national intelligence agency warned that Russia could launch a new offensive this year with the aim of creating a land corridor through southern Ukraine to Moldova’s Moscow-backed breakaway region of Transnistria.  Transnistria broke away after a 1992 civil war but is not recognized by most countries. It extends roughly 400 kilometers from the eastern bank of the Dniester River to the country’s border with Ukraine. Russia has about 1,500 troops nominally as "peacekeepers" in the breakaway region. It comes Zelensky completed a tour of Europe to visit his key allies, returning home with a significant amount of support, promises of further military assistance, and France's most prestigious medal of honor. DON'T MISSZelensky fights back tears as he makes impassioned plea to EU leaders [INSIGHT]Roger Waters condemned after Pink Floyd star blames ‘provocateurs’ [ANALYSIS]Russians fighting for Ukraine vow to topple Putin [INSIGHT] The European Union's 27 leaders gathered in Brussels to show their unwavering support for Ukraine as Russia is suspected to be preparing for a new offensive on the one-year anniversary of the war on February 24th. Accompanied by French President Emmanuel Macron, who awarded him the Grand Cross of France's Legion of Honor, Zelensky has looked to ensure that Europe remains committed to supporting Ukraine. The need for Russia not to win the war is pressing, especially as a US-based think tank has reported that Russian forces have taken the initiative in Ukraine and started a new major offensive in the Luhansk region.