Epsom College's rifle range has been one of the school's main attractions for over a century, but on Monday it became a potentially key aspect of an investigation into the death of the school's headteacher. Emma Pattison, her husband George, and their seven-year-old daughter Lettie were all found dead during the early hours of Sunday morning. Police have been investigating since then, and it is now understood that the case is being investigated as a double murder and suicide. Detectives reportedly suspect George killed his wife and child before taking his own life. On Monday, the school's rifle range was cordoned off while investigations continued. The Independent reported that this was done due to the building's proximity to the Pattison family home and was not part of the investigation.The Telegraph reported on Monday that gunshots were heard on the night of the tragedy, provoking staff to call emergency services. The rifle range is among its biggest attractions, and the school has a long history of success in the sport. The boarding school has won the Ashburton Shield 15 times - the highest number to be won by a single school. The Ashburton Shield is a historic trophy for rifle shooting in the UK. The Epsom rifle club is located at the school, and holds guest nights throughout the year, There are also two coaching sessions a month. It costs £15 to be given a safety briefing and introduction to the basics of shooting. Students are taught small bore shooting – .22 calibre rifles which are used indoors – and full bore shooting – and full bore target rifle shooting - the use of larger calibre firearms, which are shot outdoors at long range. Epsom College says that there are "many positive skills to be learned from shooting – concentration, self-discipline and sportsmanship in the first instance". It adds that "the art of focusing on the present moment and listening to the body are both hugely important, indeed, both techniques are used regularly in mindfulness training". Epsom College was given permission by the Home Office to form a rifle corps in 1890. The rifle range is an eight-lane, indoor facility with a "well-stocked armoury", as reported by the Telegraph. Schools must get approval from the Home Secretary to have rifle ranges, and guidance states that an experienced person must be in charge of a shooting club. David Nuttall is the current head of shooting at the school – he was formerly in the same role at Sedbergh College, in Cumbria. Schools must also have regular use of ranges suitable for the categories of firearm and the security arrangements for storing the firearms and ammunition must be "satisfactory". Guests are permitted to shoot at a school's shooting club for up to 12 days a year, as per Government guidance. These events allow parents and relatives to handle firearms and learn to shoot, but police must be notified 48 hours in advance. It is not known whether such events take place at Epsom College.