Manchester United are reportedly ready to sell Anthony Martial this summer. The France international has been plagued by injuries this term, missing 20 of their 34 games across all competitions. And news of his imminent summer exit means Joel Glazer’s experiment is primed to end, with the American long rating the 27-year-old. Manchester United signed Martial back in the summer transfer window of 2015, believing he’d be a potential Ballon d’Or winner in the future. But the France international has often blown hot and cold throughout his time at Old Trafford. Hopes were high he’d kick on this season following the appointment of Erik ten Hag, especially after shining on the club’s tour of Thailand and Australia last summer. But injuries have hampered him this term, with the forward missing more matches than he’s played in. Glazer has always rated Martial and it’s previously been suggested he views the United hitman as the club’s very own version of Brazil icon Pele. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford However, after years of inconsistency, that experiment is now primed to end. The Manchester Evening News say that, even before Martial’s latest setback, United had decided to put the striker on the market. Wout Weghorst appears a more trustworthy option up top these days, with the Netherlands international playing regularly since his summer arrival from Burnley. And United plan on signing an upgrade at the end of the season. Harry Kane is one player they’ve long admired, with interest dating back to when Louis van Gaal ruled the roost. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The Tottenham star’s contract is due to expire in the summer of 2024 and, as things stand, no renewal appears to be forthcoming. United have failed to sign a player from Spurs since Dimitar Berbatov crossed the divide back in 2008. However, the Red Devils could still go after Kane nonetheless - with Tottenham likely to demand a fee close to £80million to let their talisman go. Another player United admire is Napoli’s Victor Osimhen. The Nigeria international has been in fine form this season, bagging 16 goals from 17 Serie A appearances so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And United, having admired the player since his time in Ligue 1 with Lille, could feasibly go after Osimhen come the end of the season. Benjamin Sesko is another option, even though he’s agreed to join RB Leipzig at the end of the season. And Mohammed Kudus and Goncalo Ramos, of Ajax and Benfica respectively, are being eyed as potential targets as well. Regarding Martial, the United star was absent as his side battled to a 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace on Saturday. And Ten Hag explain the absence of the Frenchman by saying: "He had a set back from the game when he returned [against Nottingham Forest], he dropped a little bit back.  “We have to wait, we have to be patient." Martial hasn’t played 90 minutes in the Premier League since a 2-1 defeat to Sheffield United back in January 2021. It is unclear when he’ll return from injury, with the Red Devils next in action against Leeds on Wednesday night (8pm).