Chelsea boss Graham Potter faces the sack if he doesn't pick up results in his next three games, reckons Jamie O'Hara. The Blues have won just one of their last 10 matches in all competitions ahead of Sunday's trip to Tottenham. Potter is under huge pressure for his position at Stamford Bridge. After the short trip across London to play Spurs, Chelsea host Leeds next Saturday before the return leg of the Champions League last-16 tie versus Borussia Dortmund. Former Tottenham midfielder O'Hara believes the match on March 7 against Dortmund could be Potter's final game in charge. Chelsea trail 1-0 from the first leg and O'Hara disagrees with claims that owner Todd Boehly should stick by Potter even if results do not pick up. He said on talkSPORT: "Graham Potter's next three games. He's got Tottenham tomorrow which is massive, then he's got Leeds and then he's got Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Arteta makes complaint over players after Leicester win  "If he doesn't get three big results, I think he could go. Chelsea fans don't agree with me, Jason Cundy keeps saying 'no, no, there'd be no point sacking him'. I'm telling you, he loses them next three games, he's gone." Boehly backed Potter in the January transfer window, taking his spend in the market to over £600million. Despite the poor run of results, Potter continues to get support from the Chelsea hierarchy. But former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor says there must come a point where Potter can't get anything more out of the players. He believes a change of manager towards the end of the season would be beneficial heading into a fresh campaign. DON'T MISSNewcastle fans take over Trafalgar Square in their thousands ahead of cup finalBarcelona star Lewandowski 'involved in dressing room argument' after Man Utd lossRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man Utd  Working alongside O'Hara, Agbonlahor said: "You say there's no point sacking him but if I'm an owner and I've put in that much money, I want success straight away. You can lose the odd game and win one and lose one and win one. "But I'd be thinking go and get another manager, give him 10 games until the end of the season, get him used to these players, choose which ones he wants, hopefully the ones that have been bought recently! "But the ones that he doesn't want, he can be like 'alright then, at the start of next season this is my team, I've had 10 games with them, I know what I want'. There's no point just keeping Potter in if he's not getting a tune out of these players because the season's done."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here