Among the top flops were lumps of flour or eggshell being in the mix, pancakes sticking to the pan, and running out of ingredients. It also emerged that February 21st will see an average of five pancakes made per household, but 19 percent of them won’t be a success. Based on the number of homes in the UK, this will result in 25,133,195 pancakes being classed as inedible. Nearly a third (32 percent) claim the first pancake they make is always the worst, and 23 percent consider it the practise run. The research, commissioned by Utilita Energy as part of its Bill Busters series, also revealed one in five (19 percent) make too much batter. To combat waste, the supplier has worked with chef Jamie Oliver to create a pancake calculator. Archie Lasseter, Utilita Energy’s sustainability lead, said: “It’s ironic that a day that was traditionally created to use up leftover ingredients, has now resulted in a lot of waste – and all the while, the cooking costs will be adding up. “It’s always a fun event, testing out our flipping skills and getting creative with toppings, but this year more than ever, people will be wary of the cost. “To help households budget, after answering a few basic questions, our smart calculator reveals the exact ingredients required, and how much each pancake will cost to make and cook.” The research also found when people experience a mishap with their pancake, it’ll likely end up in the bin (38 percent) – although 29 percent eat it no matter what, and 11 percent will feed it to their pet. Brits only rate their flipping skills a five out of ten on average, and typically make two lots of batter before it’s “right”. But 46 percent think mishaps are part of the experience of pancake day. And while 71 percent would prefer their pancakes to be overcooked, 16 percent opt for undercooked. Despite three-quarters (76 percent) feeling confident when making their own batter from scratch, only 62 percent do so on pancake day. One in three (32 percent) will buy a ready-made mix, either to save time (54 percent), to avoid wasted ingredients (42 percent), or because they believe it’s cheaper than buying separate food items (31 percent). Nearly six in ten (59 percent) use what they already have in the home, in keeping with the traditional meaning of Shrove Tuesday – but 31 percent buy new especially for the occasion. Those polled, via OnePoll, estimated the cost of ingredients at 30 pence, while they think the energy used to make a single pancake amounts to 10 pence. However, Utilita’s stats revealed it’s much less – just 18 pence for the ingredients, and only a penny to cook a pancake, on average.