A mum has insisted she's "not paying a penny" after entering the wrong number-plate details when paying for parking. Eileen Povey claims she made a "genuine mistake" when she entered a 0 (zero) instead of an O into the ticket machine, and that she shouldn't have to pay a £100 fine. Speaking to Birmingham Live, "law abiding" Eileen said she was "shocked" to be presented with a £60 fine after paying the 50p charge to park her car in Church Road car park, Erdington in January. The Tesco customer service manager says she is "ready to go to court" after her appeal to parking company I Park Services was unsuccessful. Emails and letters seen by Birmingham Live show how Eileen's fine has now been increased to £100 after her appeal was rejected. The mum, who is in the process of moving to Tamworth, is adamant her actions were "genuine" and says she made a "simple human error". "I'm not paying a penny," said a defiant Mrs Povey. "It says on the letter that if I pay the fine then I accept liability, but I don’t accept liability so I'm not paying. "I'll take them to court. If I had blatantly not bothered to pay, I would have accepted the fine - but I'm a law-abiding citizen.  "I know I paid the parking charge. I emailed the company saying it might be possible that I put the number 0 in instead of the letter O, but they told me the fine still stood. "I have asked for CCTV footage to show I paid - and evidence of what I actually entered into the machine - but they have refused to give me either." Eileen has slammed fines based on a 'simple human error' and said they could 'tip people over the edge' at a difficult financial time. "It's been a very stressful experience, I'm worried I'm going to get blacklisted," she said. "I'm moving house at the minute and now I have this to worry about too - all for the sake of a 50 pence parking charge. "Things are tight at the minute. People can't put money on their gas and electricity but for the sake of 50p I’m being ordered to fork out £100 - it’s a lot of money." Letters seen by Birmingham Live addressed to Mrs Povey from I Park Services confirm she is liable for a Parking Charge to the sum of £100. The letter states if payment was received within 14 days, then a reduced amount of £60 would have been accepted. I Park Services Ltd has been approached for a comment. 