If Manchester United head coach Erik ten Hag was keeping tabs on Eintracht Franfkurt's 2-0 Champions League defeat to Napoli, he is likely to have gained clarity on two potential summer transfer targets. Both Randal Kolo Muani and Victor Osimhen have been heavily linked with moves to Old Trafford in the past few months given the Red Devils are expected to invest in a new marquee No 9 at the end of the campaign. Wout Weghorst was signed on loan from Burnley in January as a stop-gap solution but there's an appreciation that United now need to find a long-term centre-forward capable of elevating this team to new heights. Frankfurt and Napoli's last 16 first-leg showdown in Germany was the perfect chance for United to cast an eye over both attackers and ultimately, it was Osimhen that once again put his name up in lights. The Nigerian frontman is in blistering form this season having struck 18 times in Serie A - more than any other player - as he seeks to fire the Partenopei to their first Scudetto since 1990. Napoli are 15 points clear at the top of the pile and they carried their exceptional domestic form over and onto the continental stage with a dominant performance against Eintracht. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Osimhen was at the heart of it, netting the opener at the back post before scoring an almost identical second that was correctly ruled out for offside. But one thing that United would have been able to take from the display is that Osimhen is always on the move. He is a nightmare for defenders and knows exactly where the ball is going to drop. Hirving Lozano was able to just feed the ball across the face of goal and every time, he knew Osimhen would have the pace and desire to get on the other end of the low cross - something he did not once but twice. You could forgive United supporters for purring at the prospect of Osimhen leading the line at Old Trafford as it's clear he would score hatfuls given the number of balls the Red Devils send into the box. Yet Osimhen is also exceptional in the air. His leap is among the best in world football and on countless occasions this season, he has displayed a phenomenal aerial threat. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light His headed goal against Spezia at the start of February saw him beat Cristiano Ronaldo's record for the highest vertical leap in Serie A after jumping 2.58metres. As shown last night in Frankfurt, he can also link the play and form strong relationships on the pitch. His natural chemistry with Georgian sensation Khvicha Kvaratskhelia was once again clear for all to see. Swap Kvaradona with Marcus Rashford next season and Ten Hag could really be onto a winner - even if a transfer is likely to cost upwards of £100million. On the flip side, Kolo Muani endured a night to forget as he was shown a straight red card following a dangerous second-half lunge on Andre-Frank Zambo Anguissa. Although Kolo Muani wreaked havoc at the World Cup with France particularly in the semi-final against Morocco and final against Argentina, he looked like a rabbit in the headlights on this occasion when his team needed him most. Obviously, that does not undo all of the good work he has carried out this season having scored 15 goals and made 14 assists in all competitions but given the price Frankfurt are likely to demand, Osimhen definitely represents better investment. Their qualities are very similar but Osimhen is evidently the superior goalscorer. He is also more experienced having previously played in the Champions League with Lille before his move to Napoli in the summer of 2020. If this was a night when Ten Hag and United's recruitment team really were taking notice of both potential targets, it was Osimhen who reigned supreme. He will not come cheap. Napoli undoubtedly do not want to sell. Yet he could be worth every penny if United come up trumps. There would be no better way to start a new era under ownership than to bring the Nigerian to the club - he may just represent the final piece of the jigsaw.