Eugene Levy admitted he’d “love” to reunite with the cast of Schitt’s Creek for a big-screen stint. The hit comedy series came to a close after six seasons back in 2020 but when This Morning’s Josie Gibson and Dermot O’Leary quizzed the Johnny Rose star if Catherine O’Hara, son Dan Levy and co-star Annie Murphy could get the gang back together, Eugene didn’t exactly quash the rumours. “Could we expect a Schitt’s Creek film?” an excitable Josie asked Eugene after they’d discussed his upcoming stint in Apple TV’s The Reluctant Traveller. Eugene replied: “Well… You can expect it, you might not get it.” As Dermot and Josie laughed, the Schitt’s Creek star continued: “I think - listen, we’ve said we’re always keeping things open. “And Daniel, himself, has said it really depends on the idea of what it is because whatever it is, it has to elevate itself from the point where we left off to the point where we’re gonna pick up, you know.” READ MORE: BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness Eugene went on: “It has to keep moving up. When we hit that idea, I think - would we love to do it again? Yes. “Would we love to get back together with the cast again? Absolutely, it was just the best experience ever.” “But there’s nothing in the works right now,” Eugene confirmed before teasing: “But absolutely it’s something that we would love to do.” Needless to say, Eugene’s promising words had Josie and Dermot excited and fans at home were also quick to praise the actor. Twitter user @Beckie_Miller_ said of Eugene’s interview: “Love Eugene, love Schitt’s Creek #ThisMorning.” While @EmiliaCMorales similarly praised: “Eugene Levy was already such a legend but him on #ThisMorning had me dying. “Absolute GOAT. Can’t wait to watch his new show!! Like an American Karl Pilkington.” Eugene had already tickled the ITV presenting duo within moments of sitting down on the This Morning sofa. DON'T MISS:FBI Most Wanted star ‘out my comfort zone’ in three-part crossoverThe Rookie fans emotional after Annie Wersching tributeThe Mandalorian star admits wearing helmet was ‘like going blind’ “It’s always fun to be back in London,” he began. “I was hoping to hook up for lunch with King Charles while I was here. “I heard he was a big American Pie fan,” he joked as Josie and Dermot giggled. He continued: “But they won’t put me through, I can’t figure that out!” The final season of Schitt’s Creek saw the show go out with a bang, dominating the awards circuit in 2020. Eugene bagged an Emmy for his role of Johnny Rose in the Outstanding Lead Actor category while his on-screen wife Catherine bagged the gong for Outstanding Lead Actress for her portrayal of Moira Rose. His son Dan also won the Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series award while Annie Murphy’s Alexis Rose stint earned her the Outstanding Supporting Actress award. Schitt’s Creek also bagged Emmys for Outstanding Comedy Series, Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series, Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series, Outstanding Casting for a Comedy Series and Outstanding Contemporary Costumes. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.