Gabby Agbonlahor has compared the start of Todd Boehly and Clearlake's ownership to Chelsea to when Roman Abramovich bought the club in 2003. And he believes that while Boehly may not be as cut-throat as Abramovich when it comes to Graham Potter's job security, the Blues head coach could soon be at risk. Chelsea have splashed over £500million in their two transfer windows under Boehly and Clearlake and spent over £300m last month, more than the entire Premier League in January 2022. Among the Blues' business was a British record £107m deal for Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez, making him the most expensive midfielder in history. Boehly has been described as a kid in a sweet shop, sanctioning as many transfers as possible now the chains of American sports ownership are off. And Agbonlahor has described him as a 'show off', partly for his attempt to sign Cristiano Ronaldo when he was at Manchester United, comparing him to Abramovich when he landed in English football. He exclusively told Express Sport with Grosvenor Sport: "This reminds me of that first era [when Abramovich arrived] when Chelsea would buy anyone they want. 'We're the big dogs in the league. We're buying anyone we want.' JUST IN: Arsenal trio Zinchenko, Saka and Odegaard give Jorginho warm welcome  "It's like Todd Boehly got a blank chequebook, and he's spending whatever he wants, but [he's a] typical American owner, acting like he wants his club to be to best. "He wanted Ronaldo when Thomas Tuchel was there. It wouldn't surprise me, not because of the player, 'I want Cristiano Ronaldo at my club, so I can tell all my friends in Palm Springs in Florida, oh, I've got Ronaldo.' "He's just wanting the best players at his club and wants to win things because he's a show off to his reach." Chelsea have won just nine of their 21 games since Potter replaced Thomas Tuchel, losing six and winning just two of their last 10. READ MORE: Man Utd have lost 'leader' in Axel Tuanzebe who Maguire rates highly  And with the Blues lying 10th in the Premier League, 10 points outside the top four, Agbonlahor wouldn't be surprised if the pressure on Potter cranks up if results don't improve. "I don't think they'll be as ruthless as they were before towards sacking managers," Agbonlahor explained. "But I think if Graham [Potter] is not careful, there's always another manager, a top manager waiting in the wings. "So, it would surprise me if Chelsea started losing three, four games in a row, that his job's under big risk." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here