Tougher gun laws are needed in the UK to ensure people like the man accused of the Epsom College "double murder-suicide" cannot get a firearms licence, a campaign group says. George Pattison is suspected of shooting his wife Emma, 45, dead at their home in the college in Surrey, before killing their seven-year-old daughter, in the early hours of Sunday morning. Police believe he then killed himself with the same gun.  Three days before the shooting the accountant had spoken to Surrey Police on the phone about his firearms licence, to notify them of his new address. This call was said to be routine, and police had no concerns about him having a firearms licence. But the campaign group Gun Control Network says that an incident of domestic violence back in 2016 should have ensurd he was not allowed a licence. In May 2016, Mr Pattison had called the police saying his wife had slapped him around the face.He called police a second time, asked them not to visit, and said he had overreacted.Police did visit and Mrs Pattison was arrested on suspicion of common assault. She was questioned and later released without charge. It is reported that the police were told the couple was suffering from marriage problems at the time. The Gun Control Network says this should have been a red flag for the police.  GCN says the gun licensing laws need to be toughened up so if there have been any issues of domestic abuse at any point in the home then a licence is refused. Its spokesperson said: “A home that was functioning like that, why would the police think it was okay for either of them in a home like that to have a gun? “When there is any misdemeanour whatsoever, whether that be domestic violence or alcohol abuse or lying on the form should mean that the application is refused. “When GCN heard about what happened, our first thought was ‘Oh no, not again’. “All of the mass shootings in the UK over the past decades have been by licensed gun owners.” It also wants to see more stringent checks done so people with drug and alcohol problems, debt problems, and mental health issues are not allowed licences. But at just £88 to get a firearms certificate the Network says this is far less than the £200 it says it costs to do the checks properly. READ MORE: Meghan Markle should be 'very worried' about half-sister's lawsuit  The spokesperson added: “There are not enough people working in firearms licensing and they do not have the time to do it properly. “Every inquest we hear about exposes just how underfunded and understaffed the police firearms licensing departments are. “The UK’s firearm licensing is failing and that’s outrageous.” It wants to see the cost of applying for a gun licence increased to £200, to enable police forces to increase the number of staff they have scrutinising applications and so the checks can be more rigorous. The GCN wants close family members who live with a firearms licence applicant to be involved in the licensing decision, as they would be able to say whether they have any concerns about their state of mind. And they believe that ex-partners should also be asked for their views about whether an applicant is suitable. It also wants to see a "gun line" set up so people can report their concerns about gun owners. DON'T MISSFirefighters call off strikes after reaching eleventh-hour pay deal [REVEALED]Former MP found guilty of making £20,000 in fraudulent expenses claims [REPORT]Sunak nightmare as poll shows SNP would overtake Tories in election [ANALYSIS]  The spokesperson added: “It would be like Childline or a benefit fraud reporting line, but for weapons. “So if people have concerns about anyone with access to a gun, whether that be legal or illegal, they can ring and express their concerns. “For example this could be a family member who they think may have early dementia or a whistleblower reporting unsafe activities at a gun club, like if someone does not seem emotionally stable.” Its spokesperson said: “A home that was functioning like that, why would the police think it was okay for either of them in a home like that to have a gun? “When there is any misdemeanour whatsoever, whether that be domestic violence or alcohol abuse or lying on the form should mean that the application is refused. “When GCN heard about what happened, our first thought was ‘Oh no, not again’. “All of the mass shootings in the UK over the past decades have been by licensed gun owners.” Surrey Police has referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct due to the short period of time between when officers spoke to him about his firearms licence on Thursday and the incident in the early hours of Sunday morning. Detective Chief Inspector Kimball Edey, Senior Investigating Officer on the case, said: “This is an incredibly traumatic incident and we are working around the clock to investigate and understand the exact circumstances which led to this point. “We are co-operating fully with the IOPC in relation to the referral we have made, and we await the outcome of its assessment of what further action may be required. Until this has been completed, we will be unable to provide further details on a number of matters.” The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org.  