Mowing is usually not necessary during the winter months, unless the weather is mild and the grass is still growing. Cutting the lawn in the winter can damage the grass blades and cause further damage to the soil underneath. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), Britons should “never” mow the lawn if ground conditions are soft, wet or frozen, or during spells of cold, drying winds. During the spring and summer months, grass will be need to cut fairly frequently, depending on location, but it tends to be every two weeks. With warmer weather just a couple of months away, many gardeners may begin to wonder when they need to start cutting their grass. According to The Woodland Trust, it’s likely you’ll need to start the job during March, but there are several factors which depend on the exact date. This includes where you live, the local weather conditions as well as the weather that year. READ MORE: 5 ‘common’ kitchen cabinet mistakes to ‘avoid’ to achieve a ‘high end’ It also warned Britons: “Before you mow, be sure to scout your lawn for any animals that could be harmed. Hedgehogs in particular like to curl up in long grass and may otherwise go unnoticed.” However, generally, the average date of the first lawn cut in the UK was March 18, according to a Nature’s Calendar survey. This is because grass grows when soil temperatures reach above 6C, which tends to fall within the month of March. The Woodland Trust also shared three top tips for grass cutting when it is time to. They said: “Take just a small amount off the top of your grass on the first mow - less than a third of the height is ideal. DON'T MISS:10 crucial jobs to get your garden ready for spring [COMMENT]Four houseplants ‘most effective’ at removing mould from your home [EXPERT]'Basic tips' to keep cut flowers 'fresher for longer' [EXPLAINER] “Cutting too close will stress the grass, causing shallow roots and making your lawn more susceptible to drought, disease and bare patches. “You can take progressively more off over the following weeks without damaging the grass. Cut later in the day so any frost has thawed or dew evaporated, cutting dry grass is best. “If the ground is too wet, the weight of the mower can damage the grass and compact the soil, making it harder for grass to establish healthy roots. “If it’s been wet or you have heavy soil, wait for a few dry days to pass before mowing.” READ MORE: Interior choices to ‘avoid’ in your home this year If Britons want to encourage wildflowers in their lawns, they could participate in No Mow May which involves not cutting the lawn throughout the month. This adds colour to the garden as well as attracts pollinating insects and other wildlife. Britons can choose to leave their whole lawns uncut or just one section. The RHS noted: “Then either restart mowing in June or leave the grass uncut until August to encourage a greater diversity of plants.” To help keep lawns healthy until March arrives, it’s vital gardeners use fertiliser as well as remove weeds to help give the grass its best chance this year. Experts at GardenBuildingsDirect said: “Digging out the weeds around the grass can help keep the fresh healthy and fresh. “If you’re using a spray to remove the weeds, make sure not to spray it on the grass as this can ruin its condition and it will stand out like a sore thumb in an otherwise green garden.” There is a variety of different food which can be used in the garden including banana peel, orange peel as well as coffee grounds. The experts said coffee grounds “will make grass beam” in colour over winter. The pros added: “Sprinkling coffee grounds as a form of fertiliser releases hydrogen into the soil which provides useful nutrients for the soil. “Make sure to rake it in so the grounds go directly into the soil and try to limit the amount you use, as in some cases it can leave patches of brown in the grass.”