Princess Diana didn't want her second son the Duke of Sussex to attend Eton College, her former butler Paul Burrell has claimed. The former royal employee added that, if the late Princess of Wales had prevailed over King Charles's decision to have both their sons at the prestigious school, "Harry might have turned out differently". Mr Burrell also made the extraordinary claim Diana was aware Harry was not "as sharp" as Prince William. Speaking on behalf of Slingo, he said: "Diana didn’t want Harry to follow in the wake of William because she knew he wasn’t as academic as William. "She knew he wasn’t as sharp as William, she knew he wasn’t as intellectual as William and she thought that Harry would be compared to his brother at school and she didn’t want him to suffer that. "She wanted him to go to a different school but she lost that battle to the [then-]Prince of Wales who insisted both his sons went to Eton. "Had she had her way, Harry might have turned out differently." While Prince William started Eton in 1995, with Diana present on his first day at the College, Prince Harry joined the prestigious school after her death. The Duke himself spoke about having a difficult time at Eton College, located only a short walk away from Windsor Castle, in his bombshell memoir titled Spare. In the 416-page book, the Duke of Sussex mentioned his struggles with learning Shakespeare, something which he claimed King Charles found upsetting, and attending lessons in French. Nevertheless, he also recalled liking "and even enjoying" John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men. The Duke wrote: "We were assigned to read in English language units. Unlike Shakespeare, Steinbeck did not need a translator. READ MORE: Royal Family want something in return for apology to Harry and Meghan "He wrote in the vernacular, plain and simple. Better yet, it was brief. Of mice and men: one hundred and fifty little pages of nothing. And best of all: the argument was entertaining." Recalling his years at Eton, Harry also said his brother was determined to have a separate experience in school and had made it clear to him since day one the siblings would not hang out together while at the College. William's experience of Eton was different than Harry's, Mr Burrell claimed. He said: "Even going to school, Harry followed William’s trail. "Diana was acutely aware of that because when William was destined to go to Eton, there was no choice for William but Eton, granny had a say in that because every Sunday granny would say to me, ‘William’s coming round for tea with his policeman so put an extra cup and saucer on the table’. "She would teach him things in the Oak Room at Windsor which now he stands in as Prince of Wales. "One day he will stand in that place as king and remember that little tea table with two places in front of the open fire where he would sit with his granny as she taught him about affairs of state which is quite incredible. So I’ve seen that development grow. Mr Burrell joined the household of the then Prince and Princess of Wales in 1987 and acted as the butler of Diana until her death in August 1997.