  Kylie Minogue, 54, has parted ways with her longtime boyfriend Paul Solomons just one year after returning to Australia, reports claim. The Spinning Around singer has apparently split from the GQ exec as she prepares for her new world tour.      Kylie and Paul were introduced by mutual friends back in 2018, when they started dating. However, in 2021, the couple were forced to spend nine months apart due to Covid restrictions, which saw Kylie locked down in Australia and Paul stuck in London. Last night, a source said of the pair: “Long distance isn’t easy for any couple. “Kylie and Paul really tried to make things work but ultimately the time difference was a killer - Paul couldn’t exactly nip to Melbourne for a long weekend whenever things got strained. READ MORE: Paco Rabanne dies years after perfume legend retreated from public    “Kylie initially wanted to keep the split quiet though as she really does not want the narrative to be ‘poor, unlucky-in-love-Kylie’s heartbreak’s again’,” the source told The Sun. “She’s a powerful, hugely successful woman - and isn’t moping around, heartbroken. “She and Paul remain friends. But, for now, Kylie has a new album to promote, and a world tour to get cracking with - she’s hugely excited about starting this new chapter in her life.” There is no trace of Paul on Kylie’s Instagram, but the pair still appear to follow eachother on the platform.     Express.co.uk have contacted Kylie’s representatives for comment. Kylie’s love life has been the source of speculation for many years. The former Neighbours actress famously dated her on-screen love interest, Jason Donovan, while appearing on the Aussie soap. However, the couple sadly split three years later when the In Your Eyes singer fell for the late rocker, Michael Hutchence. READ MORE... Priscilla Presley goes to court to seek changes to daughter's will [INSIGHT] John Torode admits 'I disappear' in marriage to wife Lisa Faulkner [LATEST] Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles [NEWS]     The Can’t Get You Out Of My Head star has also been linked to Lenny Kravitz and dated model James Gooding. She went on to find new romance in 2005, when she met French actor Olivier Martinez. The star went on to stay with Kyle for five years and remained with her as she battled breast cancer. Kylie is the highest-selling female Australian artist of all time, having sold over 80 million records worldwide.      The popular star rose to fame on Neighbours, which she appeared in between 1986 and 1988, before revisiting the show for its final season in 2022. From there, the singer and actress became a pop icon, reinventing herself in music and fashion. Kylie has won a Grammy Award, three Brit Awards and 17 ARIA Music Awards. The Australian star is now gearing up for her up-coming tour, which will give her fans the chance to see her perform live once more.   