Liverpool were back to their attacking best once again against Newcastle on Saturday night with goals from Darwin Nunez and Cody Gakpo proving the difference for Jurgen Klopp's side. Express Sport takes a look at four things Jurgen Klopp will have learned from the win. It's finally starting to click for the attacking duo who have cost Liverpool more than £100million over the past year. Nunez has threatened to find a rich vein of form ever since his summer move from Benfica, but Gakpo endured a difficult start to life on Merseyside as he joined with Klopp's side in dreadful form. But Gakpo now has two in as many games while Nunez is beginning to establish himself as Liverpool's focal point in attack. Their rise in form comes at a time when both Roberto Firmino and Diogo Jota are looking to get back into Klopp's starting line-up with a Champions League clash against Real Madrid up next. But the returning duo may have to wait a bit longer to get their chance in the starting line-up if Nunez and Gakpo continue performing. Nick Pope's sending off certainly helped stem any chance of a Newcastle fightback, but Liverpool are the only team to beat the Magpies in the Premier League this season. Eddie Howe's side have proven tough to beat all year and picked up wins over Tottenham and Chelsea earlier in the campaign while they drew with Manchester City and Manchester United.  Liverpool fans were cautious of over-reacting to their first league win of 2023 against Everton with their Merseyside rivals struggling at the bottom of the table. But the match against Newcastle was a must-win for Liverpool to keep any feint hopes of finishing in the top four alive and Klopp's side delivered when it mattered. Now it's a case of building up a run of wins together for Klopp's team to continue piling the pressure on those above them. It's hardly rocket science that Liverpool looked more solid at the back with Virgil van Dijk back in the side. Joe Gomez and Joel Matip looked shaky in the humiliating defeat to Wolves at the start of the month. DON'T MISS  Liverpool's dip in form coincided with Van Dijk's hamstring injury with the Dutchman unavailable for games against Brighton, Chelsea and Wolves. But the 31-year-old is back and fully fit just in time for a crucial period in Liverpool's season and his calming presence at the back will be a huge boost for Klopp heading into the final months of the season. It's a quick turnaround for Liverpool as they now get their Champions League campaign back underway with a chance of enacting revenge on Real Madrid on Tuesday. Prior to this week, Klopp would have possibly wanted an entire new starting line-up available to him with his underperforming Reds looking devoid of any confidence. But the mood has now completely changed at Anfield and it's hard to see why Klopp would change things up against Real next week. Nunez, Gakpo and Mohamed Salah look on top form while Stefan Bajcetic has made the midfield spot his own alongside Jordan Henderson and Fabinho in Thiago Alcantara's absence. However, Klopp now also has solid options on the bench to try and change things up should they struggle against Carlo Ancelotti's side and that's arguably Liverpool's biggest weapon.