Chelsea have reportedly agreed a deal to take Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez to Stamford Bridge in what could be a British record for a transfer if the necessary paperwork is completed on time. The two clubs had been locked in negotiations for over 48 hours, but have finally made a breakthrough on deadline day and the Argentine is reportedly set to sign an eight-and-a-half-year contract at Chelsea. Fabrizio Romano has claimed that the two sides have agreed a financial package that would see Chelsea pay £105million for the World Cup winner, eclipsing the £100m that Manchester City paid for Jack Grealish in 2021. Chelsea are now racing to beat the clock and get the required documents signed in time to register the 22-year-old in time for the second half of the season, as the January transfer window closes at 11pm on Tuesday. The Telegraph have claimed that Chelsea have all necessary paperwork, a deal sheet, medical and private jet prepared and the deal should be completed before the window slams shut. The Blues had walked away from negotiations earlier in the window as Benfica had demanded that Fernandez's release clause of £105m needed to be paid in full in order for a transfer to take place this month, despite his public demands to leave the Portuguese side and move to Stamford Bridge. Fernandez is set to undergo his medical in Portugal rather than in Chelsea's Cobham base, as there is not enough time to fly him to England and complete the required medical tests necessary to finalise a transfer. Chelsea previously were willing to pay Fernandez's release clause, but due to Financial Fair Play constraints wanted to pay the fee over instalments rather than in one upfront payment as Benfica had demanded. DON'T MISSLeeds rocked by Zaniolo twist with Roma ready to approve transferMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turnChelsea make decision on letting Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan  Chelsea have had to be careful regarding FFP following their spending spree since Todd Boehly and co took over at Stamford Bridge, their January spending continued as Joao Felix, Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana joined this month. They have also agreed summer deals that will see both Christopher Nkunku and Malo Gusto join the Blues at the end of the season. However, if Fernandez is to join Chelsea before the window closes a deal sheet may have been submitted by the club. Premier League sides are able to work on transfers past the 11pm deadline if a deal sheet has been processed, as long as the transfer is substancially in place. 