The Duke and Duchess of Sussex should do the public a favour and not attend King Charles's Coronation, a royal pundit has said. Australian journalist Amanda Platell said by demanding an apology, Harry and Meghan are only making themselves more unpopular. Prince Harry is understood to want a private apology from the Royal Family for the way he says the Sussexes have been treated. King Charles's youngest son has levelled a number of claims against his family, including that his brother William knocked him to the floor in an alleged attack sparked by comments the heir to the throne made about Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex. Harry also claimed in his memoir, Spare, that Camilla, Queen Consort, improved her public image as "the other woman" at his expense. The claims came after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were interviewed by US TV host Oprah Winfrey in 2021. Meghan then alleged an unidentified member of the Royal Family had made comments about how dark their then-unborn son Archie's skin would be. Ms Platell cites palace insiders who have said despite the slew of claims, the Sussexes are still welcome at any family event, including King Charles's Coronation on May 6. There are reports the Sussexes will be invited to the Coronation, although some say this has yet to be confirmed. Writing in MailOnline, Ms Platell said: "The King’s heart has never hardened against Harry and he is prepared to speak to him — 'he’s his son, he loves him', explains one insider. But William won’t think of it and is said to be unrepentant, as he should be." She added Harry and Meghan seem bent on making things worse, adding: "Demanding an apology will only make them more unpopular." READ ABOUT AN EARTHQUAKE IN WALES Ms Platell concludes that the Duke and Duchess could do themselves and the public a favour "by recusing themselves" from the Coronation, "simply wishing Charles and Camilla all the best". Harry has said previously that the ball is in the Royal Family's court over his attendance at the Coronation. Asked if he would attend if were to be invited, Harry has told ITV: "There is a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open, the ball is in their court. "There's a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they are willing to sit down and talk about it." DON'T MISS: Camilla attack forces U-turn on Roald Dahl censorship [REPORT] Harry announces 'intimate' livestream with public to promote Spare [LATEST] Boris Becker issues Prince Harry shock 'marriages dont last' warning [REVEALED] Sussex biographer, Omid Scobie, has said Harry and Meghan have yet to be invited to the Coronation. He dismissed speculation as to whether or not an invitation has or has not been sent to the couple. Mr Scobie, writing foy Yahoo! News, said: "The reality, sources tell me, is that no-one, no matter how well-sourced, knows their plans right now. "The couple has yet to be invited and can't make a decision, nor any form of itinerary, until that happens." Meanwhile, Harry and Meghan's popularity appears to have plunged in the US. Research carried out by Redfield & Wilton on February 19 showed Harry was disliked by 42 percent of the US respondents compared to 32 percent who said they liked him. Meghan is even less popular than Harry, according to the polling, with just 27 percent of Americans saying they liked her. This compares to 44 percent who said they didn’t. Her net approval rating is -17. Neil Sean, speaking on his YouTube Channel Neil Sean’s Daily Headline News, said it appears the Sussexes are now rating lower than ever before. He added: "Some are blaming this on the fact Harry's book was far too revealing and that Meghan Markle is nowhere to be seen. "It is interesting to note that, allegedly, Harry and Meghan are claiming that these polls mean nothing. "According to Harry, having a best-selling book refutes polls that he and Meghan are so unpopular." On its first day of going on sale, Spare sold more than 1.43 million copies in all formats in the UK, US and Canada, according to the publisher Penguin Random House. The figure includes pre-orders.