Death in Paradise series 12 has been one to remember with DI Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) once again fronting the BBC comedy-drama. There are just two more episodes left to air though before the latest series comes to a close. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the episode's guest stars. David Cartwright is among the suspects who are being investigated for the murder of a water taxi driver. He is portrayed by actor Patrick Kennedy who has had a number of minor roles in shows such as Married Single Other, Black Mirror, Peep Show, The Queen's Gambit and Around the World in 80 Days. His biggest parts so far have been as Douglas Mason in Boardwalk Empire and Richard Carstone in Bleak House. Most recently, he was in the drama Atlanta as a character called Will last year. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered Kennedy will be starring alongside actor Ben Tavassoli who plays Jake Dalton in this season 12 episode. His most recent work was in the BBC prison drama Screw last year when he portrayed Louis Costa. Before that, Tavassoli was in the Channel 5 drama Compulsion as Raj Khush. He has also been in Tyrant, Silent Witness, Moving On, Real and Bulletproof. The third main guest star of season 12's episode six is actor Solomon Israel. He has featured in Quick Cuts, Law and Order: UK, Josh, Exposure, Doctor Who and Lovesick. According to his IMDb page, his latest onscreen role was in Doctors as Rufus Daventry in 2020. He will be portraying Henry Baptiste in this upcoming Death in Paradise instalment. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [EXIT]Death in Paradise boss shares update on BBC show's future [UPDATE]Strictly Come Dancing star lands role in Beyond Paradise [CAST] The synopsis for the episode reads: "Neville receives an anonymous letter telling them a murder is about to be committed. "Not long after, he and Naomi are called to the harbour when a body is pulled from the ocean. "The victim suffered blunt trauma and it is soon suggested that his disgruntled wife may be a person of interest. "Marlon returns after taking a short holiday following his disappointing exam results." In 2021, Death in Paradise was renewed for both seasons 11 and 12, much to fans' delight. With the end in sight of the latter, many are eager to know what will be the show's future. As of yet though, Death in Paradise hasn't been renewed for season 13. Death in Paradise season 12 continues every Friday at 9pm on BBC One.