Priti Patel says Lancashire Police must face an independent inquiry into its investigation into Nicola Bulley’s disappearance. Officers spent three weeks looking for the mum-of-two after she went missing while walking along the River Wyre on January 27.    The search included specialist dive teams searching the river, a drone, and a police helicopter. Her body was eventually found in the reeds in the river after being spotted by a self-confessed psychic medium, around a mile from where she was last seen. Their discovery came 23 days after the 45-year-old went missing. The police force has referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct. During the investigation, Lancashire Police revealed that Ms Bulley was deemed to be a vulnerable person due to having alcohol issues related to the menopause. This decision was widely slated by commentators and the general public and the Information Commissioner’s Office is investigating this disclosure.  Former Home Secretary Priti Patel says the conduct of the Lancashire Police is “highly questionable”. She told The Sun: “As I have sadly seen in my time as Home Secretary, families have been let down badly by not treating these instances with the urgency required. “There are multiple unanswered questions about the handling and investigation.” The Sun reports that Downing Street says further work might be needed after these investigations. Calls for an independent inquiry are said to be backed by the deputy Conservative Party chairman Lee Anderson. And the television regulator Ofcom has written to ITV News and Sky News over complaints from Ms Bulley’s family. READ MORE: Woman makes 'little girl cry' by asking her to move from window seat   In a statement read out by Lancashire Police on behalf of Ms Bulley’s family on Monday, after the body found was confirmed to be hers, they said: "Our Family Liaison officers have had to confirm our worst fears today. “We will never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments and that will never leave us." And they added: “We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that. “Our girls will get the support they need from the people who love them the most." DON'T MISS Meghan Markle is 'upset and annoyed' over South Park parody [REPORT]Kate painstakingly attempts to cook a pancake during visit [WATCH]SNP's rivals want Humza Yousaf elected to replace Sturgeon [ANALYSIS]  And Lancashire Police said in its statement on Monday: “Our thoughts are with them [Nicola’s family] at this time as well as with all her loved ones and the wider community. “We recognise the huge impact that Nicola’s disappearance has had on her family and friends, but also on the people of St Michael’s. “We would like to thank all of those who have helped during what has been a hugely complex and highly emotional investigation. “Today’s development is not the outcome any of us would have wanted, but we hope that it can at least start to provide some answers for Nicola’s loved ones, who remain foremost in our thoughts.” Ms Bulley vanished after dropping off her daughters at school on January 27 in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. Her phone was found just over 20 minutes later on a bench overlooking the riverbank with her dog Willow running loose. The mobile was still connected to a work call. 