Liverpool could be spared the task of facing Karim Benzema in the Champions League knockout stages after the Frenchman went off injured while playing for Real Madrid on Thursday night. The Reds have been terrorised by the Spanish giants in previous meetings but could see their hopes of progressing to the quarter-finals boosted if Benzema is deemed unfit to play when they lock horns again later this month. The one-time Ballon d'Or winner will be expected to lead the line for Real Madrid if he features against Liverpool but could be facing a race against time to achieve full fitness after hobbling off the pitch against Valencia on Thursday. Benzema pulled up with what appeared to be a muscular injury on the hour mark and was quickly hauled off by Carlo Ancelotti, who will be sweating over the fitness of his star man over the coming days.Real Madrid could also be without the services of Eder Militao against Liverpool after the defender was forced off with a problem of his own during the early stages of the match at the Bernabeu. The Brazil international fell to the turf in agony and it quickly became clear that he would not be able to continue in another worrying moment for Los Blancos ahead of their Champions League round of 16 first-leg meeting with Liverpool on February 21.It remains to be seen whether either player will be sidelined for an extended period of time or if they will be forced to sit out against Liverpool, who will be hoping for all the help they can get in order to down the reigning European champions over two legs. Benzema, who did not appear at the World Cup for France due to a pre-tournament injury, will be particularly missed by his Real Madrid team-mates if he is ruled out of one or both matches. JUST IN: Sean Dyche defends Farhad Moshiri despite Everton making no signings Liverpool are expected to go into the tie as the clear underdogs as a result of their sub-par form in the Premier League so far this season, although their job would be made significantly easier in the potential absences of Benzema and Militao later this month. The Merseyside giants have already been tipped to taste defeat by Arsenal icon Paul Merson, who believes that Jurgen Klopp's side will simply not have enough in midfield to trouble their Spanish opponents over 180 minutes of football."They might get through at home because of their fans, they’re like an extra goal on a Champions League night," wrote Merson in his column for Sportskeeda. "We saw how badly Liverpool have struggled without Sadio Mane. Liverpool have a big atmosphere around them, but I don’t see their midfield winning them a Champions League match. I’d back Real Madrid to beat Liverpool over two legs."They have huge experience in the UEFA Champions League, but I don’t expect them to ride their luck this time. They were virtually out three times last year and were very lucky. I don’t see it happening for them this year." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.