As a single parent, I’ve often had to be resourceful and come up with ways to save money as there’s only so far one income will stretch. After trying out every single money-saving tip in the book over the years, I then turned to ways I could make more money from side hustles to supplement my income. But which one tops my list? The cost of living crisis has forced many of us to review our personal finances and look for new ways to stretch our budgets. While it’s not an ideal situation to be in, there are clever ways to make an extra income. One of the easiest ways I've found to make money from home is to rent a room to foreign language students - I've been doing it on and off for years. One student could mean an extra £800 a month, but if the room is big enough for two single beds, it could be possible to double that and be quids in. READ MORE: NatWest and Natiowide to close 19 branches in February - full list I think it's a lovely way to earn an extra income from the comfort of my own home. Although it’s much busier in the spring and summer, we’ve had students stay with us in November and January too. Most towns and cities will have an English language college nearby - I've found it's worth contacting more than one as rates can vary massively from one language school to another. Britons are allowed to earn £7,500 a year tax-free from renting out a room in their home to a lodger and if they decide to go down the student route they will need a DBS certificate and a gas safety certificate. DON'T MISS:Pensioners warned about downsizing after interest rates hit 4% [WARNING]Top 10 regular savings accounts with high interest now [INSIGHT]TV licence explained - Simple steps to claim refund worth £159 [UPDATE]  Sharon Lowick, a business owner from Bristol rents out her spare room to boost her finances. The busy single mum, who has a sixteen-year-old daughter and runs Bristol Homestaging, told Express.co.uk: “It’s a lovely way to connect with people from other cultures. “The extra cash is nice but it’s also really satisfying to show off our city and culture.” If a person doesn't have a spare room, they might want to consider renting out their driveway, garage or loft space. Companies like JustPark and Stashbee claim people can earn around £100 a month but that depends on if they live near the city centre, train station or local attraction. I’ve been renting my car parking space out for years and earn around £80 to £120 a month. Karshare is a way to make money from a car if you don’t need to use it every day. Income can vary greatly from one month to the next but my car rental earnings are averaging around £350 a month. However, it does need to be hired out a lot to generate this kind of income, so it wouldn’t work for someone who needs their car every day. Although there are plenty of other ways to make money, hosting foreign language students is my best money making hack. We’ve welcomed students from France, Switzerland and Italy over the years. Our most recent student from Peru has become really good friends with my own daughter and they're planning to meet up again in the future. Over the years it has been my favourite way to make extra money and if you have your own children living at home anyway it doesn’t really feel like any extra work.