A roast dinner is not complete without gravy no matter whether you're having chicken, beef, pork, or a vegetarian alternative. While diluting granules in boiling water is the quickest way to make this staple sauce after hours of cooking, it always tastes better when you make it from scratch. And according to one chef, it can be easily done using just five cheap ingredients.  Perfect gravy is made with a good balance of salty and acidic flavours while also having a thick texture that's not too stodgy to pour over your meal. If you're wondering how to achieve the ideal consistency without spending a fortune on thickening agents and wine, or spending hours cooking meat for its juices, an avid home cook has shared their easy five-ingredient recipe. Crazy For Crust blogger and chef Dorothy Kern said: "This easy five-minute gravy is perfect for turkey, chicken, or beef! It’s so flavorful and it’s foolproof too and perfect for any meal. "It's the magical combination of liquid and fat and thickener that tastes so good and is perfect poured on everything." READ MORE: Mum 'will never shop at Tesco again' after 'finding plastic in bacon' To make Dorothy's all-purpose gravy, you need just five ingredients - butter, flour, chicken stock or broth, bouillon and spices. DON'T MISS:'Change your toast game' with Gordon Ramsay bacon recipe [INSIGHT]'Easy' midweek slow cooker pasta recipe - just £1.75 per portion [RECIPE]Dolly Parton shares top ingredient for 'fluffier' scrambled eggs [REVEAL] Start by heating the stock bouillon cubes (if using) in the microwave until hot and the bouillon has dissolved. Meanwhile, melt butter in a saucepan. Dorothy noted that the butter makes the gravy "so thick and rich" before adding salt to taste. She said: "You never know how much salt is really in stock or bouillon and you don’t want your gravy recipe to be too salty. "I use bouillon to add extra flavour when I’m just using stock or broth. If I’m using the drippings I don’t usually add this because turkey or beef drippings have tons of extra flavour." READ MORE: Cake method for 'a really tender and moist' sponge Add the flour to the pan of butter and whisk until a rue has formed. This should take roughly one minute. The avid home cook said: "Use all-purpose flour for this. The butter and flour mixture cooks and makes a roux which thickens the gravy to the perfect thickness." Slowly pour in the hot stock and bouillon liquid into the butter mixture, whisking to combine before adding the spices. Cook all of the ingredients until boiling and thick, stirring often. You can adjust the quantities and types of spices used to suit your palate. Dorothy warned this recipe "really only takes five minutes" so you shouldn't walk away from the stove as the "gravy thickens fast!" She noted for the best results, you should never skip the bouillon even if you're using drippings in addition to stock cubes. However, you can reduce or omit the amount of bouillon if you're using meat drippings to avoid making the gravy too salty. For instances where you do use drippings, always be sure to strain the liquid before serving to remove the fat, and measure it with the stock for the strongest flavour.  