Queen Latifah returned to screens as hardened vigilante and single mother Robyn McCall last Sunday for The Equalizer’s highly anticipated winter premiere. Unfortunately, she’s still resentful of her old friend Melody ‘Mel’ Bayani (played by Liza Lapira) after she trained her daughter Delilah (Laya DeLeon Hayes) behind her back, and it looks like their argument won’t get resolved for quite some time on the CBS drama. Series regular Lapira has revealed Robyn may still not have forgiven Mel by the end of The Equalizer’s latest season. In the latest episode on Sunday night, the partners briefly had to put their beef aside when Mel’s brother Edison (Travis Salter) goes missing. However, Robyn admitted to Dante (Tory Kittles) she’s still struggling to forgive Mel for what she sees as a huge betrayal. Although the TV crime-stopper is now on board with her daughter being able to defend herself, she still can’t believe her right-hand woman didn’t speak to her first. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal “It’s not good,” Lapira confirmed. “And it doesn’t get good for several episodes.” Apparently, the tension will continue throughout most of the third season as the two women slowly get over their differences. Although their ongoing feud makes for compelling drama for The Equalizer’s latest outing, Lapira admitted she wasn’t completely happy with the fallout between Mel and Robyn. She pointed out a similar argument in the latest episode which was resolved much more quickly while their row may not come to an end until the season finale. Lapira told TV Line: “I actually had a bone to pick with both the character of Robyn and the writers. “Because I jokingly said, ‘What’s up with that? It takes her like three episodes to forgive me.’ “‘Meanwhile, she gets into an argument with Dante and then by the end of the episode, 30 minutes later, they’ve made up. “And I’m like, ‘what is with the standard happening here?’” DON'T MISS:Law and Order SVU gives huge update on fan-favourite character [INSIGHT]Black Spartans star recalls advice from Yellowstone’s Neal McDonough [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander fans baffled by Brianna Fraser’s accent [BACKLASH] Still, the actress had to concede Mel and Robyn are much closer to each other, which makes their falling out all the more painful. Plus, Robyn has since agreed it would be better for the team if Delilah could protect herself, so she’s already coming around to Mel’s decision. “Now it’s going to be great because everybody knows about it. It’s above board,” Lapira added. “Nobody has to hide anything. It can be a real family endeavour. McCall can do it. Dante can do it. I can do it.” “Now that the gates have been opened, she can be trained by anybody and she can be trained well.” Even so, once Delilah gets a bit older and makes it out onto the field she’ll become another liability for Robyn and her team to look after. Hopefully, Mel can prove to her friend they’re making the right decision, but Sunday night’s episode proved no one on the team is completely safe from getting into trouble. The Equalizer season 3 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.