Anthony Joshua has hit back at Dillian Whyte’s comments that he is going for the ‘easier option’ in boxing Jermaine Franklin rather than him. Whyte was promised a shot at AJ in the spring by Eddie Hearn after beating the American last November but that pledge has since been broken. Joshua and Franklin square off on April 1 at the O2 Arena, London while Whyte is now without an opponent. The Body Snatcher is expected to be given his long-awaited rematch with AJ around June but isn’t happy that the original agreement wasn’t fulfilled. Responding to Whyte’s displeasure, Joshua told iD Boxing: “He’s not my mate… I just think he waffles a bit; he has a lot to say. He needs to focus on his own career, focus on his own stuff. That’s just what I have to say about it, he has a lot to say.” This comes after Whyte branded Joshua vs Franklin as a ‘battle of the fools’. “I am all right but facing the usual b******s, I just want to make some fights but it’s f***ing frustrating," he told The Sun. "Everyone was told, all the boxing fans, the winner of me and Franklin fights AJ, so this is a f***ed up thing. I would have been better off losing the Franklin fight and getting the AJ fight! I know DAZN need content for their subscribers but why choose to fight a low-profile American coming off a loss instead of having a massive British tear-up? “It’s no surprise to me that they have chosen April 1 for this battle of the fools. I faced Franklin, the most dangerous and undefeated version of him, and beat him. MORE BOXING NEWS... Chalmers given 'confidence boost' by Deji heading into Mayweather bout Haye 'reunites' with throuple as Healy shares snaps from getaway Joshua v Franklin undercard given boost as two title fights added “Eddie was promising him many millions to fight AJ if he beat me. It’s protecting AJ because they all know if he loses again, he will probably jack it in and a lot of people will be left with limp d***s in their hands.” In the interim Whyte could be set to face Otto Wallin, who had also been considered as a possible opponent for AJ’s comeback fight. The pair were set to box each other during a Matchroom Boxing Halloween fight night in 2021 but the bout was cancelled after the Brit withdrew with injury. According to Wallin’s promoter Dmitry Salita, they are exploring the match-up for April.