Amateur enthusiasts in Illinois confirmed one of their balloons went "missing in action" on the same day the US brought down an unidentified object over Canada. If confirmed, the approximately $12 hobby balloon would have met its fiery demise at the hands of a $400,000 Sidewinder missile. The Northern Illinois Bottlecap Balloon Brigade said in a blog post that one of its balloons was "missing in action" over Alaska on February 11, not far from Canada's Yukon territory where the object was shot down. The group did not connect the two incidents but the trajectory of the pico balloon suggests it may have been the object which met its end at the hands of a US F-22 Raptor fighter jet. "For now we are calling pico balloon K9YO missing in action," the group's website read. The balloon's last recorded altitude was 37,928ft. The website has since been taken down reportedly due to the number of inquiries received over the incident. Additionally, the New York Times reported FBI agents speaking to amateur balloon enthusiasts in Illinois. The object downed over the Yukon by a US fighter jet on the orders of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was the second out of three shot down after a Chinese surveillance balloon traversed the US. The first was shot down over Alaska and the third over Lake Huron between the US and Canada.  The Chinese balloon was shot down over coastal South Carolina on February 4. US and Canadian officials have not determined what the other three objects were. In fact, it's possible they will never be identified as US authorities in Alaska and Lake Huron as well as Canadian authorities in the Yukon have reportedly called off the search. US officials previously said that the objects were most likely benign. Joe Biden, after pressure from Republicans as well as his own party, spoke out on the objects last week. He said: "Nothing right now suggests they were related to China’s spy balloon program or that they were surveillance vehicles from any other country." He added that the objects were destroyed as they posed a threat to civil aviation. READ MORE: China lashes out at US over claims it's backing Russia's war  The group in Illinois is a "small group of pico balloon enthusiasts" operating since 2021, according to the now-deactivated website. It says that pico balloons have a 32-inch diameter, 100-inch circumference and operate between 32,000 and 50,000 feet, similar to that of a commercial airliner. The balloons contain small solar panels and antennae and, according to Aviation Week, start at about $12. National security council spokesperson John Kirby previously told reporters that the US was searching for the remains of the shot down objects but had been hampered by the remote locations and freezing weather. Authorities have reportedly called off the search. Kirby added there was "no evidence" of extra-terrestrial activity but that Joe Biden had ordered the formation of a team "to study the broader policy implications for detection, analysis and disposition of unidentified aerial objects that pose either safety or security risks". 