A hair loss expert spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Prince William's gradual balding, and what he could do to rectify it. This comes after comments were made about William's hair on Twitter following the BAFTA Film Awards last weekend. While some ridiculed William's hair, others defended the Prince, saying men still look good with thinning hair. Yannis Giantzides, Managing Director of Harley Street Hair Transplant Clinics, told Express.co.uk that he believes Prince William would "look better and younger" with a hair transplant. He went on to suggest a "more even approach" - currently, William's hair is thin on the sides, while bald on the top of his head. If he were to have a hair transplant, the thin hair would be evenly spread over his head, according to Yannis. This would be "on trend". The hair loss expert explained William's balding in general, saying: "The reason for his balding crown is male pattern baldness - androgenetic alopecia - which is passed to him genetically from his parents. The evidence is his father, King Charles. READ MORE: Harry holds ‘naive view’ for future with Royal Family expert claims "His hair loss would be classed on the Norwood scale of classification as a six to seven. "This means that he would most likely require a two-stage hair transplant procedure in order to fill out the areas of hair loss. "Because of the way hair transplants work - the hairs are taken from the donor area, which is the back and sides of the head and these hairs are transplanted onto the areas of hair loss - if he was to have a hair transplant, his hairline would have to be a high one as there wouldn’t be enough donor area hair to cover all of his hair loss and give it the density it needs. "The procedures he would require would potentially be a combination of a FUT (Follicular Unit Transplant) and FUE (Follicular Unit Extraction) hair transplant in order to achieve the best possible results." DON'T MISS:Chef shares ten foods that can be frozen to reduce food waste [GUIDE]Marks and Spencer to close seven stores this year - list [NEWS]Smooth out wrinkles in ‘just 30 seconds’ with ‘amazing’ skin tonic [BEAUTY] Yannis continued: "The FUT procedure is where a horizontal strip of the skin from the back of the head is excised and the hairs are then taken out and transplanted onto the areas of hair loss. "The area of the back of the head is then sewn together - this will leave a linear scar which would mean that he would have to have longer hair at the back in order to cover this up. "The other procedure type would be the FUE, where individual hair grafts are extracted from the remaining donor area and are then transplanted onto the remaining areas of hair loss. "This two-stage procedure should restore quite a large surface area of his head that currently has no hair. READ MORE: Four foods Royal Family will never eat including King Charles's rule "The above depends on his donor area quality as with a hair transplant, the hairs that are extracted never grow back and so his donor area would look thinner, so the key is to not over harvest his donor area, leaving it looking bald. "He would definitely also have to be on medication to help sustain his hair transplant and not lose any more hair," Yannis added. The hair loss expert also explained that the final results of a hair transplant typically take around 12 months to materialise. As for the cost, this would vary depending on the clinic, the graft numbers achievable, and the look one would be able to achieve. For William's hypothetical transplant, he would be looking to pay between £14,000 and £20,000, according to Yannis. However, only time will tell if the Prince will decide to have a hair transplant. And why hasn't he had one thus far? According to Jonathon Andrew, from haircare professionals Fudge, the royal might not want a hair transplant because of the potential scrutiny. He previously told Express.co.uk: "From a perspective of the Royal Family, it doesn't matter what they do, they are always in the spotlight. Whatever choice William makes he will always face criticism. "I respect the fact he hasn't caved under pressure and had a hair transplant - he feels confident enough to embrace his natural hair. To have a transplant is a big commitment, it's usually up to one year to see full results, so he would always be scrutinised in the public eye whilst his receding hairline grows back. "Realistically, as it is always genetic, hair transplants are a great option. They're extremely natural, and if I felt the need to have one it would be the first thing I did."