Universal Credit claimants could face losing thousands of pounds if they fail to turn up to two weeks' worth of appointments under new rules being introduced by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). The rule change means anyone who fails to attend a number of appointments could lose their monthly allowance of £334.91 for up to three months. Universal Credit claimants could be penalised if they fail to meet new rules set by the government to encourage people back to work. The new rules will mean people have to attend daily appointments in person over a two week period at their local Jobcentre. Anyone who fails to attend a number of appointments will lose their monthly allowance of £334.91 for up to three months. This could result in someone losing out on £1,004.73 in Universal Credit if they continuously miss appointments. READ MORE: Dad shares how to cook restaurant quality meals for just £1.25 The scheme is currently being piloted in Crawley in West Sussex, Pontefract in West Yorkshire, Partick in Glasgow, and Coalville in Leicestershire - and it could be rolled out nationally if successful. However, the changes will only affect Universal Credit claimants who are required to undertake 35 hours a week of “work search activity” and not those who are exempt from looking for a job. Meanwhile, more than one million households in the UK are missing out on Universal Credit payments of up to £6,216 a year according to poverty charity Entitled To. There's a benefits calculator on the Entitled To website where people can see an estimate of how much they could be entitled to from the DWP. DON'T MISSOver 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform [INSIGHT]State pension age increases are changing [UPDATE]NatWest ups overpayment rates on mortgages - could save thousands [ALERT] How much Universal Credit someone receives depends on individual circumstances, but it's made up of the standard allowance plus any additional amounts which a person may qualify for. Claiming Universal Credit could also lead to other freebie benefits like help towards housing and free prescriptions. MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis recommends checking for Universal Credit entitlement if earning £40,000 a year or less - although not everyone will be eligible. All benefits including Universal Credit will increase from April in line with September 2022's inflation figure of 10.1 percent.  How much Universal Credit someone receives depends on individual circumstances, but it's made up of the standard allowance plus any additional amounts which a person may qualify for. The standard allowance rates are increasing to:  More than eight million families in the UK on means-tested benefits will start receiving cost of living payments as early as spring. The DWP has confirmed these dates:   