From tomorrow, March 1, 2023, drivers across England, Wales and Scotland will see the rollout of the new “23” number plate vehicle registration. This will be the first licence plate change of the year, with the “73” number plate being introduced in September. In 2022, two new plates were launched, the “22” in March and “72” in September, as is now standard practice. The number plates have to adhere to a number of specifications and requirements to be road legal. For vehicles made after January 1, 1973, the front number plate must have a white background while the rear number plate at the rear must have a yellow background. Numbers and letters must be exactly 79 millimetres tall and there must be a space between the numbers that mark the year and the three random letters. READ MORE: Boris Johnson attacks Sadiq Khan's 'mad' ULEZ expansion All registration plates must be in a specific “Charles Wright” font which has been in use since 2001. The number plates have to adhere to a number of specifications and requirements to be road legal. Characters must be 79mm and 50mm wide (except the number 1 or letter I) and the thickness of the character stroke must be 14mm. The space between characters must be 11mm and the space between the age identifier and the random letters must be 33mm. DON'T MISSWoman shares 'simple' driveway parking tip which earns her £50 a month [INSIGHT]Massive new number plate changes to be introduced within weeks [WARNING]Elderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning [URGENT] More recent number plates also need to be “BS AU 145e” standard plates which meet the new British Standard for Retroreflective Number Plates. The plates are made from a tougher material which makes them more resistant to abrasion and other damage. This change was made to make it easier for Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras to read the plate. The new number plates will also have to include the supplier’s business name and postcode, along with the name of the number plate manufacturer and the new standard. READ MORE: The most clocked cars on the market - Ford, BMW and more Number plates can now only display solid black lettering as two tone plates that used different shades to create a 3D or 4D effect have been banned. The lettering can still be Perspex or acrylic lettering, provided it meets all other requirements. At the end of 2020, new green number plates were introduced to denote which vehicles were electric. The green stripe on the left-hand side of the plate indicates the car’s zero tailpipe emissions credentials. Motorists are also being warned not to change or purposefully obscure their registration plate, as this could lead to a £1,000 fine. Despite the historic popularity of “new reg day”, research suggests that it has lost its appeal with drivers. The data found that fewer than five percent of potential car buyers are bothered about the digits on their number plate. Most considered a wide range of other factors much more important when deciding on their next car, according to Motorpoint.