Since Dancing on Ice kicked off last month, ITV viewers have watched reality star Joey Essex stay near the top of the leaderboard after his impressive routines. However, the 32-year-old confessed to Express.co.uk he was terrified of the ice following a fall. Before being paired up with his current professional partner Vanessa Bauer, Joey suffered a nasty fall during rehearsals. He was rushed to the hospital after tripping backward and nearly chopped his finger off. As a result, the contestant had to have his middle finger bandaged up which left him feeling anxious another accident would happen again. Speaking to Express.co.uk Joey said he was nervous about getting back out on the ice. READ MORE:Happy Valley writer worried over finale after star 'wasn't happy' He explained: “I was terrified, I was also quite gutted as well. I wasn’t sad but I was obviously missing out on what I wanted to do. “I was so terrified to fall and hit the metal finger on the ice, I was in so much pain and the finger was all taped up. “It gave me a disadvantage at the start but I’ve thrown myself into it and I’ve moved on from the injury.” Since making his debut on the ITV show, there’s been speculation Joey and Vanessa are growing closer off of the ice. During Musicals week, the duo performed a routine dressed as the two main characters from the 80s classic Grease. Picking up on their chemistry, host Holly Willoughby took the opportunity to ask about a romance. She said: “You’re like a real-life Sandy and Danny out there, have you got something you want to tell us you two?” With a huge grin on his face, Joey replied: “Danny and Sandy are getting on pretty well, if you know what I mean.” Giving a quick wink at the camera, Phillip Schofield asked if he was confirming live on air there was something going on behind the scenes. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street’s Zeedan makes decision on his future on the cobbles [SOAP] Doctor Who boss Russell T Davies hints at 'thrilling' scenes [VIDEO] ITV viewers blast GMB's 'ludicrous' gender-neutral God debate [REACTION] Putting his hands up, Joey added: “I’m not confirming anything.” Last Sunday, the former TOWIE star achieved his highest score so far in the competition as he was awarded 30.5 out of a possible 40, putting him in fourth place on the leaderboard. At the top is Olympic gymnast Nile Wilson, who was given a total of 34 with Carley Stenson and The Vivienne following close behind with 32.5. At the other end of the leaderboard was Patsy Palmer and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu who found themselves n the bottom two after receiving the lowest votes from the public. Taking to the ice for a second time, the two celebrities had to try and impress judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill. However, all four judges on the panel decided to save Pasty which resulted in the former Love Island winner being the third person to leave the competition. So far in the series, singer and actress Michelle Heaton and football legend John Fashanu have been eliminated from the show. Dancing on Ice continues on Sunday on ITV at 6:25pm