Former Arsenal forward Nicklas Bendtner once dated the daughter of Steve Bruce while working under the veteran manager at Birmingham City after being scolded for spending his nights in lap-dancing clubs. Bendtner managed to establish himself as a cult hero during his time in English football and was best known for his nine-year spell at Arsenal, who he represented on more than 100 occasions between 2005 and 2014. The Dane also spent time at Birmingham City on loan during the 2006/07 season and helped fire the Blues to promotion from the Championship as runners-up by chipping in with 11 league goals. However, it was not all plain sailing for Bendtner during his brief spell at St Andrew's as he faced the wrath of Bruce as a result of his off-field antics.Bendtner previously revealed how he made Bruce chuckle in the midst of a dressing-down over his tendency to frequent late-night venues in the city, telling talkSPORT: "It wasn’t just lap dancing clubs five times a week. It wasn’t like I was addicted to lap dancing clubs, let’s get that straight! It was just going out in general."I had an injury. I had such huge respect for Steve. People I really respect I cannot lie to, I have to be completely honest. He called me in fuming, he was really upset. JUST IN: VAR fiasco in Chelsea's loss to Tottenham masks two worries for Potter "When he was explaining: ‘You’ve been out four times this week’. I was like" ‘I’m really sorry, Steve, it was five’. He didn’t really know how to react, he was so mad but couldn’t stop doing a giggle to himself."Bendtner went on to risk the fury of Bruce again by dating his daughter after initially meeting her at a charity event, where he approached her following several bets from some of his team-mates. He ended up falling head over heels for her, which was not part of the plan but led to a relationship before the pair broke things off in 2008. "All of a sudden, I bet £1,000 with people like [Gary] McSheffrey, [Stephen] Clemence and [Damien] Johnson, who's our captain," Bendtner recalled to Politiken. "It could have been expensive if she couldn't stand me. Contrary to the plan, I went and fell in love with Amy."It seems as though Bendtner avoided falling out with Bruce in spite of his extracurricular activities, with the striker and the former Blues manager reuniting at Sunderland three years later. He enjoyed another successful campaign under the guidance of his old boss, finishing as the Wearside club's top scorer in the Premier League with eight goals to his name. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.