Maternal has been airing on ITV and the series follows a group of medical professionals as they return to their taxing jobs. Having just come back from maternity leave, they have been struggling to balance their work and family lives. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future. The six-episode series is about to come to an end with the season one finale airing on February 20. In the final episode, Maryam Afridi (played by Parminder Nagra) and Catherine MacDiarmid (Lara Pulver) speak up at the investigation panel. Meanwhile, Helen Cavendish (Lisa McGrillis) has a difficult choice to make after she is presented with an offer. All three women are forced to make decisions about the future as the story comes to a head. READ MORE: Maternal star addresses 'weird' on-screen fling with friend's husband At this moment in time, ITV is yet to renew the series for a second season as it will be down to viewership ratings and cast schedules. If the series is renewed, it could emerge as early as January 2024, following the same pattern as season one. Parminder Nagra discussed the possibility of a second season, admitting she would "love to explore it more". She told Digital Spy whilst discussing her character in season two: "I mean… I say that and then the mum part of me went 'Logistically, how is that going to work?' "I love playing her. I think she’s just… You know, she’s a bit mad. There’s this sort of quirky quality to Maryam, I feel like. "But I like that sort of quirkiness to her. I would just love to explore it more, and see where she goes, and what happens. "I mean, ITV seem to like it, so we’ll see what the audience says, because that will be the real test." This suggests Maryam could return as one of the leading characters if the series is renewed. DON'T MISS... Maternal's Parminder Nagra discloses how she accidentally landed role Mum’s the word when it comes to juggling parenthood and work Vera's Riley Jones 'eternally grateful' as he shares career milestone Lead director James Griffiths explained what attracted him to the show in the first place. He said: "I have a personal connection to the material as both of my sisters have devoted their lives to working for the NHS – one in admin in a lab, and the other as a nurse. "Having witnessed their experiences through Covid over the past couple of years, I instantly felt compelled by this story and became passionate about collaborating with the brilliant team who brought it to light. "I recognised in Jacqui’s (Honess-Martin) writing the authenticity and the truth in her tone, voices that resonated with stories I had heard from my own family’s experience. "I just thought that was a really important story to capture. It was a kind of head and heart decision." Viewers have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the series so far and a potential second season. Kirsty said: "Watched #Maternal on ITV. So good! On maternity leave myself and hit me a bit thinking about going back to work! "I recorded it and ended up binge watching them all on @ITVX in two days. Hope there’s a season two." Hayley Laura added: "We binged the entire series of #maternal OMG it is incredible @larapulver @parmindernagra @RazaJaffrey @LisaMcGrillis @joethomas73 the entire cast - fantastic. "Need a season two asap and a season three. Highly highly recommend it."   Maternal is available to watch on ITV Hub