Since Chas Dingle’s (played by Lucy Pargeter) affair was exposed, Emmerdale viewers have seen Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) struggle with his mental health due to the breakdown of his marriage. With a mixture of isolation, grief and confusion, ITV has confirmed the loveable character contemplates taking his own life. Since splitting from Chas, Paddy continues to hold a lot of resentment towards his wife as they continue to live above the Woolpack together. With the constant reminders of her cheating, grieving over the loss of their daughter Grace along with daily bickering it all becomes too much for Paddy to cope with. ITV has revealed next month, the character will consider taking his own life after feeling unable to reach out for support. Appearing on Thursday’s instalment of Lorraine, Emmerdale star Lisa Riley who plays Mandy Dingle in the show, touched on the upcoming storyline. READ MROE:ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show The soap star told Lorraine the layers that have followed after the split with Chas have started to suffocate him which results in a downward spiral. She commented: “We are tackling depression to the fullest form and Emmerdale does that well. “We saw it last year, with Marlon (Mark Charnock) doing the stroke storyline and the Alzehimer's storyline we did, we do these stories. “This year, with Dominic who plays Paddy, he is going to attempt suicide.” The ITV host told Lisa during this time, Paddy will really need to rely on Mandy to help him due to their history and love for one another. Lisa continued: “They do, they love each other. It's that whole thing when you are struggling and we, as ITV promote this, just keep talking. “What you’ve got with Mandy and Paddy, you’ve got somebody who can be there for him through thick and thin all the time. “Never judge him, never think anything’s right or wrong, advise him and just be there for him.” DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice’s Joey Essex ‘terrified’ after fall on the ice [INSIGHT] Loose Women outrage as star says Shamima Begum wouldn't be a 'threat' [REACTION] Coronation Street’s Zeedan makes decision on his future on the cobbles [SOAP] Lisa confirmed the soap is working alongside Samaritans and Andy’s Men Club in order to portray Paddy’s mental health properly. Touching on the upcoming storyline, Lisa added: “It is a slow burner because we want to tell the story properly. “Just like for other people out there who would've had a friend like Mandy, who is going to be very worried. “Last night you had the comedy, and Laura (Shaw) our producer said there’ll be laughter and love between Mandy and Paddy but now there’s going to be loyalty and love, all the way." Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV from 7.30pm with an hour long special every Thursday. Lorraine continues weekdays on ITV from 9am. 