If your Sky equipment has suddenly lost one of its best new features you are definitely not alone. The television firm recently announced a blockbuster upgrade to its Sky Glass and Sky Stream gadgets which finally bought the long-awaited Personalised Playlists to these devices. The update, which began rolling out at the beginning of this month, offered the option to add shows, movies and content to specific family profiles. This basically meant that each member of the household only sees things that they want to watch and also stopped adults from being served up with endless cartoons and kids not seeing things that might be inappropriate. Personalised Playlists were actually meant to arrive at the end of 2022 but things got pushed until the start of this year due to unforeseen circumstances. Now it seems whatever may have caused that initial delay is affecting the official rollout with Sky suddenly pulling the feature from devices without warning. READ MORE: Best Sky deals: Get Sky TV for FREE, discounts on Sky Glass TVs, Sky Stream, and broadband As spotted by the team at Cordbusters, it appears things started to get rolled back earlier this week with Sky verifying that things are being delayed. Express.co.uk has also confirmed that devices that were running the new Entertainment OS 1.1 software have now been reverted back to the older Entertainment OS 1.0. It's currently unclear what is causing things to be put on ice but those who were enjoying the news Playlists feature will now have to wait for its return. And that improved personalisation wasn't the only update included in the new software with users also being treated to Cast and Crew rail which offered quick access to the people starring in movies and shows. Users could also simply select someone from the rail, see everything they’ve been a part of and instantly watch content they've previously appeared in. There was also a new ‘Play’ voice command which allowed users to simply say “Play Love Island” and pick up exactly where they left off in the South African villa. This means there's no need to head to a specific Show Page or trawl through search results. Bluetooth also got better: On Sky Glass, users could listen via their Bluetooth headphones at the same time as Sky Glass’ speakers are playing, meaning customers who are hard of hearing could listen with their headphones, while watching with the rest of their household. There's no word on when Entertainment OS 1.1 will begin being rolled out to devices again. It's also worth noting that this doesn't affect those using Sky Q as these popular set-top boxes don't feature this upgrade. Express.co.uk has contacted Sky and will update this article as soon as we hear more.