Flowers don't have the longest shelf life once the stems have been cut but there are ways to keep them looking bright for weeks, rather than days. While keeping the vase topped up with clean water is the most obvious way to prolong bold blooms like roses, a DIY and home decor expert has shared another crucial tip. In a recent video on her TikTok profile, Elnaz Hamai (@elnazhamai) revealed her tried and tested advice to help roses "stay fresh for longer". She noted that effective rose care starts from the minute you take your roses home and start preparing them for the vase. Elnaz said: "First, trim all the leaves, this will prevent leaves from dying and releasing bacteria in the water."Then cut the stems with garden shears at a diagonal and don't cut them too short. This will allow better water absorption. You can also remove the guard petals to allow the flower to open up." But while there is plenty you can do before positioning your roses in the house, the DIY expert explained that keeping your vase in the wrong place could cause flowers to wilt more quickly. READ MORE: 'Social' kitchen design trend you can recreate on just one wall Elnaz explained that no matter how well you prepare the water, stems and petals, keeping the vase in your kitchen or dining room can be problematic. She said: "Never place your flowers next to the fruit bowl. That will make them vault faster." According to Interflora florist, Vicky Wilson, your fruit bowl can cause premature wilting because many fruits, including apples, bananas, and tomatoes, all produce high levels of ethylene. This is a gas that interferes with the production of ethylene in flowers which in turn, speeds up the ageing process and shortens the shelf life of your Valentine's bouquet. DON'T MISS...‘Immediate’ tip to ‘fix any drooping’ on your tulips - ‘perks’ them up [REVEAL]4 winter plants to ‘deadhead’ this month for ‘increased flowering’ [LATEST]Gran with garden 'like Chelsea Flower Show' ordered to remove plants [INSIGHT] In addition to apples, bananas and tomatoes, cantaloupe melons, kiwi, peaches and even pears should also be avoided when it comes to finding the perfect spot for your vase. And if you're thinking of keeping them in the kitchen, it should be noted that avocados and peppers are also ethylene producers which could hinder the longevity of any nearby flowers. It's not just food sources that can impact the shelf life of a bouquet either. The temperature of your home can also have an impact. For this reason, it is best to avoid keeping a vase of fresh flowers in areas with fluctuating conditions, like on a windowsill. READ MORE: ‘Concerned’ property expert shares six energy saving ‘myths’ to avoid While it may look impressive to see the light catch the colour of the petals through a window, it's not the safest place for them if you want a long-standing display in your home. The same goes for tables or shelves near radiators as the warmth can speed up the decay of your blooms. Instead, you should keep cut flowers in a cool area of the house to ensure the longest vase life. This could be on a coffee or dining table out of direct sunlight and away from heat sources. Positioning your vase in the right place should keep the blooms looking brighter for at least seven days, though the best way to keep your cut flowers alive for longer is to use fresh, clean water.   Elnaz said: "Always wash your vase with antibacterial soap then use fresh, room temperature water and flower food. "Replace the vase water whenever it seems cloudy and enjoy your roses for much longer!"Changing the water can be done every day for extra reassurance that your blooms will last longer, though you can try adding a few other ingredients instead. One hack many florists swear by is to add a drop of bleach to the vase in order to reap the anti-microbial properties of the strong substance.