Tributes have been paid to the three students killed on a US university campus on Monday night. Gunman Anthony Dwayne McRae, 43, went on a rampage at Michigan State University, killing three and wounding five others before taking his own life. A friend described Alex Verner - one of three murdered - as kind, positive and “everything you’d want your daughter or friend to be". “Her kindness was on display every single second you were around her,” Clawson Public Schools Superintendent Billy Shellenbarger told CNN. The Michigan State University Department of Police and Public Safety identified the other two students as junior Arielle Anderson and sophomore Brian Fraser. Anderson and Fraser came from the same town of Grosse Pointe, Michigan, leaving their hometown with a double tragedy. “We cannot begin to fathom the immeasurable amount of pain that our campus community is feeling,” the police release said. READ MORE: Anthony McRae: What we know about university gunman who killed three and injured five Here's what we know so far about the victims. Verner touched the hearts of a lot of people in the town of Clawson, Michigan, Superintendent Shellenbarger said, which he described as a small tight-knit community. “To lose her on this planet, let alone our small community, it’s tough,” he told CNN. “And it’s going to take a while to recover, but to have known her for the duration of time that we all have, once again, is a gift to all of us." DON'T MISS 'Creeks filled with dead fish' spark alarm [LATEST]Woman accused of decapitating lover attacks lawyer [INSIGHT]Cop dies a week after horrific 40ft bridge fall [REPORT] Verner’s family is “being about as strong as a human being can be in the face of this tragedy,” Shellenbarger said, adding that he spoke with them Tuesday. Shellenbarger was the principal at Clawson High School while Verner was a student there. She graduated in 2020. Verner was a high-achieving three-sport athlete in volleyball, basketball and softball, as well as an excellent student who was active in many leadership groups at the school, Shellenbarger said. Fraser served as the president of the Michigan Beta Chapter of Phi Delta Theta, the fraternity said in a statement.  He was a leader and a great friend to his brothers, the Greek community and the people he interacted with on campus, the fraternity said. “Phi Delta Theta sends its deepest condolences to the Fraser family, the Michigan Beta Chapter, and all those who loved Brian as they mourn their loss,” the statement reads. Fraser was a sophomore who hailed from Grosse Pointe, which is in the Detroit area, university police said. He graduated in 2021 from Grosse Pointe South High School, according to district superintendent Jon Dean. Anderson, a junior at Michigan State, was also from Grosse Point. She graduated in 2021 from Grosse Pointe North High School. “How is it possible that this happened in the first place, an act of senseless violence that has no place in our society and in particular no place in school?” Dean said. “But then, it touched our community not once, but twice.” Four of the five injured students from the shooting required surgery and some immediate intervention, Dr. Denny Martin, Interim President and Chief Medical Officer at Sparrow Hospital, said on Tuesday. Michigan State has about 50,000 students, including 19,000 who live on campus. As hundreds of officers scoured the area, around 90 miles (145 kilometers) northwest of Detroit, students hid where they could on Monday night. The university shooting happened the day before the fifth anniversary of the Parkland, Florida, school shooting which left 17 dead. It is the latest in what has become a deadly new year in the US. It's unclear why Anthony McRae fired inside an academic building and the student union before he killing himself.