A large part of the donations given to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's foundation in 2021 came from a single donor, it has been claimed. Meghan and Prince Harry's non-profit organisation shared its impact report at the end of January. While the report did not include how much the Foundation had raised, royal author and correspondent Omid Scobie claimed the total donations in the organisation's first year of operation amounted to £10,740,340 ($13million). Mr Scobie, co-author of the unauthorised biography of the Sussexes titled Finding Freedom, went on to claim the Foundation distributed £2,478,990 ($3m) in grants across a number of areas Meghan and Harry have been focusing on in recent years - including vaccine equity, refugee resettlement, relief centres and the creation of a "better online world". In the first full year of operation, Archewell had one particularly generous donor to thank for the money raised, as this unidentified wealthy person alone donated £8,263,300 ($10m), an investigation has claimed. A donation to "Archewell, Inc." was made through the Silicon Valley Community Foundation (SVCF), a non-profit launched in 2007 known to have been used in the past by tech giants to make donations, the investigation by the DailyMail.com claimed. The SVCF says on its website to be on a mission to "connect people, ideas and resources to transform systems and ensure equity and opportunity for all". Explaining the charitable giving options available to potential donors, the SVCF's website states a person who wants to create a Donor Advised Fund will be able to organise all their charitable activities through one single charitable vehicle. The donation, the website went on to explain, will also qualify "for an immediate tax deduction, and you can take your time deciding which organizations to recommend for grants". The £8m donation seemingly provided to the Sussexes' Archewell was made through the Donor Advised Fund. The SVCF website lists as a reason for the donation "general nonprofit support" rather than a targeted injection of money for a specific cause championed by the Sussexes, the investigation also claimed. READ MORE: Royal Family seeks archivist to guard Queen's secrets This single donation appears to be the lion's share of the money raised by the Archewell Foundation in 2021. Over the years, tech billionaires such as Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and Twitter creator Jack Dorsey have used the SVCF funds to donate millions to charity. Prince Harry entered the Silicon Valley world just one year after stepping back as a full-time working member of the Firm. In March 2021, it was announced the Duke of Sussex had joined as chief impact officer BetterUp, a mental health and coaching firm. The Foundation was launched in late 2020 and has since been acknowledged by a number of organisations for its charitable work. In February last year, Prince Harry and Meghan were presented with the President's Award by the NAACP, earned through their work and achievements in public service, particularly in racial and social justice. The Human First Coalition, which helped save the lives of thousands of people fleeing the Taliban, presented the Foundation with the Partner Organization Award for its "advocacy on behalf of and financial support for at-risk Afghans as well as military veterans who served in Afghanistan." And in December, the pair accepted the Ripple of Hope Award by the Robert F Kennedy Human Rights for their work on racial justice. During its years of operation, the Foundation has awarded several grants and struck partnerships with organisations working on causes close to the Sussexes' heart. The impact report for 2020-2022 released in late January by Archewell showed the Foundation served, through its partnership with the World Central Kitchen, 50,000 meals to communities in need and rescued 7,468 individuals from Afghanistan by working with the Human First Coalition. Among other achievements, the Foundation also listed the creation of one play space built to support the community of Uvalde, in Texas, hit by a devastating school shooting last year. In a letter concluding the report, the Foundation's co-executive directors James Holt and Shauna Nep said the organisation will, in its third year, " continue to build a better world online, work to restore trust in information, and above all, uplift communities online and offline, local and global." Archewell and the Silicon Valley Community Foundation have been contacted for comment.