Sergio Aguero has claimed that Lionel Messi is weighing up a shock return to Newell's Old Boys, his boyhood club in Argentina. The 35-year-old is out of contract at Paris Saint-Germain this summer, prompting intensifying speculation surrounding his future in the French capital. Recently speaking to UOL, Aguero seemingly revealed that Messi was planning a return to his homeland as his next step. "He is seriously considering the possibility of playing for Newell's," the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner's close friend and former team-mate said. Another of Messi's fellow Argentines, Maxi Rodriguez, jokingly played down the speculation after being told of Aguero's revelation. "Kun is Kun. He can't keep quiet. We will see," Rodriguez laughed off. "It is hard to talk about this because then a giant ball of rumours is made. Let's wait and see what happens. We will not get ahead of the facts." The same report claims Messi will return to Newell's for Rodriguez's testimonial match in June as a 'trial run' before attempting to secure his signature. JUST IN: Man Utd takeover - Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe 'have same Glazer view'  Messi is far from his twilight years, inspiring Argentina to lift the nation's first World Cup in 36 years in Qatar last year. His crucial goals dragged the South Americans through the group stage and the knockout stages, being named the Player of the Tournament. And after a below-par maiden season at PSG, he has shot to life in France this term, registering 16 goals and 17 assists in all competitions. But with the final four months of his contract with the Parisiens approaching, there are growing fears that he will depart two years after joining from Barcelona. A romantic return to the Nou Camp has been touted as a potential option in the summer transfer window. DON'T MISS Fernandes explains Man Utd defeat that ‘hurts the most’ this seasonChelsea boss Potter lifts lid on 'crisis talks' and aims Tuchel digGuardiola points blame in strong response to Haaland service conerns However, his relationship with Barca president Joan Laporta is reportedly low after his exit, and he is said to have been ignoring calls from a negotiator about a potential Catalonia comeback. Inter Miami have also been strongly linked with Messi in recent months, with some reports late last year claiming he had even agree terms with the MLS outfit. And manager Phil Neville has welcomed the prospect of Messi and former Blaugrana team-mate Sergio Busquets arriving. He told The Times: "We want to bring the best players in the world to this football club. Messi and Busquets are the two that stand out more in recent years. "They're great players who would still be a massive benefit to this organisation. For MLS, it would be a game-changer." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.