Shrove Tuesday is here yet again, and with it comes yummy pancakes. However, for those too busy or too lazy to make them but who do not want to miss out, you will be pleased to know that supermarkets sell ready-made ones.  But which shop sells the best pancakes? Birmingham Live reporter Emily Collis pitted the supermarkets against each other to find the answer to the all-important question. Here is how she got on: Emily wrote: "I compared store-bought pancakes from Aldi, Asda, M&S, Tesco and Morrisons. "Laying my five packets or pancakes out on the kitchen table, my first thought was that they all looked pretty similar, apart from the packaging. "A pancake's a pancake, I thought. But it turns out some are a heck of a lot nicer than others. "We followed the cooking instructions on each pack - some suggested pan-frying while others heated up in the oven. "Some could also be microwaved, but that seemed a step too far." "Weirdly, my local Tesco didn't have any of its own-range pancakes in stock, but they did have some from a brand called Abra Ca Debora. They were £2.30 for a pack of six. "On closer inspection, these ones looked a little smaller than the others. We shallow-fried ours for 60 seconds on each side and they turned a lovely, golden brown. "These ones, like Morrisons' and M&S's, can be found in the fridge section, so I thought they might taste fresher. "But without any lemon or sugar, we found the branded ones a little bland. "The texture, too, was a bit wet. They weren't bad, but I couldn't help thinking I could have made better myself." "Surprisingly, Aldi's pancakes weren't the cheapest of the bunch, but still a modest £1.85 for a pack of eight. "The cooking instructions advised frying each pancake in a nob of butter, which you'd assume would make them taste even better. "But even before we'd tucked in, I could see my pancake was greasy - and I'd only used the tiniest amount of butter. "The texture was a bit slimy and dense and we both agreed we couldn't have eaten a second one." "Morrisons' pancakes seemed to be a little thicker than the first two. "We shallow-fried ours in a little oil for two minutes, flipping halfway. They smelled incredible. "If I'd made these myself, I'd be chuffed. They tasted better than any pancakes I've ever made - the perfect balance of stodgy and fluffy. "A little pricier at £1.99 for a pack of six, but worth every penny." "Asda's pancakes were the cheapest of the lot at £1.50 for eight. "It felt weird putting pancakes in the oven, but we did as the packet told us, covering them in foil and leaving them in for six minutes. "When they came out, they looked thin and dark in colour. "Eating these straight after the Morrisons ones, they didn't taste as fresh, but rather dry and a bit chewy. "They weren't awful, but I wouldn't buy them again in a hurry." "M&S's were the most expensive at £2.50 for a pack of six. "After Asda's, I was reluctant to heat them in the oven but thankfully, the result was very different. "They didn't dry out like Asda's and actually tasted the same, if not better, than homemade. "They were slightly sweeter and the texture was moist but still light. A strong contender from M&S." "Overall, I was really impressed by how much I liked the taste of pre-packaged pancakes. "None of them were bad, but I don't think it was a coincidence that our two favourites - M&S and Morrisons - were both from the fridge. They just tasted fresher than the rest. "Our favourite overall had to be Morrisons'. "The flavour and the texture were spot on and being able to heat them up in the pan meant that we still had all the fun of flipping pancakes - without the fuss or the mess."