The first episode of Channel 5’s new mini-drama Desperate Measures broadcast on Tuesday night and it quickly had viewers hooked. The four-part series stars Amanda Abington as single mum Rowan Taylor who puts her own job on the line by carrying out a heist at the bank where she works. The drama will run every night until Friday and viewers are loving it. Abbington’s character Rowan finds herself forced to steal from her employers after her son Finn (played by Jesse Cescatti-McFarlane) finds himself in trouble. He is coerced to take part in a disastrous drug deal by a local gang. This puts both their lives at risk when the gang threaten them. Rowan undertakes the risky venture to pay them off in the hopes that they will leave her family alone. Taking to Twitter to comment on the series, user @eicochrane wrote: “I can't bloody breathe... I need a lie down already. #DesperateMeasures.” READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Echoing her sentiments was @itsmillyp_, who tweeted: “Oh my GOD that was so intense, my heart is still racing. #DesperateMeasures.” @GailHammond17 admitted to being sucked in by the show, writing: “Omg, that was gripping stuff.” @CHIMPSINSOCKS said: “Absolutely brilliant, I'm hooked. #DesperateMeasures.” Abbington’s performance was especially singled out as fans took to social media to praise her. @nadzkaleem10 commented: “Omg halfway through & I’m hooked!! Ms Abbington is phenomenal as always!” Meanwhile @itsmillyp_ said: “Wow. Just wow. I’m actually speechless after watching that. "Amanda Abbington is incredible, utterly incredible. That’s hardly news, but this series really does showcase it.” Abbington is a familiar face to viewers having appeared in some of the top TV shows in recent times. In 2014 she was named Best Supporting Actress at the Crime Thriller Awards for her role in Sherlock. She has also had roles in Mr Selfridge, After You’ve Gone and The Net - Prometheus. DON'T MISSEastEnders' couple torn apart as Eve Unwin exposes affair [INSIGHT]Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [VIDEO]Nicky Campbell sits down with the daughter of his alleged abuser [INSIGHT] More recently she featured in ITV’s The Family Pile, Netflix’s Lockwood & Co, Wolfe and I Hate Suzie on Sky. She was previously in a relationship with fellow Sherlock actor Martin Freeman for 16-years until they split in 2016 and the couple share two children. The break-up deeply affected her as she explained to Red magazine in 2018. She said: "I had thought Martin was the love of my life. This wasn't meant to happen to us. "I would wake every morning with a sudden lurch. 'Why do I feel sick?' I'd ask myself, in the darkness of the bedroom I no longer shared with my partner.” She is now engaged to America’s Got Talent star Jonathan Goodwin. The retired escape artist was paralysed for life in a tragic accident in October 2021, following a stunt where he attempted to escape from a strait jacket while hanging upside down 30 feet in the air. His life changing injuries and rehabilitation forced the couple to postpone their original wedding plans. However, while promoting The Family Pile earlier this year Abbington revealed they now plan to marry this summer. Desperate Measures on Channel 5 at 9pm nightly until Friday February 24. Previous episodes are available to view on the Channel 5 player.