Sony is getting ready to host a brand new State of Play event later this week. The new State of Play will take place at 9pm GMT UK time on February 23. Airing just 24 hours after the release of Sony's PSVR 2 device, the 45 minute event will give fans a look at five upcoming virtual reality games launching in 2023. According to Sony, fans will also be treated to an extended look at Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League. The 15 minute Suicide Squad presentation will showcase brand new gameplay for the upcoming action game developed by Rocksteady. It looks like new Destiny expansion Lightfall will also feature as part of the event. In a post on the PlayStation Blog, Sony confirms that the event will primarily focus on titles coming from third-party developers, so fingers crossed we get a surprise announcement or two. The Pokemon Company will host a brand new Direct presentation later this month. The Pokemon Presents conference will be broadcast live on YouTube at 2pm GMT on February 27. Running for approximately 20 minutes, the Pokemon Presents event coincides with the anniversary of the release of the original Pokemon game from 1996. According to the organisers of the event, the event will be an opportunity for fans to "Celebrate Pokemon Together". Exactly what will be shown remains a mystery, but you can expect updates for games like Pokemon Go and Pokemon Scarlet and Violet. Microsoft has announced the next batch of Game Pass titles coming in February. First up is brand new action game Atomic Heart, which is available to play on Xbox, PC and via the Cloud from today. Two more games will join the service on February 28, including fantasy puzzle game Merge and Blade, as well as supernatural RPG Soul Hackers 2. Formula One racing sim F1 22 will join Xbox Game Pass on March 2, followed by Wo Long: Fallen Dynasty on March 3. Unfortunately, however, it's not all good news, because some high-profile classics are leaving the service at the end of February. If you haven't already, then now is the time to finish Alien: Isolation, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII and Octopath Traveler. Other games leaving include Crown Trick, Dragon Ball FighterZ, Far: Changing Tides and Madden NFL 21. Speaking of Microsoft, Xbox fans are counting down to the reveal of the next Forza Horizon 5 expansion. Developer Playground Games has confirmed plans to unveil the game's next DLC pack on Thursday, February 23. The news was announced by Playground Games on Twitter: "The next big thing from the Horizon Festival in Mexico is ready to be revealed! Tune in this Thursday for ALL the details." The reveal will take place at 5pm GMT UK time on Thursday, so check back for all the details.