Princess Anne is currently in New Zealand, and she wore an incredibly symbolic brooch on her first day. This is her first visit to the country since 2010, however, The Princess Royal's plans have been derailed by the onslaught of natural disasters New Zealand has faced in the past week.  Princess Anne was due to attend a military event in Palmerston North, but it was cancelled due to the Defence Force being called in to assist towns hit by the storm. Instead, she was given a tour of the National Crisis Management Centre in Wellington by Prime Minister Chris Hipkin.Diamond expert, Maxwell Stone from UK retailer Steven Stone has taken a close look and shared everything fans need to know about the brooch that The Princess Royal was wearing. Maxwell commented: “Princess Anne’s brooch appears to be a yellow gold, interwoven heirloom. READ MORE: Kate and William’s closest royal friends is another couple  "Interestingly, the yellow gold doesn’t shine, which suggests that it’s brushed or matte." According to the expert, Princess Anne has indeed worn this jewel before. Mr Stone commented: "Though she’s worn it at events – including Royal Ascot in 2009 and to a garden party at Hillsborough Castle in 2022 – there’s little information out there about this particular brooch." What does the brooch look like? Mr Stone continued: "In the shape of a star, each corner features three diamonds. "Though it’s unknown who gifted the piece to Princess Anne and if it represents anything specifically, stars burst with symbolism and represent motivation, guidance, protection, wishes and spirituality – making the brooch a particularly sentimental choice by The Princess Royal that reflects her caring character, as she’s visiting the country during the aftermath of a devastating cyclone."    The jewel does not come cheap, however, as the expert gave a rough estimate of its value. Mr Stone claimed: "I’d value the interesting piece at £25,000 ($30,000).” The shape of a five-pointed star is said to represent a divine symbol of oneness, making the brooch a unifying choice for The Princess Royal. She paired the brooch with a bright yellow outfit to symbolise happiness and sunshine as she touched down in New Zealand. Royal fans loved Princess Anne's bright yellow style as she touched down in New Zealand, an outfit which she previously wore to Lady Gabriella Windsor's wedding.   READ MORE: Zara Tindall exercises for 'eight hours a day' for perfect weight loss @tu88777682 tweeted: "When I saw this earlier, I thought WOW! Stunning." Today, The Princess Royal visited the Riding for the Disabled Association in Wellington. She wore a very bright scarf with a navy blue background but an orange, red, white and pale blue polka-dot print. Princess Anne teamed this scarf with a beige anorak coat and she looked the perfect part as she visited the riding school. Her Royal Highness has travelled to New Zealand at the request of the NZ Army's Royal New Zealand Corps of Signals, of which she is Colonel in Chief, to attend its 100th-anniversary celebrations.  Though she's frequently seen in her horse riding attire, Princess Anne knows how to glam things up and she's had some iconic jewellery moments over the years. These jewellery pieces include some truly show-stopping tiaras and eye-catching necklaces. In the 1980s, Anne would wear matching necklaces, a pair of earrings with a swipe of blue eyeshadow and puff-sleeved dresses, proving herself to be quite the style icon. However, it's Princess Anne's brooches that she's become most famous for, inheriting the style trick from her late mother, Queen Elizabeth II.  