After announcing the news late last year, Sky's latest channel upgrade is now available to watch and some customers will get the blockbuster boost for free. Just in time for the half-term holidays, the all-new Sky Kids channel is now live and comes included with the £6 per month Sky Kids package - that means those who already subscribe to this bundle get extra shows without paying a penny more. The channel update includes exclusive originals and star names with Fearne Cotton, Marcus Bentley and Jodie Whittaker just some of the celebrities that are part of the new platform. Sky says that shows will span themes of learning, arts and crafts, music, dance and fitness and will include programmes such as Where’s Wally, The Epic Adventures of Morph, My Friend Misty, Ready, Eddie, GO! and Dino Club. And families who subscribe will also be treated to franchise favourites such as Miffy, DUPLO and Little Baby Bum. Speaking about the official launch of Sky Kids linear TV channel, Lucy Murphy, Director of Kids Content at Sky, said: “The new Sky Kids TV channel is finally here with a breadth of new Sky Originals and familiar favourites set to air. "Alongside premium entertainment, the new channel will have shows that span important themes including emotional resilience, positive well-being, saving the planet and so much more, providing children and families alike with content that both inspires and entertains at all times of the day." You'll find the new Kids channel on Sky 609. Although Sky is launching that new service this week it's also ending one of its best Sky deals. Right now, you can sign up for TV and get the new Sky Stream box is free. Yes, you can take delivery of this device - which doesn't need a dish or annoying installation - and give it a go for a month without paying a penny. Don't like it? You simply tell Sky it's not for you and switch it off... no questions asked. Even if you do decide you want to keep using Stream for a little longer there's also the option to subscribe on a month-by-month basis so you don't have to commit to the usual long-term 18-month contract. Sky Stream also includes all the usual premium channels from Sky including Sky Atlantic, Sky Documentaries and Sky Nature. Want to know more about this box? Read our Sky Stream review. To make things even more attractive there's full access to Netflix as well allowing you to binge on boxsets and watch blockbuster movies without paying anything extra. DEAL: Free Sky Stream for one monthPRICE: Then £29 per monthCONTRACT: Rolling deal, cancel at any time • No set up feeINCLUDES: Sky Stream box plus Netflix and channels such as Sky Atlantic, Sky Documentaries, Sky Nature, Comedy Central, Eurosport, Discovery and more.SEE THE DEAL HERE