Ahead of the broadcast of the landmark 50th episode of Vera on Sunday night, Riley Jones, who plays DC Mark Edwards in the show, had a moment of reflection in New York’s Times Square. The star has been enjoying a visit to the Big Apple since February 15 and on Valentine’s Day he issued a shout out to fans on Twitter for suggestions for non-touristy things to do. When he later took to the must-visit Times Square, he got a huge surprise when he discovered it was home to a giant billboard for Vera. Posing with the promo in the background he took to Twitter to express his gratitude. “Stood in Times Square looking up at a billboard for a show I’m in!” he wrote. “A show that has been part of my life for over 12 years. A show that is about to air it’s 50th episode. “A show that highlights our beautiful North East to the world. Super proud and eternally grateful. #Vera.” READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show His fans were thrilled by the post quickly chiming in to offer congratulations. One wrote: “That must be some feeling that probably on par scoring for the club you support etc.” Another said: “Great to see #Vera being appreciated by our friends across the pond Great cast including yourself sir !” (sic) A third added: “Wow that’s great how our wonderful north east is being seen in the big apple at long last USA may know that there’s more to the UK than London have a great trip.” Diehard viewers of the show had to deal with a lot of broadcast upheaval in recent times. It was pulled from schedules at the start of last year with two episodes of series 11 still to air. Fans had to wait until last month to see the eagerly anticipated Vital Signs and The Way The Wind Blows, which concluded the season. They were swiftly followed a week later by series 12 opener Against The Tide, which saw Paul Kaye appear in his final scenes as popular character Dr Malcolm Donahue. DON'T MISS...Vera star speaks out on Brenda Blethyn 'taking break' from ITV series [EXCLUSIVE]Vera on ITV is now into its 12th season and shows no signs of stopping [LATEST]Vera season 12's The Darkest Evening will explore Vera Stanhope's past [INSIGHT] Last night’s dramatic two-hour episode titled The Darkest Evening also served as the season finale to series 12 and saw DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) find a baby abandoned in a car during a storm. Unable to get a mobile signal and facing blocked roads at every turn, she was forced to seek refuge in Brockburn House, the Stanhope ancestral pile. With a function in full swing and a baby in tow she didn’t exactly receive a warm welcome from her estranged family. Things later took sinister turn when a body was found on the track leading to Brockburn House. While fans loved the episode, they were sad to say goodbye to it. “Absolutely love Vera. Gutted its (sic) the last episode for a bit but really enjoyed this latest series it just gets better and better," one fan wrote on Twitter. “Blimey, I was on the edge of my seat. Totally amazing episode,” said another. ITV haven’t yet confirmed when or if there will be a season 13 of the show. All series of Vera are available now on ITVX