Britons are being urged to “build up your emergency fund” as soon as possible in light of the ongoing cost of living crisis. According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), growth in the country’s economy came to a halt in the final quarter of 2022, but shrunk by 0.5 percent in December. While this eased concerns about an immediate recession, concerns are still heightened over the state of peoples’ finances. A country is recognised as experiencing a recession when it experiences two consecutive quarters of economic decline. Even with the latest GDP figures, the Bank of England is still predicting a recession; albeit a shallower one than expected. LiveMore Mortgage’s Barometer, which is used to measure the public's worries about finances, found that a third of the UK’s over-50s have concerns about being able to put enough food on their tables. Over half of those aged between 50 and 90 are anxious that they will not be able to heat their homes or pay their bills. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Over 2,000 Britons in this age range were questioned in detail on how they were being affected by the worsening economy and likely recession. Figures from the Government suggest that there are 25.5 million people over the age of 50 in the country. Among the biggest issues for older Britons was that inflation-hiked prices were beginning to erode their savings. Some shared their fears over rising interest rates and the impact that would have on mortgages down the line. LiveMore Mortgage’s chief executive officer Leon Diamond broke down why people are still worried about a recession despite the economy remaining steady. He explained: “There is a misleading perception in the UK – particularly among younger people - that the majority of over-50s have had it easier financially and are comfortably off. “The LiveMore Barometer dispels that myth and gives us insight into the very real concerns which drive their financial priorities. “It is clear that many of the UK’s older people are being hit hard by the cost of living crisis and are already close to the edge financially – and now fear that its effects will continue to get worse if the UK dips into recession.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Victor Trokoudes, the CEO and co-founder of Plum, shared some money saving advice for those dealing with the ramifications of a recession. The savings expert said: "It’s important to set aside money to cover three to six months of outgoings. That means you can cover your essential household bills, like mortgage or rent, food and energy. If that’s not possible, just put away what you can. "Crucially, this money needs to be available immediately so you’re not having to wait around to access it. “While many people built up their savings during the pandemic, one in 10 don't have any savings. Paying what you can each month means you can steadily build up your emergency fund." Furthermore, Mr Trokoudes highlighted the importance of people getting on top of debt payments, especially in light of inflation rising. Those who pay off their debt earlier will have more room to budget for the recent rising cost of utilities, but the expert also said people should consider moving to a cheaper rate. He added: “If you have a higher credit score, you’ll likely have more options open to you but moving your debt to a zero credit card or a personal loan on a cheaper interest rate could be a good option. “That means you can use more of your finances to pay down the actual debt each month rather than just paying off the interest.”