Manchester United icon Gary Neville has told potential new owners of the Red Devils that six pledges need to be made in order to get the fans onside. The Glazer family put the club up for sale at the end of last year and bids are expected in the near future from the likes of a Qatari investment group and Ineos chief Jim Ratcliffe. Qatar Sports Investments also own Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain and despite UEFA regulations stating that it is a conflict of interest for two clubs to have the same owners if the bid championed by the Emir of Qatar meets the Glazer’s £5billion asking price, they would be given the green light by the governing body. However, Neville has outlined the need for any potential new owners to pledge to cancel the club’s debt, not take out dividends, commit to a rebuild of Old Trafford and the surrounding area, the training ground and invest in the first team and make up for the current regime that has been criticised by a large number of supporters. “Manchester United and Liverpool, our two biggest clubs in the country are going to be sold in the next few months, it’s huge news,” Neville told Sky Sports. “Obviously with what’s happening at this current moment in time, the regulator coming in, the news of Manchester City this week and the pressure on them, it is either going to be another US consortium, similar to the one that’s taken over at Chelsea, or it’s going to be a Middle Eastern group. “You’re fancying Oman, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Dubai, they’ve all been mentioned, and I think to me it comes down to no debt, no dividends, commitment to rebuild the stadium, rebuild the area around the stadium, the training ground. Rebuild the first team - invest heavily in the team. “Commitment to the fans and making sure that they’re involved and it’s affordable, all of those things are really important, and whoever comes in has to meet that commitment to pledges, the manifesto.  "That’s the most important thing because the one thing we can never determine - us or anybody - is who the Glazers are going to sell to. They’re going to sell to the people that offer them the most money.” Interested parties have been invited to submit offers by the end of this week, with the process of overseeing United's takeover being led by the Raine Group. The Glazers are reportedly split over whether to sanction a full or partial sale of the club, though Qatar are said to only be interested in a majority takeover and would be prepared to add another £1.2bn to the investment package to rebuild Old Trafford and modernise the club’s training base at Carrington.