Since October 2022, energy bills have risen by 27 percent for the average household even with financial assistance in place. Experts are forecasting that costs may become cheaper in the next few months due to “more competitive rates” being available. Last year, the Government launched the energy price guarantee which caps the price per unit of gas and electricity for homes with average usage. Thanks to the Government’s energy price guarantee, households have been left on a standard variable tariff which is lower than almost all energy tariffs. As a result, the amount of savings households can make by switching suppliers is being constrained. If someone is on a variable rate, what they pay can change over time while someone on a fixed rate would pay the same amount over a particular period. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come As such, those with a fixed rate energy tariff are more likely to save money if their bills are low. In comparison, those on the standard variable tariff are likely to be hit with higher energy bills amid soaring costs within the whole sector. However, pending changes to the price guarantee and reduced Government support in the coming months means that suppliers could have more of an incentive to offer better deals on energy bills, according to Cornwall Insights. The supplier switching rates for households dropped from an average of 496,000 electricity supply points moving per month in 2019 to only 85,000 per month in 2022. With the energy price guarantee rising from £2,500 to £3,000 in April wholesale prices decreasing, Cornwall Insights estimates that suppliers will be able to offer fixed tariffs that compete with the capped government prices. It should be noted that this prediction is subject to volatility within the gas and electricity market but “early indications” suggest suppliers could offer competitively priced tariffs within a matter of weeks. Around 5.5 million supplier switches that might have been expected to take place did not happen, when taking into account the average rates from the two years up to October 2019 as a baseline. Even if some of these switches would have been customers moving energy suppliers more than once, experts believe this indicates Britons may be preparing to move on a more favourable route which beats the standard variable rates. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Richard Neudegg, the director of regulation at Uswitch.com, added: “The return of fixed deals to the energy market would finally give consumers the freedom of choice over their supplier with an option to lock in more certainty on pricing. “With wholesale prices stabilising, though still high compared to past years, there is an opportunity for suppliers to start offering more competitive rates. “Bill payers need the option to fix their deals again or switch away from their current supplier if they want to, just as with the mortgage market where customers have both variable and fixed rate options over different time periods.” The energy expert took aim at current rules in place which are preventing energy suppliers from offering the best deals. He said: “The market stabilisation charge implemented by Ofgem, which hits suppliers with charges every time a customer switches provider, alongside other measures, is actively disincentivising suppliers from offering competitive deals. “It is not OK for customers to have their options artificially suppressed when the market otherwise would be making decent options available that gives additional certainty or savings. “During the energy crisis, providers have not really felt the threat of customers voting with their feet, risking complacency. “A return to fixed deals will bring the benefits of competition back to the market, giving consumers the chance to pick or switch their supplier on the basis of who offers the best deals and customer service.”