Those pesky black spots, known as mould, love to sprout up in all the little nooks and crannies of a washing machine drawer. As the compartment typically remains damp, this becomes the perfect breeding ground for mould. Keeping on top of the cleaning of this area of the washing machine means households don’t have a mammoth scrubbing task later down the line. To make the task easier for those who have let their washing machine drawer get taken over by mould and soap scum, one cleaning enthusiast has taken to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips and Tricks page on Facebook to share how she made the mould on her washing machine drawer “disappear”. Lee Arbuckle wrote: “Someone earlier put a post on about cleaning washing machine drawers, but can’t find it. Seeing as I’ve been cleaning everything recently - my shower is gleaming, my taps are sparkling and limescale free, black streaked toilet now gleaming - I went looking for something else and saw a post that prompted me to clean my washing machine drawer. “Seeing as I’ve discovered Harpic black (magic) I thought I’d try it. I used an old toothbrush and the dirt just came off and the stubborn stains just disappeared, so would definitely recommend using it.” Keeping on top of the cleaning of this area of the washing machine means households don’t have a mammoth scrubbing task later down the line. To remove the drawer to clean it, households should spot a small release tab which will allow it to be completely removed. If in doubt, check the manual and don’t force it. READ MORE: Appliance to prevent mould and condensation forming ‘all year’ Along with the tip, Lee posted before and after pictures of using Harpic Power Plus, which is marketed as a toilet cleaner but can also tackle mould. In the two 'before' pictures the woman’s washing machine drawer was completely covered in mould and leftover soap residue. In the two 'after' pictures the drawer was spotless and looked brand new. Taking to the comments section, other group members shared their thoughts on this cleaning tip. DON'T MISSRemove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [EXPERT]Five ‘dangerous’ log burner mistakes you need to ‘avoid’ [INSIGHT]‘Most reliable’ tomatoes to grow for ‘heavy delicious crops’ [TIPS] Michelle Malone said: “I used that on mine yesterday, was amazed how new it looks.” “Sarah Farrow wrote: “Wow that’s brilliant, I’m going to have to try this now.” Sana Neveed commented: “Amazing job you did there. It is unbelievably clean. I’m going to have to test this out for myself.” Elena Mossop replied: “Harpic is amazing. Cleaned mine in five minutes. I didn’t even scrub it and there was no more mould.” READ MORE: ‘Stubborn’ stains ‘slip right off’ of oven door with 85p staple Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Amanda Fitzpatrick said: “When my drawer got into that state I also used black Harpic on an old toothbrush. Worked great.” According to Harpic’s website, they claim the product is 10 times “better than bleach” on limescale, tough stains, rust, and dirt build up. The cleaning product can be purchased from Poundland for £1 and at local supermarkets, such as at Asda for £1.30 and for £1.65 at Tesco. Other Mrs Hinch fans in the comments suggested using baking soda and white vinegar to clean dirt washing machine drawers. Brogan Hill said: “Bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar. Leave for a little bit, then scrub, wipe and rinse with warm water.” Donna Moo wrote: “Super sonic brush, baking soda and white vinegar works a treat. Then freshen it up with Zoflora.” Leanne Fisher commented: “Some vinegars and bicarbonate of soda is what I use on a sonic scrubber.” Karen Simpson suggested: “Rub baking soda all over it and spray with white vinegar.”