New Arsenal signing Jorginho has spoken out about the failed attempts that Mikel Arteta has made to land the Italian in the past, having sealed a potential £12million deal from Chelsea on transfer deadline day. The 31-year-old moved to the Emirates after the Gunners were unable to agree a fee with Brighton for Moises Caicedo this month. Jorginho explained that Arteta has attempted to sign him previously and vowed to bring positive energy, hard work and experience to the club, having joined on a deal until the summer of 2024 - though the club do have the option to extend his deal by a further year. “He was a big influence because I know that he tried a few times to get me before and it didn’t happen due to other reasons," Jorginho admitted to the club website. "Not because of my wishes. So of course, he had a big influence. “I’m very excited for this new challenge, and I just can’t wait to be on the pitch to be honest! Everything has happened so fast. I was a bit surprised, but I took the opportunity of this amazing challenge. It’s an important shirt. It’s an amazing club, a big one, and I’m really excited and happy to be here.” Jorginho was on the losing side to Arsenal in Chelsea's 1-0 defeat in November, and he explained how difficult that encounter was for him. “It was tough, it was a hard time! Even in pre-season we had a friendly match, and I could feel and see that Arsenal would do very well this season," Jorginho added. "So, when we faced each other again at Stamford Bridge, it wasn’t a surprise for me at all. “I’ll try to just bring positive energy, hard work and my experience to help the team. It’s what I always bring with me. I try just to help with the experience I’ve had in my time with the other clubs and anything I can do just to help the team to achieve more and more, that’s my target. All I can promise is that I’m going to give my all to represent this club.” DON'T MISSLeeds rocked by Zaniolo twist with Roma ready to approve transferMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turnChelsea make decision on letting Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan  Arteta also explained what he expects Jorginho to bring to the club. “Jorginho is a midfield player with intelligence, deep leadership skills and a huge amount of Premier League and international experience," Arteta said. "Jorginho has won in his career, but he still has the hunger and huge willingness to contribute here. We are so pleased to sign Jorginho and welcome him and his family to the club.” Sporting director Edu added: “Jorginho is an established professional with a strong mentality who brings quality and experience into our squad. He is a player who fits our style of play, and he joins us at a very good moment where he can contribute in a key position to help maintain our momentum. We welcome Jorginho to Arsenal.” 