There are a whole range of factors that play a part in determining the value of a home. Things like the size of the block your home is on, its location in relation to shops and its proximity to great local schools are things that you can't really change, but there are plenty of elements impacting price that are under your control - especially when it comes to decor. Kelly Friel, Digital Project Manager at Zoro, has delved in on three features households should avoid if they are looking for a better valuation and sale price. Get this wrong and potential buyers won’t even make it through the front door. Households can help to ensure that buyers want to come into the house by spending a bit of time working on the home’s front exterior. Kelly told Express.co.uk: “When you’re in the process of selling your house, it’s important to consider curb appeal. “The outside of a property is the first thing potential buyers will see, both on the online listing and when they come to view the property in person. READ MORE: 5 ‘common’ bedroom mistakes to ‘avoid’ a ‘cheap and tacky’ aesthetic “So, a neglected drive, porch, or front garden can significantly devalue your house and put potential buyers off at the first hurdle. “Especially in a saturated, competitive housing market, to get your listing noticed you should complete any necessary repairs to the general exterior of your property before you take photographs or arrange viewings.” First impressions begin to be formed the moment buyers see a property from the street, so this is critical to get right. Nothing changes the appearance of a room quicker than the addition of paint or wallpaper. DON'T MISS‘Amazing remedy’ to dissolve ‘black stains’ from log burner glass [TIPS]Gardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [COMMENT]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [EXPERT] A bad colour choice can instantly make a large room look smaller and unattractive to potential buyers. The property expert said: “In terms of décor, recent trends in the fashion and interior design industries would suggest that maximalism is back in style. “While this has encouraged homeowners to experiment more with different colours, patterns, and aesthetics (such as bold wallpaper or vintage furniture), eccentric décor can actually deter interested buyers and therefore make your listing less desirable. “Buyers find it easier to imagine themselves living in your home when they see a blank slate during a viewing, so when planning to sell your property, it’s often wise to go back to basics. READ MORE: Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ “Play it safe and take the time to strip eclectic wallpaper or paint over any bright accent walls.” The darker the colour (for instance, red, black, pinks, orange and purple), the more primer it will take to cover up, which will be expensive for new buyers. Keep things neutral and bright, opting for colours such as cream and light grey. These colours are more likely to match everyone’s taste, and uphold the value of a property. Most would think that people selling up should avoid kitchen renovations. However, Kelly argued against this. She claimed that if sellers have a neglected or outdated-looking kitchen, this can actually be a “major deterrent” and “put buyers off”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The expert said: “Spending money on renovations before you move may seem counter-intuitive, but this is often the best way to maximise the value of your property. “The kitchen tends to be the heart of any home, and it is something that many new homeowners won’t want the hassle of renovating when they move in. “An outdated, neglected kitchen can therefore be a major deterrent and can put buyers off during a viewing, as can an old or oddly located bathroom." Instead, Kelly explained that being able to describe these freshly refurbished rooms on a property listing “will help it stand out” from the rest and “attract even more” potential buyers.