Erik ten Hag could soon be poised to win his second trophy at Manchester United if the omens of their Carabao Cup triumph on Sunday are anything to go by. The Red Devils were hunting their first trophy since their Europa League triumph back in 2017 and duly delivered at Wembley by beating Newcastle thanks to first-half goals from Casemiro and Marcus Rashford, although they were made to work hard by the Magpies as the full-time whistle approached. Casemiro opened the scoring for United shortly after the half-hour mark with a headed effort from close range before Rashford doubled their advantage with a deflected shot that bounced over Newcastle goalkeeper Loris Karius and into the back of the net. United were hugely dominant throughout the first 45 minutes and were good value for their half-time lead but they needed to keep things tight at the back in order to see out the result as Newcastle pushed hard towards the end of the match.The result marked United's first major title in six years and demonstrated the improvements made under the guidance of Ten Hag over the last few months, with the Dutchman having been rewarded for his good work with a maiden trophy in English football. However, it seems as though another one could soon follow based on the statistics, with the Carabao Cup winners having gone on to lift at least one more trophy in seven of the last nine seasons.It remains to be seen whether United will be able to follow up their latest piece of silverware with another trophy before the campaign draws to a close, although it would be foolish to write them off given the impressive levels of progress made since Ten Hag took charge last year. They are still in with a puncher's chance of winning the Premier League title, although it seems unlikely that Manchester City and Arsenal will slip away enough to give United top spot at the end of the season. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Potter gives reaction to Spurs loss - 'Not good enough' A triumph in the Europa League appears to be the most likely scenario for the Red Devils if they are to win another trophy in the near future after dumping Barcelona out of the competition in the first knockout round earlier this week. Bruno Fernandes insisted after the Carabao Cup final on Sunday that he and his team-mates would love to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford by lifting more trophies as quickly as possible, with the Portuguese midfielder not content with just one major honour during his time at the club."It's an amazing feeling, we have been searching for this moment," Bruno Fernandes told Sky Sports after the full-time whistle at Wembley. "Us the fans and clubs and all together, finally get our trophy and I think deservedly. "It has been an amazing period, first trophy of the season but we want more, it is not enough for this club, we want more and we need more because our standards demand more. For me it was about winning trophies and finally we did it. I am satisfied but I want more, I want much more."Ten Hag echoed a similar sentiment after dancing on the pitch to celebrate the end of United's six-year trophy drought on Sunday, with the Dutchman adding: "We are still at the start of restoring Manchester United to where we belong and that is winning trophies. There was a real hunger and desire for trophies because that is what Manchester United stands for." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.