Throughout Tammy Slaton’s appearance on TLC’s 1000lb Sisters, the 36-year-old has opened up about her weight loss struggles. However, it appears as though Tammy’s hard work has paid off, as she looks completely unrecognisable in new photos.   Season four of 1000lb Sisters kicked off with Tammy being rushed to the hospital after she stopped breathing. As a result of the near-fatal health scare, she was placed on life support where her body recovered until she came back to consciousness. After gaining more weight and being in an induced coma, Tammy agreed to enter a rehab centre where she would get help with her weight loss journey. As fans await a new episode of 1000lb Sisters, the star has provided a jaw-dropping update. READ MORE: Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out'   After being on a social media hiatus for over a year, Tammy returned to Instagram with new photos of herself alongside her friend, Joshua Douglas Although the details of her weight loss have yet to appear on screens, it's clear her efforts have proved successful as she showed off her dramatic results. As she posed for the snaps, Tammy flaunted her noticeably smaller frame in the images which were posted on Joshua’s story. While she smiled at the camera, the photo was captioned: “Literally the hottest girl in the world,” and “Love you Tammy.”     During the recent episodes of 1000lb Sisters, Tammy faced some major personal challenges which could have posed as a contributing factor to any weight gain. Tammy’s sister, Amy Slaton-Halterman confirmed the death of their 20-year-old dog, Little Bit and because Tammy was at rehab, she was not able to physically attend the memorial service. Though she made an appearance through a video call, she spoke of her devastation and told cameras: “My heart stopped for her.” In episode seven, her sisters Amanda Slaton and Misty Slaton went by Tammy’s home to pick up some things, when they noticed the house was broken into and robbed. DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [REACTION]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton achieves weight loss goal [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters fans rip Amy over son Gage’s ‘filthy feet’ [REACTION]    After they took inventory of the missing items, Misty stated: “Between Little Bit passing away and Tammy gaining a few pounds and now we’re going to spring this on her.” Despite the challenges for weeks, this didn’t deter Tammy from her weight loss goals as she was able to qualify for weight loss surgery. During a recent episode, Tammy shared: "I need to get to 550 (lbs) in order for me to be approved for surgery.” As she gets out of her wheelchair and stepped on the scale, the nurse announced her new weight of "534.7 (lbs).”     Thrilled by her efforts, Amanda exclaimed: “Tammy, did you see that?” while Amanda added: “I’m just so proud of her.” Speaking to the cameras, Tammy revealed: “I'm like 14 pounds under my goal weight, from over 700. That's a huge drop! “I did that! I'm feeling thrilled. Proud. Excited. Just all the emotions.” “I proved everybody wrong. Everybody that doubted me, I finally got mines, my told-you-so moment!” 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. 