John Bishop opened his ITV show with a rant about the latest news headlines before welcoming his guests Craig David, Richard E Grant and Roisin Conaty onto the sofa. The comedian took aim at the government and the latest teacher strikes which have taken place this week. However, some fans branded the jokes in "bad taste", while others claimed to "switch off" because it was too political. He began: "The news in Scotland is exactly the same as the news in England...just a bit more snow. "And what we've got is, we've got Rishi Sunak, who's running around looking like a school prefect. "Whereas Nichola Sturgeon, to be honest, is like that geography teacher that you fancy but you just don't know why. "And in both countries, it was really interesting because the big news was the same... strikes all over the news this week. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "Wednesday was known as walkout Wednesday, which makes it sound like a slow park run. "But it was the biggest strike in a decade, half a million people decided to walk out. "And this included teachers, border guards, civil servants, university lecturers, and train drivers. "Unfortunately, the only people who went to work was the government." Following the episode, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts about John's jokes. Dan wrote: "Can’t stand John Bishop. Don’t know why. Seems like a nice enough bloke, but can’t have him on." "#Johnbishop show on ITV hard work. Why he trying to be funny," Garry Miller tweeted. (sic) While user @dutchattalbot fumed: "@JohnBishop100 used to love watching John Bishop until he changed his talk show to political s****ing off (every week). Have enough of that in the news." DON'T MISS...Happy Valley’s Catherine Cawood ‘confirms’ death with parting words  [INSIGHT[Happy Valley's Neil Ackroyd star teases 'extraordinary' final episode [VIDEO]Emmerdale's beloved couple torn apart as boss confirms split [SPOILERS] Mark Rodgers added: "John Bishop on ITV is there a worse program? Turned off . S***e." (sic) Steven wrote: "This is the first and last time I’ll set my eyes on this painful nonsense... I’d rather have a colonoscopy than watch this drivel again!!" While Chris replied: "Switched it off after a few minutes. Just waffles on about politics then tries to throw in the odd "joke"." (sic) User @Borisnose2 asked: "Whatever happened to proper British comedy on a Saturday night? This woke bulls**t such as #johnbishopshow #grahamnorton #thelastleg #bigshow is all that is wrong with this cancel culture society." They concluded: "We are BRITISH. Laughing at the close-to-the-bone humour is in our DNA!" (Sic). Despite the criticism, some viewers loved John's stand-up routine, with Lisa Wittner tweeting: "The best 45 minutes of the week for me with my favourite comedian as host and his fantastic guests will be watching with my mum plus a bottle of non-alcoholic wine." (sic) While Clive Wright wrote: "#JohnBishop is b****y brilliant. Says it how it is.." The John Bishop Show airs on Saturday at 9.30pm on ITV.