Back in January, some Manchester United fans called on Paul Pogba to return after Juventus were docked 15 Serie A points following an investigation into past transfer dealings. However, the midfielder has reportedly pledged his loyalty to the Old Lady despite their difficult situation. And that means there’s little to no chance of the 29-year-old jumping ship at the current moment in time. Pogba never lived up to expectations at United after rejoining the Red Devils from Juventus back in the summer transfer window of 2016. And his time back in Serie A has been a disaster so far, with the 29-year-old regularly hampered by injuries. Pogba is yet to play a competitive match for Juventus since his return, leading to talk of him potentially leaving the club. Earlier in the week, reports suggested the Old Lady had grown ‘fed up’ of the France international and his failure to stay fit. But Tuttosport via Football Italia claim Pogba has no intention of leaving Juventus at the current moment in time. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford And that stance means United fans who had been hoping to see the midfielder come back for a third stint are set for disappointment. Obviously, the Red Devils themselves have never had any inclination to bring Pogba to Old Trafford again. Erik ten Hag is planning for the future, rather than looking back to the past as he seeks to win everything possible at the club. With Pogba determined to stay at Juventus, he’ll be hoping to finally make his mark when he returns to action. The midfielder had recently returned to training with the Serie A giants, who now look unlikely to qualify for next season’s Champions League. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit However, he recently suffered a setback - much to the frustration of manager Massimiliano Allegri. “Sorry because we thought we had Paul at our disposal and instead it is not so,” he said. “Unfortunately, these are things that happen when a player has been idle for six months, almost nine. “It takes a little patience, he is working well to try to get back as soon as possible, but this momentarily is not possible.” When Pogba eventually returns remains to be seen, with some believing he could be sidelined until the end of the season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And whether Juventus can build momentum without their No 10 playing regularly remains to be seen. Former United captain Roy Keane, meanwhile, recently hailed Ten Hag for getting rid of ‘energy sappers’ like Pogba and Lingard. “When the manager came in, United were rock bottom and we had to talk about the recruitment, but what I think was key as well was the five or six players that left,” he told Sky Sports. “I’m not knocking all these players, Pogba, Mata, Matic, Jesse Lingard, lads who’d been around and knew they were leaving. “They knew they’d be leaving and their contracts were up for most of them and I think that wasn’t helping. “There definitely feels around the club a new energy, the new manager has put a few markers down after a bad to start to the season, and that momentum and that feel good factor is back at the club. The energy levels are different. “I think that’s helped (Ronaldo’s departure) the manager and the club. “No one wanted that to be hanging over the second half of the season and it should have been dealt with in the summer. That whole Ronaldo situation, he obviously wasn’t going to sit on the bench and be happy with it. “They’ve now dealt with it and now it’s not hanging over the club anymore. But also the other five or six lads that left, Cavani another one. “Those who were fringe players, coming off the bench, and when they were coming on they weren’t bringing anything because they felt they should have been starting. “Those subs and fringe players have to come on and be ready, where as the fringe players last year, you just felt they were energy-sappers.”