Manchester United fans face a frustrating takeover delay with the Glazers reportedly holding out for a higher fee to surrender the club. While the controversial owners initially wanted to conclude the process by the end of March, new claims indicate that a final decision on the future of the Red Devils is more likely to arrive by the end of the season. The Glazers announced late last year that they were exploring strategic alternatives after 18 years of ownership, although they never confirmed that a full sale would be on the cards. Fans have protested their stewardship in recent years and chants were audible at the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. Avram Glazer made a rare appearance in the crowd to witness United win their first major silverware since 2017. The American billionaire, along with co-chairman Joel Glazer, supposedly harbours reservations about selling the club completely. According to The Guardian, the family are still taking the bids submitted earlier this month under 'serious consideration', although finishing the process by the end of March is now a long-shot. DON'T MISS: Man City boss Guardiola takes aim at Man Utd after Carabao Cup win Instead, the 'most likely' outcome is a sale by the end of the season, which may depend on bidders upping their initial offers. Prominent Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani and British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe have each gone public with their proposals. Neither bid was thought to be in excess of £4.5billion, with the Glazers supposedly frustrated that their £6bn valuation was not met. They could yet launch a counter-offer to try and move proceedings along. READ MORE...Potter faces Chelsea ultimatum as players 'angry' after Tottenham lossWeghorst spots 'something special' at Man Utd after Carabao Cup winMan Utd outcast Phil Jones makes feelings clear on quitting Sky Sports claim that the Glazers feel as though bidders are overlooking United's stature and pull in emerging markets, with a 'significant' increase needed to tempt them into a full sale despite the club's net debt of over £600million. United fans have recently grown fearful that their unpopular owners may not leave after all, and back in October, Ratcliffe claimed that they 'did not want to sell'. Manager Erik ten Hag was asked about Avram Glazer's presence at Wembley on Sunday, to which he responded: "He was really happy for the club, as our owner. "He wanted to be part of it. He was in the dressing room, it was good he was here. It showed his intentions. "I don't know [what those intentions are]. I'm not involved in that process but the way he is here, you feel he is committed. What he wants, that is not for me [to say]. I have to lead this team. Others in the club are involved in decisions about ownership."