Chelsea will not be punished by UEFA for handing a huge eight-and-a-half-year contract to £107million signing Enzo Fernandez. The lengthy deals handed to the Blues’ new arrivals has caused plenty of concern around the football world, but the Premier League side will not face a penalty. Fernandez has been signed from Benfica for a British-record fee, smashing the £89m paid by Manchester United for Paul Pogba in 2016. Chelsea have now spent an eye-watering £550m on new players since Todd Boehly’s consortium purchased the west London club last May. Their new midfielder has been handed a whopping contract that will take the 22-year-old beyond his 30th birthday. It follows a pattern of long deals being signed by Chelsea’s fresh recruits. Such was the concern that Chelsea were circumventing Financial Fair Play regulations, UEFA have pledged to limit new contracts to five years. Chelsea will not be punished for Fernandez’s deal because the new rules will come into place in the summer. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea 'unveil' Enzo Fernandez, Man Utd late deal Co-owner Boehly has found inventive loopholes in UEFA’s regulations on spending. Chelsea will pay £107m to Benfica for Fernandez, but the cost is amortised over the length of his near-decade-long contract. Amortisation allows clubs to spread the cost of a transfer over the length of a contract. It means Fernandez will effectively cost around £13m per year. Chelsea will also use the accounting tool to fund fellow January arrival Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Ukrainian signed a similar deal to Fernandez, the record length given to a player in Premier League history. The Blues will pay Shakhtar Donetsk £88m for Mudryk but his contract means they will effectively lose just over £10m for every year of his stay. Fernandez and Mudryk were just two of eight winter arrivals, joining Noni Madueke, Benoit Badiashile, Joao Felix and a host of young talent. DON'T MISS...Chelsea transfer window review - Record Fernandez deal and £300m spentChelsea agree Fernandez deal with clubs 'running to sign documents'Six January transfers you didn't realise happened But Chelsea’s huge recruitment drive goes against what head coach Graham Potter said earlier in the month. Potter urged the Stamford Bridge hierarchy to put together a ‘balanced’ squad, and not to give him too many players. “You need a squad that’s balanced. You need a squad that’s got the right amount of competition,” the 48-year-old said. “I think we’ve got to be not necessarily careful, but I think you’ve just got to understand that we’ve got about 10 players unavailable. Obviously you can’t just sign players to replace those because in the end, you have a squad of 30. You have to do the right thing and the window is complicated in January.”