A report posted in the PAC's year-end filing to the Federal Election Commission earlier this week found Save America paid Hervé Pierre Braillard multiple times in 2022 for "strategy consulting". In total there were eight installments of $18,000 and $6,000 amounting to the final sum. Melania wore the French-born designer's looks often during Trump's presidency. This a large white hat she wore during a visit to Frace and her dress for the 2017 Inaugural Ball. Looks Melania has worn from the designer also include a creme jumpsuit she wore for her visit to India. She wore his "tux jumpsuit" for the 2019 National Medal of Arts at the White House and a midnight blue silk faille "trench dress" from the designer. Melania has not been seen often in public since her husband's presidency came to an end, and so she has not been spotted in Hervé Bierre Braillard's looks for a number of years. Hervé Pierre Braillard also received payments amounting to $60,000 in August of last year from the Save America PAC, which was set up by Trump on November 9, 2020, after which he lost the election to Joe Biden. A PAC is a "political committee that is directly or indirectly established, financed, maintained or controlled by a candidate or an individual holding a federal office", the Federal Election Commission explains. Since it was founded the PAC has been taking donations. In August last year, a spokesman for Hervé told Women's Ware Daily: "Mr. Pierre is a world-renowned artist. His work extends to many different fields, not just fashion design. His expertise is utilized for special projects and events." "As with every other first lady, there is an after-the-White House life, which involves many other aspects than fashion. I am lucky to have worked in prestigious houses, to have designed [costumes] for ballets, and more recently to work in home decor. There are many upcoming projects in this after-the-White House [stage]." READ MORE: Melania's three dazzling diamond rings from Donald have increased in value by £2M Hervé Pierre Braillard, who lives in New York, has worked at the fashion houses of Balmain, Oscar De la Renta, Vera Wang, Bill Blass, and Carolina Herrera where he worked as creative director until February 2016. He has styled Melania Trump for many years, designing the white dress she wore for Trump's inaugural ball. The dress has since been exhibited at the National Museum of American History, where Melania and Hervé attended together to mark the occasion. Of the dress in question, Hervé has said: "It's an honour to dress the First Lady. I was actually lucky because, over my 20 years in the US, I dressed all the first ladies: Mrs. Clinton at Oscar [de la Renta], Mrs. Bush and Mrs. Obama at Carolina Herrera. So I feel lucky and honoured to dress Melania Trump, but this time under my name. "It was fun to respect her very tailored sense of fashion and to translate it in a gown. The lines are sharp, the design has no fuss and reflects Mrs. Trump's vision of fashion and the way she feels in a gown. She knows what she likes. Our conversations were, and are, very easy. She knows about fashion, as a former model. She is aware about constructions, so we have already the same vocabulary when it comes to designing a dress." DON'T MISSMelania leaves Donald Trump to campaign without family [ELECTION]Melania 'very upset' as White House guests spot her 'in a robe' [WHITE HOUSE] Donald Trump's last ditch appeal to voters as he claims election fraud [CAMPAIGN] Hervé is vocal about his work with Melania and often posts throwback photographs of the former first lady in his looks on his Instagram account. This recently includes an image of Melania wearing a hat he designed for her State Visit to France alongside Trump in April 2018. Senior Advisor in strategic communications and public affairs and former fashion editor Kate Bennett commented: "Since these PAC releases, the Hervé Pierre part has always struck me as odd. "Hervé is a designer/stylist who worked with Melania Trump on some of her more high-profile outfits, but he is not a 'spotlight' person nor a strategist. $152K is a lot of money for him."