Tommy Fury has vowed to leave Jake Paul in an ambulance after their upcoming clash. The pair will finally meet each other on February 26 after much deliberation. Both men have been matched up against each other two occasions to no avail. The first, back in December 2021, fell through after Fury was forced to pull out with a broken rib. Then, eight months later, the fight was cancelled once again with TNT this time being denied entry to the United States – where the fight was set to take place. Paul had come out and claimed he would never entertain another attempt at making the long-awaited grudge match and branded Fury a ‘coward’. However, he has since backtracked on that promise and is set to box his fierce rival over in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Now, Fury intends to show The Problem Child that he has made the wrong decision in fighting him and is looking to do serious damage. "My message to Jake Paul is good luck and I hope you've trained, and I hope you got an ambulance on speed dial because you're gonna need it,” Fury told TMZ. "In three weeks, I get my chance. I wanna take it with both hands, I wanna school this man. I'm gonna take him to the trenches and he will be drowned. There's no way he can last eight rounds in the ring with me. Jake Paul is not even considered a legitimate fighter and to have my name dragged through the mud with his, I want to prove a point." MORE BOXING NEWS... Jones sets aside Eubank coaching duties to fight ex-UFC champ Pettis Joshua under more 'pressure' in next fight as past comment dug up Fury 'loses to 20-year-old' in bid to buy Morecambe football club "I see me putting him away early, the way I'm punching in the gym,” he added. “What I'm doing to people in the gym. There's no way. When the shots land, he will be going down. He will not get up. Fury and Paul are set to meet each other in an eight-round 185lb catchweight contest. Both walk around at roughly 190lb and have competed between light-heavyweight (175lb) and cruiserweight (200lb). This will be Fury’s first eight-rounder having previously only competed in four and six-round bouts as a pro. Paul, on the other hand, has experience with the duration with four eight-round contests to his name (Ben Askren, Tyron Woodley twice and Anderson Silva). This will also be Fury’s first main event and Paul is expecting the occasion to get to the ex-Love Island star. “This is his first main event. This is his first eight-round fight,” he said. “This is his first time going in against someone who is undefeated. So, there is a lot of things that he has to face for the first time and I think the nerves are definitely going to get to him. I don’t think he has been tested in a fight and I’m going to test him.”