Limescale in the toilet is unavoidable, and over time it will build up to form a thick layer. With countless bleach products and toilet cleaners available, all promising to remove limescale in a flash, what’s the most effective product to use? Express.co.uk spoke to the cleaning experts at Domestos about the best way to remove toilet limescale, and whether natural alternatives work as well as powerful chemicals. They explained why limescale builds up below the water line in a toilet: “Limescale is a hard, chalky deposit that is the result of calcium, magnesium, and other minerals in hard water. “With water constantly in contact with the bottom of the toilet, you get a greater build-up of limescale. The longer the limescale builds up the harder it is to remove.” To know whether you’ve got limescale in your toilet, there are a few signs to look out for: “Limescale build-up is most evident as a coloured stain in your toilet bowl. “Limescale is white but it can build up increasing the surface area and roughness of the toilet, creating an ideal place for germs and soil to attach to. And as a biofilm develops it can take on various hues (green/brown) due to the pigments and slimes produced by the bacteria and soil that attaches to it.” READ MORE: Stop tulips drooping by using a pin or a penny When it comes to removing limescale, it “depends on the hardness of the water, the frequency at which the toilet bowl is cleaned, and the products used to clean the toilet”. “Not all cleaners are created equal in the fight against limescale. In a hard water area, limescale starts to build up immediately.” When it comes to removing limescale there are several things to consider: “Scrubbing alone is rarely enough to get rid of limescale, especially if it’s been there for a while. However, there are a couple of ways you can get to work to remove limescale from your toilet bowl. “Domestos has a range of products that can help remove limescale from toilets but we recommend Domestos Zero Limescale Toilet Gel. This specially developed formula is up to three times thicker than other toilet cleaners and descalers an internal laboratory test in 2020 revealed." Other brands have similar products that can produce like results. DON'T MISS...Keep potatoes edible for ‘months’ with new storage advice [GUIDE]Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show [COMMENT]Chef’s ‘easy’ technique to make the ‘most perfect poached egg’ [VIDEO] To use, “open the bottle and squirt the gel evenly around the rim of your toilet, leave it for 30 minutes (following the directions on the bottle) and then flush away or scrub with a toilet brush if the limescale is particularly difficult to shift. Repeat if necessary”. Not only will the limescale be removed, but it will also “kill germs, and leave your toilet smelling fresh and clean”. Having removed the limescale, it's best to turn your attention to prevent it from returning, so consider using bleach regularly. READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ method to remove limescale from kettles In recent years, the use of natural cleaning products has surged, with many households preferring to use less-toxic solutions. But are they as effective? The Domestos experts discussed using white vinegar to remove toilet limescale. They said: “White vinegar can be a great tool to help you get rid of some stains, including limescale, though you’ll also need some serious elbow grease to make the most of it.” Alongside removing limescale from inside a toilet, there are a few common areas around the toilet that should be cleaned frequently too. Domestos experts said: “Toilet cleaning can be a daily exercise to ensure a hygienic sparkling toilet with a pleasant fragrance. “Bleach can be used to clean, for a lasting germ kill and to help prevent limescale. “Rimblocks can be used to help prevent limescale build-up for fragrance between flushes and for more intense cleaning a tougher product such as Zero Limescale can be used less frequently or as needed.”