Since DI Neville Parker (Ralf Little) joined the Saint Marie police force back in 2020, viewers of the BBC crime drama have watched him be unlucky in love. However, with the latest season of Death in Paradise kicking off at the start of the year, it looks as though change is on the horizon following newcomer Sophie (Chelsea Edge).  At the end of series 11, the DI was left heartbroken when Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert) turned down his proposal before leaving the island. Although his love life seems to be on the up after bumping into Sophie during the Christmas special. Viewers saw the duo first meet after Neville nearly ran her down in the police jeep which resulted in their luggage getting mixed up. Having to meet again, sparks started to fly as the pair ended up spending Christmas Day together as they bonded over the food. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital Despite fans being thrilled for Neville and the new woman in his life, creator Tim Key teased the relationship may not be smooth sailing. When asked what people can expect for the rest of the series regarding the duo, he told Radio Times: “It's going to be interesting. “Everything in this series is going in directions that people won't expect. I think that's a fair thing to say." Despite Ralf playing the longest-serving detective on the show, there’s been speculation that series 12 will be his last.  Fans have suggested Sophie will be the reason for his exit as the newcomer highlighted she’s not staying in Saint Marie for long. With her return to Manchester on the horizon, it’s possible the detective will be tempted to follow her and continue their romance. It wouldn’t be the first time this has happened on the show either as fans saw the same thing happen with the previous detective DI Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall). The awkward yet loveable character went back to the UK to be with his love Martha Lloyd (played by Sally Bretton), who will both be getting their own spin-off show. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street danger for Sean as Laurence’s past is ‘exposed’ [SOAP] The Catch star details ‘impossible’ scenes with Jason Watkins [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [VIDEO]    Titled Beyond Paradise, the BBC spin-off will follow the couple in a new adventure together in the fictional town of Shipton Abbott. With Humphrey joining the local police team, Martha decides to follow her dream of opening up her own restaurant. Although the series is yet to have a release date, viewers can expect to see the former DI help solve a variety of odd cases. Every week in the show, Humphrey and the team will investigate different crimes in the Devonshire town with new characters being introduced to the Paradise world.    A synopsis for the series reads: “The not-so-sleepy town of Shipton Abbott will be rocked by an entire family disappearing without a trace, a woman claiming she was attacked by a suspect from the seventeenth century, the robbery of a highly prized painting, a body bizarrely discovered in a crop circle, and a serial arsonist with a seeming distaste for local businesses. "As Humphrey gets stuck into his new job, he and Martha must also navigate life’s ups and downs as faces from the past, the decisions they make and challenges of setting up life in a new town put their relationship to the ultimate test yet." So far in Death in Paradise, Neville has only had eyes for Florence as he declared his love for her back in series 10, with her unfortunately not feeling the same. Although there was some initial awkwardness working together, their friendship was intact until her departure during series 11 with the DI deciding to sign himself up on a dating site. However, with Sophie now on his radar, it looks as though the apps may have taken a back seat. Death in Paradise continues on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.  