Claims Ron DeSantis’ policies on education were similar to Jim Crow have been derided by Conservatives. Dan Rather, a former CBS host, commented on the Florida Governor’s department of education advising the College Board to remove “woke” content from a future Advanced Placement African American studies course. Posting on Twitter, the former news anchor lashed out at DeSantis’ stance, bizarrely comparing it to the Jim Crow era of the south. “The DeSantis playbook on race and education is just an updated edition of what I saw in the South in the 1960s,” Rather claimed. Jim Crow laws were state and local laws enforcing racial segregation. But conservatives lambasted Rather’s comments, with Aaron Sorells, former GOP candidate for Texas Lt. Governor, firing back. He said: "Are the Democrats running out of Old White People to scream Racism?" Local Chicago radio AM 1539 WCKG chairman Matt Dubiel accused Rather of now being "a full blown caricature”. Seattle radio host Jason Rantz also described Rank as "shameful" after the controversial tweet. Rather’s reputation among conservatives has suffered since he ran a ’60 Minutes’ special on CBS in 2004. The broadcast cited letters disparaging George W Bush’s behaviour while he served in the National Guard in the 1970s, that were allegedly written by his commanding officer at the time. However, the authenticity of the letters was never verified, and several typewriter and typography experts soon claiming they were forgeries. CBS retracted the story 12 days later, with Rather stating: "If I knew then what I know now, I would not have gone ahead with the story as it was aired, and I certainly would not have used the documents in question." Rather left the anchor desk in 2005 and apologised for the scandal, and was later abruptly fired from CBS in 2006. READ MORE: GOP says axe Covid funds to fix debt ceiling After the College Board proposed the original AP course, which contained mandatory lessons on intersectionality and abolishing prisons, DeSantis claimed it was "pushing an agenda” and rejected it in his state. With the new proposed course, unveiled Wednesday and now without some political elements, the non-profit said no state nor district had seen the new framework and denied that any feedback from state officials was taken into consideration. Nonetheless, DeSantis was tipped as having scored a win over the Board, with California Governor Gavin Newsom lashing out at its CEO David Coleman after the revised course was detailed. He said on Wednesday: “I call bulls*** — you are merely a puppet of Ron DeSantis.” DON'T MISSTexas truck slides down frozen Fort Worth roadMeghan and Harry 'selling their family members out to make a buck'Teen arrested in connection with rape of student, 19, 'hated it' Rep. Byron Donalds, R-Florida, also celebrated the course’s change and thanked DeSantis. "The College Board removed its woke curriculum from its AP African-American Studies course following Governor Ron DeSantis' objections to the blatant indoctrination in the course syllabus,” he said. However David Blight, a professor of American history at Yale University, withdrew an endorsement for the course after learning sections had been cut. “I withdrew it because I want to know when and how they made these decisions to excise these people, because that’s also an attack on their academic freedom,” he told the New York Times. Advanced Placement courses are optional for students, and differ from other high school programs in that it is explicitly designed to expose them to college-level concepts. Ron DeSantis' office has been approached for comment.