There can be many reasons why it’s difficult to sleep at night. From illnesses and injuries to stress and anxiety, many of us will experience insomnia at some point. Diet could also be one contributing factor, an expert has warned. Michelle Geraghty-Corns, founder of eternalbeing, said that diet could be the “missing puzzle piece” to help you sleep. She shared four foods and drinks that can help aid a good night’s sleep “While a lot of people will have a banana at breakfast, they are in fact beneficial to enjoy before going to bed,” Michelle explains. “Bananas are one of the best foods for sleep since they contain high levels of magnesium which aids in relaxing the muscles and calming the body.  “Combining sliced bananas with natural nut butter is a great way to regulate blood pressure, relax muscles and nerves, and improve sleep quality.” Research shows that fatty fish can aid in providing a better night's sleep. One study, published in the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine in 2014, found that people who ate salmon three times a week over a period of months experienced better sleep and daytime functioning. Michelle said: “Fatty fish provides vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids which aid in regulating serotonin in the body.   “Particularly in the winter, when vitamin D levels tend to be lower, it is important to consume fish in order to support your sleeping pattern.” Nuts like walnuts, almonds, and pistachios contain essential minerals such as magnesium and zinc which are essential for a number of bodily functions, Michelle said. “While people generally snack on nuts throughout the day, it is worth considering saving this for the latter part of the day to aid your sleep,” she added. “Past research has shown that magnesium can reduce inflammation and cortisol levels, improving the quality of sleep for those with insomnia.” READ MORE: Vertigo one sign that can appear up to a week before a 'major stroke' - other symptoms  Michelle said: “Although surprising, tart cherry juice is an excellent drink to try before bed if you struggle to fall asleep or stay asleep during the night. “The juice contains nutrients including magnesium, phosphorus, and potassium, as well as high amounts of melatonin. It is known to promote sleepiness, with melatonin aiding to regulate the circadian rhythm.” She also advised against skipping breakfast to help maintain consistent blood sugar levels throughout the day. “What you choose to eat for breakfast will dictate your blood sugar response for the rest of the day, having a knock-on effect on your sleep patterns,” Michelle said.  “Try to eat a breakfast containing good fats, fibre and protein. “While not everyone has time to cook a savoury breakfast, it is important to try and avoid all sugar breakfasts and artificial sweeteners.” Although common breakfast items in the UK, cereals, bread and dried fruits are in fact sugary and refined carbohydrates. Michelle recommended avoiding these for a better sleep. 