Toto Wolff has admitted Red Bull’s budget cap penalty could play into Mercedes' hands as the Silver Arrows mount a comeback. The Austrian accepted the sanction would be “good” for the German manufacturer as Red Bull may struggle. The reigning champions were slapped with a 10 per cent reduction in wind tunnel testing and CFD development after they were found guilty of breaching F1’s 2021 cost cap rules. Wolff said: "I think that the lack of wind tunnel time is certainly not great for them, [and it could be] an advantage for us this season. only need closed quote at end of speech “If you have an efficient machine, you can certainly compensate for that, or large parts of it. So, long-term, [it's] good for us. But we've been in that situation – obviously without the penalty – in the years before [when] we won, and therefore we had less wind tunnel time than everybody else for the last few seasons. "It's going to certainly bite them a bit. But if they are efficient as an organisation, which they've demonstrated, it's not going to be big." READ MORE: Red Bull budget cap penalty to 'hurt' Max Verstappen Red Bull boss Christian Horner described the penalty as a “draconian” measure last season. He also suggested Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez may lose around half a second per lap in 2023. The sanctions mean Red Bull will have 12 per cent fewer wind tunnel testing than Ferrari this season. The constructor will also have 17 per cent less than Mercedes after the German manufacturer struggled last season. Wolff’s remarks come just days after Red Bull’s ex-engineer Dan Fallows also warned of the dangers Red Bull face. He explained: “That kind of restriction with your wind tunnel hours – you even get it, obviously, as you go up the grid – that does hurt. I think that restriction will hurt them to some extent.” DON'T MISSChristian Horner fails to rule out another Red Bull budget cap breach [INSIGHT]F1 boss hints at rule change for 2023 after Red Bull budget cap fiasco [ANALYSIS]Verstappen bullish as Red Bull star refuses to follow Horner narrative [COMMENT] Last month, Red Bull chief Helmut Marko stressed the team would need to change tactics for 2023 to deal with the effects of the punishment. However, he believes the team can still challenge due to the lack of rules updates between the two seasons. He commented: “We are of course sitting with this reduction of hours in the wind tunnel. That means we have to work very efficiently as a team. All the things we try out have to hit the mark immediately. But fortunately the technical changes for next year are not that big. It means we have a good basic package.”