Season three of Netflix’s critically acclaimed period-drama Bridgerton is officially in the making, after fans gushed over Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) and Anthony Bridgerton's (Jonathan Bailey) story. Producers have now given viewers a new couple to rave about, Penelope (Nicole Coughlan) and Colin (Luke Newton). Actress Coughlan has now teased fans about when they can watch the new romance blossom after revealing the cast are “deep” into filming. Bridgerton's original cast member, Coughlan has dropped a major hint at when the third season of the popular romance drama will hit fans' screens. In a new interview, the actress revealed that she is “deep into” filming season three. The upcoming season is set to focus on her character Penelope “finding a husband” as well as how the secret of Lady Whistledown affects her personal life, including her budding romance with Colin. Speaking about the show’s previous successes, she told the Evening Standard: “It’s been one of the best experiences of my life. I’m really sad thinking of it being over but also happy I can finally sleep.” The creators of Bridgerton confirmed there would be a third season of the romance-drama back in April of 2022. The series is based on the eight Bridgerton siblings and eight books written by Julia Quinn, and fans first followed Daphne Bridgerton's (Phoebe Dynevor) search for a husband. The second series followed the eldest sibling, Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and his love story with Kate. If Netflix was going by Quinn's books, the third season should follow the second-eldest sibling, Benedict Bridgerton, (Luke Thompson).  But that isn't the case as it will instead be based around the fourth book, called Romancing Mr Bridgerton. The synopsis for season three explains how Penelope had “given up on her long-held crush” being Colin after hearing his disparaging words about her last season. She decides it’s time to find a husband, and lacking in confidence she attempts to find her true love but sadly falls short. Colin finally returns from his summer travels with a new look and a “serious sense of swagger”, but he’s disheartened to realise Penelope is giving him the cold shoulder.  Eager to win back her friendship, Colin offers to mentor Penelope in order to make her more confident. But after his lessons start working a little too well, he must decide whether his feelings for Penelope are only platonic. Complicating matters for Penelope is her rift with Eloise (Claudia Jessie), while her growing presence in the Ton makes it more difficult to keep her Lady Whistledown alter ego a secret. With the high chance that production of season three has almost finished, fans can expect to see the popular show back on Netflix soon. Netflix has also announced the six-episode-long prequel spin-off series based on young Queen Charlotte's rise to prominence and power, which will premiere May 4 2023. The streaming giant is likely in no rush to release the third season of Bridgerton as they know it benefits them to space out some of their hits, and there is also a proven history of this show faring rather well during Christmas. Bridgerton season one and two are currently streaming on Netflix in the UK.