When selling a property, the first thing homeowners do is give each room a thorough clean and tidy to make it presentable for buyers. In some cases, sellers might have to do some cosmetic work such as giving walls a quick lick of paint or removing weeds from the driveway. While these are important tasks, there are other “overlooked” features that could devalue a property, making it either tougher to sell or will ensure it sells below the initial asking price. Sarah Hastings from home improvement and roof window specialists RW4Y has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the “overlooked” features that could be “devaluing” your home. Since October 2022, energy bills have risen by 27 percent for the average household even with financial assistance in place. So it’s no surprise in the current energy crisis, that a home’s efficiency has become an especially important feature in a home. However, Sarah warned sellers this is often an “overlooked” feature when it comes to the value of a property. READ MORE: ‘Outdated’ kitchen features to 'avoid' or risk devaluing your home She explained: “Energy efficiency is often overlooked when considering the value of your property, as it’s easy to get distracted by the more obvious cosmetic features. “But having a low EPC rating or being energy inefficient can devalue your property, especially in the current climate. “Not only do prospective buyers want to be as sustainable as possible, but they also want to reduce their energy bills as much as possible.” Energy Performance Certificates (EPCs) contain information about a property’s energy use and typical energy costs and recommendations about how to reduce energy use and save money. DON'T MISS‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ [INSIGHT]Houseplant expert shares how to ‘encourage’ orchids to ‘repeat bloom’ [UPDATE]Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ [ANALYSIS] An EPC gives a property an energy efficiency rating from A (most efficient) to G (least efficient) and is valid for 10 years. In England and Wales, the median energy efficiency rating for homes is band D. In order to improve your home’s energy efficiency, you should ensure all the windows in your property are double or triple-glazed. Homes in England and Wales were most commonly built between 1930 and 1982 (46 percent in England and 39 percent in Wales). READ MORE: Gardening mistakes that can be ‘off-putting’ to potential buyers Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you have an older home, it’s definitely worth installing double or triple glazing (if you haven’t already) to improve your home’s energy efficiency. Many older homes still have their original windows without any kind of added glazing or updating. Sarah also said if you have a loft conversion, it’s “more important” to ensure the windows are double or triple-glazed, as most of the heat that escapes from a house tends to happen through the roof. She continued: “You should next check that your property is adequately insulated. “Installing more insulation can really up both the value of your house, and the comfort of living in it prior to sale. “While you can add insulation yourself, it’s often best to let someone professional handle it for a better result. “Lastly, you can improve the energy efficiency of your property by overhauling the boiler, central heating, and radiators, as well as making sure they are regularly checked and maintained. “Prospective buyers want to be able to easily move into a house without completing too much extra work, and having well-maintained energy structures will be a big plus for viewers.”