Chelsea owner Todd Bohely may still be considering sacking Graham Potter in the near future with the club’s managerial status a major consideration in his search for a new No 9. The former Brighton boss is under intense pressure after a dire run of form that has seen the Blues claim just three wins in their last 17 matches including losing their last three. Potter has struggled during his five-month spell as Chelsea manager with fans increasingly calling for his head. The Blues have been particularly poor in front of goal, scoring just six times in the last 15 matches despite bringing in attacking talents like Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke and Joao Felix. One of the club’s biggest issues has been upfront with Kai Havertz underperforming and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang out of favour. Finding a new No 9 is likely to be the main priority during the summer transfer window as Boehly seeks to find a solution to the problem position. However, football transfer guru Fabrizio Romano has implied that the striker search could be impacted by the managerial situation at the club with Potter’s future uncertain. Chelsea officials have been keen to publicly back the 47-year-old as they keep faith in their long-term project. However, their transfer plans suggest they may yet make a change if results do not improve. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Potter told to get rid of eight players in brutal verdict “Chelsea will be busy on many positions this summer and many players still want to join this summer as they expect Chelsea to be big in the future,” Romano told the House of Champions podcast. “Chelsea are going to take some time to see the price tag of strikers, who the manager is and who the right fit is for the project before deciding on that number 9 player.“ Meanwhile, Potter has pointed to the success Arsenal and Liverpool have enjoyed under Mikel Arteta and Jurgen Klopp as a reason to keep him at the club as he fights for his future at Stamford Bridge. “There is always that question, absolutely, and you can’t stop the questions,” he said when asked about his future following his side’s 2-0 defeat to Tottenham on Sunday. “While results are what they are, I accept it. It’s part of the job. We were talking before the game about watching the Arsenal All or Nothing and two years into Mikel [Arteta's] reign he is close to getting the sack and people want him out. It was seen as a disaster but things have now changed a bit. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumesArsenal could sign three PSG stars with owners 'looking to slash £645m wage bill'Benni McCarthy played role in Sir Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub "If you look at Jurgen [Klopp’s] situation, they haven’t got the results and all of a sudden people want him out. That is the nature of football. I haven’t done enough at this club to have too much good faith; I also accept that. "My job isn’t to worry about that too much. I understand the question and where it comes from, but I have to try to focus on keeping on helping the team and supporting the players. I really like these players, they’re good lads. They want to do better and want to win. But at the moment we’re suffering and that is my responsibility."