The nurses and midwives of Nonnatus House are currently in the late 60s where technological advancements are coming along. The team have learnt of a new birthing technique with a ventouse and the men have learnt about vasectomies as a form of contraception. However, fears of Call the Midwife coming to an end worry the stars of the BBC drama as much as fans with Jenny Agutter admitting it must come to a conclusion at some point. Cliff Parisi, who plays Fred Buckle, told Express.co.uk: "It will never end, it will never end, we will carry on doing it. Even if everyone else stops making it. "No I don't know, we are all very lucky actors and we all know we are in a fabulous show and we all really love making it. "It will go on as long as Heidi and the BBC want to carry on making it and if one day they decide it's over, it's over. "And we will all go off and do something else I am sure but at the moment we are all devoted." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will Jenny Agutter, who plays Sister Julienne, added: "We are bound by the years though, because of this thing of it being grounded in research and the time. "The 60s were a very particular time of change and it is wonderful looking at that, it will be interesting to see how, if it went into the 70s what would happen. "Because it would have to be completely different, so I mean, I have always felt we have taken it year by year." Judy Parfitt, who plays the lovable Sister Monica Joan, continued: "It is such a happy company, there is not one bad seed in any of it and we have become a family. "We have had divorce, babies, marriages, illnesses, we have had everything and we are all amazingly supportive of each other because we actually do love each other. "When you work with somebody for that long, it is like a family, it is extraordinary," to which Jenny agreed: "It is a lot of respect I think." When quizzed on why the series would have to change going into the era of the 70s, Jenny praised Heidi Thomas' writing and imagination. She said "You see I'm not Heidi and I don't have that kind of imagination, and I am always surprised by her scripts. DON'T MISS...EastEnders' Lola Pearce makes devastating discovery about childhood [WATCH]My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss [INSIGHT]Coronation Street viewers ‘work out’ Stephen Reid’s next victim [LATEST] "I am always waiting to see what she is going to come up with and I am always surprised and I just know if you look at it historically, my view of the 60s and 70s would be different. "But they are different decades and they brought with them different problems and how Nonnatus House would work within that, how the clinic would work within that. "I just don't have Heidi's imagination to see where she would take that, I'm sure she would do something extraordinary but I just feel it would be very different." Viewers of the show recently became concerned with the future of the show, after Nonnatus House was put under threat.  During the latest episode, the chairman of the Board of Health, Mr Threapwood paid a visit to Sister Julienne and was stunned to see the lack of resources the nurses were dealing with. After summoning her for a private meeting, he told her: "At a time to be decided by the Board of Health, Nonnatus House will lose its agency status and its autonomy. "Every member of your staff including you will be in the direct employment of the health service, who can close you down as and when it deems appropriate." Will Sister Julienne give up her fight for Nonnatus House and let it be taken over by a government company? Call the Midwife airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.