A skincare expert has explained the five essential skincare ingredients to look out for if you want to look younger. These ingredients "reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles". Dr. Pamela Benito is an award-winning specialist aesthetic doctor. She has over 10 years of experience and is an expert in skincare, thread lifts, injectables, and skin boosters. Pamela attended New York University to study Aesthetic Dentistry and now she works for the TakTouk Clinic. She spoke exclusively with Express. We asked the skin expert, what is the best skincare for anti-aging and looking younger? She explained all and highlighted five key ingredients. Dr. Pamela said: "To target aging skin, it's important to look for skincare products that contain ingredients such as Retinoids, Vitamin C, Niacinamide, Hyaluronic Acid, and SPF." The skincare expert explains these can make the skin look healthier and fuller, as well as reverse the aging effects of sun exposure. Dr. Pamela went on: "These ingredients have benefits such as plumping the skin, stimulating collagen production, repairing photodamage, reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, and nourishing the skin." What are these ingredients, how do they improve your skin what are the best products with them in? Retinoids are chemical compounds derived from vitamin A. They encourage cell turnover and cell growth and are used to treat acne and psoriasis, but also give the skin a youthful look. Very strong retinoids need a prescription, but retinoid products can be used at home to boost the skin. It's important to always wear sunscreen when using retinoids as they make the skin more sensitive to the sun. Top-rated retinoid/retinol products on Sephora Vitamin C is effective at reversing the aging effects of the sun on the skin, reducing sunspots and other forms of hyperpigmentation. It brightens the look of the skin and can give some protection against the sun, although it's always advisable to wear sunscreen. Top-rated vitamin C products on Sephora Niacinamide helps to mimise pores and improve skin tone. Made from vitamin B3 and nicotinamide, it also softens fine lines and wrinkles. Top-rated niacinamide products on Sephora Hyaluronic acid is a powerful ingredient for boosting the moisture of the skin and healing the skin's connective tissues. It makes skin look fuller, and brighter and helps to reduce wrinkles. Top-rated hyaluronic acid products on Sephora SPF is absolutely vital to prevent aging. Sun damage is the biggest cause of aging, and delaying its effects are key to a youthful appearance. Top-rated SPF products on Sephora