Stars of the sport world were out in force on Monday evening as Moncler helped close the first London Fashion Week of 2023 in style. The 'Art of Genius' event attracted major names from tennis, football and Formula 1, as well as music, film and a healthy dose of fashion royalty. The Olympia London exhibition centre was overrun with household namesas seven-time Formula 1 world champion Lewis Hamilton made an appearance at the show. The Mercedes marvel wowed in an all-black outfit complete with oversized puffer jacket to fit the Moncler theme, taking some time out ahead of the new F1 season's launch date on March 5. Hamilton's would-be business partner, Serena Williams, also made an appearance at the 'Genius' show, decked out in a black dress, varsity-style jumper and green raincoat. The two sports icons had reportedly each pledged £10million to Sir Martin Broughton's bid to buy Chelsea last year prior to American Todd Boehly winning the auction. Retired tennis great Williams has recently teased a return to competition after revealing she's "torn" on whether to stay out of the sport. The 41-year-old mother-of-one is reportedly considering the comeback, having left the sport requiring just one more major title to tie Margaret Court's all-time record of 24 Grand Slams. READ MORE: Andy Murray back from the brink to beat Lorenzo Sonego at the Qatar ExxonMobil Open  As for those currently dominating their discipline, Manchester United's in-form forward Marcus Rashford also caught the eye at Moncler's flagship event. The Red Devils' leading scorer this season earned a respite after he netted twice during Sunday's 3-0 win over Leicester City. Rashford, 25, now has 14 goals in the Premier League this term and 24 across all competitions as United charge back into title contention. But the equal rights advocate continued to demonstrate remarkable energy reserves as he returned to the public eye in the capital a little more than 24 hours later. And he wasn't the only Premier League ace to show his interest in fashion as Chelsea loanee Joao Felix and West Ham playmaker Said Benrahma also turned up at the Olympia. World Cup-winner Marco Materazzi was also on the list of attendees alongside British boxer Anthony Yarde and Portuguese surfer Nic von Rupp. DON'T MISS Ted Kravitz shares dream Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen 2023 scenario  Inside Venus Williams' life including £79m fortune, NFL ties and newly-found religion George Russell calls for major F1 rule change days before Bahrain pre-season testing   Recognisable names from the fashion world included Naomi Campbell and Pharrell Williams, while British singer Charli XCX also made an appearance. They were joined by Justin Bieber and model wife Hailey Bieber, who looked chic in a form-fitting black mini dress. Of those sports celebrities in attendance, Rashford will hope the party doesn't interrupt recent performances as United prepare to host Barcelona in the second leg of their Europa League play-off on Thursday. Erik ten Hag's side drew 2-2 at the Camp Nou in last week's first leg as both teams attempt to salvage some future in Europe's second-tier tournament. Hamilton, 38, also can't afford too many distractions on the eve of the new F1 campaign, where Mercedes will seek to rectify the issues that led to nightmarish results in 2022. Early fears arose after the new W14 design appeared to show familiar signs of porpoising during a recent test run at Silverstone, with Hamilton hoping to strut his stuff following the worst year of his F1 career to date.