Research from holiday home company, Verdant Leisure, found the UK’s best destinations for solo travellers. They looked at the crime rate, happiness and friendliness of people across the UK to find the best staycation spots. READ MORE: Cruise guest frets over holiday’s formal dress code Ryedale in North Yorkshire was named the best destination in the UK for solo British tourists looking to explore. Based between York and Yorkshire’s Heritage Coast, Ryedale has some of England’s most diverse scenery. Tourists could take a ramble in the Howardian Hills, a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. After a walk, tourists can experience Ryedale’s famous hospitality with a visit to one of its shops or restaurants. Stacey Hope, travel expert at Verdant Leisure, also shared her top solo travel tips for tourists. She said: “Always keep your family and friends informed of your whereabouts while you are travelling and leave them with your travel details and itinerary should you lose yours. “Using apps such as find my friends will ensure they can easily locate you in the event of an emergency, or if you are just too busy to get to the phone.” Tourists can also download what3words which will be able to find their exact location in the event of an emergency. READ MORE: Tourists should ‘make themselves known’ at hotel  Stacey added: “Do your research. The more knowledgeable you are of the area you are travelling, the more you can relax upon arrival. “Keep hold of information about local transport such as buses, taxis and trains, as well as your nearest hospital and tourist information centre. “Try to plan and book activities in advance so that you can get the most out of the time you have.” Researching is always important and could help tourists find accommodation that’s better suited to solo travellers. She added: “Speak to locals. Sparking up a conversation with strangers can be intimidating especially when you are by yourself. “However, you will find nobody with better knowledge of the best places to eat, drink and explore. “Finding hidden gems of restaurants and learning local history is one of the most rewarding parts of travelling alone, and chatting to strangers is the best way to do it.” Where better to start than in Ryedale, one of the UK’s friendliest and happiest places?