Platinum-selling legend Sir Rod Stewart is gracing a number of stages around the UK this year in his summer series of shows throughout June and July. The British icon is bringing his Global Hits Tour. Tickets for the iconic artist's tour come out this week, and you have a chance to grab presale tickets in the next 24 hours. Presale tickets for Rod Stewart's UK summer tour go on sale tomorrow, Tuesday, February 14 at 10am. This is an artist presale which means fans will have to sign up on Rod Stewart's official website or newsletter. After that, you can grab tickets for the tour online here. There is also another presale beginning later on this week on Thursday, February 16, 2023, at 10am. This is the official Ticketmaster presale event which will be held by the ticket retailer. To gain access to this presale event fans will need to register their interest with Ticketmaster before buying tickets here. General onsale tickets for Rod Stewart's UK summer tour go on sale Friday, February 17, 2023, at 9am. Tickets for these shows will be available here, and will range in price from £50 up to £100. There are a number of different venues Sir Rod is playing throughout the summer, beginning in June and going into July. Not only is he attending Edinburgh and Hull, but also Bristol, Durham and Plymouth. Scroll down for a full list of tour dates and venues. DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart won't perform at King's coronation as wife works the event [NEWS]Joan Collins hasn't aged since 1980s throwback with Rod Stewart's ex [INFO]Rod Stewart reacts as son Liam shares unseen photos of family [INSIGHT] Rod's 2023 shows are said to be filled with "show-stopping classics" as well as a number of "fan favourites" from throughout his career. He said: "My favourite memories have been summer nights with a beer or two alongside the best fans in the world." He added: "I'm impatiently awaiting this summer playing at a variety of special venues - football, cricket and rugby stadiums, estates and castles! We'll all be dancing under the stars." With just six dates scattered through two months, tickets are expected to deplete fast, so fans ought to act swiftly if they want to get involved. Buy Rod Stewart tickets here. Sat 24th - Plymouth, Home Park Stadium Wed 28th - Northampton, cinch Stadium Fri 30th - Durham, Seat Unique Riverside Sun 2nd - Bristol, Badminton Estate, Worcester Park Tues 4th - Hull, Sewell Group Craven Thurs 6th - Edinburgh, Edinburgh Castle - BUY TICKETS HERE