WARNING: This article contains spoilers from the Outlander novels and the TV series An Echo in the Bone is the seventh book in the Outlander series and introduces the figure of Percy Beauchamp or Percy Wainwright. While viewers will have to wait and see whether the mysterious character will be appearing in the TV show, he has a prominent part in the novel. Some are curious about his surname and his link to Claire Fraser (played by Caitríona Balfe), whose maiden name is Beauchamp. Percy Beauchamp is married to French lady Cecile Beauchamp and he takes up her name as she comes from money. This means, Percy isn’t related to Claire but Cecile’s family could be linked to Claire and could be her ancestors given the shared surname. An Echo in the Bone also introduces Cecile’s other family members including her brother Claude Beauchamp and sister Amelie Beauchamp. Interestingly, Percy also divulges information to Lord John Grey (David Berry) suggesting Fergus Fraser (César Domboy) is related to the Comte St. German (Stanley Weber). READ MORE: Unforgotten season five's theme tune is sung by duo Oh Wonder The Comte was thought to have had a child with Amalie, who later died with the baby growing up in a brothel. This would mean Fergus is actually from wealth and is a long-lost aristocrat, who could one day get a fortune and titles to elevate him from his street urchin status. Given the Beauchamps have a strong connection to Fergus in Outlander, it’s highly likely readers and viewers could see some more insight into Claire’s connection to this family. Moreover, Outlander fans could also find out how the Beauchamps made it from France to England, where Claire’s parents lived. Given season eight of Outlander is going to be the final outing, it would make sense for the show to address these plot points and wrap up Fergus’ story neatly with this tale from rags to riches. Outlander could also shed further light on time travelling with the Comte known to have the ability to go through the stones like Claire. Percy and his wife Cecile’s marriage is said to be interesting in itself with the pair having an open relationship. Both of them sleep together with Percy also bedding his brother-in-law Baron Amandine as well as having a ménage à trois with Cecile and the Baron some times. However, he has also had romances with Lord John and even a gardener called Emile. Cecile is also known to enjoy the sexual attentions of her cousin Lucianne. Percy is the step-brother to Lord John with the pair later embarking on a romantic relationship, which sadly doesn’t pan out. Details about the 16-episode series of Outlander doesn’t yet have a release date but the new season will be finishing up Claire’s trial from the previous outing. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh in stitches over The Chase player's 'best answer ever' [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence [VIEWER REACTION] Once the main plot points from season six and A Breath of Snow and Ashes has been resolved, the series will then cover An Echo in the Bone, which is expected to have some big tumultuous twists and turns. Starz recently revealed iconic singer Sinéad O'Connor would be performing the Skye Boat Song for the season seven opening credits. Also, there is going to be a whole host of new cast members joining the show for season seven, including the grown-up version of Jamie's love child William Ransom (Charles Vandervaart) and Quaker siblings Denzell (Joey Phillips) and Rachel Hunter (Izzy Meikle-Small). There will also be many familiar faces coming back to the series including Nell Hudson, Lotte Verbeek, Steven Cree and Graham McTavish among others. Outlander season 7 will air later this year and seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on Lionsgate+ now