Vladimir Putin's executive office has drafted plans for the annexation of the neighbouring country Belarus. The leaked documents show plans to take full control of Russia's closest ally by 2030. The text obtained by Yahoo News revealed the details of a creeping annexation by political, military and economic means. The document which was issued in 2021 outlines plans to form a so-called Union State of Russia and Belarus, which would seek to give legal priority to "Russian interests". Commenting on the documents, Svetlana Tsikhanovskaya, the Belarusian opposition leader who lives in exile in Lithuania, said: "The ‘Union State’ is a threat for the Belarusian people and Belarusian statehood. "It is not a union of equals. It is a roadmap for the absorption of Belarus by Russia. Since our goal is to return Belarus to the path of democracy, it will be impossible to do so in a Union State with Russia." The document was drafted by the Presidential Directorate for Cross-Border Cooperation, a subdivision of Putin's administration whose task is to exert control over neighbouring countries like Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, Moldova and Ukraine. The news comes as Belarus' authoritarian president said Monday that the ex-Soviet nation will form a new territorial defence force amid the fighting in neighbouring Ukraine. President Alexander Lukashenko has cultivated close military ties with Russia, which used Belarusian territory to send troops into Ukraine nearly a year ago at the start of what the Kremlin calls its "special military operation". Russia also has maintained about 10,000 troops in Belarus and the two countries have regularly conducted joint drills as part of their military alliance. READ MORE: Woman claiming to be Madeleine McCann will take DNA test Speaking during a meeting with officials Monday, Lukashenko said the country needs to form paramilitary units in every town or village to serve as a territorial defence to complement the country's 45,000-strong military "in case of aggression." He added that every Belarusian man must learn how to handle weapons "to protect his family and home" if needed. Defence Minister Viktor Khrenin said Belarus will form a force of up to 150,000 volunteers who will be given weapons but keep their civilian jobs. DON'T MISS:German girl claims she's found 'evidence' she is Madeleine McCann [INSIGHT]Ex-Navy head Putin will think UK 'won't fight' with current spending [ANALYSIS]Kate Forbes says she would have voted against gay marriage [VIDEO] He noted that its members will form a military reserve in peacetime and could act as guerrillas in case of war. While hailing the importance of defence cooperation with Russia and expressing support for the Kremlin’s action in Ukraine, Lukashenko has emphasised that he will only send Belarusian troops into Ukraine if his country is attacked. The Kremlin has staunchly backed Lukashenko, who has ruled Belarus with an iron hand for nearly three decades, helping him weather months of massive protests triggered by his re-election in an August 2020 vote that the opposition and the West denounced as rigged.