In the past nine days a number of UFOs, including a suspected Chinese spy balloon, have been shot out of the sky over North America. On January 28 the balloon floated over Alaska, into Canadian airspace, and then back into the US. The balloon flower over military sites, according to reports, and then was finally shot down just off South Carolina on February 4. While the serious news reports attempting to get the bottom of the unexplained event go on, internet users are seeing the funny side, posting their amusing memes about the strange event. Twitter user King Arthur & Excalibur posted an image of a Sean the Sheep hot air balloon and joked: "Oh c***...this is not my fault with the #SpyBalloon #UFO #Meme as someone sent it to me and it looks like #Wales might have developed their own?" Another Aryanm posted a fake mock-up of a Chinese Spy Balloon lego kit, which "includes concerned citizen". Another, Comic Book Poser, posted a sweet illustration of Winnie the Pooh hanging from a spy balloon with binoculars, presumably looking for honey. Matt the Arcade Guy wrote: "In the #80s we trained for this!" They posted a video of balloons shooting aliens out of the sky in a Space Invaders arcade-style game. After the balloon was shot down, Twitter user Steph Stricklen wrote: "I wish you could see the sheer volume of memes blowing up my phone with the whole weather-spy-balloon ordeal." She posted an image of Nena, singer of the famous son 99 Luftballons, except this time it was 98 Luftballons. Another Twitter user, AJ-Comedy, created a meme with a photo of Sam Smith at the Brit Awards, where they wore a fashion-forward inflatable look. Another posted a meme with the famous floating house from Up!, suspended by balloons. But this time, it showed a fighter jet heading towards the flying home in the children's classic. Another meme pictures the spy balloon, this time with a sign on it that reads: "How am I spying? For questions or concerns CALL: 202-966-0697". Another reposted a meme from Reddit, which read: "The Chinese spy balloon wasn't a spy balloon after all." From the balloon in this meme hangs an advertisement for Shen Yun.