Tonight the Philadelphia Eagles and the Kansas City Chiefs will go head to head in the Super Bowl 2023 in a battle for victory. And, of course, their cheerleading teams will be out in full force to support them. The cheer squads have been gearing up ahead of the Super Bowl tonight. Jaime Gialloreto, a second-year cheerleader for the Philadelphia Eagles, has said there will be a lot of "fan engagement" amid this year's Super Bowl. She also hinted the team is training hard for their performance. Jaime, who is not only a cheerleader but the 85th Miss New Jersey, told NBC 10: "There's also going to be community service and volunteer events. "So, we have Eagles Autism Foundation events and Salute to Service which is very special for us this year because three of our teammates are actually bringing the Super Bowl overseas for Goodwill military tours." She said: "We are honored not just to attend the Super Bowl but we have a feature performance at the Super Bowl as well that we are so much looking forward to. And it's very special for us to bring a piece of Philadelphia to the Super Bowl and get to represent the best fans in the NFL." On the other hand, the Kansas City Chiefs cheer squad has been meeting service men and women at Luke Air Force Base in between training for today's match. The Philadelphia Eagles cheerleading squad includes Mya, Gabriela, Tamia, Alexa, Allegra, Allison, Ariana, Arielle, Ashley, Azari, Cailin, Cassandra, Cassie, Chrissy, Corinne, Deja, Emily Rae, Jaime, Kelseyrae, Kyra, Laura, Lucia, Marissa, Savannah, Shardae, Shelby, Talia, Taylor, Victoria, and Warner. The cheer roster at the Kansas City Chiefs includes Tiffany, Kaitlyn, Kilee, Stefanie, Taylor, Cooper, Elizabeth, J'Mia, Joi, Darian, Emily, Hannah, Katie, Maggie, Mariah, Aston, Brittany, Brooke, Grace, Jordan, Kristen, Marissa, Morgan, Paige, Alexa, Ari, Cassidy, Gracie, Lacey, Lexee, Raegan, Sadie, and Samantha. This year's Super Bowl will see fans flocking to the State Farm Arena. Tickets are going for as much as £20k, so desperate are fans to see the showdown between the two teams. The Kansas City Chiefs are looking to reclaim their title after their 2019 victory, while the Philadelphia Eagles have had one of the best seasons in their history. According to Ticketmaster, the official resale site of the NFL, tickets are selling for as much as £20,000. Those, of course, are the most expensive ones currently on resale, with the cheapest starting at £2,983. Singer Rihanna will perform live for the first time in years during the 2023 Super Bowl Halftime Show. She hasn't performed live in eight years, but she is looking forward to "representing". The singer said: "Representing for immigrants, representing for my country Barbados, representing for black women everywhere. That’s key and I’m honoured to be here, I’m honoured to be doing this.”