Christian Atsu's agent has confirmed that the player's dead body has been found under rubble following the tragic earthquake in Turkey. The former Newcastle and Chelsea winger had been missing ever since the huge quake struck almost two weeks ago. And his agent Murat Uzunmehmet has now told reporters in Hatay: "Atsu's lifeless body was found under the rubble. Currently, more items are still being taken out. His phone was also found." Another of Atsu's agents, Nana Sechere, also posted on Twitter on Saturday morning to write: "It is with the heaviest of hearts that I have to announce to all well wishers that sadly Christian Atsu’s body was recovered this morning. "My deepest condolences go to his family and loved ones. I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for their prayers and support."  Over 45,000 people are estimated to have been killed in the earthquake, which struck both Turkey and neighbouring Syria. Atsu scored a superb 97th minute free-kick in his final game for Hatayaspor in their 1-0 win over Kasimpasa in the Turkish Super Lig on 5 February. Tragically, it has been claimed he was due to leave the country following the game, but then changed his mind. Hatayspor Administrative Manager Fatih Ilek told Radyospor: "Christian Atsu told the coach that he wanted to take more time before our match with Gaziantep FK. 'Can I leave if I find a team?' he said. Volkan Demirel also accepted this request. "He didn't play against Gaziantep FK, but scored a last-minute goal in the Kasımpasa match. Actually, he was going abroad to visit his family. But when he played well and scored, he cancelled his ticket. The earthquake happened on his happiest day. He had a flight at 11 pm. Cancelled the ticket. There was an earthquake at 4 am. Absolutely a tragedy."  Nine days after the quake, with Atsu missing, Sechere said: “It has been nine days since the earthquake and we still have not located Christian. I am at the quake site in Hatay with Christian’s family. The scenes are unimaginable and our hearts are broken for all the people affected. During my time here we have been able to locate Christian Atsu’s exact room location, and we have found two pairs of his shoes. “This is a difficult situation and we are extremely grateful to all the Turkish and foreign rescue teams, local civilians and volunteers for their efforts and response in rescuing survivors." Atsu spent eight years in English football after joining Chelsea in 2013. Atsu never played a competitive game for the Blues, instead enjoying a series of loan spells including at Everton and Bournemouth. Atsu then joined Newcastle on an initial loan in 2016 and made the deal permanent a year later. The Ghana international made 121 appearances for the Magpies before leaving in 2021.