Kate, Princess of Wales was the first to step out in an all-red outfit this week, then Queen Consort Camilla chose a red dress the day after. According to a royal expert, there is a good reason why the two senior female royals chose such a bold colour to wear, less than 24 hours apart. On Monday evening in London, Kate Middleton chose a red suit; it comprised of an asymmetric Alexander McQueen blazer, wide-leg suit trousers and a small v-neck slip cami underneath. She accessorised her outfit with her Mui Mui bow bag in red suede, her trust Gianvito Rossi Gianvito 105 pumps in red sued and a pair of Chalk Florence earrings in regency. Then on Tuesday morning, Camilla chose a striking red dress for her first official engagement with the British Army.  READ MORE: Queen Letizia is a goddess in green for latest appearance in Madrid Noting the timely fashion of the two women wearing the same colour, royal commentator Amanda Matta suggested red was “a power colour”, noting how politicians are known for wearing red ties or suits “in an effort to project confidence and capability”. Kate and Camilla both wearing red within such a short space of time portrayed a “united and powerful front”, Amanda added. It was “not only a clever indication that they want us to view the Royal Family as being on solid ground but also a fabulous way to make their royal work a topic of conversation”, she suggested. The commentator explained how “royals wear bold colours to convey force and self-assurance”. DON'T MISS...Sue Cleaver opens up on how she’s 'lost more weight' recently [INTERVIEW]Amanda Owen worth millions as earnings double from Our Yorkshire Farm [NEWS]‘Kill weeds’ with a solution that's better than ‘industrial’ chemicals [GUIDE] She told The Post how “royal fashion, in general, is very intentional”, referencing how Queen Elizabeth II used bright colours as a way to make herself stand out. In colour psychology, the colour red “is often used to send messages of confidence to the public”. The intensity of red, compared to more soothing tones of green or blue, has “more psychological and emotional connections than any other colour in the spectrum”. “Red is associated with passion, love, power, confidence, and anger,” Forbes explained. READ MORE: Makeup artist shares eye makeup mistake women 40+ should avoid Princess Diana was often seen in public wearing red. Meghan Markle, on the other hand, has been wearing red a lot more since she stepped back as a senior working royal. It comes after the Duchess of Sussex said she intentionally wore neutral tones when she was living in the UK to avoid wearing the same colour as other royals.  “But then you also should never be wearing the same colour as one of the other more senior members of the family." Meghan said she didn’t want to “stand out” with her outfit or colour choices, so chose tones that would let her “blend in”, hence why the public always saw her wearing beige, camel and pale pink. It seems Kate and Camilla don’t have the same “understanding” as Meghan, since they both chose red outfits this week, and for the Together at Christmas carol service, Kate, alongside Princess Charlotte, Zara Tindall and Pippa Middleton, all chose burgandy coats.