Manchester United and Chelsea may have received a boost in their potential summer pursuits of Brentford striker Ivan Toney, as both clubs are planning to sign big-money strikers at the end of the season. The England forward has scored 14 goals in 21 Premier League appearances so far this season, prompting links to Champions League sides but there was a spanner thrown in the works. Toney had been charged with 262 alleged breaches of betting rules by the FA and according to the Daily Mail has since pled guilty to several of them, though the 26-year-old is still contesting others. He is expected to face a lengthy ban before the end of the season, in a bid to Brentford’s hopes of qualifying for European football next season but the news may not be completely negative. The report states that while Toney is likely to face months banned from football, if it is imposed in the near future then the Bees’ star could potentially serve the entirety of his suspension before the start of next season depending on the length of the ban. Toney will have two years left on his Brentford contract in the summer and with no new deal in place to extend his stay in west London, the likes of United and Chelsea could circle. If Toney’s ban does conclude before the end of the summer transfer window, it would leave both sides with another striker option for their shortlists. In October, The Sun claimed that United were keeping tabs on Toney as they looked to replace the outgoing Cristiano Ronaldo. His ban was announced prior to the January window opening, however, as the Red Devils pursued a short-term loan deal for Burnley striker Wout Weghorst instead. They are expected to sign a new striker in the summer as both Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen have reportedly been shortlisted, though the England captain could sign a new contract at Tottenham and turn down a chance to leave north London while United will face competition for the Napoli striker as his stunning form will ensure that several teams will be fighting for his signature.  Chelsea also have an interest in Osimhen, while they were encouraged to move for Toney by ex-Blues striker Tony Cascarino this month. “Chelsea are so close to getting it right under Graham Potter,” Cascarino told The Times. “Ivan Toney could be the missing piece of the jigsaw. With runners off him such as Mykhailo Mudryk and Joao Felix and quality deliveries into the box, the Brentford forward would thrive at Chelsea. “He is so strong in the air, loves to get in behind and has the confidence and swagger to succeed at a top club. Should he be cleared or have served his punishment by the end of the season, I would expect him to command a huge transfer fee.”