Shoppers are flocking to buy 'amazing' anti-ageing products that they are insisting rejuvenates their skin 'overnight' and it's currently 45% off. Nip + Fab's Retinol Fix range has a number of loyal customers who swear that it's made an incredible impact to their skincare routine and is now a must have. The kit contains a number of products from the best selling range, including the Booster Extreme, Overnight Cream, Eye Treatment, Serum Extreme and Sheet Mask. Together these 'fantastic' products help to tackle several signs of skin ageing while you're fast sleep. The Retinol Fix collection is built around the 'gold standard' of anti-ageing ingredients: retinol. This is a cell-communicating ingredient that boosts the production of collagen and elastin in the skin, giving a more youthful appearance.  In both overnight cream and the serum, the ingredient Matrixyl 3000 is used. This is a peptide that boosts collagen production in the skin, minimising the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. Shoppers have sworn that after using the products, their fine lines were smoothed out and their pores look finer. One shopper even said that the cream helped improve her 'saggy neck'. It's no surprise that hundreds of shoppers are flocking to buy the 'incredible' products, which typically retail at £117.75 but are now available for just £59.95. One shopper wrote: "I have seen a difference in the fine lines around my eyes and my skin feels much better & smoother. I could see a difference within a week so I will 100% continue to use these products." A second penned: "Fantastic stuff. Even my hubby remarked on how good my skin is looking. Smells great and I love it. Lines are definitely reduced and all those little white spots are gone! Pores look finer." A third said: "Amazing products! Love the fact they have put together the product in a kit so you have a complete routine at such reasonable prices. "I’ve been using these products for a week now and had many compliments as to “how well I’m looking”, so can only put it down to my new skin regime? Lovely quality products that do exactly what they say they do!" A fourth added: "Excellent value for money for such a top quality product. I love the texture of the cream and how it makes my skin feel. I wouldn’t be without this range as it certainly had a very positive effect on minimising wrinkles." You can buy Retinol Fix Fine Lines & Wrinkle Regime Kit here for £59.95 for 45% cheaper than when products are bought individually. The set qualitfies for free delivery and shoppers can also bag 'The Skin Drink Kit' when they spend £60 on Nip & Fab which includes over £60 worth of moisturizing products. 