Martin Brundle appears to have given his seal of approval to the planned changes for this year's Spanish Grand Prix that will see a much faster end of the lap. The Spanish Grand Prix has faced fierce criticism in recent years with minimal overtaking on track and little else happening. While there are plenty of sweeping corners and a long pit-straight, drivers have often struggled to catch up to the car in front and make a move stick. A final-sector chicane was brought in from the 2007 season in an attempt to increase overtaking opportunities. But it's been suggested that instead of bringing the cars closer together, it leaves them further apart heading into the pit straight. And F1 bosses appear to have finally caved to pressure to make changes to the layout as it's been announced the 2023 Spanish Grand Prix will revert back to the pre-2007 final corner. The chicane will no longer be used and instead it's hoped the fast sweeping right-hander will help cars follow one another closer going down the straight. For drivers battling at the front of the grid, that could prove crucial in trying to catch the race leader.  And Brundle is seemingly a fan of the changes to this year's Spanish Grand Prix, noting how much quicker cars will be in the final part of the lap. "That’ll be fast," he tweeted. "Before power steering it was challenging to physically hang onto an F1 car in that double right hander combo." Max Verstappen romped to victory at last year's race, comfortably holding off team-mate Sergio Perez with George Russell staying ahead of Carlos Sainz for the final podium spot.  But the track being reverted back to its original layout could make the battle at the front of the grid that bit more challenging for Verstappen and co. The changes could also have an impact on Lewis Hamilton, who has enjoyed huge success at the Spanish Grand Prix in previous years. The seven-time world champion won the race for five consecutive years between 2017 and 2021 to go along with his triumph back in 2014. On all-but-one of those six race wins, Hamilton started on pole with the only anomaly coming in 2019 when he stole the lead from Valtteri Bottas into the very first corner. By taking the final chicane out, it's said that cars could be expected to take the final two corners in speeds in excess of 150mph.