Manchester City have reportedly earmarked Mateo Kovacic and Mason Mount as potential signings with Pep Guardiola looking to capitalise on contract uncertainty at Chelsea. Jude Bellingham is another midfield target, and Liverpool may be pained to discover that City are allegedly prepared to go for broke in their summer revamp. The likes of Ilkay Gundogan, Bernardo Silva, Kevin De Bruyne and Rodri are all long-term members of Guardiola's midfield, although the band could be broken up at the end of the season. Gundogan's deal expires in June and he has been linked with a free transfer to Barcelona. Bernardo, meanwhile, has previously expressed a desire to leave the Etihad and it is thought that City may be prepared to cave in this summer. According to The Telegraph, one of the players on the Sky Blues' radar is Chelsea ace Kovacic, who could be available for a cut-price fee in just a few months' time. DON'T MISS: Man City boss Guardiola takes aim at Man Utd after Carabao Cup win The Croatian is approaching the final 12 months of his current contract, meaning Chelsea face a decision on whether to cash in during the summer or risk Kovacic running down his deal and leaving for free in 2024. Guardiola is reported to be an admirer of the 28-year-old, who boasts top sides such as Inter Milan and Real Madrid on his CV. Despite that, Borussia Dortmund sensation Bellingham remains the club's top target. READ MORE...Potter faces Chelsea ultimatum as players 'angry' after Tottenham lossWeghorst spots 'something special' at Man Utd after Carabao Cup winMan Utd outcast Phil Jones makes feelings clear on quitting Liverpool are also linked with the prodigious teenager, although prospects of a free run at his signature appear slim to none amid rival interest from City and Real Madrid. Guardiola and co could raid Chelsea again during the summer amid claims that they are also keeping tabs on Mount. Like Kovacic, Mount's deal expires in 2024, while his representatives and the club have supposedly agreed to shelve talks until the summer, with little progress made until this point. Manchester United and Liverpool are also believed to be in the hunt.  All told, City's midfield revamp could hurt a number of their rivals, with two Chelsea stars linked to the Etihad and Liverpool's top target also among the players on their hit list. A significant clear-out is expected at Stamford Bridge after several months of rampant transfer spending under Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital. Mount, Kovacic and a number of others could be on their way to make room for the host of new signings already bedding in.