If there was any doubt as to who should replace Harry Maguire as Manchester United captain, Bruno Fernandes has dismissed them. His interview with Rio Ferdinand, which aired ahead of their crunch Europa League clash with Barcelona, spoke volumes about the Portugal international. And given how much he’s clearly ready to fight for the cause, permanent occupancy of the armband is surely certain in the near future. Maguire has been United captain ever since January 2020, with the former Leicester star given the honour following the departure of Ashley Young to Inter Milan. Fast-forward to now, however, and the England international’s time at the club seems to be drawing to a close. United rebuffed approaches for Maguire back in January, with Erik ten Hag determined to keep his skipper until the end of the season. All signs right now, however, point to a parting of the ways come the summer transfer window. Maguire’s stock has fallen drastically over the past 12 months, having previously been an undroppable asset for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. He is now behind Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez in the club’s pecking order, with the duo both earning Ten Hag’s trust with their performances this term. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players And even Victor Lindelof and Luke Shaw seem to be ahead of him, too, despite the latter being a left-back by trade. For tonight’s match with Barcelona, Maguire isn’t expected to start - especially having just recently returned from injury. And Fernandes is set to start the game with the captaincy instead, as he’s done for the majority of the season. With Maguire expected to leave at the end of the season, many have often debated over who should replace him in the honour. Casemiro would certainly be one consideration, with the experienced Brazil international shining ever since his summer arrival from Real Madrid. David de Gea would be another, with the Spain international one of the last disciples of the Sir Alex Ferguson era. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And Marcus Rashford could even be a candidate given the way the England international has exceeded all expectations following the appointment of Ten Hag. The debate should now be considered settled, however. Fernandes struck all the right notes in his interview with Ferdinand, offering a glimpse into what should make him the clear frontrunner for the role. He showed a selflessness to him by saying: ”I always do what I think is best for my team-mates, for the club, for the game and not for me, because I won't win a game or a trophy on my own.” Fernandes was also offered the chance to look at his stats since joining United back in the January transfer window of 2020. Again, however, he made it clear how he was only focused on trophies - rather than individual plaudits. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I don’t have a favourite season yet. This club is about winning trophies,” he said. And he added: “I want to keep the stats, I won’t lie, I wants to score goals, everyone wants to score goals. “But, I want to have results and the results this season have been much better than all the seasons I’ve been here. That’s the most important thing.” Fernandes also disclosed how he would go out of his way to rally his team-mates when needed, too. “If I see someone is low on confidence and they miss a pass, or shot I will shout at them but in an encouraging way,” he said. “Like to say carry on we need you. You will get that goal or assist.” Unlike Maguire, Fernandes is a shoo-in to start for United against Barcelona this evening. And it’ll be interesting to see what role the Portugal international will occupy given developments in recent matches. Wout Weghorst has been used as a No 10 of late, with the Netherlands international performing well since his move from Burnley last month. And United have even deployed Jadon Sancho in that position, too, with the England international beginning to regain his best form. Fernandes has consequently been used on the right wing, an area the club have often struggled with following the departure of a young Cristiano Ronaldo in 2009. And whether he can continue his impressive form remains to be seen.