Former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin joined Susanna Reid and fellow Good Morning Britain co-star Richard Madeley to discuss her latest sporting projects. However, talk turned to the death of their co-star Bill Turnbull and Susanna made a candid admission about how much she missed talking to him. In 2018, Bill announced he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer, which had spread to his legs, hips, pelvis and ribs. After discussing what Louise had been doing since leaving BBC Breakfast, talk turned to their fond memories of Bill Louise expressed: "I miss him a lot and we had amazing times, he was a fantastic journalist wasn't he Susanna? He had such a naughty sense of humour!" Susanna agreed: "I miss him all the time actually, there are times that I want to message him because of something that has happened and I'm not able to do that. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit "Just sending his lovely family all our love this morning." Speaking about the awareness he raised before he died, Louise expressed: "I mean what he did when we talk about his diagnosis. "I am sure you know, changed so many lives and I get people all the time, men coming up to me and going 'I am only here because Bill spoke out and I got checked'. "So he has done an incredible thing." Bill hosted BBC Breakfast for 15 years and also fronted the popular shows Songs of Praise and game show Think Tank, before moving to Classic FM in 2016. Wanting to encourage more people to get tested, he told Radio Times: "Maybe if I'd got it earlier and stopped it at the prostate, I'd be in a much better state." In a statement released by his family, they said: "Bill will be remembered by many as a remarkable broadcaster who brought warmth and humour into people's homes. "Following a challenging and committed fight against prostate cancer, Bill passed away peacefully at his home in Suffolk surrounded by his family on Wednesday, 31 August." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will [WATCH]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise double exit as fans 'work out' how Neville leaves [LATEST] On the day his death was announced, his former colleagues Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt paid an emotional tribute. Naga said: "As a team, we are in shock this morning. He cared so much about this programme and the audience. I did my first-ever shift with him on Breakfast. "His energy was amazing. He came into this programme and threw everything at it. He was funny; he was a brilliant journalist. "He loved this programme and he loved serving you, the audience." Louise Minchin tweeted a montage of pictures from their time working together and wrote: "Sending my love and thoughts to the family of my wonderful friend Bill Turnbull. "He was a brilliant journalist, a stickler for accuracy, passionate about @BBCBreakfast and a fabulously supportive and kind team player. Most of all he was great fun, I love how he made me laugh." Susanna, who presented alongside Bill before her move to ITV's Good Morning Britain, also expressed: "I feel lucky to have worked with him, and he taught me everything. But above all, he was devoted to his family and I am heartbroken for them." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.