A man has warned of the dangers of smoking vapes after his health rapidly deteriorated to the point where he was coughing up three pints of blood. Dustin Fitzgerald, 45, from Indiana, US, had been a long time chain smoker, smoking almost 60 cigarettes every day. Desperate to curb his addiction once and for all, he made the switch to vapes. But Dustin only swapped one addiction for another, toking for 10 months continuously up to 12 hours a day. Soon after, Dustin would have violent coughing fits - during a particularly bad episode he would wake from his sleep to cough every five minutes. Dustin ended up in hospital after coughing up three pints of blood into plastic bags - which nearly resulted in a blood transfusion. He started coughing before getting to the hospital and continued when he arrived - and was coughing up blood for about eight hours in total. READ MORE: Police make 'horrifying' discovery after busting dog fighting camp He was soon diagnosed with bacterial pneumonia caused by moisture trapped in his lungs by vaping frequently. Dustin now wants to alert others to the horrors, and is urging others to put down their vaping devices. He said: "I started vaping to quit smoking when they raised cigarette prices. "I thought it would solve problems financially and health-wise - but I started to abuse it. DON'T MISSPrince Harry humiliates as Americans back William [LATEST]Mysterious death of champion swimmer investigated [REPORT]China 'could take out US' with spy balloon attack [INSIGHT] "Because you can vape inside I would vape constantly for 10 to 12 hours a day while at work." "When I noticed I was coughing blood, I was freaked out - but I still didn't make the connection it was from vaping," he revealed. "I ended up on oxygen in the ER, and breathing felt like someone had put ten elephants on my chest - and that was when they told me what caused it." The 45-year-old added: "If you ever decide to vape, do it wisely - and if you start coughing a lot, put it right down and walk away. It's just not worth it." READ MORE: Mysterious death of champion swimmer investigated after boyfriend ‘found her on floor' Soon after swapping cigarettes for vaping in January 2022, he became addicted, getting through XL 3000-puff vape pens containing 8ml of fluid in less than a week. But after several months, he started to develop an unexplained cough that was getting progressively worse. Finally, in October 2022, he visited a doctor about it but was unfortunately wrongly diagnosed with bronchitis. But later the same day, he noticed he was coughing up blood - so he and wife Amy Fitzgerald, 43, rushed to the ER. Dustin said: "I was coughing up a lot, and it was straight blood. "When I got there, the doctors said I had lost three whole pints - they even worried I would need a blood transfusion." Once in hospital, he was quarantined in the intensive care unit as doctors feared it could be down to hepatitis or tuberculosis. Later he was diagnosed in the end with bacterial pneumonia after doctors said the vapes had caused a build-up of moisture in his lungs. After a three-night stay in hospital, he returned home and hasn't touched a vape since. Recent findings from two studies supported by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI), part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), shows that long-term use of electronic cigarettes, or vaping products, can significantly impair the function of the body’s blood vessels, increasing the risk for cardiovascular disease. Additionally, the use of both e-cigarettes and regular cigarettes may cause an even greater risk than the use of either of these products alone. “In our human study, we found that chronic e-cigarettes users had impaired blood vessel function, which may put them at increased risk for heart disease,” said Matthew L. Springer, Ph.D., a professor of medicine in the Division of Cardiology at the University of California in San Francisco, and leader of both studies. “It indicates that chronic users of e-cigarettes may experience a risk of vascular disease similar to that of chronic smokers.”