The heartbroken father and sister of missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley have said "her children need her home". They said the family has been "stuck in a nightmare" since her disappearance, as they issued a tearful appeal to find her.  Louise Cunningham said: "If I'm being honest, it feels like I'm just stuck in a nightmare. We're going round and round in circles trying to piece together what could have possibly happened." She told Sky News: "It's like she's just vanished into thin air. We just want her home, we need her home, her children need her home. It's absolutely heartbreaking." In their first interview since Ms Bulley's disappearance, the family appealed directly to anyone who might have seen or knows where their loved on is to come forward and speak to the police. Appearing alongside Ms Cunningham and Ms Bulley's mother Dot, father Ernie Bulley, 73, spoke of the pain members of the "close-knit family" are feeling.    He told Sky News: "This has just emptied our lives at the minute, we just feel so empty. We appreciate everything everyone is doing to find her. The police have been brilliant, the local community has been outstanding. But at the end of the day we just want her back." He continued: "We need the public to search their minds for anything they might have seen. The main thing is we want to find Nicola and get her back home. "There are two young children there waiting for their mummy to come back. And if Nicola is out there and she's watching this - come home, contact the police. We just want you back." Ms Cunningham added: "Something has got to have been missed. Somebody must know something. People don’t just vanish into thin air. "There has got to be somebody who knows something and all we are asking is, no matter how small or big, if there is anything you remember that doesn’t seem right, then please reach out to the police. Get in touch and get my sister back."  READ ABOUT HOW MUCH TIME RISHI SUNAK HAS LEFT AT NO.10   Speaking about the impact on Ms Bulley's children, Mr Bulley said: "They know that mummy's missing, but they know that she's going to be coming home and everyone is looking for her so it's only a matter of time, that they're thinking in their minds, that she's going to walk through that door." Ms Cunningham added: "Their little minds are trying to process, they don't really understand, none of us understand, to be honest. But when there are children involved you just have to carry on, you've got to get through every day and that's all we're trying to do." The family's public appeal for information came as police confirmed they have found a dog walker who was seen near the spot where Ms Bulley went missing. However, mystery still surrounds Ms Bulley's disappearance. Lancashire Police released an image of the woman they wanted to speak to as a witness earlier today. She was wearing a red and white coat with a fur hood, light-coloured trousers and a light bobble hat. She was walking a small, white dog. The witness was later tracked down.  DON'T MISS: Australian politician demands Britain confronts colonial past [REVEALED] Germany should 'shut their damn mouths' on NATO spending, says expert [REPORT] Meghan and Harry told to 'move back to the UK' [LATEST]   Lancashire Police said in a statement issued this afternoon: "Earlier today (February 2) we released a CCTV image of somebody we wanted to identify as part of our search for missing Nicola Bulley. "We have now identified the woman and would like to thank everybody who shared our appeal and phoned in with information. "Our search is continuing today for Nicola." The force also confirmed the timings of Ms Bulley's last known movements on the day she went missing. According to the police, at 8.43am she walked along the path by the River Wyre, having dropped her children off at school. About seven minutes later a dog-walker, who knows Ms Bulley, saw her walking around a field with her dog. The two dogs interacted briefly before the witness left the field via a river path. At 8.53am, Ms Bulley sent an email to her boss before logging into a Teams call at 9.01am.     About nine minutes later another witness who knows Ms Bulley saw her on another field walking her dog, Willow. The force said work is ongoing to establish exactly what time this was. At 9.30am, the Teams call ended but Ms Bulley stayed logged on. About five minutes later, Ms Bulley’s mobile phone and Willow were found at a bench by the river by another dog-walker. The springer spaniel appeared in an agitated state and was "bone dry", according to a witness.  Superintendent Sally Riley said: "We know Nicola going missing has caused a great deal of concern for the wider local community, as well as obviously being an awful time for her family. "This remains a missing person inquiry and at this time there is nothing to suggest any third-party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance. "I appreciate that there are unanswered questions about what has happened to Nicola, but I would urge people not to speculate or spread false rumours. We will share updates when we can, but we must be factual. "Nicola’s family are being kept up to date with events and are being supported by officers."    She added: "We are really grateful for the community’s help and co-operation so far, but I’d like to stress again parts of the riverbank are treacherous, especially after the recent rain, and we would ask that nobody puts themselves in danger and that the police and partner agencies’ efforts to find Nicola are not compromised." A specialist diver was spotted in the River Wyre earlier today with reports of the riverbed being scoured for clues. Ms Bulley is white, 5ft 3in, with light brown shoulder-length hair. She speaks with an Essex accent. She was last seen wearing a long black gilet jacket with a hood, black jeans and olive-green ankle wellies. Her hair was tied into a ponytail. Anybody who has seen Ms Bulley, or has information about where she might be, is asked to call 101, quoting log 565 of January 30. For immediate sightings please call 999. 