 Savings rates have been improving in 2023 and all of the top 10 easy access savings accounts are now paying three percent interest rate or higher. Interest rates are continuing to improve offering savers returns of more than four percent if they can afford to lock away their money for a period of time.  Savings expert, Lucinda O’Brien from Money.co.uk highlighted the best easy access savings account, adding that ISAs could be an option for Britons looking to save tax-free. Ms O'Brien said: “Interest rates are remaining consistent with what we’ve been seeing for the past few weeks, but there is good news for anyone seeking a way to save money tax-free. "The cash ISA is having a resurgence, as some of its rates are reaching more than four percent if you are prepared to lock away your money for a period of time. "Alternatively, Newcastle Building Society Triple Access ISA (Issue 4) is an easy access ISA and it has a competitive interest rate of 3.05 percent and a minimum deposit of £1 - but this rate will decrease if you make more than three withdrawals per year.” READ MORE: Pensioners missing out on little known DWP benefit worth £92 a week   Interest rates on savings accounts are at their highest level in more than 10 years following consecutive Bank of England Base Rate increases over the last year. The top easy access account right now is the Yorkshire Building Society Online Rainy Day Account Issue 2 paying 3.35 percent. It's even possible to get up to seven percent interest on savings, but these accounts often come with restrictions limiting how much someone can save and for how long for. Yorkshire Building Society also has a Christmas Regular Saver account offering an interest rate of 4.5 percent to help people save for next Christmas but this only allows customers to deposit between £1 and £300 per month. DON'T MISSOver 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform [INSIGHT]State pension age increases are changing [UPDATE]NatWest ups overpayment rates on mortgages - could save thousands [ALERT]   Fixed-rate bonds may be an option for people looking for better return on their savings if they are prepared to lock money away for between six months and five years. Money.co.uk says the best options right now are: - ICICI Bank UK 6 Month SuperSaver Bond - 3.5 percent - My Community Bank 1 Year Fixed Term Deposit - 4.18 percent - Union Bank of India (UK) Ltd 2 Year Union Premier Bond - 4.35 percent - The Access Bank UK Limited Sensible Savings 3 Year Fixed Term Savings Bond - 4.4 percent - Raisin UK Isbank UK - 5 Year Fixed Term Deposit - 4.5 percent   Cash ISAs are also an option for people looking for a competitive interest rate. Experts at Money.co.uk say these are currently the best accounts: - Shawbrook Bank Easy Access Cash ISA Issue 23 - 2.91 percent - Newcastle Building Society Triple Access ISA (Issue 4) - 3.05 percent - Barclays 1 Year Flexible Cash ISA Issue 36 - four percent - Close Brothers Savings 5 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA - 4.2 percent  Meanwhile, first direct is currently offering savers the highest returns on savings with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of seven percent. Britons only need £25 to start saving but the rate is only fixed for 12 months. Savers can deposit between £25 and £300 per month in multiples of £5 and interest is paid after one year. Withdrawals are not permitted throughout the duration of the 12-month term. 