A newspaper comic strip has been cancelled after its creator warned white people to get the "f**k away" from black people. America's largest newspaper publisher Gannett revealed it would stop publishing the comic just days after Scott Adams' comments. The comic strip, known as Dilbert, was axed by 77 newspapers in September amid growing concerns about a number of controversial storylines. One comic storyline included a black character who identified as white. Adams' comic has been in circulation for more than 30 years, launching in 1989. It frequently poked fun at office culture but recently focused on issues such as diversity in the workplace. JUST IN: Joe Biden claims classified document debacle 'fundamentally different' to Donald Trump Adams, 65, is reported to have amassed more than $70million from Dilbert. Speaking during a recent episode of Real Coffee with Scott Adams on Wednesday, he said: "The best advice I would give to white people is to get the hell away from black people. "Just get the f**k away. Wherever you have to go, just get away." He added: "There’s no fixing this. This can’t be fixed... You just have to escape. "So that’s what I did, I went to a neighbourhood where I have a very low black population." Adams would later double-down on his comments, claiming black people were a "hate group". Writing on Twitter, Adams also claimed: "A lot of people are angry at me today but I haven't yet heard anyone disagree. "I make two main points: 1. Treat everyone as an individual (no discrimination). 2. Avoid any group that doesn't respect you. Does anyone think that is bad advice?" Explaining its decision to drop Dilbert, Gannett told the New York Post: "Recent discriminatory comments by the creator, Scott Adams, have influenced our decision to discontinue publishing his comic.  DON'T MISS US makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation'[REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] "While we respect and encourage free speech, his views do not align with our editorial or business values as an organisation. "At Gannett, we lead with inclusion and strive to maintain a respectful and equitable environment for the diverse communities we serve nationwide." Ohioan publication the Cleveland Plain Dealer also decided to stop publishing the satirical strips after Adams' "racist rant". Editor Chris Quinn wrote on Friday: "This is no a difficult decision. "Adams said Black people are a hate group, citing a recent Rasmussen survey which, he said, shows nearly half of all Black people do not agree with the phrase ‘It’s okay to be white'." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 