NCIS season 20 is believed to be midway through the latest series and is expected to consist of around 22 episodes. The police procedural continues to throw difficult investigations at the skilled team, as each of them contends with their own personal dilemmas. The next instalment on CBS is expected to be the same with fans finding out even more about Agent Alden Parker's (played by Gary Cole) private life. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. NCIS season 20 was last seen on Monday, February 13, on CBS for the episode Old Wounds. As many would already be aware of, the instalment was co-written by executive producer Scott Williams and Jimmy Palmer actor Brian Dietzen. This was the second time Dietzen took to writing an episode with the first, The Helper, airing as part of season 19. Coming off Old Wounds, fans were excited to see what else the show has in store for them but unfortunately, this has been delayed. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue NCIS didn't return as expected last night, Monday, February 20, as the show is taking a short hiatus. This isn't the first time the show has taken a break from airing with NCIS coming off air for a month last October. Then there is the usual hiatus over the Christmas period which also usually lasts about four weeks. Thankfully, the wait for the upcoming episode is going to be a lot shorter than these previous times. NCIS season 20, episode 15, is going to return next Monday, February 27, on CBS in its usual time slot. This episode is going to be called Unusual Suspects and, once again, the focus will be on Agent Parker. The synopsis reads: "NCIS investigates the death of a ride-share driver who was found after a car accident. "Parker's dad, who is temporarily living with him, assists the team in their investigation." DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' [EXPLAINER]Daniela Ruah will be celebrating a milestone birthday this year [CAST]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah confirms huge career change [UPDATE] Back to play Roman Parker, Parker's father, is actor Francis Xavier McCarthy. He appeared for the first time earlier in the series and is now returning for another instalment but how will he be able to help the team out? Actor Francis Xavier McCarthy has been in a number of popular films including Interstellar, 9-1-1, Summer School, The Man with Two Brains and Red Rover. Most recently, McCarthy was Judge Daugherty in On the Basis of Sex, alongside Felicity Jones and Justin Theroux. There have been rumours circling that actor Michael Weatherly could return to his role as Agent Tony DiNozzo. He has been adding fuel to the fire by posting throwbacks to his time in the drama, most recently with a picture of him having a conversation with ex-co-stars Emily Wickersham and Sean Murray. Weatherly wrote: "'And that's the story about how I ended up wearing this tie!' @EmilyWickersham and @SeanHMurray patiently enduring one more in the endless babblefest)." So could this be yet another hint at DiNozzo making a comeback in 2023? NCIS season 20 continues on Monday, February 27, on CBS in the USA.