With last week’s base rate increase, borrowers are raising interest rates on their products, including mortgages. Experts are highlighting that some mortgage rate increases could see holders pay an extra £1,380 a year. This particular rare hike would affect those on variable or tracker mortgage rate who are borrowing a certain amount. These mortgages are affected by changes to the base rate while fixed rate mortgages remain the same for two to five year periods. In light of this, homeowners are being told the “best course of action” to take when it comes to taking out a mortgage. This is particularly pertinent as many homeowners on a fixed rate are coming to the end of their deal and may be considering a variable rate as an alternative. However, if they were to do this, they could be at risk of seeing their payments rise by up to £1,380 a year. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Danni Hewson, AJ Bell financial analyst, explained: “According to ONS figures more than 1.4 million people have a fixed rate mortgage which will be up for renewal over the next year. “Whilst rates have fallen since the mini-Budget threw a grenade into the works, those people will find that whatever choice they make their monthly payments will be substantially higher. “The question many homeowners have been asking is whether they should hold off re-fixing until rates come down and instead go for a variable rate or a tracker mortgage. “Every situation will be different, so the best course of action will be to talk to a broker to get the right advice for you.” The expert highlighted the plight of the 1.6 million people currently on either a tracker or variable rate who will shoot up dramatically. Using examples, she highlighted how much people on certain mortgage rates will pay following the most recent base rate increase. If someone were to have £250,000 in borrowing, a 0.5 percent rise means an extra £72 a month in costs. Notably, if a mortgage holder has £400,0000 of borrowing that will increase to an extra £115 a month which is the equivalent of £1,380 annually. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The mortgage expert acknowledged that this expense will have a detrimental effect on people getting onto the property ladder. Ms Hewson added: “With thousands of pounds a year being added onto a typical mortgage, there will be some who are finding their home has become unaffordable. “There are options people can consider, like extending the term of the mortgage, moving to interest-only or using an offset mortgage. “It is important to remember that whilst these may cost more in the long term, they could provide a lifeline during the current cost-of-living crisis.” The Bank of England has raised interest rates ten times in the last year in response to concerns over inflation’s impact on the economy. Inflation is at 10.5 percent just now and has dropped slightly over the last two months, which could be a sign the economy is improving. Despite this, further hikes to the base rate are not being ruled out inflation remains extremely high in the UK. Currently, the central bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has increased the country’s base rate to four percent.