Elvis Presley fans were disappointed this week when Austin Butler did not win a SAG Award for his portrayal of the King of Rock and Roll. But Austin moved on, and recently appeared at the Costume Designers Guild Awards on Monday night. When he did, he paid a loving tribute to the King's daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, who died on January 12, 2023, aged 54. During this tribute, he described the "grief" of the ordeal. Austin said: "I've never felt so close to somebody so quickly as I did to Lisa Marie. The first time I met Lisa Marie, we felt as though we knew each other from before because I'd done these scenes saying goodbye to little Lisa Marie [in the movie], suddenly now I'm looking at adult Lisa Marie and we just both got tears in our eyes and I got the biggest hug." The American actor said that, after they met, they got together and "talked and talked for hours". (Via The Mail) "She took me up into his bedroom at Graceland and sat on his bed," he recalled. "Those are the things that are the biggest gift for this whole thing for me." The 31-year-old added that he has been in touch with Lisa Marie's mother, Priscilla Presley, who is also Elvis' ex-wife. He said the grief in the family is "strong". Austin said: "Priscilla is such a strong woman and she has been handling it in a way that has to hold this whole family together as well as the legacy of Elvis - and now Lisa Marie. The things she has had to go through in life are unfathomable." His comments follow a speech he gave when he won a Golden Globe earlier this year for his portrayal of Elvis in the Baz Luhrmann biopic. He took the time to thank the Presley family for accepting him into their circle after he was given the role of a lifetime. Austin said: "I cannot thank you guys enough for your love and for sharing with me who Elvis truly was. I hope I've made you proud. This means the world to me. Thank you all so much." DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley's abandoned childhood home sold for just £35kLisa Marie's tears over Austin Butler's Elvis 'He'll win the Oscar'Austin Butler pays tribute to Lisa Marie after his Elvis BAFTA win The feeling was mutual between Austin and the Presley family. Lisa Marie, in particular, was brimming with pride about seeing her father brought to life on the big screen by the young actor. Before Elvis hit cinemas, Lisa Marie saw a sneak preview screening. Shortly thereafter, she wrote about her experience watching her father brought back to life by Austin. "I do want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie 'Elvis' twice now," she told her Instagram followers. "And let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite." She added: "Austin Butler channeled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.)" (sic) Lisa Marie then opened up on how Austin emotionally moved her with his performance. She said: "What moved me to tears as well was watching [her children] Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced." (sic) Elvis is available to rent on digital now.