Manchester United have regained their mojo, continuing their fine form with a 3-0 victory over Leicester on Sunday. And that result means confidence will be running high when they lock horns with Barcelona in the Europa League this week. Jadon Sancho simply has to start, with the England international catching the eye following his introduction at Old Trafford. Manchester United were too strong for Leicester on Sunday, scoring three goals without replying to boost their chances of winning the Premier League title. Marcus Rashford was the star of the show, with the 25-year-old bagging a brace on a day where he again electrified Old Trafford. Bruno Fernandes was impressive, too, registering two assists following a fine display. David De Gea earned deserved praise from Erik ten Hag after the game, having made two excellent saves in the opening stages of the game. And then there was Sancho. United initially left the 22-year-old on the bench, perhaps with the upcoming fixture against Barcelona in mind. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford But Ten Hag seemed to regret that decision and, at half time, replaced Alejandro Garnacho with the England international. It was a decision that, without a doubt, paid off. Sancho was a constant threat upon being introduced and, in the 61st minute, scored his side’s third goal of the game. Certainly, his statistics show that he’s a player who now seems to be finally finding his feet after 18 months of inconsistency. The former Borussia Dortmund star, in just 49 minutes, managed a pass accuracy of 93 per cent. He touched the ball 43 times, completed all 16 of his passes in the final third and also managed six dribbles. The United star also made four key passes and was used as a No 10 by Ten Hag, with Wout Weghorst then playing up top. And, as well as his goal, he also created one big chance. Sancho has, of course, had a tough time of things over the past few months. He didn’t play for the club from October until the beginning of this month. But, finally, he seems to have arrived. United have always believed it’s a matter of time when Sancho will come good, rather than if. And they’re now being proven right, with their four-year transfer pursuit now finally appearing to pay off. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Jose Mourinho wanted Sancho back in 2017, when it was clear the forward would be leaving Manchester City, only to miss out. Though Ole Gunnar Solskjaer finally landed the forward in 2021, that happened after failed pursuits over the course of the previous two years. On Thursday, United will face Barcelona in arguably their toughest test of the season to date. And a front three of Fernandes, Rashford and Sancho definitely seems the way to go for that showdown. Speaking after the game, meanwhile, Ten Hag confirmed he was unhappy with the way United performed in the first half against Leicester. "Leicester is a great team, they played really well and made it really tough for us,” said the 53-year-old. “It was also by us, we didn't follow the rules and the principles of the game from our way of play and then you get punished. “We were lucky and it is only because of David de Gea that we don't concede a goal. Great saves, we were not disciplined and it is not right. "We came in at half time and said it. We were 1-0 up, we knew also how to beat them because there was a lot of space in the midfield and behind their defending line. “It was a good goal, once again a great pass from Bruno [Fernandes], great goal from Rashy [Marcus Rashford] and then we are 1-0 up. The second half was all us and Bruno Fernandes played a magnificent game. "The team is putting Rashford in the right positions, especially Bruno, he creates how many passes, he gives behind, he crosses in. Not only Bruno but I think he is doing a great job. "We need all players in form but we have to follow the principles of our way of play and if we do that, we can play very well and we have seen that in the second half.”