President Putin believed his ‘special military operation’ would last three days and, within 10, the Zelensky government and his armed forces would have collapsed. Most western commentators and intelligence agencies agreed. They could see no prospect for Ukraine and assumed that at least half the country, including Kyiv was about to be annexed with ease. It did not work out that way. Instead, a Russian coup de main has become a gruelling military campaign, in which the Russians have probably taken 150,000 casualties, with perhaps 60,000 killed; other estimates are higher. The initial invasion having failed, this war has consisted of four identifiable phases; the invasion (February 24 to April 1), the Russian concentration on the Donbas and the south (April 2 to August 29), the Kharkiv counter-offensive (September 30 to November 9 when Kershon was retaken), and the current winter stasis. We are about to enter a fifth phase; a renewed offensive by Ukraine and counter-actions by the Russians. Each of the four phases have been distinctive but they have been defined by a signature battle. Significantly that battle has been an urban one. Phase 1 was defined by the Battle of Kyiv: a monumental and decisive victory for Ukraine in which they repulsed Russian forces, inflicting heavy losses on them, and denied Putin’s his strategic goals. The Battle of Mariupol and Severdonetsk dominated Phase 2. In Phase 3 Kharkiv was relieved, Izyum and, eventually Kershon fell, as Russian troops abandoned these vital urban objectives. Throughout the winter, the Battle of Bakhmut has raged. In each of its phases, the Russo-Ukraine War has been characterised by urban warfare. Almost all the fighting has taken place in, around, and for urban objectives. Because this war has been so urbanised, the fighting has described a surprising, archaic picture: the siege. The slow, attritional assault on or defence fortified positions has become the norm. The return of the siege has been militarily significant. Siege operations have always required prodigious firepower; fortifications have to be reduced (or defended), the enemy suppressed or killed. Accordingly, in Ukraine, both armies have relied heavily – sometimes almost exclusively - on heavy artillery. The gun has become critical. At the height of the fighting last year, the Russian forces were firing between 20,000 and 30,000 artillery shells a day. Having failed in Kyiv, they resorted to proven methods of indiscriminate urban bombardments elsewhere. In order to take Severodonetsk, they reduced the town to ruins, compelling Ukrainian defenders to withdraw; Mariupol suffered a similar fate. But the Ukrainians have also relied on heavy artillery. They repelled Russians from Kharkiv through massive, daily artillery strikes. It is estimated that the Russians lost 12,000 soldiers around Ukraine; almost all to artillery fire. This war is paradoxical, then. At one level it has involved some of the most advanced technology; digital command systems, electro-magnetic sensors, cyber and space assets. Yet, on the ground, the war has looked more like early modern or medieval combat, with troops struggling to take or to hold urban fortresses. Slow, unforgiving siege warfare has been the leitmotif of this war. What does the character of the fighting up to now suggest about the coming months? How will this war develop? How will it end? If the pattern of the first four phases persists, then it is difficult to be optimistic. The Ukrainians want to and must seek to re-take more of their sovereign territory. A second counter-offensive is inevitable in the coming months.  The Russians know this. Russians forces may indeed be poor; their commanders have been incompetent. Yet, they have had months to prepare defensive positions in Luhansk around Svatove and Kreminna, and in Zaporizhzhia. They have created extensive field fortifications. It seems very likely that they have fortified urban strongholds too, in order to avoid any repeat of Izyum or Kershon. General Gerasimov has tried to create a more integrated command system. A collapse is always possible. Yet, it seems more likely that just as the Russians struggled to reduce Ukraine’s urban fortresses in 2022, as they attacked, the Ukrainians, brave and skilful though they have been, will similarly toil to re-take the towns and cities they lost last year. For all the supersonic weaponry and cyber capabilities working at the speed of light, this war is likely to coagulate into a protracted conflict. In place of lightning manoeuvre, it is likely to glaciate into a series of long siege operations. The war is likely to continue throughout this year and into next. Perhaps in late 2024, or early 2025, mutual exhaustion may descend and the parties might be willing to reach some angry and unsatisfactory settlement. Ukraine and Ukraine’s western supporters need to be ready for that long-haul. Professor Anthony King specialises in the study of the war and the armed forces at Warwick University.