Much like the rest of the franchise, NCIS Los Angeles isn't afraid to dig deeper into the characters' pasts and bring them back to haunt them. In the latest instalment, it is going to be Admiral Holace Kilbride's (Gerald McRaney) turn as he gets an unexpected visitor. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the woman behind Kilbride's ex-wife. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.NCIS Los Angeles season 14's A Farewell to Arms will see Kilbride brought face to face with his ex-wife Elizabeth Kilbride (Marilu Henner). She arrives out of the blue, making the rest of the team curious as to why she has shown up. It is soon revealed that Elizabeth is eager for him to try and make an effort with his estranged son. Kilbride spent most of his childhood working and often neglected his family so he isn't the Admiral's number one fan. So can Elizabeth convince him to reach out to her olive branch one more time? READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale Actress Marliu Henner rose to prominence during the 1970s as she starred in the sitcom Taxi as Elaine O'Connor for five seasons. The show, based on the staff of a New York taxi cab company who dreams of bigger things, starred the likes of Danny DeVito, Judd Hirsch and Christopher Lloyd. After the series ended, she went on to feature in films such as The Man Who Loved Women, Mister Roberts, Johnny Dangerously and Perfect. Henner's next biggest role didn't come until years later, at the start of 1990. The 70-year-old was part of the main cast in the sitcom Evening Shade which ran for four years. Based on former professional football player Woodrow "Wood" Newton's (Burt Reynolds) hometown of the same name, he settles into a job as a coach for a high school team with a losing streak. Henner was behind Ava, Wood's wife who he married when they were just 18 years old. Along with Henner and Reynolds, the cast featured Ann Wedgeworth, Michael Jeter and Hal Holbrook. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [REACTION]NCIS boss teases Leroy Gibbs’ return [SPOILER]NCIS fans overjoyed as Pauley Perrette reunites with co-star [CAST] Fast forward to the noughties, and Henner left her mark in a number of other television shows. Some included Greg the Bunny, Living with Fran, Gone But Not Forgotten, The Glades, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and V.C. Andrews' Landry Family. Most recently, Henner was Aida Teagarden in the series Aurora Teagarden Mysteries from 2015 to 2022. Now, she will have a guest role in the latest episode of NCIS Los Angeles. Elizabeth is desperate to convince her ex-husband Kilbride to reconnect with their son Alex. Whether or not they will be able to build a bridge over their issues isn't yet known but Alex will make an appearance,  portrayed by actor Christopher Gorham. Gorham has been in Ugly Betty, Insatiable, Popular, Odyssey 5, Felicity and Once Upon A Time. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA.