For more than 40 years, the consumer investigative journalism programme Watchdog held big companies accountable for their wrongdoings. However, in 2020 the standalone programme was axed as it was integrated into a separate segment on BBC’s The One Show. Originally fronted by Anne Robinson, Watchdog produced over 1,000 episodes all with the aim to protect consumer rights. Although it released two series a year, the BBC decided to fold it into The One Show as bosses couldn't justify keeping it as a standalone programme. Now, every Wednesday viewers can watch Matt Allwright and Nikki Fox investigate consumer issues while keeping the public up to date with the latest scams and advice. However, three years after the broadcaster's decision to scrap the show, money-saving expert Martin Lewis remains unimpressed. READ MORE:ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show  On Thursday’s instalment of This Morning, Martin appeared on the show to celebrate two decades on ITV. Speaking to hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, the 50-year-old took the opportunity to praise the channel for putting consumer journalism into the spotlight. As the interview came to a close, Martin commented: “Thank you for having me on. Thank you for having me on for the last 20 years. “You know, without that, I wouldn’t have my show in the evenings, 10 years of that.  “Just a little thing worth noting, thank you, ITV. I know we shouldn’t say things like this. “But ITV puts consumer journalism in daytime and in primetime and at the same time, the BBC relegated terribly Watchdog to a concession in another programme. “In the middle of a cost of living crisis we should be supporting consumers and consumer finance journalism, and thank you ITV, a commercial channel, for doing it.” After Martin’s comments on the broadcast, Holly replied: “Yeah, well, quite right.”  DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Lisa Riley pays tribute to Paddy Kirk actor [VIDEO] Dancing on Ice’s Joey Essex ‘terrified’ after fall on the ice [INSIGHT] Loose Women outrage as star says Shamima Begum wouldn't be a 'threat' [REACTION]  At the time Watchdog moved into The One Show, editor Rob Unsworth called the integration exciting as viewers were able to get their fix of consumer journalism all year round. He commented: “Bringing the quality, investigative journalism of the much-loved and trusted Watchdog brand to viewers year-round is an exciting move and a great opportunity for The One Show. “It means that more than ever the team can react on behalf of consumers whenever stories come up.” Head of Daytime and Early Peak at the BBC Carla-Maria Lawson stated it was the right time for Watchdog to move after four decades.   She said: “Watchdog has been tenaciously fighting for viewers' rights since the strand started 40 years ago within Nationwide. "So it's fitting that in its anniversary year, we are able to open up the potential for viewers to connect with the brand through The One Show." Since the switch, Watchdog has looked at bank fraud, pensions, energy credit and more recently supermarket products going up in price because of inflation. Viewers are able to see the Watchdog segment on The One Show each Wednesday from 7pm.