Recent figures have revealed that 500,000 pension savers took out £3.6billion collectively from their retirement savings in the first three months of the 2022/23 tax year. This coincides with the cost of living crisis, which is partially caused by a soaring inflation rate. The latest Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for January 2023 is 10.1 percent, which is a drop from the month before, but still high and eating away at people’s savings. One of the most vulnerable groups affected by the increase in the cost of living is pensioners who are having to use their pension pots to “make ends meet”, according to experts. Age UK has recently warned that 3.5 million older people in the UK are at risk of having little savings to fall back on in later life. Some 1.5 million of pre-state pension age households have savings of less than £5,000, and 120,000 have no savings at all. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Furthermore, the charity reports that a total of 540,000 pre-state pension age Britons either have no savings or savings of £250 or less. Official Government statistics suggest that as many as half a million people are turning to their retirement savings to survive this era of high inflation. Tom Selby, the head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, broke down the concerns many older households are having amid the rise in the cost of living. He explained: “There is mounting evidence that squeezed savers are being forced to turn to their pension pots to make ends meet during the cost of living crisis. “In the first three months of the 2022/23 tax year, for example, over half a million people withdrew £3.6billion from their retirement pots, a 23 percent increase versus the same period in 2021/22. “While we don’t know exactly what has driven this behaviour, the most likely culprit is spiralling inflation. With millions of families struggling to pay the bills at the moment, for many turning to their hard-earned pensions will feel like the only option. “There will also inevitably be lots of parents or grandparents who are taking some income from their pensions to help younger generations get by.” On top of this, the Government has confirmed a quarter of pension savers over 55 contributed over £4,000 a year to their pensions in 2020/21. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing This is leading to growing concerns over future retirees inadvertently breaching the money purchase annual allowance (MPAA) on mass. The MPAA is a restriction on the amount someone can pay into their pension while still getting tax relief, which comes into effect once they start to access their retirement savings for the first time. All taxpayers have an annual allowance which limits how much they can place into their pension pot with the MPAA replacing this threshold once someone starts accessing their retirement fund. Currently, the MPAA is sitting at £4,000 but was originally set at the much larger amount of £10,000. In comparison, the annual pension allowance for this tax year is sitting at £40,000 for each taxpayer. AJ Bell’s finance expert is sounding the alarm that individuals’ retirement savings will be severely impacted if they find themselves crossing over this allowance. Mr Selby added: “For those who trigger the money purchase annual allowance by accessing taxable income flexibly from their pension for the first time, the impact on their ability to rebuild their fund will be significant. “The MPAA permanently slashes your annual allowance from £40,000 to just £4,000, while also removing your ability to carried forward unused allowances from the three previous tax years.”