Sue Cleaver will be back on the cobbles playing Eileen Grimshaw once again in the upcoming weeks following a short break to take part in the 2022 series of I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here!. But Coronation Street fans won’t recognise Eileen because Sue has admitted to losing even more weight. The actress is Prima magazine’s March cover star and she told the publication about diet culture and how she avoids it. “I lost some weight in the jungle,” Sue admitted. “But I’m not obsessing over diets: life is hard enough! “There's always going to be outside pressure and unfair expectations placed on women, but I refuse to get pulled into it. That's why I’ll never promote anything weight-related, and it’s why I’d always rather compliment somebody on their smile or their outfit, rather than their weight. “Let’s just let women be women – we have enough difficulties and struggles as it is.” READ MORE: Woman loses six stone in a year after being bullied for her weight It’s no surprise Sue lost weight whilst being in the Australian jungle because the celebrities taking part are on a very strict diet. It has been widely reported that the celebs taking part in the reality TV show eat around 700 calories a day in rations unless they win stars in their daily tasks. The stars then convert to an evening meal, and the number represents how many portions the camp will be given. Despite a restricted amount of calories, the food has been “carefully worked out by nutritionists” a source told The Sun. Celebs can also win treats in the Dingo Dollar challenge - sometimes it might only be one biscuit per person though. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen worth millions as earnings double from Our Yorkshire Farm [NEWS]‘Kill weeds’ with a solution that's better than ‘industrial’ chemicals [COMMENT]Correct method to cook ‘fluffy rice every time’ [VIDEO] Before I’m A Celeb, Sue dropped from a UK size 16 to a size 12 by following the Mediterranean diet. She started her weight loss journey back in 2016 when she reached her mid-60s and felt she needed to assess her eating habits. Sue, who is a “self-confessed foodie” revealed, “over-indulgence was her Achilles Heel”, so she “cut down” to lose weight. The actress is said to have followed the Mediterranean diet which is rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, seafood, nuts and legumes and olive oil. READ MORE: Michael Mosley’s safe and effective’ keto diet to lose weight fast It also allows low to moderate amounts of red wine, and moderate means one small glass each day, so it’s no surprise it’s a popular diet to follow. Following the Mediterranean diet was successful for Sue who managed to shed three stone and four dress sizes. But after her stint in I’m A Celeb, her overall weight loss is believed to be more than three stone now, and recently, Sue has been sharing photographs of her slimmer figure on social media, leaving many fans wondering if she’s had weight loss surgery because of her weight loss success. One commented: “You look brilliant Sue, so slim and elegant! Well done.” “Looking beautiful Sue. Well done on the weight loss,” a second wrote. A third added: “Wow you look amazing and so much younger!!!! Xxxx.” Read the full interview in Prima’s March issue, on sale 1st February. It is available in all supermarkets and online at MagsDirect.