Westminster Magistrates’ Court heard how the pair, both from Scotland, stood next to the waxwork, covered it with cake, and removed clothing to reveal T-shirts emblazoned with Just Stop Oil. Prosecutor Jonathan Bryan added that they “made short speeches about climate change, the gallery was cleared, the police were called, and when police arrived both defendants were arrested”. The court heard how the cost to repair the waxwork was £3,500. Head of operations at Madame Tussaud’s, Danielle Clancy Shelton said the aftermath of the demonstration was “quite hysterical”. She added: “There was what I believed to be cake, mainly over King Charles’ face and his garments.” READ MORE: Sunak to give police whatever powers are needed to tackle eco-protests    As well as damage to the waxwork, there were also repairs required to other effigies including those of Prince William and Princess Kate. Shelton said: “There was also a white foamy residue that had also gone on those two figures as well as Prince William and Princess Kate’s dress, and on the floor.” The two defendants claimed they were acting out of necessity in order to raise awareness of the climate emergency. Representing himself, Johnson said he was “surprised” the incident had escalated to the point where it had reached court. He admitted considering removing the waxwork, but said they “agreed that could’ve been extremely disturbing or frightening to anyone on the scene”. Johnson added that the substances they used in the protest, cake in this case, “were carefully chosen to cause as little damage as possible” the court heard. Both Johnson and McFadden denied criminal damage to a property valued under £5,000. However, they were both convicted by District Judge Neeta Minhas. Johnson was given sentenced to a 12-month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £1,750 in compensation with £250 in court costs. McFadden was given a 12-month community order with 80 hours unpaid work. She was ordered to pay £1,750 in compensation and £250 in court costs.  