A pensioner was taken to hospital after falling at a new housing estate last week. Residents moved into the estate around 18 months ago; however, they claim not to have seen builders since October.   This is despite the roads being full of potholes and uneven surfaces. They say they have complained about the roads for months but feel they have been ignored. Homeowners at the Scholars Chase estate in Stoke Gifford, South Gloucestershire, along with neighbours at the nearby retirement village, claim the state of the roads has caused damage to cars and that building materials have been abandoned on the unfinished surfaces for months.   Developer Taylor Wimpey has apologised and said "health and safety is our priority", and it plans to "bring the public highways and sewers to an adoptable standard" at the earliest opportunity. Norma Bradford, who lives at the retirement village, said she was walking home on Tuesday last week when she tripped on an uneven surface at the entrance to Edward Parker Road. The 84-year-old was left with severe bruising and fractures in her right ankle and wrist and is currently unable to drive, cook, or use a pen. She went out for a walk to get some fresh air and make the most of the sun, but on her way home she walked a different route than she usually would. Unaware of a "dip in the road", she fell flat on her face.    Norma told Bristol Live: "I could feel blood dripping down my leg and my hands were sore. "I didn’t want my arm in plaster so I have to wear a splint for six months; it could have been a lot worse, I did knock my nose slightly but it will get better." Stoke Gifford parish councillor Dr Anthony Hyde said that everybody is "fed up" and the roads are in a "terrible state". He estimates that around "half a dozen" emails are sent a day to Taylor Wimpey. Cllr Hyde said he was also informed about a pregnant woman who fell in the same spot as Norma several months ago. Cllr Hyde said: "They’ve basically taken their money and abandoned the site. "They’ve half finished bits and pieces, they need to come back and I would say it would take six months to do the work. "The residents say that Taylor Wimpey brushes over their complaints." Jon, who for professional reasons did not want to use his surname, lives in a new-build Taylor Wimpey property with his wife and two kids and said that the "appalling" road surfaces are "destroying" his car. Jon, who has lived in a new-build before, said he expected issues initially but after nearly two years, he is getting tired of it. Jon said: "When you first move in you expect a little disruption and it’s fine for a few months but after two years you get tired of it. "Our kids can’t play on the street, my daughter wanted roller skates but there’s no point, the road is a nightmare and it’s wrecked our wheels." Jon said that his family and their neighbours have also faced multiple issues with the houses as well. Another resident who lives nearby, but does not want to be named, has shown Bristol Live an email from Taylor Wimpey in which they offered her a pay-out after the roads caused damage to her car. A Taylor Wimpey spokesperson said: "We understand the concerns of residents regarding the completion of the public highways and sewers at Scholars Chase and we are very sorry to hear that a resident has suffered injuries following a fall. "Health and safety is our priority and we investigate every incident of this nature that is reported to us. "Since completing the final homes at the development in December 2022 we have been carrying out minor works ahead of a larger programme of works to bring the public highways and sewers to an adoptable standard. "We are committed to completing this programme at the earliest opportunity and we will shortly be writing to all residents with an update on the works required."