Liverpool have been told to ditch a move for Mason Mount in favour of signing England team-mate Jude Bellingham. Former Three Lions striker Darren Bent believes Bellingham would be the much better signing for the Reds. Jurgen Klopp is expected to complete a major overhaul of his midfield in the summer. Liverpool have been linked with a £120million move for Bellingham and a separate deal for Chelsea star Mount, who will have just 12 months remaining on his Blues contract come June. But ex-striker Bent is certain that Liverpool will only go for one of the England World Cup stars. The 39-year-old has urged the Anfield hierarchy to prioritise teenage sensation Bellingham over Mount. “Mason Mount is a funny one because Liverpool are sniffing. Mount’s a good player but you can’t get them both. If you can get Bellingham or Mason Mount, you’re going Bellingham, right?” Bent said on talkSPORT. JUST IN: Liverpool told terms for 'mutual agreement' sacking of Jurgen Klopp Liverpool are set to rival Real Madrid for Bellingham in the summer. He will cost a club-record fee north of £100m. Some reports have suggested that the former Birmingham prospect has already turned down offers from Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain. He is said to prefer a move to Liverpool or Madrid. Bent thinks Arsenal could enter the race, especially if they win the Premier League title. But he says that Liverpool are the team who need Bellingham the most. The former Aston Villa attacker continued: “He’s going to have the pick of where he goes. I would love to see him at Arsenal, if not Real Madrid. But the team that needs him the most is Liverpool. Look at their midfield. Jordan [Henderson] is obviously the captain but he’s getting on with age. DON'T MISS...Ange Postecoglou has already discussed Liverpool jobLiverpool ace Naby Keita 'on the verge of leaving' as part of overhaulEx-Liverpool duo call for trophy parade as Man City 'face penalty' “Thiago’s never really been blessed with speed, Naby Keita looks like leaving because his contract’s up, Milner can play in there, Curtis Jones. They’ve got all these players, but they’re the team that need him the most. “That could be the one where it could all fall to pieces at Liverpool. If he [Klopp] goes to the board and says, ‘Bellingham wants to come to us but we need £120m.’ “If he says we need him and Liverpool say no and don’t back him there’s going to be a big problem, because Jurgen Klopp will go ‘what am I doing here then? We’ve got one of the best talents in Europe if not the best wanting to come to our football club, we need to make that happen.'”