Supermarkets across the country are currently being hit with a wave of shortages with shops such as Asda and Morrisons introducing rationing. The former is now capping sales on the likes of tomatoes, peppers, and lettuce to three per customer with the latter now limiting items such as cucumbers to two per person. According to some experts, this "storm" has been a long time brewing with fingers now being pointed at the Government and Brexit. A staggering 95 percent of the UK’s tomatoes come from Spain and North Africa over the winter months. Similarly, 90 percent of the lettuce on British plates also comes from these warmer climates, according to the British Retail Consortium. However, Spain, as well as Morocco, have been hit with a bout of bad weather. In December it was too warm meaning crops had trouble flowering. This was then followed by freezing temperatures, meaning crops simply did not grow. Not only this but Southern Europe and Northern Africa were subjected to heavy floods meaning supply issues were compounded by ferry cancellations. In short, they cannot afford it. The industry has been hard hit by rising costs, forcing them in turn to demand higher returns for fresh produce. The issue began in December when British suppliers began to ask for more money in order to cover costs. Supermarkets then began looking for cheaper produce, Lee Stiles, secretary of the Lea Valley Growers Association (LVGA) explained. Typically, growers based in the UK would plant in December with crops now being ready now. But he told ITV News this week: “They weren't able to achieve the economic price for doing so with the supermarkets, they've delayed their planting until mid to late February, which means they [crops] will not be ready until March. “The supermarkets decided not to pay the cost of production price for British growers and instead decided to import more cucumbers, tomatoes, and peppers from overseas.” This, coupled with the bad weather, has created the “perfect storm”. READ MORE: Rationing of fruit and veg in UK supermarkets to 'last for weeks'    Minette Batters, President of the National Farmers’ Union, warned that rising costs could see further items rationed such as potatoes, cauliflower, and purple sprouting broccoli in an interview with Sky News. She added: "This is, of course, all driven by the price of gas, which has come down, but is still three times higher than it was in 2019." Professor Jim Monaghan, who specialises in crop science and fresh produce, similarly told BBC Radio 4’s Farming Today on February 21: “It’s been a really difficult time… “The cost of fuel is very high. If you’re going to put the crop in early, you need to heat the glasshouse. I know a number of growers in the UK who have either not planted and some have gone out of business but others where they’ve just held back their plantings to try to let the weather warm up a bit so they have to pay less to heat their structures.” DON'T MISS: Warning as food poisoning outbreak confirmed in town [REPORT]Putin's claims that sanctions have had little impact fact-checked  [INSIGHT]What Americans really think of Harry and Meghan South Park appearance [EXCLUSIVE]  Although Brexit is not generally thought of as the crux of the issue, fingers have been pointed either partly or solely in its direction, as well as toward the Government. Professor Monaghan continued: “I haven’t spoken to a business who’s said Brexit has made it easier. There’s a range of opinions on the extent of the problem. Getting hold of labour has become more difficult, and moving crops between Europe and the UK has become more difficult, but there are some other issues that are not Brexit related.” For example, he pointed towards the fact that there have been issues at the Calais border due to strikes. Yet, others have parked their blame firmly on Britain’s exit from the EU three years ago. Chair of Save British Farming Liz Webster said in a video, shared on February 22, that the food shortages are not being seen in Spain “or anywhere else in the European Union”. She added: “The reason that we have food shortages in Britain… is because of Brexit, and also because of this disastrous Conservative government that has no interest in food production, farming or even food supply.” Similarly, Former Sainsbury’s CEO Justin King also blamed Brexit, stating that the sector had been “hurt horribly” by the departure when speaking to LBC.