A London firefighter took a selfie for his Tinder profile showing him posing in front of Grenfell Tower straight after 2017’s tragic blaze, a London Assembly meeting has been told. The disturbing incident was relayed to members during a meeting in the aftermath of the publication of a review into the culture of the London Fire Brigade, which concluded the organisation to be “institutionally misogynist and racist”. Report author Nazir Afzal, speaking yesterday, said he continued to receive evidence of poor behaviour even after the release of the document. He explained: “In the immediate aftermath of Grenfell while the fire had just been raging, a male firefighter had a selfie taken of himself outside the building which he then used as his Tinder profile. “He was quickly told to get rid of it, he was subsequently given, I understand, words of warning. The question you have to ask yourself is, How do you feel entitled to do that? “Why did he feel entitled to do that when 72 lives had been lost in the building, including 18 children and he felt what was more important was how he would look to other women on his social media site.” Mr Afzal, a former chief prosecutor who has in the past been included on an Al Qaeda hitlist, admitted he had sought counselling after hearing harrowing testimony from firefighters about the LFB’s culture. The review was triggered by the death of serving firefighter Jaden Francois-Esprit, whose mother was listening from the public gallery. LFB Commissioner Andy Roe said: “I can only apologise to you and your family. The London Fire Brigade let you and your son down in almost every aspect. “Seeing you here, I can only apologise to you now for the public record and hope that this report and the action we will take a subsequent stand as some sort of recompense for the terrible loss you have endured.” There were two complaints against London firefighters for which potential criminal investigations could be launched, the assembly was told. Responding to questions, Tim Powell, the Brigade’s Director of People said: “They are people that have done things that have the potential to be criminal acts. “We have been made aware of them and we’re conducting our own investigations in terms of suitability for employment. The police are doing a separate investigation in terms of whether they should be prosecuted.” Both cases were recent, while another incident has recently come to light which was historical, Mr Powell said. Commissioner Roe admitted: “It will not surprise me if we do end up with complaints that result in criminal investigations.”