Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp bluntly told his players that will not allow them to lose confidence despite their humiliation by Real Madrid in the Champions League. The Reds had got off to the perfect start after going 2-0 up within 14 minutes but capitulated in the moments after, shipping five goals in one of their biggest-ever European defeats at Anfield. Liverpool fans could not believe their eyes when goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah gave their side an early lead. However, they were quickly brought back down to earth after a double from Vinicius Jr levelled the scoreline before half-time before an Eder Miltao header and Karim Benzema brace condemned the Reds in the second period. Klopp was not afraid to make his views clear to his players after the game but implored them not to lose all their confidence as a result of the defeat. Liverpool may have little chance of winning silverware this season but they still have to fight for a top-four place in the Premier League. “I can see that people think that,” he told reporters when asked if his player’s confidence would suffer. “Understandable but that’s actually not allowed. I told the boys directly after the game. This is a different thing that happened tonight. It’s one result which is exactly the opposite of what we want.” JUST IN: Michael Owen leaves Champions League fans perplexed with Nunez comment Despite the difficult circumstances Klopp pledged to take something from the loss and will look to utilise his findings throughout the rest of the campaign. “A defeat is a defeat if you don’t learn from it. If you don’t learn from tonight that the first half was outstanding, the way we played it was us in a nutshell. It was us how we want to be and that’s what we want to keep doing. DON'T MISS...Jordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid lossCarragher goes in on Liverpool and Van Dijk after Real Madrid defeat “If we now allow this one game to be influential, we are really silly. We have a few days where we make sure we take the right things out of the game. Yes, we have to improve. Third goal, massively. First goal, massively. “But we have to take the good things as well. It would be horrible if we don’t do that. The intensity, the effort we showed, the football we played. Pretty much everything we want to see from ourselves. We have to make sure that we keep that. 5-2 could be damaging but I hope I can make sure that isn’t happening.”