Former American tennis player Mary Joe Fernandez believes that Coco Gauff should take a break from her playing career to work on her forehand. At just 18, Coco Gauff has an impressive striking technique capable of catapulting her to the top of the tennis world. Her forehand is a combination of power, technique and accuracy. Every shot she makes is calculated and her follow-through is strong. However, she has lost some of her matches where her forehand has let her down. According to Fernandez - formerly No 4 in the world - Gauff can afford to take time off due to her young age - and it would not have a negative impact on her career. On a recent episode of the 'Holding Court with Patrick McEnroe' podcast, the American claimed that Gauff needs to take time off in order to come back stronger. Throughout the podcast, the two-time doubles Grand Slam champion affirmed that, if Gauff can master her forehand, she will be an unstoppable force. She said: "I guess for me I feel like she’s still young enough. I feel like she’s still so young that taking six months off, eight months off wouldn’t be the end of the world for her. "Her serve Patrick is big, I mean when you see it live she’s got a big first serve. So if she figures out how to manage and improve the forehand all of a sudden it becomes a weapon where she serves and she can actually run around and attack with that side. It becomes a game changer." With continued practice and development, Gauff has the potential to become one of the top tennis players in the world. The 18-year-old rose significantly into the spotlight during 2022 and reached a career-high of fourth in the world rankings after a strong year on the court. She first burst onto the scene when she picked apart 23-time Slam winner Venus Williams in straight sets during her opening match at Wimbledon in 2019. As well as noteworthy performances, the star is widely recognised as one of the most fearsome servers in tennis - and for good reason. At last year's US Open, she clocked the third-fastest serve in women's history during her second-round win over Elena-Gabriela Ruse. Her 128mph serve was marginally behind Venus Williams' 129 mph one in 2007 and Alycia Parks' effort at the same speed during last year's US Open.