Harry has used his explosive memoir, which was released last month, to hit back at Prince William's claims that he gave him their mother, the late Princess Diana's engagement ring. Following the Prince and Princess of Wales' engagement announcement in November 2010, it was reported that Harry had shared a "tender moment" with his elder brother, prior to William's engagement. Writing in his memoir, the 38-year-old stated that the claims that he gave Diana's ring to William were "absolutely rubbish". The Duke adds: "I never gave Willy that ring because it wasn’t mine to give. He already had it. "He’d asked for it after Mummy died, and I’d been more than happy to let it go." Harry recalled that it was "news to me" after only seeing that his brother and sister-in-law were getting married after the official Palace statement was released. READ MORE: Prince Harry's staff speak out on memoir congratulating him on 'honesty, humour and light' Harry wrote in Spare: "All that time together in Lesotho, [William] had never mentioned it." He wrote: "The papers published florid stories about the moment I realised Willy and Kate were well matched. "The moment I appreciated the depth of their love and thus decided to gift Willy the ring I’d inherited from Mummy, the legendary sapphire, a tender moment between brothers, a bonding moment for all three of us, and absolute rubbish. "None of it ever happened." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'have blown it all' after Duke's quest for 'vengeance' against William Prince Harry also recalled a turbulent interaction with his elder brother in London in 2019. The 38-year-old claimed that a physical attack broke out between himself and William, as the brother's relationship fell apart over Harry's marriage to Meghan Markle. Harry recalled that William had physically attacked him, pushing him to the groud, which resulted in phyical injury. William, as claimed by the Duke of Sussex, had also reported described his sister-in-law as "abrasive" and "rude", much to Harry's dislike. DON'T MISS Meghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok  [WATCH]13 claims 'older woman' Sasha Walpole has made about Harry's virginity [REPORT]Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter [OPINION] The once-close relationship between the brothers began to decline further following Harry's royal exit in 2020. Harry and Meghan made the decision, in January 2020, to step down as senior royals and move to the US, with their young son Archie, who was less than a year-old at the time, in tow.