Mark Williams who plays the crime-solving priest in the hit BBC series made the revelation while discussing filming the show in the Midlands and its connection to classic cars of that era. The actor has played Father Brown since it first aired in 2013 and is celebrating its ninth season.  The comedian also revealed that he and his co-star have a love of classic cars and while filming for this series, they got the chance to drive some real beauties. He said of filming with the iconic motors: “The cars are great.” “We have terrific access to them because we’re so close to Coventry and Birmingham. “It’s where most of our good cars were made in the ’50s. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error “A lot of the people who own them and restore them remember them as kids. "So there's a great enthusiasm that we can tap into, but I get car envy because I've only got a bike!” He went on to explain that Tom’s passion for driving and classic cars started when he was a child. He said: “It's always great to work with Tom. He's a hoofer as well. He's a lovely mover, that boy!” “When he was a kid, he [Tom]wanted to be a racing driver. "He was quite good, but not quite good enough. So the car chases are good.” Mark’s praise comes after it was revealed that the actor suffered an embarrassing accident while filming for the mystery drama. DONT MISS: Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [LATEST] Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [NEWS] Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall [INSIGHT] The actor fell over while riding a bicycle in front of several amused staff in an onlooking hotel. Seeing the funny side of the accident he spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk, explaining: "With riding a bike, gravel is your enemy.” “I went to cycle in gravel and it got deeper. At one point we were using this hotel as part of the scene and I thought I would cycle out of shot.” "But, I ploughed into nine inches of gravel and just came to a stop and toppled sideways and fell over in the grass on the gravel!" Recalling the Incident the star took the fall on the chin and admitted that seeing someone laugh at his misfortune made his day. "There was a young guy who was working as a kitchen porter who could just see out of his sort of prison window," he added. "He absolutely killed himself laughing at me falling over. "I felt quite pleased because I definitely made his day and cheered him up. Father Brown Fridays on BBC1 at 1.45pm and is also available on BBC iPlayer