The shooter who killed three people and left five others critically wounded at Michigan State University last night has been named by authorities as 43-year-old Anthony McRae. Police at a news conference later Tuesday identified the gunman. They said he shot himself miles away from campus while being confronted by police.   Public records show a man with the same name, Anthony McRae, who would be 43 years old was previously convicted and incarcerated on a charge related to the possession of a firearm in Ingham County, Michigan 2019. Michigan State University is located in Igham County, the offender was released in 2021. Officials earlier said the gunman was not a student or employee and had no affiliation with the university. The shooting began Monday night at an academic building and later moved to the nearby student union, a popular gathering spot for students to eat or study. As hundreds of officers scoured the East Lansing campus, about 90 miles (145 kilometers) northwest of Detroit, students hid where they could. Four hours after the first shots were reported, police announced the man’s death. "This truly has been a nightmare we’re living tonight," said Chris Rozman, interim deputy chief of the campus police department. Dominik Molotky said he was learning about Cuban history around 8:15 p.m. when he and the other students heard a gunshot outside the classroom. He told ABC’s Good Morning America that a few seconds later, the gunman entered and fired three to four more rounds while the students took cover. "I was ducking and covering, and the same with the rest of the students. He let off four more rounds and when it went silent for about 30 seconds to a minute, two of my classmates started breaking open a window, and that took about 30 seconds to happen. There was glass everywhere," Molotky said. "After that, we broke out the window and I climbed out of there, and then I booked it back to my apartment," he said. He was unsure whether gunfire hit any of the students. Ryan Kunkel, 22, was attending a class in the Engineering Building when he became aware of the shooting from a university email. Kunkel and about 13 other students turned off the lights and acted like there “was a shooter right outside the door,” he said. "Nothing came out of anyone’s mouth" for over four hours, he said. "I wasn’t ready to accept that this is really going on next door,” Kunkel said. “This is supposed to be a place where I’m coming, learning and bettering myself. And instead, students are getting hurt." Anthony lives in a 960-square-foot home on the north side of Lansing, east of Capital Region International Airport. The home is owned by his father Michael McRae, and a chain link fence blocks off the front driveway. Megan and Tyler Bender, who live on the same street as Anthony McRae, said he moved in with his father about a year ago. They said Mike is a scrapper well-known in the neighbourhood. “He’s never done any harm to anyone,” Megan told the Detroit News. “He’s just an old man, minds his business.” Police had been called to the residence before because of the sound of gunshots, she added, saying Anthony would fire out of the back door of the home for what she believed to be target practice. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: News - Latest UK & World News Stories - Express.co.uk Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews