  Judge Robert Rinder, 44, sparked concern after sharing some pictures of himself in hospital with his 251,500 Twitter followers today. The star had appeared on Good Morning Britain just earlier today before he ended up being taken in for surgery.      Rob could be seen lying back in bed hooked up to a drip, as he explained what had happened in the caption. “Started the day holding politicians to account on ⁦@GMB and interviewing Lulu and Richie Sambora…” he wrote. “Finished it having a prolapsed disc in my back repaired & healed… “Life can change in a moment… Hold on to joy wherever you find it (thanks brilliant medical team).” (sic) READ MORE: Chris Packham suffered 'absolute hell' in childhood    One picture showed Rob looking tired out as he reclined against his pillows after the operation. The criminal barrister also shared a snap of himself giving his followers a big thumbs up to show he was alright. Rob could be seen posing beside Richie in another one of the photographs, while another screenshot showed him grilling Labour’s Angela Rayner. The popular star made waves on the ITV early morning show, hosting beside Ranvir Singh.      Rob didn’t hold back during the interview, interrupting Angela to make his point on multiple occasions. "I’m so sorry, I’m going to get into terrible trouble on social media, I don’t really care – these are not difficult questions,” he insisted. While at another point in the interview, he also snapped: "Cleaning up politics is important, I'm talking over you Angela Rayner because we don't have time, it's not a party political broadcast.” After Rob’s rollercoaster of a day, his followers took to the comments section to send him messages of support.    John Maguire penned: “True words and I feel you on back surgery.” “Get well soon,” added Graham Liver with a heart emoji. “Great news - get well soon!” wrote Suzanne Evans, as Barnaby Jameson added: “Get well soon, Rob!” Debbie wrote: “OMG Rob, I feel for you so much, just glad you've had it dealt with, it's a very painful condition, Now for you to rest and take it easy. Love Debs.” (sic)      “Wow. I heard how much pain you were in last Monday night,” commented Marcus Ardeman. “Absolute trooper to get through it. Wishing you a Speedy recovery.” Sam Coombs told Rob: “Best wishes for a speedy recovery. We need your voice of reason on our televisions, especially where politicians from all sides are concerned.” “Owww.. big big oww.. and glad you're being mended and healed. Best recovery wishes. You're a voice of sanity in a mad ole world.” Lynne added. (sic)   