Mason Mount wants to stay at Chelsea beyond his current contract despite talks continuing to stall and Premier League interest brewing. Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United are among Mount's suitors should he soon become available for a cut-price fee or free transfer. The 24-year-old attacker's current contract expires at the end of next season, and he has already reportedly rejected at least one extension offer. But he is keen to reach an agreement and continue his career at Chelsea, the club he joined as a six-year-old. According to 90min, negotiations over a new deal have proven challenging as Mount eyes terms that reflect his importance in Graham Potter's plans. The England international wants to be paid what he's worth as a regular starter for club and country. He also wants clarity on Chelsea's future direction but ultimately wants to continue his stay at Stamford Bridge, and communication lines remain open with the club. JUST IN: Man City boss Pep Guardiola issues threat to Mikel Arteta's Arsenal  The report adds that Chelsea understand Mount's importance, especially as a homegrown player, and tieing him down to an extension is Todd Boehly's current focus. But the sharks are circling in the form of the Blues' Premier League rivals, with Liverpool, Man City, United and Newcastle United monitoring his situation. Chelsea are also aware that unsuccessful talks with Mount could impact their summer pursuit of West Ham United captain Declan Rice. They are expected to challenge their London rivals Arsenal to sign Rice, one of Mount's best friends, but any sour feeling with their current No 19 could tarnish their hopes. DON'T MISS David Coote named Carabao Cup final ref and Newcastle fans are fumingLeeds next manager - Whites take massive Michael Skubala Everton riskSouthampton next manager - Jesse Marsch 'verbally accepts' job Chelsea will hope to persuade Mount to commit his future to the club in the coming months, so they can turn their attention towards addressing other squad members in the final 18 months of their deals. Cesar Azpilicueta, Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Mateo Kovacic, Christian Pulisic and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang are all in the same boat. Potter will have the final say on player contracts as he prepares for his first full season at the helm in west London. And he is likely to be desperate to retain Mount among his ranks as he continues to mould the Chelsea squad to his liking. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here