Arthur Thomas (played by Alfie Clarke) has been struggling on Emmerdale in recent months due to being bullied at school over his sexuality. The youngster told Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) he was gay before he opened up to his mother Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) who were both very supportive. He and schoolmate Marshall Hamston (Max Fletcher) have been wrestling over their feelings for each other on the soap, but the latter's father has been making things difficult after expressing homophobic views. During Tuesday's episode of Emmerdale, Marshall denied having romantic feelings for Arthur in some heartbreaking scenes. Marshall cruelly pranked Arthur when he came out as gay but the teens clearly have strong feelings for one another. However, every time there is a moment between the pair and they grow closer something or someone gets in the way. The main person getting in the way is Marshall's homophobic father Colin who has tried to put a stop to the boys seeing each other. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed' When he caught the boys hanging out together in recent scenes, he dragged his son away and warned him against seeing Arthur again. Clearly torn, Marshall felt forced to push Arthur away from him to please his father. Marshall delivered a huge bombshell on the latest instalment of the ITV soap when he revealed to Arthur his father was sending him to boarding school. He's set to remain there for the remainder of his education, leaving Arthur heartbroken and begging him not to go. Marshall continued to downplay their relationship as Arthur struggled to come to terms with his news. He told a tearful Arthur about their romance: "It's all in your head." Marshall cuttingly said "nothing would have happened" if he stayed in the village. Could this mean Marshall is being written out of Emmerdale?  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [UPDATE]Emmerdale double exit after Cain Dingle warning [LATEST]Emmerdale's Laura Norton and Mark Jordon share kids' genetic condition [INSIGHT] Emmerdale fans flocked to Twitter to comment on the heartbreaking scene between the pair, with some predicting boarding school will be harder for Marshall than staying in Emmerdale. @Spartacus2963 penned: "Marshall might be worse off at boarding school… #Emmerdale." Kayleigh Natasha begged: "Can Marshall just rebel against his dad please #Emmerdale?" Jehan remarked: "Marshall's homophobic dad is stupid or he's fooling himself if he thinks there's no chance of Marshall meeting someone else who's gay at boarding school. #Emmerdale." (sic) Doreen Morfitt penned: "So does Marshall's dad think that boys in boarding schools aren't gay then?" Ben Powell said: "On no Marshall’s going away heartbroken. Arthur will not let that slip away without a fight - he’s an activist now #Emmerdale." @Onelifee3 commented: "I understand Arthur wants to support Marshall. But pressuring him into coming out is not right #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 