A truly nightmare scenario that makes Operation Market Garden, the assault on Arnhem in the Second World War, look like a military triumph. And as frightening as it is unbelievable, as you read this it is the reality facing the British armed forces today. The looming crisis was blown open last week after rumours started to swirl that no extra funding has been earmarked for the military in next month’s budget. Facing fiscal pressure from every conceivable angle, unresolved pay demands across much of the public sector and debt payments that each month represent more than the gross domestic output of many developed nations, there’s precious little for Chancellor Jeremy Hunt to work with. However, what he either needs to remember or must be reminded of is the following: there is no more important role for any government to fulfil than to protect the nation and its citizens. So when a retired senior British army and Nato officer sounds the alarm, it is well worth listening. General Sir Richard Shirreff was Nato’s Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and he left little room for doubt last week when he said “our Army has been hollowed out”, which means “Britain is more vulnerable than it has been at any time since the 1930s”. Sir Richard added: “As it stands we no longer have the troops, the kit or the ammunition to defend ourselves. It is a truly perilous and unforgivable situation.” A study of the facts and figures only serves to underscore the General’s claims. On the ground, the number of troops has slipped to 73,000, the lowest since Waterloo. At the time of the Falklands War it was a more healthy 163,200. The number of tanks at their disposal is 227, although that is to be cut to 148 and from that depleted total 14 have been promised to the Ukrainian army. In 1990 there was a far more impressive 1,200 tanks. To the skies, and the number of active aircraft has nose-dived from 998 in 2006 to just 479 today, and the picture on the high seas is little better. In 1982 the number of the overall fleet, comprising aircraft carriers, destroyers and frigates, and other vessels stood at 164. Today it has sunk to just 72. Our generosity towards Ukraine has been exemplary and Britain is the largest military donor, having spent £2.3billion last year and on track to spend the same if not more this year. This support has without doubt been crucial and it’s not unreasonable to suggest Russian tanks would be on the streets of Kyiv without it. But this largesse also adds to the holes being left on the home front. Nevertheless, President Volodymyr Zelensky’s request for fighter jets must be granted. A number of military experts concur that with the exception of the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962, the world has never been a more dangerous place. Russia is led by a brutal dictator who has readily sacrificed thousands of his own citizens on a doomed dream of expansion. China continues to assert itself, has covetous eyes on Taiwan and is brazen enough to fly spy balloons over the US. North Korea is controlled by a posturing madman and Iran continues to fund terror groups across the world. And that’s not to mention cyber warfare. It’s often been said “there’s no votes in buying bullets,” but Rishi Sunak must instruct the Chancellor to find the cash. We might have some of the best trained and most effective soldiers, sailors, airmen and women on the globe. But denying them the kit they need is nothing short of a governmental dereliction of duty. At first my heart soared – as I’m sure many of yours did too. The utterly brilliant comedic gem from the latter half of the last century was to return to TV. Not only had it been voted best comedy show in history, one Bafta survey even had Fawlty Towers as the finest television programme of all time! Co-creator John Cleese revealed he was teaming up with actress daughter Camilla to bring the show back, with Cleese reprising the Basil Fawlty role, but in a totally different setting and coping with the challenges of our time. But as reality dawned my smile began to fade... there could be no more gags about Germans and the war, incompetent Irish builders or ridiculing a Spanish waiter. Beating a broken down car with a branch could upset domestic violence campaigners and some of the Major’s language about ethnic minorities would probably lead to questions being asked in parliament. It’s remarkable how TV comedy has changed in a little over 40 years. The problem is, virtually all of that change has been no laughing matter. Literally. The Church of England confirms consultation will take place during the spring over whether the issue of “gendered language” needs to be addressed. Ultimately, this might mean that using “He” or “Him” could be banned and the opening of the Lord’s Prayer – one that means so much to so many, that is repeated at times of celebration such as weddings and utter heartache such as funerals – would have to be reworked. “Our Father” would no longer be acceptable. If there was proof this stance from centuries past was stopping people from joining the church, this idea might have some merit. As it is, it appears to be another move from a church who’s response to dwindling numbers is to become ever more supine. Few countries on the planet offered assistance to the victims and survivors of the earthquake on the Turkish and Syrian border as quickly as Israel, and at the last count nearly 400 soldiers from the IDF (Israeli Defence Force) had been despatched. We must extend every prayer and wish to everyone involved. But it’s also worth remembering Syria is at war with Israel and the Turkish government despises them. Which nation emerges best from this, do you suppose? For once it’s not me making the argument, rather someone in a far more influential position. General Sir Gordon Messenger has written a report into the leadership of the health service, concluding it needs reform and better management, not endless amounts of money. If only our deluded politicians who seek to play “top trumps” with the necessary funding would stop for once and listen. How intriguing that revelations from Prince Harry, who has been a ceaseless campaigner for the privacy of the individual, have forced a happily married 40-year-old mother-of-two to come forward and admit she was the woman who took his virginity. Harry neither warned the woman in advance, nor sought her permission. Doubtless he’ll be blaming the media and blithely ignoring the reality that no one would have known about the story had he not put it in his tiresome book. Is anything more suitable for Valentine’s Day this Tuesday than something pink and fizzy? The Mionetto Prosecco Rosé delivers a taste usually associated with a much more costly wine, and is £11 at Slurp.co.uk.