In recent scenes, Emmerdale favourite Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) witnessed Caleb (Will Ash) winding up Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) in The Woolpack. The duo have clashed several times since Will discovered Caleb was going into business with his wife Kim Tate (Claire King). However, things came to a head when Will discovered Caleb making himself comfortable at Home Farm. When Caleb first arrived in the village, Cain threatened to kill him if he didn't leave his family alone. However, the mechanic took an unexpected U-turn when he suddenly came around to the idea that Caleb was there to stay. They have even spent some time together, although, fans aren't buying it and believe Cain is getting close to Caleb to expose who he really is. "The lord of the manor is here," Caleb said as Will walked into the pub. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments As Caleb began to taunt Will, he fired back: "Give it a rest, will you? "You were out of order and you know you were." "Has he been bothering you?" Cain chimed in as Caleb replied: "Ah, just a friendly disagreement." "He is way too easy to wind up," Caleb added as Will went to sit down. When asked what he'd done, the newcomer explained: "Nothing really. "He's just getting all worked up about me using his gaffe as an office." "Are you sure you know what you're doing?" Cain said as he warned Caleb about Kim. Following the episode, fans took to social media to share their thoughts on the storyline. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Neville Parker 'framed' by close colleague  [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [NEWS]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as Mandy Dingle star drops clue  [SPOILERS] Many seem to think Cain is being nice to Caleb, only to bring him down. Ryan Glendenning wrote: "Just wait until Cain finds out who Caleb really is? #Emmerdale." Chris P tweeted: "#Emmerdale really hope whatever Cain is planning for Caleb isn't the usual b****y letdown we've become used to." "#emmerdale I can't wait for Cain Dingle to find out he brother Caleb working for Will Taylor's wife Kim Tate and Cain will find out soon and I can't wait for this," Lizzie Edwards added. (sic) Jamal went on to say: "Cain, Cain, Cain, you can see what Caleb is doing, play the flaming game." Margery Orpe said on a Facebook fan page: "Caleb is going to trip up and Cain will realise something is not right that’s my version." Marie Dawson replied: "Totally agree. I think Cain may have already found something in Caleb's car last night. Funny he was in the car on his own then wanted to become friends." (sic) @realgmg67 added: "Cain, knows what Caleb, does! #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.