On Thursday's instalment of This Morning, presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield discussed the cost of actors' homes in the USA. However, ITV viewers were quick to condemn the segment, urging the hosts and producers to "read the room" as the cost of living crisis continues to impact Britons.  "Shall we start with what looks like a wonderful place to stay, although it's rather expensive," Phillip noted. "Kevin Costner's ranch." The Hollywood actor's 160-acre ranch in Colorado could be rented for an eye-watering £29,200 per night. Holly asked about singer Britney Spears who is selling her mansion in Calabasas, California, which has been relisted for £9.69million. Phillip told ITV viewers: "The reason we've got some fairly strange prices, like who would sell their house for £13.79million, is because they were listed in US dollars and we have converted them to the UK. READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah   "I am sure they are round numbers over there," the host added before they discussed Helen Mirren's property value. The legendary actress' home in the Hollywood hills had a price tag of £13.79million. They carried on discussing the cost of other A-listers' homes, but This Morning viewers felt the segment was out of touch with the economic climate. Many fans took to Twitter to vent their frustrations as the cost of living crisis continues to pinch.   @MissLionHeart fumed: "Read the room much @thismorning ?#ThisMorning. Meanwhile, @Borisnose2 added. "Dear #thismorning... We are struggling to heat our homes and feed our families. "We don't give two solitary f***s about Hollywood homes. Read the room you trolling b******s. Kind regards, Twitter." (sic) @HEGATTY68 penned: "At the beginning of the show you were showing bailiffs invading people's homes because they can’t afford to pay their bills. Now you are showing overprivileged celebs' homes… @thismorning read the room #ThisMorning." (sic) DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield mocks Molly-Mae in swipe at newborn’s name [UPDATE]John Lydon breaks down as he speaks on wife's Alzheimer's [LATEST]Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [INSIGHT] @TraylorHolmes sarcastically said: “'Here are some more celebrities' homes for sale that none of you can afford' #ThisMorning." (sic) @KristaDrei noted: "Never understood the obsession with what celebs' homes look like #ThisMorning." A furious @LukeelkinsTV added: "Slightly disgusting to see #ThisMorning showing million/billion-pound houses when so many can’t afford to eat and have gas and electricity #CostOfLivingCrisis." This Morning has been contacted for comment by Express.co.uk over the matter.  It is not the first time This Morning has come under fire for being "out of touch" with viewers. Last summer, fans hit out after Hollywood chef Wolfgang Puck suggested using caviar or salmon eggs as a pizza topping. Wolfgang told Holly and Phillip: "You can use lumpfish roe, but I am giving caviar to you as I know you are important here so you get the best." This Morning continues on weekdays from 10am on ITVX and ITV. 