Jenna MacGillivray shot to fame when she starred in the first-ever series of Below Deck Sailing Yacht in 2020. Working as the Chief Stewardess, Jenna was in charge of the rest of the crew as they travelled around Greece, determined to impress their guests as well as have a good time. Three years on, and Bravo viewers are keen to know what Jenna's life looks like now away from the show. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Below Deck Sailing Yacht.Fans of Below Deck Sailing Yacht will remember Jenna's romance with chef Adam Glick was central to the first season. Unfortunately, the pair broke up once the charter season was over and before the reunion which aired in June 2020. A year after their split in September 2021, Jenna made it public on Instagram that she didn't want to "post pics of the men in [her] life that she dates." This did change, however, when she started dating a man who has since become her fiancé. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue Below Deck Sailing Yacht star Jenna MacGillivray is engaged to someone called Dave Cartmill.It isn't clear how long they had been dating but she started sharing pictures of them together in February 2022.His own Instagram account is private so little is known about the man who swept Jenna off her feet.Just six months after going public with Dave, Jenna did confirm that they were going to get married. On August 13, 2022, Jenna posted a photo of her and Dave, while also giving a glimpse of her gorgeous ring. She posted: “It took me a long time to find true comfort and happiness with myself independent of anyone else. “I’m forever thankful I loved myself enough to stay alone long enough to wait for the best person I could have ever imagined for me. Exploding.” Understandably, her fans, as well as Below Deck alumni couldn't wait to congratulate the pair. DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' [UPDATE]Below Deck’s Sandy Yawn faces calls to be ‘fired’ [EXPLAINER]Below Deck Adventure’s Faye pays tribute to Captain Kerry Titheradge [TRIBUTE] Captain Glenn Shephard wrote: "So happy for you guys", whereas Colin Macy O'Toole said: "Congrats girlie!". There were also celebratory messages from other Below Deck stars such as Jessica More, Dani Soares and Ciara Duggan. Before getting engaged, Jenna had done plenty of travelling after the show and co-hosted the Wild Loner podcast until the spring of 2021. Fans will be thrilled to learn that there will be plenty more to come from the reality series in the near future. Bravo confirmed in 2022 that Below Deck Sailing Yacht had been renewed for a fourth outing. It was explained that the new series would come out sometime in 2023. However, as of yet, no official release date for the spin-off has been announced. Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available to watch on Bravo.