A young woman claims her fans tell her she looks just like Kate Middleton. Karrie Louise Twyford has a huge number of followers on the social media app TikTok, where she shares her style and beauty videos. The TikToker posted a video with the caption: "My followers, 'You look like a young Kate Middleton!' The clip had over 300K views on the app and a fierce debate broke out in the comments. Not every user agreed Karrie shares a resemblance to Catherine, Princess of Wales. "Said no one ever lol," one user wrote. Another, Chloe, wrote: "You’re very pretty but I don’t think you look like her but you do resemble Beatrice." Sasha wrote: "Is this a joke? She is super pretty, but I really don't see it." Another wrote: "You definitely do not!!!" But some TikTok users were adamant the content creator does look just like the royal and mother-of-three. Eleanor wrote: "Don't listen to these comments, I think you absolutely do!" READ MORE: Inside neighborhood where Meghan Markle grew up in $1,098,200 home & prices average $1.42M Collette Ní Chiardha added: "A lot of these comments are a prime example of 'if you’ve nothing good to say, say nothing at all!' I think you look like her 100%! Stunning." Nichola Snape wrote: "I came here from the video of you looking all sad saying it was a joke and at first I didn't see it but I looked up pictures and it's the way the apples of your cheeks look so cute when you smile." Hannah Page said: "Stunning and I think you look exactly like her resemblance is uncanny and she is an icon just like you." Maya: "I see it a lil in the nose and eye shape. Your stunin tho." [sic] Suzanne Carr wrote: "I’d way rather look like you than Kate! You are stunning." DON'T MISSMartha Stewart anti-aging 'rules' after age-defying selfie [BEAUTY] Mum, 40, shares her genius, homemade anti-aging tricks [TIKTOK] 'Taylor Swift hates Jill Biden?' Questions over Grammys clip [FURY] Sadly, the TikToker experienced some hate for posting the original video. She posted another video and wrote: "Realising people hate you because you're a young Kate Middleton lookalike." She then posted a sad video with tears in her eyes, writing: "Guys I was only joking about the Kate Middleton comment..." TikTok commenter Rehanna Nasir responded: "But you do have a resemblance! That video has SO many likes. Don’t let a few bad apples stay on your mind." What do you think? Does this user really resemble the Princess of Wales? The story comes after a Meghan Markle lookalike went viral for her resemblance to the Duchess of Sussex. Sidney Beckles, 21, has gone viral on TikTok and has racked up over 654,000 views and 73,000 likes on TikTok after sharing various videos showcasing their resemblance. The caption of the video read: "Since almost everyone says I look like Meghan Markle, here's some pics where I kinda see it." One person asked: "Are you adopted?," while another said: "I didn’t even read the text and I straight away said she looks like Meghan Markle lol." [sic]