WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from The Apprentice. However, one candidate who was hoping for investment from Lord Alan Sugar surprises everyone by pulling out of the competition. BBC viewers will learn one candidate decides to stay in the UK and withdraw from The Apprentice due to health issues. Reece Donnelly has confirmed he quit the BBC business series as he was unable to complete the Dubai task. For week six, the candidates are tasked with putting on a corporate away day for two international clients based in the city. While one team shows off the glitz and glam of the city, the other goes for a more traditional approach in the desert. The team with the most profit at the end of the day that will win. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series But it was the end of the road for Reece before they even jet off as he confirmed: “I could not continue in The Apprentice due to being unable to complete the task in Dubai for health reasons.” He told the Daily Star: “My goal of being on The Apprentice was to showcase that Scotland has amazing businesses and entrepreneurs. I really hope I’ve done that. “I’ve thoroughly enjoyed my time on the show and I’m looking forward to watching my fellow candidates in the rest of the series. “I’m so grateful for my time with Lord Sugar and the team.” Reece is not the first contestant to withdraw from the series as Shannon Martin quit after just two weeks. Before even learning her team had won their task, the businesswoman told Lord Sugar she didn’t want to continue in the process. Shannon began having doubts about her participation, explaining: “During the bao bun task, I was there in the kitchen thinking ‘Why am I here? What am I doing here making bao buns in a kitchen when I can’t cook as it is?’ “I just really felt like I couldn’t focus on the tasks because I was constantly thinking about what was going on at home. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice winner with net assets worth £1.37million [LATEST]Lord Sugar won’t be 'sucked back' to 'non-enterprising' Labour party [UPDATE]The Apprentice star in talks for rival show after Lord Sugar jibe [EXCLUSIVE] “What’s happening with the business? Is everything okay? "I knew in the back of my mind that of course everything would be okay, the team are amazing. "But I’m a perfectionist, I need to know what’s going on all the time and not being able to know how things were going on at home or what was happening at work was really hard for me. The unknown is definitely not something I’m good at." Shannon added she “already has a very successful business” and “it was not right for me to stay in the process”. Whoever makes it past the Dubai task, they’ll be faced with another children’s focussed challenge in week seven. The synopsis for the next episode reads: “The teams design a new lunchbox and app to pitch to industry experts. “Poor decisions, dreadful execution and dodgy disclaimers result in one candidate being fired.” The Apprentice airs tonight on BBC One at 9pm.