Victoria Beckham shared a clip of her footballer husband David Beckham, 47, preparing pancakes, while he offered to drizzle them with his homemade honey. The Posh Spice star joked she “loves me some sticky stuff” while making a cheeky jibe as her other half dished up the pancake to furor on social media. Victoria could be heard saying: “So it's Pancake Day, and David is tossing away, that's impressive he is so good.” David then asked her: “Darling what do you want on your pancake? “Do you want some of that?” before holding up a jar of his own branded honey. Victoria then cheekily said: "I love me some sticky stuff, he is such a tosser," before struggling to contain her laughter. She captioned the post: "Tossing away in the kitchen! Happy Pancake day!! @davidbeckham." But it wasn't long before people on social media chimed in that the couple were actually eating crepes, not pancakes. eeniemenny remarked: "It’s not pancakes but crêpes lol." Another furious fan added: "It's NOT A PANCAKE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD."  jc14947 was frustrated over the Beckhams' cooking equipment, fuming: "Cook electric, not on a gas stove. Let’s save our earth!" Despite the backlash, it is unlikely Victoria indulged in many pancakes after being brutally honest in the past about her diet regime. In her 2001 autobiography, Learning To Fly, she wrote that her Spice Girls bandmate Geri Halliwell was to blame for her obsession with food. She said: "Geri would say things such as don't put sauces on food, low-fat things were just as good, and that I could try not eating quite so much. “The trouble is that when you start thinking like this, it's hard to stop ... I changed from someone who was dieting to lose a bit of weight to being obsessive. “I was shrinking, and the excitement at getting thinner quick took away the hunger." These days, she sticks to eating mostly a diet of fish and vegetables. She recently spoke on her Instagram story about her slim figure. Victoria said: “I'm no supermodel. I'm a mother with four children. I feel so blessed and so lucky. "I try to be as healthy as I can. I eat healthily and I work out regularly. "Do I love a few too many glasses of wine? Absolutely, because I think you have to have fun and you have to enjoy yourself." David has previously shared that his wife starts the day with avocado on Ezekiel bread before having a lunch of salmon sashimi. Her go-to dinner is always seabass and vegetables. She told Net-A-Porter: “There's such a difference in my skin when I eat healthy – my eyes are whiter and sparklier and I have so much more energy." She went on to share what she likes to tuck into, explaining: "I eat lots of fresh fish, fresh vegetables and salads, as well as seeds and nuts. I also love fruit but don't eat too much, as it can make me feel quite bloated."