A train carrying hazardous chemicals has come off the tracks 30 miles southwest of Detroit. The crash has come just 13 days after a freight train carrying vinyl chloride derailed along the Norfolk Southern Railway in East Palestine, Ohio. It is unclear what happened but police said there are no injuries. Congresswoman Debbie Dingell said in a statement: "We are also in touch with the relevant federal authorities, including the EPA. "At this time no one is aware of the release of any hazardous materials, the car carrying hazardous material has been put upright and is being removed from the area of the other derailed cars, and EPA is dispatching a team to ensure public safety." There are no reported signs of a chemical leakage following the crash. Police said roads will be closed in the area while they investigate the cause. READ MORE: Sperm donor wins custody of son after his two mothers split up Residents of the Ohio village upended by a freight train derailment packed a school gym on Wednesday to seek answers about whether they were safe from toxic chemicals that spilled or were burned off. Hundreds of worried people gathered to hear state officials tell them — as they did earlier in the day — that testing so far has shown local air is safe to breathe and to promise that safety testing of the air and water would continue. But residents had many questions over health hazards and they demanded more transparency from the railroad operator, Norfolk Southern, which did not attend the gathering, citing safety concerns for its staff. “They just danced around the questions a lot," said Danielle Deal, who lives about three miles from the derailment site. “Norfolk needed to be here.” In a statement, Norfolk Southern said it was not attending Wednesday's open house gathering with local, state and federal officials because of a “growing physical threat to our employees and members of the community around this event." Deal called that a “copout" and noted the seriousness of the incident. Deal and her two children left home to stay with her mother, 13 miles away “and we could still see the mushroom cloud, plain as day,” she said. DON'T MISS Tesla recalls 363k 'self driving' cars as system [BREAKING]Greene in brutal swipe at Nikki Haley as she rejects 'Bush in heels' [ANALYSIS]Man froze to death after being put in prison freezer as 'punishment' [INSIGHT] Wednesday's meeting came amid continuing concerns about the huge plumes of smoke, persisting odors, questions over potential threats to pets and wild animals, any potential impact on drinking water and what was happening with cleanup. Even as school resumed and trains were rolling again, people were worried. “Why are they being hush-hush?" Kathy Dyke said of the railroad. “They’re not out here supporting, they’re not out here answering questions. For three days we didn’t even know what was on the train." “I have three grandbabies,” she said. “Are they going to grow up here in five years and have cancer? So those are all factors that play on my mind.”