An 11-year-old boy has died from flesh-eating bacteria after a minor accident on a treadmill. Jesse Brown's leg was covered with "splotchy, purply, red, almost like bruises" just days after he twisted his ankle while on a running machine.  The Florida boy was rushed to the ICU and diagnosed with group A strep infection. The infection later developed into flesh-eating bacteria, which reportedly made the boy's brain swell. Jesse' cousin Megan Brown told Fox 35: "They said that because he rolled his ankle, that that’s likely where the infection attacked it, because it was already weak." She continued: "I just kept thinking of Bebe, his mom, because she’s my favourite, and my heart really broke for her."  JUST IN: UFO shot down by £335,000 fighter jet missile may have been £10 hobbyist balloon Megan also said that Jesse competed in BMX competitions and was described as an "old soul". She added: "He’s such a little adult, like, in this little, tiny body, you know?" WESH reported that Jesse was considered a miracle child as his parents struggled to get pregnant for a decade. An infectious diseases specialist warned group A strep can form from scrapes to larger wounds. READ MORE: 'Give me a break!' Joe Biden storms out of briefing after reporter questions China ties Dr Alan Cross, from the University of Maryland's Medical Center, claimed it can cause "very rapid infection" which can make it a "toxin". Cross said: "The bottom line here is that first properly clean the wound and then be able to watch it over time." Orlando-based paediatrician Dr Candice Jones also revealed there has been an increase in invasive strep A cases among children in the United States. She added: "Some of the speculations has been that some of those cases started after respiratory infections, and we had been seeing an uptick in those types of infections anyway post-pandemic."  DON'T MISSThe spy balloon scientist pulling the strings in ChinaChinese spy balloons 'hinting at first strike’ on nukesUS and China already in Cold War as negotiations 'not plausible' Lakemont Elementary School, where the 11-year-old was enrolled in the fifth grade, have started a memorial fundraiser. The school said: "While Jesse was a miracle to his parents and family, he was also a true blessing to his Lakemont family. "Jesse was kind and compassionate, looked out for others, adventurous and truly an amazing friend and classmate." 