Arsenal have been tipped to sign up to three players in the summer transfer window for boss Mikel Arteta, including West Ham captain Declan Rice. The Gunners bought Leandro Trossard, Jakub Kiwior and Jorginho in January to bolster their squad ahead of their title charge but failed to land their top targets. Arsenal were prepared to spend big on both Mykhaylo Mudryk and Moises Caicedo, but Chelsea hijacked their move for the Ukrainian winger and Brighton refuted the Gunners’ attempts to sign their midfielder. Jorginho was signed to cover the lack of quality in depth in midfield on a short-term basis, but Rice has been earmarked for the summer as a potential £70million signing. West Ham are resigned to losing their captain as Rice has rejected the chance to extend his deal at the club, while Arsenal are reportedly the frontrunner for his signature. Former Gunner Emmanuel Petit has claimed that he would “love” for Rice to move to the Emirates and also wants Arteta’s outfit to sign another central defender and potentially a striker. “I would love to see Declan Rice come to Arsenal and another central defender, because they are short of options over there,” Petit told Betway. “Maybe a striker too, but Eddie Nketiah has been doing very well. "Jesus is also going to come back from his injury. But in the summer they will need two or three more new players.I'm not necessarily Jorginho’s biggest fan, but he's a good player. I think with the way that Arsenal play, he can fit perfectly just in front of the defence. "I don’t think he will be a first team player because you have Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey and they have been in good form since the beginning of the season. He is definitely a good option in terms of squad rotation as Arsenal will be playing a lot of midweek games due to their cup runs. That's going to be a good option for Arteta.” Arsenal are reportedly interested in signing both Rice and Caicedo in the summer, despite signing Jorginho for an initial £10m on deadline day. Centre-back Kiwior was brought in from Spezia last month for £17.5m to add further depth in the heart of the defence as Arteta now has Gabriel, William Saliba, Ben White, Rob Holding, Takehiro Tomiyasu and Kiwior as options. While in attack Nketiah has deputised ably in Gabriel Jesus’ absence, though the Brazilian was also impressing in the first half of the season before he suffered an injury at the World Cup. Trossard and Gabriel Martinelli can both play as central strikers, while on-loan Folarin Balogun is the current Ligue 1 top scorer above Kylian Mbappe, Lionel Messi and Neymar and will return to the Emirates following his temporary spell at Reims.