A resignation letter was doing the rounds on social media yesterday but we all dismissed it as a clever hoax... largely on the grounds it didn't include an unfocussed tirade of hate against those b*stards in Westminster - which has become something of a hallmark of the erstwhile SNP boss. What is shocking is just how far and how fast this one-time untouchable politician has fallen. The morning after the 2019 General Election I predicted Sturgeon would be a much greater political threat to Boris Johnson's new Government than the Labour Party. Her grip both on the party and the Scottish nation seemed unassailable. And not without good reason, she was the most sure-footed politician of them all. You may have disagreed fiercely with her xenophobic nationalist party and its rantings but you had to admire her focus, her intellect and the way she corralled her support. It was exemplary politicking. Her rallying cry, like a poundshop Braveheart, was independence, independence, independence. But while she fancied herself as a Caledonian Liberty Leading the People she forgot to notice that Scotland was falling to pieces around her ears. The economy, schools, the health service, drugs... the things people actually care about because they have to, were all getting significantly worse under her leadership. And still she refused to see it. Then came the inexplicable wokeness. The infamous Gender Reform Bill, which the Scottish parliament describes thus: "The Bill changes the process to get a gender recognition certificate (GRC). A GRC is a certificate that legally recognises that a person’s gender is not the gender that they were assigned at birth, but is their 'acquired gender'." And this, by accident or design, has been all anyone has been talking about in Scottish politics for some time. How Sturgeon, who once knew her electorate so well, thought the shipyards of Govan and the fishermen of Aberdeen would get foursquare behind this is one of life's mysteries. As is her support, initially at least, of housing a rapist in a women's prison for entirely woke virtue-signalling reasons. A survey yesterday found that only 29 percent of Scots supported the Gender Recognition Reform Bill with 54 percent opposing it. Half of Scots also said Westminster was right to veto the legislation.  Then of course we come to Ms Sturgeon's obsession - Scottish independence. She just couldn't let it lie. Having been given a "once in a lifetime" referendum and Scotland having voted to stay in the union she continued to browbeat her electorate as if they were some kind of quisling traitors. "Independence, independence, independence" she squealed - when what the electorate wanted to hear was "good schools, good hospitals and safe jobs". In yesterday's survey only one in five Scots said they agreed with Ms Sturgeon’s plan to use the next general election as a “de facto” independence referendum. The sane, sensible voter knows there are much more pressing problems facing Scotland. So did she jump or was she pushed? There is no doubt she was facing significant pressure within the party to stand down, though we may have to wait for her memoirs to know for sure. In the end it was Nicola's hubris that did for her. When politicians start thinking they know better than the electorate the end is usually not far away. Scotland doesn't want virtue-signalling nor does it want independence - it wants politicians who make their lives better. Go woke go broke they say in Hollywood. The same applies to politics, it seems.