Thousands of households can get free energy-saving appliances this winter. The gadgets, which include slow cookers, air fryers and electric blankets, are being given out by councils and energy providers to help struggling residents. To qualify for the help, people will need to meet a certain criteria. The Household Support Fund was distributed by councils in England to directly help those who needed it most. Appliances being offered vary from council to council, so what someone can get depends on where they live. South Hams District Council is using part of its share of the HSF to give out free slow cookers, electric blankets and throws, and cookbooks to residents in need. The cookbooks also being handed out include recipes for residents to try with their slow cookers. South Dartmoor Community Energy (SDCE) has been distributing these goods on behalf of the council mostly via food banks. The items are given out as part of a package of energy advice and support. READ MORE: 'Whole system needs reforming': New call to means test state pension age as Budget looms Cooking demonstrations are also being provided to help residents learn how to use the cookers. People don't need to apply for the free gadgets, the council said it is working with local charities to give them out to those struggling. CamdenResidents in Camden can receive appliances to help them reduce costs such as a slow cooker, air fryer or microwave. People can apply for money from their Cost of Living Crisis Fund if they are in urgent need of financial help. Energy provider supportIf one’s local council doesn't provide them with appliances under the HSF, there are other options available to them.  READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues warning after 'devastated' woman loses 'all her savings' in scam Some energy companies are giving away freebies including electric blankets and smart thermostats. To help struggling households, Ovo Energy is handing out free electric blankets and smart thermostats to some of its 1.5 million customers. Claimants can get two electric blankets and one smart thermostat per household via their £50million customer support package. The support is available until March 31. When people apply for help, the supplier takes into account things like household and disposable income and medical needs. That means that not everyone who applies will get the package, and they might not get everything that is included. Octopus Energy is also giving away free electric blankets, which can cost between £30 and £100 usually. Octopus Energy sets no formal eligibility criteria. However the supplier has said that the blankets will only be available to people who will benefit from them most. This includes elderly people, or those with specific medical conditions which make them immobile, very unwell, or feel cold. Water companies are giving out free water - and energy - saving gadgets like regulated shower heads worth £20. People will need to visit the Save Money Save Water website where they will then need to fill in a short survey about their water usage. For more information about each appliance, Britons are encouraged to visit the necessary website.