Warren Zaire-Emery made European history on Tuesday night and has earned comparisons to Wayne Rooney from Chelsea hero Joe Cole. The teenager became the youngest player to start a Champions League knockout game when he lined up for Paris Saint-Germain against Bayern Munich aged just 16 years and 343 days. The midfielder has been impressing in Ligue 1, making 11 appearances so far this season, and was shown great faith by manager Christophe Galtier to start the huge match with the Germans. Zaire-Emery has already scored twice for PSG in the league and watching his first back, Cole noted how relaxed the teenager was on the momentous occasion. The former England star also compared the youngster to Manchester United legend Rooney due to his size and strength at such a young age. Appearing on BT Sport, Cole said: "He’s an incredible talent. Physically he reminds me of Wayne Rooney, the size of his thighs at just 16. He’s a man already. "We were talking about his mindset. Usually, when you score your first goal, you lost your mind completely, but he just strolls away, cool as you like. "His manager, Galtier, has said he’s not far off the level of his front three [Lionel Messi, Neymar and Kylian Mbappe]." Unfortunately, for the youngster, PSG were beaten 1-0 by Bayern, with former player Kingsley Coman scoring the only goal of the game. However, they remain very much in the tie as they prepare for the return leg in Munich on Wednesday, 8 March. Unsurprisingly, plenty of clubs have taken note of Zaire-Emery’s progress, with Arsenal reportedly one of a few to have an interest in signing him, but PSG have no intention of letting him go. A versatile midfielder with a knack for scoring goals, the teenager has starred at every level. He first caught the eye on a wider stage after helping lead France to the Under-17s European Championship in June 2021. Since then, he has worked his way through the club ranks, and started to earn regular minutes this year. Entering Tuesday, Zaire-Emery has made 14 appearances across all competitions, including three starts. He scored his first Ligue 1 goal against Montpellier, coming off the bench to seal a 3-1 win with a calm finish.