Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra is here. The South Korean firm just unveiled a follow-up to the Galaxy S22 Ultra, which launched in early 2022 and revived the much-loved S Pen stylus accessory from the ill-fated Galaxy Note range. Galaxy S23 Ultra keeps the same boxy design as its predecessor, as well as its palm-stretching screen size, cameras with a mind-boggling number of megapixels, and hefty price tag. Samsung unveiled its new S23 Ultra alongside the more affordable Galaxy S23 (we've also rounded up the best Galaxy S23 deals for you) and Galaxy S23 Plus, which arrive with 6.1-inch and 6.6-inch sized screens, respectively. All three of these handsets are powered with the same Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Galaxy – a supercharged version of the flagship chipset from US manufacturer Qualcomm – and are shielded by Gorilla Glass Victus 2, which promises better protection against scuffs, scratches, and drops. Below, you'll find all of the details on the Galaxy S23 Ultra, including release date and UK pricing, as well as the ultimate Galaxy S23 Ultra pre-order deals available. Scroll down for our complete guide or use the links to jump to the relevant section. The all-singing, all-dancing Galaxy S23 Ultra is the crown in the Galaxy S23 range. It packs a mammoth 6.8-inch OLED touchscreen with a 120Hz refresh-rate and 1440p resolution. That's bigger than the Galaxy S23 (6.1-inches) and Galaxy S23 Plus (6.6-inches) which both top-out at 1080p maximum resolution. You'll be able to draw, annotate, and make handwritten notes on that expansive screen using the latest generation of S Pen stylus. Hovering the S Pen over the screen unlocks new extra functionality, like the right-click on a mouse. The S Pen charges wirelessly whenever it's popped back inside the dedicated port. Inside the Galaxy S23 Ultra, you'll find the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Galaxy, a custom-designed version of the latest system-on-a-chip from Qualcomm. The US manufacturer says this is "the fastest Snapdragon ever," so expect lightning-fast loading times and game performance. In previous years, Samsung relied on its own in-house processors, dubbed Exynos, to power some Galaxy S devices in the UK and mainland Europe, while US customers enjoyed Qualcomm chipsets. This wouldn't have been an issue, except tests regularly showed that Exynos silicon was significantly slower than its Qualcomm-designed counterpart. Thankfully, that's a thing of the past now, with every new Galaxy S23 model arriving with the shiny new Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 for Galaxy under the bonnet. As well as a dramatic increase in gaming performance, Samsung says the new chipset should unlock faster 5G data transfer speeds, smarter AI, improved Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity. The new silicon promises to be more efficient which, coupled with the beefy 5,000mAh cell, should result in some solid battery life. Of course, we'll need to get our hands on the Galaxy S23 Ultra to test it ourselves, but Samsung says you can enjoy 26 hours of video playback before you'll need to worry about finding a charger. Galaxy S23 Ultra enjoys an impressive camera upgrade over the standard Galaxy S23 and Galaxy S23 Plus, thanks to the new 200-megapixel camera. This features a new Astro Hyerlapse mode, which Samsung has designed to take stunning shots of the stars. Night Mode also enjoys a quality bump thanks to the new 200-megapixel sensor, Samsung says. Budding Hollywood filmmakers can also shoot impressive videos in stunning 8K at 30 frames-per-second, with Super Quad Pixel technology that offers much better image stabilisation making home movies appear silky smooth. If you pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra, orders will ship between February 13 - 17, 2023. As such, you'll be one of the first to get your hands on the latest flagship phone. Prices for the Galaxy S23 Ultra start from £1,249 for 256GB of storage and 8GB of RAM, with 512GB / 12GB costing £1,399, and the maxed-out model with 1TB / 12GB priced at £1,599. Galaxy S23 Ultra is available in Green, Phantom Black (that's just plain ol' black to you and me), Lavender, and Cream. If you order from Samsung's online store, you'll have a choice of four additional colourways – Graphite, Sky Blue, Lime, and Red. For a limited time, Samsung has supercharged its trade-in offers, offering up to £600 off the Galaxy S23 Ultra when you ditch your current phone. Of course, that amount will vary based on the make and model of your handset. Helpfully, Samsung will discount the Galaxy S23 Ultra at checkout as soon as you pledge to trade-in an old handset, but you won't need to send off your current phone until after the new one has arrived in the post. That means you'll be able to transfer contacts, photos, games, apps and more. Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra was only announced this week, but there are already some astounding pre-order deals available. For a limited time, Samsung is offering its 512GB model with 12GB of RAM for the same price as the entry-level Galaxy S23 Ultra – so you'll get twice as much storage at no extra cost. The extra RAM promises to make juggling between dozens of apps and graphics-intensive games much smoother. If you want the maxed-out model, Samsung has slashed £100 off the cost. All Galaxy S23 Ultra pre-orders arrive with six months of Disney Plus for free. You'll be able to stream the latest must-see boxsets and blockbuster movies on your new phone, but the free subscription works on any device with a Disney Plus app, so you'll be able to watch on a Smart TV, console, Android tablet or iPad too. And finally, Samsung has bolstered its trade-in offers – with discounts of up to £600 available right now. Samsung will discount the Galaxy S23 Ultra at checkout as soon as you pledge to trade-in an old handset, but you won't need to send off your current phone until after the new one has arrived in the post. That means you'll be able to transfer contacts, photos, games, and apps from your current phone to your shiny new Galaxy S23 Ultra. MORE LIKE THIS