The scheme is available to women who are more than 10 weeks pregnant or parents who have a child under four. The support is intended to pay for healthy foods like milk or fruit and people can get free vitamins through the scheme. People can get £4.25 for each week of pregnancy from 10 weeks and then £8.50 a week for babies up to one year old. Families can then claim £4.25 a week for children up to four years old. Claimants are sent a Healthy Start card with money on it to use in some UK shops. The benefit is added to the card every four weeks. The money can be used to purchase items such as cow’s milk, fresh, frozen and tinned fruit and vegetables and infant formula based on cow’s milk. A family on Universal Credit can access the support if they earn £408 or less a month after tax. READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs  People on Child Tax Credit can get the support if they have an annual income of £16,190 or less. Those on legacy benefits will also qualify, including people on Income Support, Jobseeker’s Allowance and Working Tax Credit. NHS figures showed that in Blackpool, 72 percent of eligible families were receiving help through the scheme, reported LancashireLive. Clare Law, director of the Blackpool Centre for Early Child Development, commented: “Last year data from the NHS showed Blackpool was below the national average for uptake of this scheme, and it was apparent many families in the town were missing out on this extra support.  “It became a priority for us to change this, especially as the cost of living crisis deepened.” The team found some families struggled to understand the application forms so Better Start trains a team of specialists to work in the community. Ms Law said: “I am really encouraged by the figures released as they show the positive impact peer-to-peer support has.” Some 630 families could be missing out on the support in the town, with work being done to reach out to them. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost Dr Arif Rajpura, Blackpool’s director of public health, said: “Not only will this help with family household bills, but on average each of these families is missing out on at least £220 a year, and that equates to approximately £140,000 that could be injected into the local economy.” Some are calling for the scheme to be opened up to all families on Universal Credit who have a young child, and that payments should increase in line with inflation. Figures from First Steps Nutrition Trust found that between August 2021 and November 2022 the cost of infant formula increased by as much as 23 percent. Universal Credit payments are to increase in April with the start of the new tax year, when payments will go up by 10.1 percent. This was in line with last September’s figure for inflation. Many other benefits are also increasing by 10.1 percent, including Child Benefit and PIP. These are the new Universal Credit rates that will apply from April: