Bruno Fernandes has revealed how Erik ten Hag 'pulled apart' Cristiano Ronaldo, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho to lay down the law at Manchester United. The attacking midfielder has shed light on how the Dutchman asserted control behind the scenes at Carrington after arriving from Ajax at the end of last season before driving the Red Devils up the table. Fernandes says the key was that Ten Hag was not scared to knock the club's top players into line, willingly telling them how they can improve during training. The Portuguese international has paid tribute to his boss, revealing his no-nonsense coaching style saw him immediately gain the respect of his players at United. The playmaker told Rio Ferdinand during an interview for BT Sport: “He first arrived when we went on tour, and the first training sessions he had here after that [it was clear]. He demands. Either you do it or you are out. "So everyone at the beginning was like, ‘Will he really do it? If a big player doesn’t do what he wants, will he pull him apart?’ And he did it many times. He did it with Cristiano [Ronaldo], he did it with Jadon [Sancho], Marcus [Rashford] also.” READ MORE: Reason Erik ten Hag 'flunked final Tottenham interview' is now laughable at Man Utd Ronaldo was banished from the first team picture after he stormed down the tunnel before the full-time whistle in the 2-0 home victory over Manchester United. Despite later returning to the team, Ronaldo saw his contract ripped up in November after he criticised the club and declared he did not respect Ten Hag in an explosive sit-down with Piers Morgan on TALKTV. Once again, Ten Hag showed he was not to be messed with as he oversaw the 38-year-old's departure for Al-Nassr which was sealed after the World Cup in Qatar. Furthermore, Ten Hag has also been bold enough to remove Sancho from his squad - sending him to Holland to complete his own personal training programme. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Despite struggling at the start of the season, Sancho is now firing on all cylinders for United and it now feels as though they have made a new signing in January in the form of the England international winger. Fernandes also noted that Rashford was dropped from the starting lineup in December after he overslept and missed a team meeting. “Marcus [Rashford] was probably in the best form [in the team] against Wolves. He did something wrong [slept in], and the manager pulled him out," Fernandes continued. "Everyone was like, ‘Wow’. But then I sat with David [de Gea] and said, ‘This has to be like this. If not, the younger ones will think he won’t do anything to me too’. "So he demanded from Rashy that you have to be consistent with everything, not only on his game, goals and performance but also off the pitch. "And obviously, Marcus was angry at the beginning because he wanted to play, but he accepted it, came on and scored the winner. And at the end of the story, he and the coach were laughing and smiling. It’s the way it has to be.” Now Rashford is arguably the world's most in-form player having struck 10 times in his last 10 Premier League outings for United. He has also scored six goals in his last six domestic cup matches and is now playing the best football of his career having scored 24 goals in all competitions. There is seemingly no limit on what Ten Hag can achieve at United but one thing is clear - he has already won over his players at Old Trafford. BT Sport is the exclusive home of the UEFA Europa League. Watch Manchester United v Barcelona live on BT Sport 2 from 7pm. For more info, visit btsport.com.