"There’s no annual MOT to be passed for most of us," said Dr Bakhai. "So we ignore the small signals that our own engine is not performing ideally." The consultant cardiologist, based at Spire Bushey Hospital, London, said: "We often ignore our heart health and its signals until it’s too late." Dr Bakhai elaborated: "Heart issues can often get progressively worse, until one day you have a more complicated issue that could have been avoided if you'd heeded the warning signs." So, what do you need to look out for? "Chest tightness, aches in your arms or jaw, dizziness on standing, [and] breathlessness with bending down should act like a wake-up call that your heart is calling out for help," clarified Dr Bakhai. Research on 2,000 adults, carried out by Healthspan, found that 54 percent of participants wouldn't associate these signs with poor heart health. Around a third of respondents would attribute these signs to a number of different things. And 26 percent viewed these warning signs as not that serious, with 17 percent not wanting to raise issues with other people to not seem melodramatic. READ MORE: The sign to spot when brushing your teeth that could signal severe fatty liver disease Dr Bakhai stated that an adult with a healthy heart should be able to run up two flights of stairs without getting out of breath. "You might consider not being able to run up two flights of stairs more of a lung condition, or a lack of fitness or of weight gain," said Dr Bakhai. "But there is a lot of overlap with coronary artery disease or heart valve problems or irregular heart rhythms." According to the research, 13 percent of respondents consider themselves too young to have heart issues. Dr Bakhai clarified: "This is sadly a misunderstanding as heart disease can affect people of all ages." He said this is particularly true "in the era of Covid and beyond, as the virus can attack the heart and the heart lining", known as myopericarditis. "Becoming heart aware is vital," said Dr Bakhai, who cautioned that if a partner has suffered from a cardiac episode, you are likely to too, due to similar lifestyles. Rob Hobson, a registered sports nutritionist with Healthspan, commented on the findings. READ MORE: Two simple food swaps that could lower cholesterol levels by 10% - study "Millions know heart health is vitally important yet ignore warning signs," said Hobson. Many people "do heart-unfriendly things like eating junk food [and] smoking". How to protect your heart The British Heart Foundation (BHF) recommends exercising frequently to better condition the heart. For optimum results, move for at least 150 minutes each week, which can also help you to maintain a healthy weight. Hobson said: "Simple dietary changes and supporting dietary gaps with heart-specific supplements, such as Love Your Heart, can all make a difference over time. "Over half of those asked are conscious they need to keep their heart healthy but knew little about what supplements to take to help them." Dr Bakhai has been advising Healthspan's Love Your Heart supplement range, which commissioned the research.