The club’s inspiring chairman, Carol Shanahan, set up the Port Vale Community Hub which provided massive support for local families.  Vale Park was at the centre of a coordinated effort, using the kitchens to provide meals, helping schools and children and supporting vulnerable people and workers who have lost their jobs during those dark months.  The Port Vale Foundation brought together volunteers from the charity, local businesses and staff from Port Vale, plus its sister companies Synectics Solutions and Summit Hospitality, to deliver more than 350,000 meals to homes. On top of this, the foundation supplied families with personal hygiene and cleaning products as well as providing dongles to those without WiFi, along with more than 6,500 children's educational activity packs. Carol Shanahan, and the Port Vale Community Hub, are true champions of the great city of Stoke-on-Trent, driving positive change and transforming lives throughout the community. The fantastic work of Port Vale demonstrates that clubs are undoubtedly football is part of our great country’s heritage, and so I am pleased to see the developments taken today to safeguard its future. The success of English football is an achievement that should rightly be celebrated. Our clubs, across the top divisions, have been great generators of tourism, jobs, and local pride. The Premier League is often looked at as the international standard for topflight football and attracts more viewers and revenue than any of its international rivals. It demonstrates the best of the UK on the world stage.  We, however, have all seen the litany of issues that have plagued the footballing world of late. Poor governance, lacklustre industry self-regulation and poor incentives have left many clubs endangered, with growing numbers of organisations across the top five tiers at risk of financial failure.  Debt has been growing in all tiers of the sport, with pre-tax losses across the Premier League and Championship totalling nearly £1.1bn in 2020/21, and net debt reaching a combined £5.9billion. Other challenges have threatened to derail the sport – the efforts to create a breakaway Super League tarnished the reputations of, and trust in, many clubs. It is clear that greater protection of the grassroots core of the sport is needed, and following the fan-led review, the government is setting out measures to ensure this. Today, I embrace the proposals for a new Regulator, empowered to safeguard the interests of fans and local football communities. This Regulator will set out, and operate, a licensing system to ensure that all clubs operating professionally are licenced, and therefore meet the relevant requirements for appropriate financial resources, management, conduct and fan engagement. As part of this system, the regulator will properly scrutinise the ownership, management and wider corporate governance of professional clubs, ensuring that any changes to these are in the best interests of the club as a whole. The regulator will also put fans at the heart of football. This will include implementing minimum standards for fan engagement, reinforced protection of club heritage, and fan consultation and approval for any sales or relocations of the club. It will also ensure that clubs are only able to compete in approved competitions, preventing future super-league attempts.  Across the board, these changes will ensure that Port Vale remains a local club first, and protects our fans, current and future.  Ultimately, this is about making the professional game fair. We have seen with the massive outcry against the proposed Super League that the fans are with us – football is at its very best when anyone can beat anyone. That is why I urge the Government to adopt the Fan Led Review and support the EFL. Without doubt, as we have seen with the unprecedented support Port Vale have taken in Stoke-on-Trent. It is vital we protect these great institutions right across the country. 