David Haye, Una Healy and Sian Osborne all appear to have jetted off to Costa Rica at the same time to soak up the Central American sun. The trio have been dogged by rumours that they are in a throuple relationship after sharing a series of cosy snaps together from another getaway to Morocco earlier this year. Haye appeared to confirm the rumours while in attendance for Chris Eubank Jr and Liam Smith’s domestic grudge match last month but vowed to keep his private life private. "I like to keep my private life private,” Haye told Pro Boxing Fans after being asked whether the rumours were true. “I let people in through my social media a little bit, but what I do behind closed doors is between me and the girls involved. So yeah, I don’t really want to go into all that.” Haye and long-time partner Osborne recently shared a video of them relaxing on their vacation with two friends at the beach, captioned: “Livin La Pura Vida here in Costa Rica. Nothing but good vibes and banta!! Ireland’s truly been representing out here… Until the next adventure.” Meanwhile, Healy also confirmed she was in the area by posting a selfie from her hotel room in the Rich Coast. This comes after The Sun was told by a close friend of Haye and Osborne that the couple had been searching for a second woman to join their relationship using the discreet dating app, Raya. “David and Sian created a profile on Raya to find the perfect partner to enter their relationship,” the source disclosed. “The app is very exclusive and discreet – which was perfect for them exploring their options. MORE BOXING NEWS... Jake Paul told to 'cut' Tommy Fury after press conference no-show Paul forced to face off with Chisora as Fury nowhere to be seen Chalmers teases big two-fight showcase with Paul after Mayweather bout “David and Sian were very much in this arrangement together and after being together for two years decided to open their relationship up. The profile was under David’s name and there were photographs of him and Sian together and glamorous photographs of her from around the world. “As part of their profile they said they were ‘seeing what’s out there,’ and said they wanted to try ‘new experiences’. They spoke to a few people before being introduced to Una and they hit it off immediately.”