The internet is up in arms in sympathy for a bride after she claimed her mother-in-law stole the show at her wedding by showing up in a wedding gown. The content creator has gone viral on TikTok with over 12 million views after she furiously called out her mother-in-law. In a series of TikTok videos on her account, she explained what happened, and said her mother-in-law was there for wedding dress shopping when she went to buy her “mermaid-laced sequin-style gown.” She said: “I have lost a hundred pounds and had weight loss surgery five years ago. So when I tell you I wanted to look beautiful on my wedding day. I mean, I wanted to wear something I could feel sexy in.” The bride went on to say she initially did not have much reaction to her mother-in-law’s bridal dress, as she was preoccupied and busy on the day of the wedding. She said: “I was doing my own hair and make-up on our wedding day, I was sitting in front of a mirror for hours. No one could distract me. There’s not one single thing, even wearing a white dress day, that could have distracted me.” The bride she remembered people looked like they were gossiping during the mother-and-son dance, and that her sister offered to “go spill some wine on her” but she refused. She said: “I was like ‘I don’t want to cause any more problems right now, this is my day.’ I had been looking forward to this for so fricking long and I wanted to feel good.” READ MORE: Adele ‘set to marry this summer’ as she flaunts ring from Rich Paul She added: “Everyone thinks they know how they are going to react when they are put into a certain situation, everyone thinks they know. But it didn’t hit me until the next day what happened.” The bride said she was looking through wedding photographs that were sent to her when she asked herself “why the f*ck is she wearing the dress as me?” and that was when she “started getting mad, and madder and then f****** furious.” In a follow-up video, the bride described the event as “embarrassing”. She said: “It’s actually embarrassing, I can’t even put into words how embarrassed I am that my mother-in-law wore the same dress as me on my wedding day, it hurts my soul.” She and her husband did not speak to the mother-in-law for nearly nine months until she reached out to them. The bride said: “She was shocked to hear it was because of her dress choice, she had no idea that we were upset with her about the dress.” DON'T MISS:Meghan's wedding dress was 'safer' than Kate's ‘royal’ gown [INSIGHT]Bride found groom being breastfed by his mother in the toilets  [REPORT]Queen Rania walked down the aisle in a white and gold dress - pictures [REVEAL] The content creator said her mother-in-law tried to “gaslight” her by saying the dress was not white or a bridal gown, but was a “cream-coloured, gold sequined dress.” The bride said: “I’m not blind, and neither is everybody I know, that was a white gown. it was absolutely a white dress. A sequined, lace, mermaid-style dress, like mine.” Things escalated two months later when the mother-in-law sent the married couple a Christmas card featuring herself in the bridal gown in the picture as well as the rest of the wedding party. She said: “What are you apologising for if you were going to turn around and send out that Christmas card, like are you kidding me? This is what I was upset about.” The bride and her husband have since stopped talking to her mother-in-law, and the bride has also asked people to be kinder to her husband about the whole ordeal. In Jasmine’s original viral video, she showed her wedding day photos, in which her husband had his arms around both Jasmine and his mother, who is wearing a white wedding dress cut in the same style as the brides. Some people in the comments criticised the husband for not doing anything about his mother on the day of the wedding, with one popular comment saying: “Please tell me your husband said something… if not. RED FLAGGGGGG. Mommas boy.” Jasmine said her husband was a “wonderful human being” who has “been through a lot.” She said: “He has learned a lot and he has grown a lot. He grew up in a really codependent relationship with an immature parent and he is an only child.” She added: “My husband has since cut her off. He did it for himself, he was so sick of all of her crazy antics and ‘poor me’ mentality. He would not stand for it and he was not going to let his family go through these dramatic and ridiculous things she would do. He is a good guy in this who has done everything right…he’s a perfect dad and the perfect husband” There were thousands of comments on Jasmine’s videos as the story has been a viral hit. One person said: “I think it’s awesome you guys ignored her on the day off and we’re oblivious! Stole her power.” while someone else said: “I hope she feels embarrassed…what an absolute monster-in-law.” Jasmine went on to show more pictures of her wedding day, and people reassured her that her mother-in-law did not spoil her wedding day. One person wrote: “STUNNING! Do not let her take away the joy and beauty of your day!” while someone else said: “You look PERFECT!!! Beautiful wedding!! You are stunning. No one else in a white dress could distract from your shine!!”