Beyond Paradise returns to BBC One every Friday and the Death in Paradise spin-off follows detective Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall). After realising they did not like the busyness of London, he and Martha (Sally Bretton) moved to Devon for a more peaceful life. The first episode explored how the couple had been going through IVF treatment as Martha was struggling to fall pregnant. The second instalment will see the pair throw themselves into their work as a means of distraction. For Martha, this involves preparing for the launch of her new restaurant, which is something she has always dreamed of. Meanwhile, for Humphrey, he investigates the disappearance of an entire family. The show's writer, Tony Jordan, explained how the series features some incredibly heartfelt moments. He said: "Actors love this kind of material, they love that kind of slightly lighter tone. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise fans fume 'don't talk like that' over accent blunder "They like a show where they can have some fun and the tone for me is really important. "I think the serial element, the Martha and Humphrey story, is proper grown-up drama, that's not farcical in any way. "It's not a sitcom, it will have you sobbing in your cornflakes, it's proper stuff. "Against that, we have got a slightly lighter tone story of the week. Balancing those is quite difficult. "But I think we have done it really well and I think it's one of those shows where you will genuinely laugh out loud at some point during the 60 minutes. "And you will genuinely shed a tear sometime in the 60 minutes, so it's a bit of a rollercoaster." He was keen for the spin-off to have the same escapist tone as Death in Paradise, while also being something unique. He added: "For me, it's one of those shows where you think 'oh great, Beyond Paradise is on'. DON'T MISS... Beyond Paradise star detail injury they hope won't be spottedBeyond Paradise stars tease Martha struggle as her past life revisitedDylan Llewellyn is the youngest of the Beyond Paradise stars "You kick off your shoes get a glass of pinot or a beer, put your feet up and you are just transported for 60 minutes. "That's what Death in Paradise does for you and I think that's what Beyond Paradise will do absolutely." Fans took to Twitter after the first episode to share their thoughts on Martha's devastating loss. Fiona said: "#BeyondParadise Loved it. I was crying with laughter 30 minutes in then crying with Martha & Humph at the end." Jodie Portugal shared: "For the love of god #BeyondParadise you didn't have to do that to Martha. "That's just cruel and it builds the expectations that she'll be pregnant in the final episode of the series." Nic added: "@BeyondPOfficial you kicked us right In the feels there. Poor Humphrey and Martha #BeyondParadise" Kasia shared: "Actually tearing up at #BeyondParadise. Poor Humphrey and Martha." Beyond Paradise airs on Fridays on BBC One at 8pm.