Brussels' plans against Joe Biden's law on subsidies to green manufacturing - the Inflation Reduction Act - present "several flaws", a furious MEP has blasted. The European Parliament definitively approved by majority – 340 votes in favour, 279 against and 21 abstentions – the agreement on cutting CO2 emissions for cars and light commercial vehicles, an agreement reached last year as part of the measures envisaged by the Fitfor55 EU Commission's plan. According to the plans, by 2035 there will be a cut to emissions by 100 percent compared to 2021, which will see to end of the sale of internal combustion engine vehicles, fuelled by petrol or diesel. According to the European Commission, the move serves as a response to Biden's law which provides tax credits of up to $7,500 (£6,200) just for electric vehicles assembled in North America and containing batteries manufactured in the region. But Italian MEP Marco Zanni, whose group in Parliament voted against the agreement, claimed the bloc has already lost its fight with the US at the expense of its consumers. In a note sent to Express.co.uk, he said: "The Green Industrial Plan has several flaws: if the goal is to chase the United States we are already defeated. "The EU is not the USA, it does not have the same instruments or the same structure. "Then there is a dangerous drift on the part of the European Commission: it seems that we are going back to experiences of economic and industrial planning already seen in the past in other systems, which have not worked. "It is worrying that the EU is presenting industrial policy initiatives today that tell companies what to do, when to do it, and how to do it. This is not efficient in a free market like the EU one. "In its proposals on the green transition, Brussels is abandoning the fundamental principle of technological neutrality. He is no longer talking about how to reduce emissions, but about betting everything on a technology that presents shadows and about which there is no certainty. "This means killing investments in research and technology. Speaking with businesses and investors, the first obstacle to letting private liquidity flow into the EU also on these investments is the jumble of rules and regulations that kill the industry. READ MORE: 'We haven't forgotten about the Middle-East' says British Army Colonel  "Cutting unnecessary regulation and making it simpler is essential, in order not to bring industrial desertification to Europe. And unfortunately we have seen in the pandemic what it means to no longer have certain productions on our territory." The Commission has also started the process of reviewing the regulation for CO2 emissions for buses and trucks. The proposal provides for zero emissions from 2030 for buses circulating in the city and a 90 percent cut in emissions for fleets of other heavy vehicles, starting from 2040. The proposal will be presented this week, according to which registered heavy commercial vehicles will have to reduce CO2 emissions progressively, by 45 percent in 2030, by 65 percent by 2030 and by 90 percent by 2040. The Commission will present by 2025 a methodology to assess and report data on CO2 emissions throughout the life cycle of cars and vans sold on the European market. DON'T MISS:Massive 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand [INSIGHT]The spy balloon scientist pulling the strings in China [ANALYSIS]Brexit Britain outclassed by French military despite spending more [DATA] By December 2026, the EU executive will monitor the gap between emission limit values and actual fuel and energy consumption data, report on a methodology to adjust manufacturers' specific CO2 emissions and propose appropriate follow-up measures. Responsible manufacturers of small production volumes over an entire calendar year - from one thousand to 10 thousand new cars or from 1,000 to 22,000 new vans - will be able to benefit from an exemption until the end of 2035 while those below the threshold will remain exempt from the restrictions. Biden's legislation has been at the heart of an ongoing trade dispute between the Biden administration and the Brussels bloc. Speaking in Davos last month, EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen announced Europe will respond to the IRA with a "Net-Zero Industry Act". She said: "The aim will be to focus investment on strategic projects along the entire supply chain. We will especially look at how to simplify and fast-track permitting for new clean tech production sites. "To keep European industry attractive, there is a need to be competitive with the offers and incentives that are currently available outside the EU."