Another cue mishap at the 2023 Welsh Open urged Ronnie O'Sullivan to offer his opponent a bye into the last 16 on Wednesday when a familiar fault occurred. Rod Lawler refused to take his opponent up on the gift despite trailing 2-0 at the time, however, and accepted his defeat with grace as 'The Rocket' advanced. It was only 24 hours prior that snooker ace O'Sullivan said he came close to quitting his second-round clash against Ross Muir after the tip of his cue came off twice in quick succession. Disaster struck again as his equipment malfunctioned while two frames up against 'Rod the Plod', leading O'Sullivan to suggest he simply give Lawler the win. If the four-time Welsh Open-winner wasn't already convinced his cue required maintenance, the round-of-32 recurrence appeared to do the job. And O'Sullivan vented his frustration again after being forced to play with the fear of not knowing whether his stick would stay in one piece. “I don’t know what happened and I’d really rather not be talking about it. Every shot I play, I think the tip is going to fall off," said the world No. 1 following his latest win in Llandudno. “I am surprised that it didn’t fall off again on a couple of blacks I played in the last frame. It will come off again, and I will just stick it on again. READ MORE Ronnie O'Sullivan drops accidental C-word live on ITV after World Grand Prix snooker loss  “I said to Rod at 2-0 when we came off I was happy to give the match to him because there was no point in me just keep coming off and putting the tip back on again. After this event I will send the cue to John Parris for a new ferrule and hopefully that will be ready for Thailand and the other important tournaments coming up.” O'Sullivan is targeting his fifth career win at the Welsh Open in the hopes of tying John Higgins' all-time record in the competition. Seven years have passed since he last clinched the title, though he did finish a narrow runner-up to Jordan Brown as recently as 2021. DON'T MISS Yan Bingtao and Zhao Xintong learn fate as 10 stars charged in snooker match-fixing probe Ronnie O’Sullivan fears 'exhibition circuit' return as pressure mounts at World Grand Prix Judd Trump beats Mark Williams 10-8 to win second Masters Snooker title and claim £250k    The 47-year-old will hope his cue nightmare at least takes a day off for Thursday's last-16 encounter against Belgium's Ben Mertens. Belgian Mertens has made it to the third round in his maiden appearance at the Welsh Open, his best run at a ranked tournament to date. And the 18-year-old may not be as magnanimous as Lawler should the offer of a default victory come his way at Venue Cymru this week. Cue concerns or not, O'Sullivan can't expect every opponent to pass up such an opportunity with an £80,000 grand prize up for grabs.