HBO’s hit fantasy drama, Game of Thrones had viewers gripped since its premiere in 2011, however, the passion fans had turned to rage as the finale became one of the most hated episodes of the show. Season five star and stuntman Adam Basil exclusively lifted the lid on his thoughts and shared how bosses could’ve done it differently.  Game of Thrones followed the lives of nine families as they competed against each other and warred for control of the Iron Throne. Although the series was one of the most beloved of all time, many viewers considered the final season a disastrous ending for the drama. As social media exploded with rage and confusion, millions of viewers even signed petitions asking for season eight to be remade. However, season five star, Adam Basil disagreed. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show   While he understood the rage, Adam claimed cult fans would have never been truly satisfied. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the Gladiator star admitted: “I wasn’t too bad with it. “I think it's such a huge thing, not everyone was going to be happy with how they had to end it.” Despite this, Adam offered his own suggestion and stated: “Maybe they didn’t have to do this huge thing.    “Maybe they could’ve done the smaller style episodes and not had a two-year gap, that would’ve been good.” While the two-year gap between seasons seven and eight seemed to be an issue for Adam, other fans were bothered by the storylines. Many complained about Bran Stark (played by Isaac Hempstead Wright) becoming King of the Six Kingdoms instead of Tyrion Lannister (Peter Dinklage) or Jon Snow (Kit Harington). There was also immense backlash following Cersei Lannister’s (Lena Headley) death scene. DON'T MISS...BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [REACTION]House of the Dragon season 2 release: Filming date confirmed [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones' Kit Harington hints at Jon Snow spin-off [INSIGHT]   As many wanted to watch her tormented to death rather than crushed to death by the crumbling Red Keep in the arms of her brother and lover Jaime Lannister (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau). Her death was only confirmed when Tyrion eventually found their bodies amidst the debris. Network boss Casey Bloys hit back at disappointed viewers at the time, stating: “I think in multiple parts of our society, we are reminding ourselves that Twitter is not real life. “We knew it was going to be divisive and, of course, you want all fans to be happy, but that’s never going to happen.     “There weren’t a lot of people walking around despondent or upset. It’s a take that reads well but probably doesn’t fully reflect viewer feelings,” Casey told The Hollywood Reporter. Game of Thrones author George RR Martin also addressed the uproar: “The f**king toxic internet and these podcasts out there saying that season eight left such a bad impression that people say, ‘Oh, I’m never going to watch them again.’” Speaking to The Hollywood Reporter, he added: “I don’t trust them anymore.”  Game of Thrones seasons 1-8 are available to stream on HBO in the USA and on NOW in the UK. 