Newcastle fans are making the most of their first cup final in nearly 24 years and have taken over London ahead of facing Manchester United at Wembley Stadium. The Magpies will play at the new Wembley for the first time having reached the Carabao Cup final. Tens of thousands of Geordie punters have taken over the capital and are in high spirits ahead of the showdown. Newcastle supporters have filled Trafalgar Square, with pictures on social media showing a sea of black and white in front of Nelson’s Column. Fans are making the most of Newcastle's first cup final since 1999. Slightly ominously, that was a 2-0 defeat by the treble-winning Man Utd team in the FA Cup final. But videos on social media show thousands of fans chanting about Eddie Howe's team and creating a party atmosphere as they prepare to fill Wembley tomorrow. They were joined in Trafalgar Square by co-owners Behrdad Ghodoussi and Jamie Reuben in a major departure from the previous ownership. JUST IN: Glazer risks Man Utd backlash with 'wish' before Carabao Cup final Another fan could be seen jumping in the Trafalgar Square fountains. Others sang positive chants about Howe and star midfielder Bruno Guimaraes. Newcastle have far more reason to believe they could topple the Red Devils at the national stadium 24 years on from their last appearance in a major cup final. Eddie Howe's side have been excellent in the Premier League and stormed to the Carabao Cup final with a remarkable run of results. The Magpies have beaten Tranmere, Crystal Palace, Bournemouth, Leicester and Southampton to set up a showdown with Man Utd. Howe's side spent most of the season in the top four of the Premier League prior to last weekend's defeat by Liverpool. DON'T MISS...Wrexham owners Reynolds and McElhenney 'set up Man Utd friendly'Arsenal boss Arteta makes complaint over players after Leicester winArsenal's three best players as Martinelli hits back vs Leicester Howe wants to give the supporters a long-awaited trophy in Sunday's game. Newcastle have not lifted major silverware since 1955. The Magpies boss said: “To win would mean the world to me to do that, but it would not necessarily be for me. It would be more, genuinely, for the supporters, for everyone connected with the club to embrace that moment if we were able to do it. “They've had a long wait for that moment and I know just from my very limited dealings with people around the city, the love they have for the football club. I'd love to return that love with a trophy.” 