Chelsea new boy Enzo Fernandez has pleaded for supporters to back Graham Potter in spite of the looming pressure on the Blues manager to improve things as a matter of priority. The former Brighton boss has endured a turbulent time of things since replacing Thomas Tuchel at Stamford Bridge earlier this season and another defeat at Tottenham on Sunday would likely see his job placed under even more scrutiny. Chelsea have only won once in the Premier League since the turn of the year and sit well adrift of the division's top four as things stand, leading to speculation that Potter could soon be relieved of his duties after spending just a matter of months in west London. However, new signing Fernandez believes that his manager should be given more time and receive the full backing of the club's supporters if the Blues are to start making positive progress over the coming weeks. "Trust the players, trust the backroom staff, trust the manager," Fernandez told The Telegraph. "Never forget that we are representing you, that we are trying to win games, starting on Sunday, then we can start to turn things around. "I would encourage the fans to be patient. We have got a lot of new faces here and it is a restructuring of the club and the playing staff. Trust us." JUST IN: Erik ten Hag reacts to Man Utd getting 'skilful' Real Betis in draw Fernandez also went on to admit that he should not be immune to the criticism he and his team-mates are receiving at Chelsea but insisted that he is not allowing his record-breaking £107million transfer fee to play on his mind as he continues to find his feet at Stamford Bridge. "The amount of money that is paid has nothing to do with me, it’s something that I take really naturally," he added. "It’s part of football and my job is to go out on the field and give my best at all times. I am conscious of the faith they [Chelsea] have shown in me and I want to repay that." It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will be able to return to winning ways against Tottenham, who will be equally keen to claim all three points in order to fuel their ambitions of securing Champions League qualification at the end of the campaign. Arsenal icon Paul Merson recently warned that the writing may be on the wall for Potter if Chelsea fail to beat their cross-city rivals, with the Blues not exactly known for taking a patient approach with their managers. "This Sunday is Chelsea’s biggest game of the season, it’s Tottenham," Merson told Sky Sports. "If he loses this one I’m not sure there is a way back because the fans will go ballistic. This game can change everything though. If Chelsea beat Spurs he can also be a hero. People think Potter isn’t the right man for the job, but I think he is. For me, I think give him time." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United vs Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.