Chelsea winger Hakim Ziyech could still leave the Blues over the coming weeks after his proposed deadline-day loan move to Paris Saint-Germain fell through at the eleventh hour, according to reports. The 29-year-old was widely expected to join the French giants on a temporary basis until the end of the campaign after tumbling down the pecking order at Stamford Bridge but was cruelly denied the move at the very end of the January transfer window. Ziyech was reportedly in PSG's club offices when it became clear that the relevant paperwork had not been submitted on time, preventing him from joining the French giants despite a full agreement having been reached between all parties. However, there is still a chance that Ziyech could leave Chelsea outside the transfer window after being given permission to explore his remaining options by the west Londoners, according to 90min.It is said that Ziyech has been given the green light to meet with clubs who could still take him for the remainder of the season and has already received interest from Turkey and the United Arab Emirates. However, it remains to be seen whether the Morocco international would be keen on either move as he looks to resolve his immediate future as a matter of priority.Most of the transfer windows in Europe are now closed but clubs in some countries are still able to bring in new players, which could potentially hand Ziyech a lifeline as he continues to be frozen out at Stamford Bridge. He is likely to be left out of Chelsea's squad for the knockout stages of the Champions League later this month, with Graham Potter needing to remove a handful of players in order to make room for some of the club's January arrivals. JUST IN: Chelsea went all out for Enzo Fernandez after 'catching wind' of plans However, the Chelsea boss insisted on Thursday that he fully expects Ziyech to remain committed to the club for as long as he remains on their books in spite of his frustration over being denied a late January move to PSG."He’s back in the country, he trained this morning, it won’t be the first story like this or the last," said Potter. "He’s a professional player, he understands the situation. He’s committed to us and available for the game against Fulham. He has an important role to play for us for the rest of the season." Meanwhile, PSG manager Christophe Galtier insisted in the aftermath of deadline day that Chelsea were wholly responsible for Ziyech's unsuccessful move to France after failing to send over the correct paperwork on time."For various reasons, we could not make it work with the player we targeted," said Galtier. "I have quality players, the young people will have their chance to play in this second part of the season. Obviously, in a busy schedule, you have to be careful with injuries and fatigue."I’m satisfied with the squad we had at the start of the season. Unfortunately, we could have reinforced it following the departure of Pablo [Sarabia]. We could not do it. I believe that the responsibility does not lie with our club. That’s how it is, that’s life, we look ahead." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.