Grocery price inflation hit 17.1 percent in the four weeks to February 19, 2023, market analyst firm Kantar has found. Grocery prices for food items such as milk, eggs and margarine have increased dramatically over the period in supermarkets. This comes as another blow to consumers who have been forced to contend with the ongoing cost of living crisis. According to Kantar, if households do not change their shopping habits, an extra £811 could be added to their annual supermarket bill. The firm reported that grocery price inflation was the second biggest financial concern for families, just behind energy bills. This most recent inflation hike comes as the Government has removed support for households when it comes to energy prices, and mortgage rates are on the rise. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Fraser McKevitt, the head of retail and consumer insight at Kantar, broke down the plight of consumers amid the time of skyrocketing inflation. He explained: “Shoppers have been facing sustained price rises for some time now and this February marks a full year since monthly grocery inflation climbed above four percent. This is having a big impact on people’s lives. “Our latest research shows that grocery price inflation is the second most important financial issue for the public behind energy costs, with two-thirds of people concerned by food and drink prices, above public sector strikes and climate change. “One quarter say they’re struggling financially, versus one in five this time last year. The numbers speak for themselves.” Despite this concerning development, the most recent data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) suggests that overall inflation is on the decline. January 2023’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation came to 10.1 percent for the period. This represents the third consecutive monthly drop in CPI inflation, following the rate skyrocketing to a 41-year high. Even with this drop, inflation remains extremely high relative to previous years and is likely to be an ongoing financial pressure for Britons going forward. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing In its report, Kantar found that the sale of supermarket own-label products rose by 13. 2 percent in February. In comparison, sales of branded products only grew by 4.2 percent which are regarded as generally more expensive. Despite inflation being on the rise, overall grocery sales increased by 8.1 percent over the 12 weeks to February 19. Discount supermarket retailers Aldi and Lidl saw the biggest hike in sales at 26.7 percent and 25.4 percent over the period, respectively. Furthermore, Tesco's sales jumped by 6.6 percent, while Asda’s sales rose by 5.9 percent during the month. Sainsbury’s sales increased by 6.2 percent over the same period, but Morrisons' was found to have a sales drop of 0.9 percent. In reaction to the UK’s ongoing issue with inflation, experts have reminded the public to create a personal budget to manage their finances better. Alice Haine, a personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, said: “Households that haven’t already adjusted their spending to cope with their dwindling purchasing power should take action now. “While energy prices are on the wane, electricity bills are still likely to go up for many from April when the Government’s Energy Price Guarantee comes to an end – while other rising household bills also need to be factored in. “Ultimately, high inflation is largely a result of global challenges such as gummed supply chains and geopolitical tensions, so there is never a guarantee of what will happen next. “In periods of uncertainty, a solid budget with wiggle room to absorb any unexpected costs is an essential accessory to help households live within their means not only in the short term but also the long term.”