Adele and Ed Sheeran were reportedly asked to play at the event on May 7 but both musicians have been forced to pull out due to prior commitments. The pair will not be at the Windsor Castle concert, which is scheduled for the day after the new King is crowned at Westminster Abbey, The Mail on Sunday reports. However, Sheeran's representatives have since confirmed to Express.co.uk that the Shape of You singer was never approached to take part in the King's Coronation. A source told the outlet: "The King has suggested a number of people he would like to perform and Adele and Ed were on that list. He was very keen that they were part of the concert. "There is a team set up to get the talent signed up so they approached the two of them, but got replies saying that they were unavailable, which was a massive disappointment. "They are titans of the showbiz industry and are quintessentially British but also known across the globe. It's such a shame." Singer Sheeran, 32, is scheduled for a gig in Texas the day before the concert. READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz's brutal dig after cheating fiancé's lover speaks out It comes as the Yorkshire-born performer closed the late-Queen's Platinum Jubilee Pageant with his hit "Perfect" as a tribute to Her Majesty and her husband Prince Philip. Meanwhile, Adele reportedly has no publicly announced commitments for the day. The songstress is due to wrap up her Las Vegas residency on March 25. Express.co.uk has contacted Adele's representatives for comment. A representative for Sheeran said that neither he “nor his team” have been “approached” about performing during the show. Harry Styles, Lionel Richie and the Spice Girls are among those it’s hoped will appear at the concert. A balcony appearance at Buckingham Palace and a day of volunteering will all form part of celebrations for the coronation between 6 and 8 May, in addition to the star-studded musical event. The concert will be screened by the BBC and several thousand pairs of tickets are to be made available to the public via a ballot. DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz's brutal dig after cheating fiancé's lover speaks out[LATEST]Brooklyn Beckham and wife Nicola 'invited Harry and Meghan' to wedding[ROYALS]Richard Gere, 73, taken to hospital with pneumonia in Mexico[HEALTH] The new monarch will be crowned at Westminster Abbey on May 6. Prince Harry is reportedly “in a predicament” over attending King Charles’s Coronation if he and wife Meghan Markle are invited. It comes after the Duke and Duchess released their explosive Netflix series with Harry also debuting his memoir Spare - but the couple are expected to the ceremony. The Telegraph reported that Harry is weighing up a “million different variables” to decide whether he and Meghan should fly to the United Kingdom in May, citing a friend of the duke. Harry is reportedly considering how the British public will react to him and Meghan attending the coronation, as well as whether their decision to skip it might be perceived as a snub. Additionally, their son Archie’s fourth birthday coincides with the Coronation ceremony. The source told the newspaper that Harry is mindful that the Coronation will be “pretty much the most important day” in his father Charles’s life. In an interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby to promote his memoir, Harry refused to commit to attending the cermony. He said: “There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. “There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it.”