Rishi Sunak today hailed a "decisive breakthrough" after striking a deal with the EU over the post-Brexit trading arrangements for Northern Ireland. The Prime Minister and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen finalised the agreement during a summit at Windsor after months of painstaking negotiations and years of tensions. Speaking at a joint press conference this afternoon, Mr Sunak said the controversially named "Windsor Framework" will remove trade barriers in the Irish Sea. The Prime Minister said: "I'm pleased to report that we have now made a decisive breakthrough. "Together we have changed the original protocol and are today announcing the new Windsor framework. "Today's agreement delivers smooth-flowing trade within the whole United Kingdom, protects Northern Ireland's place in our union and safeguards sovereignty for the people of Northern Ireland." At the core of the deal is the creation of a new system for the flow of goods from Great Britain into Northern Ireland with a "green lane" involving fewer checks and a separate "red lane" for anything that might travel on to the EU. EU laws will continue to apply in relation to the single market - although a "Stormont brake" will allow Northern Ireland's politicians to raise concerns which Mr Sunak said would give the Westminster Government a "veto". The PM said he believes the deal is a "turning point" for Northern Ireland that addresses the concerns of the DUP, which has issued seven tests. But Mrs von der Leyen said the changes to the protocol will still include a role for the European Court of Justice (ECJ) - a key issue for the DUP. The EU chief went on to have tea with the King at Windsor Castle despite criticism that the meeting risked dragging Charles into a political storm. Meanwhile, Mr Sunak held a Cabinet meeting before making a statement to MPs in the Commons this evening. He was cheered by his own backbenchers on entering the chamber, with some waving order papers. The PM told MPs: "We have delivered what the people of Northern Ireland asked for and the Command Paper asked for - we have removed the border in the Irish Sea." The Prime Minister needs to win the support of DUP, which will be key to securing the backing of Conservative Eurosceptics. DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said his party will "consider very carefully" the terms of the new deal. Tory Brexiteers in the powerful European Research Group (ERG) are to meet tomorrow and will convene Sir Bill Cash's so-called "star chamber" of lawyers to scrutinise the deal with a fine-tooth comb before deciding whether to back it. ERG chairmain Mark Francois said: "We await with interest the Prime Minister's statement at 6.30pm today. We very much also hope that the full legal text will be formally published today. In any event the ERG will meeting in Westminster tomorrow evening to discuss momentous events and how to repond to them." David Jones, deputy chairman of the ERG and part of its star chamber of lawyers, told Express.co.uk: "I will reserve judgement for now." A senior ERG source added: "This is like a government Budget. The first day it looks good because the government has its lines prepared and nobody else does. However, the question is whether it bears scrutiny by the weekend or has fallen apart." Former Cabinet minister Jacob Rees-Mogg gave an initial thumbs up to the deal. He said: "It is a good achievement and better than could have been expected but the devil will be in the detail." A 2019 MP from a Red Wall seat said: "I've warned my whip that this is the only issue I might rebel on. Brexit is black and white. In the end we need to know whether the DUP will accept it and what Sir Bill and the star chamber of lawyers says." But another Red Wall MP said: "Colleagues seem happy with it. The PM seems to have got what we wanted." A former minister said: "I think he has got a reasonable deal. My feeling is that the rebellion, if there is one, will be 15 to 20 max. He has got concessions which his predecessors failed to get. "We have to remember that the EU hated Boris in the way that Remainers do in the UK. They probably feel much more at home with a technocrat like Rishi Sunak." Another Tory backbencher said: "The problem is not necessarily the deal but whether the DUP are willing to accept a deal. Do they want to restart the Northern Ireland Assembly with Sinn Fein as the largest party?" Rother Valley MP Alexander Stafford said: "By the looks of it he (Sunak) has done a decent job. The veto fudge may be difficult but we were going to have to compromise somewhere and it was never going to be perfect." On Mr Sunak's security as Tory leader, another MP said: "If he has pulled this off then it keeps the wolf from the door. He still has to get through the Budget and local elections." Friends of Home Secretary Suella Braverman have said she is supporting the deal. Mr Rees-Mogg earlier put Mr Sunak on notice of a possible Tory revolt if the DUP does not support the pact. The former Cabinet minister told GB News: "It will all depend on the DUP. If the DUP are against it, I think there will be quite a significant number of Conservatives who are unhappy." He said that the position of Boris Johnson, who he described as the "biggest figure in UK politics", will be "fundamental".  But "Brexit hard man" Steve Baker, the Northern Ireland Office minister who had been on resignation watch, said Mr Sunak had "pulled a blinder". The arch-Brexiteer told the BBC: "I think it's a fantastic achievement for all parties to this deal - for Ireland, for the EU, for the unionists and for Eurosceptics. So I'm delighted that we can move on to a new chapter." Mr Sunak said Parliament will "have a vote at the appropriate time" and that "that vote will be respected" after coming under pressure to give MPs a say on the deal. Sir Keir Starmer today reiterated Labour's support for the deal. The DUP collapsed powersharing at Stormont last year in protest at the protocol's impact, leaving Northern Ireland without an executive or an assembly. The protocol, agreed by Mr Johnson in 2020, was designed to prevent a hard Irish border after Brexit. Northern Ireland has continued to follow EU rules on goods to prevent checks being needed when crossing into the Republic. But the trade barriers created between Northern Ireland and Great Britain have angered unionists. 