The United States would have little choice but to respond if its NATO allies in Europe were to be attacked using China-issued weapons, a geopolitical analyst has warned. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said this week intelligence showed Beijing to be considering providing Moscow with lethal weapons to continue its invasion of Ukraine. But expert Irina Tsukerman told Express.co.uk the consequences of such a move would include open conflict with the US as Washington would have "no choice but to respond" to any attack on its NATO allies with Chinese technology. Tsukerman said: "The US is unlikely to send troops into Ukraine, nor is it looking for a direct engagement in the South China Sea. "However, if China's weapons are used to attack NATO positions or US interests, it will have no choice but to respond. "For now, the US has limited its direct offensive responses to homeland issues such as taking down the spy balloons, and to disruption of hacker groups who are not strictly speaking state-affiliated formally. "China is well aware of that, and despite its own increasing military capabilities is not likely to provoke the US into direct combat; however, asymmetrical provocations and increased proxy attacks are very likely." JUST IN: What Joe Biden has promised Ukraine during his historic surprise visit to Kyiv China and the United States have locked horns in recent weeks over the shooting down of a spying balloon spotted over US territory in early February. The spat caused Blinken to call off a planned visit to the PRC and resulted in a series of vitriolic tit-for-tat exchanges between Washington and Beijing. The intelligence showing a potential direct intervention in the Ukrainian war could further exacerbate current tensions, and force Joe Biden's hand into signing off on enough funds to guarantee Kyiv's victory over Moscow. Tsukerman added: "There is already pressure on the US to send fighter jets to Ukraine, as should have been done at the beginning of the war to avoid prolonging the conflict. READ MORE: US warns of 'serious consequences' as China poised to send weapons into Ukraine "Increased aggression or escalation by Russia with China's assistance could be the factor that will finally cause the White House to stop prevaricating and send sufficient resources for Ukraine to be able to overcome the stalemate and to push the Russians out of its territory. "However, even in the best-case scenario, that will take months, because even when deliveries are announced, they are not automatic, have to be approved by Congress, and need to be put together in some cases, requiring extensive training. "Now, with Biden unexpectedly visiting Ukraine, that is even more likely to happen." President Biden paid a surprise visit to Kyiv on Presidents Day before meeting with allies in Poland. During the stay, he met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to tour the Ukrainian capital. DON'T MISSChina warns US 'fanning flames' of Ukraine war [LATEST]Hundreds of teens ruin family's home [REPORT]Trump blasts DeSantis in late-night tirade [INSIGHT] Biden made multiple stops around town without any announcement to the Ukrainian public that he was there. But all that activity attracted enough attention that word of his presence leaked out well before he could get back to Poland, which was the original plan. Aides at the White House were surprised the secret held as long as it did. The president had been itching since last year to join the parade of other Western officials who have visited Kyiv to pledge support standing shoulder-to-shoulder with Zelensky in the capital. During the visit, Biden also announced an additional half-billion dollars in US assistance — on top of the more than $50 billion already provided — for shells for howitzers, anti-tank missiles, air surveillance radars and other aid but no new advanced weaponry. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews