Hugh Bonneville is portraying former Metropolitan Police detective chief superintendent Brian Boyce in The Gold. The retired detective and his team were tasked with tracking down the armed robbers who broke into the Brink's-Mat security depot near Heathrow Airport and inadvertently stumbled across gold bullion worth £26million. The Downton Abbey star spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk and other media about filming the BBC series and the difficulties involved with certain scenes.  The crime began as a "typical Old Kent Road armed robbery" according to detectives at the time, but it became the biggest theft in world history at the time. The disposal of the gold united blue and white-collar criminals, helped fuel the London Docklands property boom and caused the start of international money laundering on a mammoth scale. The Gold centres around the South London robbers as they try to get away with their crime while Brian's policing team attempts to arrest them. At a press screening for BBC series, Hugh told Express.co.uk and other publications about the challenges he faced on set. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital The 59-year-old said: "I just wanted to pick up on the thing about the 1980s." He highlighted how there were some issues with filming car chases and crashes with vehicles from that time period. "The cars are 40 years old and you are trying to drive them at great speed but you are getting a lot of burnt clutches," he explained. "There were quite a few moments when we had to stand there wobbling, telling people to calm down."  The Notting Hill star also revealed he got to meet the real-life Brian for a meal together. Hugh shared: "It was great - I spent a fascinating couple of hours with the real Brian who is now retired." The Gold's writer Neil Forsyth joined Hugh and Brian to learn more about the person behind the major investigation. DON'T MISS...Forget Downton, it’s time to check in at Hotel Portofino [LATEST]Homeland's Claire Danes expecting third child with husband Hugh Dancy [UPDATE]Shirley MacLaine's boast of bedding two Prime Ministers [INSIGHT] Hugh added: "He was very interesting, particularly about his earlier career as he grew up in North London. "He and his mum hid under the kitchen table when there were bombs and his father hammered into him and dictated to him the sense of right and wrong." "In later life, he was actually investigating his own people as he wanted to be a straight police officer," Hugh exclaimed. 