NCIS Los Angeles finally returned for season 14's 12th episode, In the Name of Honor, after more than a month-long hiatus. The CBS series saw Kensi Blye (played by Daniela Ruah) and Fatima Namazi (Medalion Rahimi) get kidnapped and drugged while searching for a missing Navy lieutenant. Thankfully, the rest of the team were on hand to rescue the pair, ensuring that they were safe and the Islamic militia responsible were behind bars. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. NCIS Los Angeles' Agent Kensi Blye is portrayed by American-Portuguese actress Daniela Ruah. She was born on December 2, 1983, which means the star is now 39 years old. Ruah didn't share with her fans what she got up to on her birthday last year sadly. But she did post an important message regarding something she had been working on. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal Alongside the trailer for her latest film, Ruah wrote: "The 2nd project I ever directed is airing soon (in Portugal) and I can finally share the trailer! "I’m so proud of this movie, cast and crew, thank you @ukbarfilmes and grateful for the kindness and hospitality of @torresvedrascm." Given that Ruah is going to be marking her 40th birthday in 2023, she is bound to celebrate the day with birthday wishes from loved ones and her NCIS LA family. In terms of the original cast of the CBS police procedural, she is the youngest on set. Her onscreen husband and real-life brother-in-law Marty Deeks actor Eric Christian is six years older at 45. Meanwhile, Callen actor Chris O'Donnell is 52 and Sam Hanna star LL Cool J is 55 years old. But she isn't the youngest star of NCIS Los Angeles as Agent Devin Roundtree actor Caleb Castille is 32. In addition, Medalion Rahimi who plays Agent Namazi is just 30 years old. DON'T MISS...Black Spartans star recalls advice from Yellowstone’s Neal McDonough [CAST]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah confirms huge career change [EXPLAINER]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sparks frenzy with rare family snap [REVEALED] Fans of NCIS LA were devastated to learn of its cancellation after 14 series earlier this year and the stars are already announcing what they've got in the pipeline. Ruah is going to star in a Netflix thriller called Rabo de Peixe which will be the streamer's second original Portuguese series. She is also going to be the presenter of the Portuguese version of The Traitors, the hit BBC game show which now also has a version in the States. So the Kensi Blye actress is going to be very busy after the series comes to an end but for now, there are still important investigations to contend with. The upcoming 13th episode of NCIS LA season 14 is called A Farewell to Arms. Its synopsis reads: "A mystery woman attacks the founder of an AI company, the team must identify the woman before the next major global conflict ensues. "Kilbride's ex-wife, Elizabeth comes to ask him to think about reconnecting with their son." NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA.