Jamie Carragher has laid into Liverpool's flops after a humiliating 3-0 defeat at the hands of Wolves and singled out the "shambolic" performances of Joel Matip and Joe Gomez. The defensive pair endured a torrid game as the Reds lost once again to pile more misery on head coach Jurgen Klopp. Matip was at fault for the opener after scoring an own goal after just five minutes and Wolves doubled their advantage seven minutes later, with Craig Dawson netting his first goal for the club. It soon got worse for Klopp's men after wasting chances to get themselves back into the game, with Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah struggling for form, and it was Ruben Neves who completed the rout to down the Merseyside outfit and secure a deserved win for Julen Lopetegui's side. Liverpool, meanwhile, are still yet to record a Premier League win in 2023 and have not won on the road since November in the Premier League. Their poor run of form has coincided with Virgil van Dijk's absence, and Carragher believes the Dutchman's absence is exposing some underachieving players in the team. READ MORE: Liverpool urged to pinch Thiago Silva to form Van Dijk partnership Only days ago, the former Reds defender suggested that issues with the medical department at Liverpool had contributed to the club's sudden dip in form this season, as well as a rise in injuries on the pitch. "Medically wise, they have had a really bad season in terms of injuries," Carragher told Sky Sports. "Sometimes that can be down to bad luck, sometimes that can be down to the way injuries are looked after, who is involved. "They have not replaced a doctor (Jim Moxon) who left in the summer, whether that is a problem or not, I am not sure. But they have had really bad luck and they need to sort that medical department one way or another." DON'T MISSLiverpool's summer shortlist as Klopp faces Bellingham conundrumLiverpool's Darwin Nunez had transfer warning from former Man City aceLiverpool shown what they're missing in damaging transfer blunder Having seen Liverpool fall to another embarrassing defeat away from Anfield, Carragher pointed the finger at the likes of Matip and Gomez for failing to step up in Van Dijk's absence. "It’s not too difficult to play centre-back next to the leader of the back four, judge CBs when they have to lead themselves. Shambolic," he tweeted to his 2.1 million followers shortly after the game. The result at Molineux leaves Klopp's side down in 10th in the table and some 10 points off the top-four, falling further behind Manchester United after they beat Crystal Palace. Despite Carragher's clear opinion that the defence were at fault, the German boss did not believe that it was the sole reason for their defeat. "The leadership [defensively] is missing but this is not my first explanation, I really think in the specific situation we could have and should have done better," Klopp told BBC Sport. "We have to do better in these moments by not coming to this situation in the game so not chasing the game. We didn't finish things off properly, we missed the last pass, the intensity we played at times was good but we have put ourselves in a really average position for the two goals. "We better change it. That's true, 100%. I have no words for it really, I'm sorry." FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!