The Queen Consort looked remarkably well in her first public appearance since she tested positive for coronavirus. Camilla appeared in high spirits as she hosted a reception at Clarence House to mark the second year of the Reading Room, and even joked about being "Covid-free". Her Majesty dazzled as she spoke with authors, publishers, members of the literary community and representatives of literacy charities she supports as part of her effort to promote literacy across society. During the event, Camilla even made her guests and King Charles III grin widely at the beginning of the address she delivered, focused on her hopes for the future of the Reading Room. The monarch was standing behind his wife on the stairs at Clarence House, their main residence in London. As Camilla was beginning her speech, she turned around to look at him and, with a note of cheekiness in her voice, said: "Your Majesty." This prompted both the guests and the King to start laughing. She sparked more smiles later on, as she continued: "Ladies and gentlemen, it's a huge pleasure to welcome you all - writers, publishers and book lovers - to Clarence House. "A week late, but Covid-free, so thank you very much for rejigging your busy diaries and coming today." In her address, Camilla touched upon the memorable speech given by John Steinbeck after he won the Nobel Prize for Literature, words she said should be "on the desk of every author as an encouragement and a reminder of the 'ancient commission of the writer'." She also seemingly waded into the controversy sparked following the decision by the Roald Dahl's estate and the publisher Puffin to make some changes to the language used by the author in his bestselling children's books to make them more suitable to modern sensibility. The Queen Consort told authors and publishers at Clarence House: "Please remain true to your calling, unimpeded by those who may wish to curb the freedom of your expression or impose limits on your imagination. Enough said." In her speech, Camilla also teased "lots of excitements" while speaking about the Reading Room's future projects, which she said started "as a list of nine of my favourite books, literally scribbled on a piece of paper during the first lockdown." READ MORE: Diana and Charles pictured in rare unseen pictures with baby William The Reading Room was launched in early 2021 and was initially an online book club purely based on Instagram. In it, the then Duchess of Cornwall appeared in brief clips in which she spoke about her love for reading and books. The account also included book suggestions released each season as well as Q&As with writers. The successful project, which quickly gathered thousands of followers united by their shared enthusiasm for literature, later expanded to become also a website featuring exclusive interviews with authors and experts. Camilla even lent her space to Kate, Princess of Wales, who spoke about the importance of reading for the development of youngsters and suggest some of her favourite children's books. This reception was initially due to take place on Wednesday last week, but was one of the engagements that had to be rescheduled after Camilla got infected with COVID-19. On February 13, Buckingham Palace said in a statement: "After suffering the symptoms of a cold, Her Majesty the Queen Consort has tested positive for the Covid virus. "With regret, she has therefore cancelled all her public engagements for this week and sends her sincere apologies to those who had been due to attend them." Hours earlier, the Palace had informed the public Camilla would pull out of her visit in the West Midlands scheduled for Valentine's Day as she was experiencing a "seasonal illness". On Wednesday, Camilla was meant to join King Charles for a visit to The Felix Project, which aims at tackling both food waste and food poverty. However, the Queen Consort pulled out of the engagement despite having made an "excellent recovery". The Palace said: "Her Majesty has made an excellent recovery from last week's illness. "However, to allow for additional preparation ahead of Thursday's rescheduled literary reception and other commitments, Her Majesty will not be attending today's Felix Project engagement. His Majesty's diary remains unaffected."