Thierry Henry has labelled Robbie Savage as the biggest trash talker he came across in his football career. The Arsenal legend has served as a pundit for CBS Sport during the round of 16 Champions League matches and the subject of the sport’s biggest talker came up while in conversation with Jamie Carragher and Micah Richards. Henry spent eight years playing the Premier League for Arsenal and is widely regarded as one of the best ever to grace the English game. He often came up against Savage between 1999 and 2007, with the Welshman a regular for Leicester, Birmingham and Blackburn during the period. It appears Savage left a lasting legacy on Henry’s playing career too, with the Frenchman describing him as the gobbiest player he came across during his time as a football. It is fair to say the former midfielder had a reputation for being a bit of a talker regularly clashing with other players, managers and referees. “I would say he shouldn't have done it but it was Robbie Savage,” Henry said when asked who was the biggest trash talker in football. “You were just like ‘please carry on talking’ because we were going to you know (win). I like it, wind me up, but you won't be able to match it after so stop talking. READ MORE: Michael Owen leaves Champions League fans perplexed with Nunez comment “When you talk like that normally, no disrespect to Robbie, but when you talk like that you have to back it up.” He was then pushed by fellow pundit Richards on the matter with the Englishman asking: “So you are saying he couldn't back it up?” and Henry was prepared to double down on his stance responding: “Every time we played. Not often.” Richards and third pundit Carragher also gave their answers. The former Manchester City defender argued in favour of Clint Dempsey while Craig Bellamy was the Scouser’s pick. All three noisily reacted in way of agreement to each suggestion. DON'T MISS...Jordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid lossCarragher goes in on Liverpool and Van Dijk after Real Madrid defeat It should be said that there is no indication of any bad blood between Henry and Savage today. The duo have appeared as pundits on the BBC together during major tournaments in the past and appear to have a friendly relationship. Henry, Carragher and Richards had each been offering their analysis on Wednesday’s Champions League matches. RB Leipzig earned a 1-1 draw at home to Manchester City while Inter Milan take a 1-0 lead into the second leg against Porto.