There are a lot of questions surrounding Prince Harry’s book, Spare, and Psychiatrist Dr Raj Persaud has tried to answer them based on psychological theories; including why the royal wrote the book and included so many personal details, and whether Harry believes he can reconcile with the Royal Family. In a video posted to TalkTV’s YouTube channel, Dr Raj said he believes a “lot of people are interested in Harry’s motivation for writing the book Spare” and at “first glance it seems very puzzling”. “Most people have problems in their family; competitiveness between siblings, unhappiness about the way one parent let’s say, may have discriminated or treated one child better than the other. What we don’t tend to do is reveal all these family problems to complete strangers. “Another notion a psychologist would be interested in is birth order; birth order was a very popular theory in the 1960s in psychology, and birth order says your personality is shaped by the order in which you were born. “The research evidence indicates, for example, the oldest born tends to be the chairman and CEO of companies, statistically more likely than the younger sibling. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is a ‘performer’ when in public - expert claims “The firstborn is often given status by the parent, an authority position and tends to conform more and often take on authority roles later on in life.” He continued: “Interestingly enough, in relationship to this book Harry has written, the younger sibling or the youngest in the birth order tends to be rebellious. “What this book represents is a big rebellion against the family, and that is explained by the psychology of birth order," he claimed. “Birth order psychology predicts the older born will conform, tend to adopt authority roles and tend to take the side of authorities. "And birth order theory predicts the younger sibling will be rebellious, upset the apple cart, be unhappy with the status quo and more likely to cause trouble. And this is as predicted in this book,” Dr Raj summarised. DON'T MISS...Clever storage method to keep avocados 'perfectly green' for 10 days [GUIDE]Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required [EXCLUSIVE]50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream [COMMENT] The expert also discussed another “theory psychologists would think about to [try and] explain this book” and that was “the notion of the power of the comparison effect”. Dr Raj explained: “The psychology of the comparison effect, is that you never feel good about how well you’re doing in life, in some kind of object sense, instead it’s always a comparison… and you’ll feel unhappy with your lot. How good you feel about your life, isn’t dependent on how well you’re actually doing, it depends on who you compare yourself to. “Well in this particular case, Harry, or someone second in line to the throne would always be comparing themselves to the first in line and maybe that comparison means that no matter how well they’re doing, they never feel they’re doing as well, as the person they’re comparing themselves to. “The reason why I think this theory is interesting is the reaction has been 'Prince Harry leads a very privileged life and is doing very well financially, why on earth is he discontent?’ READ MORE: Meghan's ‘go-to meal’ uses ingredient mother Doria 'always used' “Well, comparison theory says it’s obvious why he’s discontent; no matter how well he’s doing, he’s always comparing himself to his older brother and he will never be the King.” Dr Raj also watched ITV’s Tom Bradby’s interview and gave his opinion on whether Harry believes he can repair his relationships with his family. “The answers he gave, Harry does believe he can reconcile what’s happened and he can get back into a positive relationship with his family,” the expert said. “Many people would argue that’s a somewhat naive view; his assessment of what he’s done when he says he ‘doesn’t intend to hurt members of [his] family’. What he’s doing is arguing he’s setting the record straight and putting his case, which I think is a bit naive." Dr Raj went onto say that "no matter what we think we’re doing, we have to think about how is it going to be received by other people". “I think Harry believes he can get back together [with his family] but that is based on an idea that he feels he’s open to a rapprochement. “The true question that doesn't appear to be answered by Harry in the interviews, is what does he think the reactions are going to be of the people he’s trying to get back in with [in response to Spare]? And how is he going to resolve that reaction?” Dr Raj Persaud is a Consultant Psychiatrist who also holds a degree in psychology that he obtained with First Class Honours. In addition he has been awarded over eight degrees and diplomas including a Master's in Statistics. He has also been recognised for the innovative nature of his research by the receipt of numerous academic awards and prizes including the prestigious Royal College of Psychiatrists Research Medal and Prize and The Maudsley Hospital's own Denis Hill Prize plus the exclusive medical award, the Osler Medal.