The Church of England are considering using gender-neutral terms when referring to God and Good Morning Britain welcomed Anglican Priest Charlie Bell and Evangelical pastor Graham Nicholls onto the show to give their opinion. However, ITV viewers slammed the debate as "ludicrous" and claimed "woke has taken over". This Spring, the Church of England is launching a project to decide whether or not to propose changes to how they address God. It comes after priests have been asked to consider using alternative terms for God other than the traditional “he”. If changes were to be made, they would need to be approved by the synod, the Church’s decision-making body which could change teachings dating back millennia. Discussing the proposed change on Good Morning Britain, host Susanna Reid asked: "Is our Father, actually a woman?” READ MORE:Happy Valley writer worried over finale after star 'wasn't happy'     Charlie replied: “For millennia, we’ve tried to find words to speak about God, in a sense that’s always been part of the Christian challenge, it’s part of the challenge for any religion. “I think the arguments over whether changing “Our Father” to be more gender neutral can very easily end up being curtain-twitching moral panic. “In a sense, we’re just talking about trying to find ways of talking about God as we begin to develop our language, as we understand more about human beings in the modern world.” Charlie told the hosts God is not a man despite the all-mighty being referred to as our father.    However, Graham believes God should be referred to in the same way he’s spoken about in the Bible. He commented: “I think it’s more about trying to accommodate to culture in an unhelpful way and not a good way.” Although the Evangelical pastor agreed with Charlie that God is neither male nor female, he reiterated people should be using the terminology that is used in the Bible. It wasn’t long before viewers took to social media to share their strong opinions on the debate. DON'T MISS... Shamima Begum should be 'given chance' to return says old ISIS recruit [VIDEO] BBC viewers want apology for ‘speculation’ over missing Nicola Bulley [REACTION] Happy Valley star slapped in supermarket by stranger over role [HAPPY VALLEY]    Taking to Twitter, Alyb31 slammed: “The first thing I see when I wake up [sic]. When are these ludicrous suggestions going to stop!! "God is man .., always has and always will be… leave something as it was and should be please!!!!” Jiggybulko commented: “Why are we now changing our language, and changing history? This is awful and shouldn’t be aired, it’s forcing ‘gender’ agendas.” Debbied12345 said: “Oh this is just beyond anything I’ve heard please get a grip.”   BLPhotos2020 added: “Just what is the point anymore….woke has taken over the world.” Twitter user JBR718 swiped: “And we wonder why the world is so messed up? God is a man to me and as a woman, I have no issues with that.” With nicos_nick1geo saying: “Ridiculous!! Country becoming a joke.” Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV from 6am.