Former Liverpool goalkeeper David James has warned Jurgen Klopp it would "not bode well" to sign another forward in the summer transfer window as part of his squad rebuild. The Reds looks set to overhaul their squad after a disappointing season so far and recent speculation has linked the Merseyside club with France forward Randal Kolo Muani, but the German boss has been told he has enough quality in his disposal already. The 24-year-old was one of the breakout stars at the World Cup in Qatar and scored in the semi-final against Morocco, as well as coming on a substitute in the final before their penalty shootout defeat to Argentina. Kolo Muani has scored 13 goals in the Bundesliga this season and registered 10 assists, catching the eye of some of Europe's biggest clubs including Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain. Recently, French outlet L’Equipe reported that both Manchester United and Liverpool 'intend to sign him' in the summer and both clubs are willing to spend big to win the race for his signature. READ MORE: Four signings Liverpool may make this summer after Jurgen Klopp demand But James believes that after splashing out over £180million on Darwin Nunez, Cody Gakpo and Luis Diaz over the past 12 months, Klopp does not need to strengthen his strikeforce with any more big-money arrivals. "I had a conversation recently with Dirk Kuyt regarding how there’s a perception that the only way for a team to improve is by buying players," the former England stopper said, speaking to GGRecon. "Nunez and Gakpo have come in, Mo Salah has signed a new deal and Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino are back from injury. "I would argue that Liverpool have enough forwards at the club already. You can get in a position where you can have too many talented, expensive forwards, where it doesn’t bode well for actual success on the pitch. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp accepts 'people want me out' in long rantKlopp and Carragher disagree as Liverpool devise £135m Bellingham planCarragher tells Liverpool to sign five players and addresses Klopp axe “Liverpool’s success in the past was not going out and being the biggest spenders, it was about getting players that people were surprised by as opposed to expecting, with those surprises turning out into top drawer players. "Liverpool’s success has been about recruiting lesser known players and turning them into superstars and they should follow that model. If everybody knows about a certain player, then I don’t believe that would work for Liverpool.” Kolo Muani is said to be keen on a move to the Premier League, but the underlying issue for United and Liverpool is that his club Eintracht Frankfurt are demanding a massive amount to let him leave. The report says the club want £88m (€100m) for their highly-rated forward, despite signing the Frenchman on a free transfer from Nantes only eight months ago. The German club are notorious for extracting eye-watering transfer fees for their star players - Luka Jovic, Sebastien Haller and Andre Silva to name a few - and it appears it will be no different with Kolo Muani. And with a move for Kolo Muani looking unlikely, it may allow Klopp to concentrate on improving his midfield, with Jude Bellingham, Matheus Nunes and Mason Mount all thought to. beon his shortlist.