Arsenal great Thierry Henry has told the Gunners squad to remain composed and not give up on their Premier League title hopes. Mikel Arteta's side were leapfrogged by Manchester City on Wednesday following a 3-1 defeat to the reigning champions. City are back top of the table at the end of a game week for the first time since August. Arsenal had been flying high ever since and were dreaming of a first title in 19 years. However, they now face the prospect of having to play catch-up against a team who are notoriously strong when in front. Arsenal do still have a game in hand but have two further matches to play before that comes into account. Henry won two league titles in his time as a player with Arsenal. He has stressed the importance of bouncing back quickly, starting this Saturday away at Aston Villa. READ MORE: Chelsea embarrassed as three stars flop vs Dortmund to pile pressure on Potter  The Frenchman said on CBS Sports: "I thought the cup game was very significant because it does matter when you're playing against a team that you're fighting for the title. Now they've come to your place and they beat you. "Can you now show that you can respond? Because since the beginning of the season, City have had to respond to what Arsenal was doing. "Can you keep your composure, go to Villa and rectify that straight away at the weekend? And show that you can be with them all the way and try to do something at their ground. "Because now it's going to be very difficult. Man United are behind, I don't know if they can actually stay with City and Arsenal, who knows." DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Key figures 'jealous of Tottenham' as Qatar lead raceArsenal boss Arteta let down by three players in nightmare Man City defeatChelsea told they've signed a new Fabregas as key quality pointed out  Henry says the Arsenal players must not dwell on the disappointment of losing to City and cannot throw away what has been built by Arteta so far this season. He added: "But just stay calm, you lost against a great team today. "[Phil] Foden comes on, [Manuel] Akanji comes on, do you have the same bench at Arsenal? I'm not too sure. "But keep your composure, you lost that one, it doesn't mean everything now has to go in the bin. Keep your composure, go and try to rectify that straight away against Villa and see what you can do. "You've still got a game in hand, now it's going to be tough though."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here