For several years Oscar was an important cog in the Chelsea side alongside Eden Hazard, Frank Lampard and John Terry but left for China during his peak years as a footballer and left many Blues fans wondering what could have been if the Brazilian remained at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea paid around £25million to sign him from Internacional and he enjoyed four-and-a-half fruitful years at the club before surprisingly deciding to move to China in 2016. During the Chinese Super League boom, Shanghai SIPG paid £60m to take the Brazil international to the far east and was handed a weekly salary of £400,000-a-week. Oscar had one of the most lucrative contracts in world football and has since earned more than £100m in wages. The ex-Chelsea star is now reportedly worth £57m ($70m) according to Celebrity Net Worth, £8m ($10m) more than his former Blues team-mate Kevin De Bruyne who has gone on to become arguably the best playmaker in the Premier League. While Kylian Mbappe’s net worth sits at just £35m ($43m) despite being one of the sport’s most recognisable faces after his success with Paris Saint-Germain and France. In Oscar’s first year away from Chelsea, he was reported to have made around £24m ($30m) in salary and endorsements, as he signed a deal with Adidas upon moving to Shanghai and he was also a Calvin Klein underwear model. READ MORE: Chelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez The Brazilian was one of many that sought a big payday in China, though they have since introduced a salary cap that has prevented foreign players from earning more than £2.4m ($3m) per year. After spending seven years at the club, he has been linked with moves back to Europe but the 30-year-old was denied a transfer to Brazilian club Flamengo in the summer. He had been pictured wearing the club’s shirt as he was set for a move back to his homeland, though Oscar claimed that Shanghai blocked the move at its final stages and he was forced to stay at the club. Many have questioned his decision to leave a promising career in the Premier League behind to amass his huge fortune in Asia, though Oscar believes he made the right decision for his family.  "Every football player, or every person who works, wants to earn money to help their families," Oscar told The Guardian in 2017. "I came from a social background in Brazil that is very poor. We didn’t have anything. “This is the fruit of my work and when I earn this, it is because I conquered it. The same way I came here, I will be able to return to Europe. Whatever decision I make, somebody will talk good or bad about it. "All the foreign players who come here are at a really high level. China has incredible financial power and sometimes makes offers that players can’t refuse."