King Charles' coronation is set to cause tensions to explode between the Sussexes and the Firm as neither the King nor Prince William reportedly have any intention of giving Prince Harry the apology he has demanded. There are just over 70 days to go until the major royal event on May 6, with still no confirmation as to whether Harry will be able to attend the biggest event of his father's life with his family.  According to unnamed sources close to the family, the situation has reached a "toxic boiling point." One told the Daily Mail: "There is still a huge amount of ill will boiling over in the family."  "Save the date" cards are reportedly set to be sent out in just two weeks' time to the 2,000 guests selected for the ceremony - leaving just a short time for relations to be improved if the Sussexes are to attend. This number of guests represented a significant paring down compared to the 8,521 who attended the last coronation - Queen Elizabeth II's in 1953. This has reportedly been done to make the event more streamlined amid the cost of living crisis. The sources' claims come amid a swirl of speculation as to whether Harry and Meghan will come to the historic ceremony - with some commentators claiming the pair will voluntarily not attend, while others say Kate and William will take the opportunity to reconcile the so-called "Fab Four".  Despite having quit his royal duties, Harry, 38, reportedly still has an "open" invitation to all events as a member of the family. But recent media appearances by the Sussexes, including their Netflix documentary, Prince Harry's memoir Spare and accompanying interviews, have left their relationship with the royal family very tense, according to insiders. Dickie Arbiter, the Queen’s spokesman for 12 years, told The Express: “Charles will be angry and upset because he loves his son. He is a dad, a parent, and no matter what, siblings fight and do not necessarily get on with each other.  “But for a parent to lose his son in this way is very sad.” Omid Scobie, a journalist with links to the Sussexes who also penned Meghan's biography, said of the California-based pair: "no-one knows their plans right now -  – the couple has yet to be invited and can't make a decision, nor any form of itinerary, until that happens". READ MORE: Charles moves to scale back on 'major selling point of monarchy' [REVEAL] Mr Scobie's claim was derided by anonymous sources, however, with the Mail claiming one said: "As if a piece of gold-embossed card would change everything. The problem goes far, far deeper than that." In his book Spare, Prince Harry describes the King as emotionally distant, and alleges that upon Harry's birth, Charles said to Diana: "Wonderful! Now you’ve given me an heir and a spare – my work is done." Meanwhile, he alleges that William physically assaulted him after labelling Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, triggering a brawl during which the Duke of Sussex was knocked over and injured after landing on a dog bowl. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out' of Coronation after funeral snub [REVEAL]Kate and William to 'extend hand of friendship' to Harry at Coronation [INSIGHT]Prince George to be a 'focus' at King Charles's Coronation [ANALYSIS] Harry said he saw a “red mist” descend on his brother during a heated argument in 2019, claiming William “wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to”. William's wife Kate was also not spared from the Prince's allegations, and is portrayed as uptight and jealous of Meghan - who she is pitted against throughout the biography. It was in an interview with ITV's Tom Bradby ahead of Spare's official publication that Harry delivered the ultimatum to the Royal Family. When asked if he will come to the coronation if invited, the Duke said there was “a lot that can happen between now and then”. He then issued a six-word ultimatum to the palace, who have declined to comment on the allegations made by the Sussexes, saying: “The ball is in their court.”