Coronation Street's Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) has been desperate to try and organise the best wedding for her and Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard), using her social media influence to try and get things for free. However, when Justin (Andrew Still) got a new job as a delivery man and found her number on the parcel, he began to flood her with messages once again. During Wednesday night's episode, Daisy was forced to report Justin to the police once again as she was drowning under the pressure and anxiety of his stalking. However, viewers of the ITV soap were left furious when her situation was brushed under the carpet and felt the Weathefield police should be doing more to support her. The impact of Justin's stalking is taking a toll on Daisy as she was left feeling uneasy at the arrival of a man, who was sent to help organise the food and cake for her wedding. When setting up the meeting, Daisy was initially told she would be meeting with a woman so was left feeling uncomfortable when a man arrived and explained he'd been sent instead as his colleague was tied up. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence Daisy sat through the consultation with the help of her former stepmother Jenny Connor (Sally-Ann Matthews). However, as the meeting ended and the gentleman left The Rovers, Jenny noticed that Daisy was withdrawn and hadn't really been paying attention to what was being said. Later, an emotional Daisy showed Daniel the messages she had been constantly receiving and was left concerned when appearing to read a death threat from Justin. Daniel insisted that they went straight to the police station and wanted to make sure they weren't taking any chances. However, when Daisy sat down with PC Scott, he played down Justin's behaviour and described his actions as a simple "crush", suggesting that it wasn't a surprise as Daisy is a "pretty" woman. Daisy was made to go through the whole ordeal from start to finish once again and told to fill out a report, whilst PC Scott photocopied the log she had been making. However, before Daisy left he told her: "Until he [Justin] commits a crime, there is nothing more we can do!" Feeling deflated, Daisy and Daniel returned home and were greeted with yet more bad news and her phone started to ping once again. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [LATEST]Coronation Street exit for Max Turner as fans spot worrying clue  [WATCH]Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall [INSIGHT] But the pair were left stunned to see that it was PC Scott who had gone onto her social media page and liked all of the pictures she had posted on her last holiday. Feeling hopeless, Daisy told an equally horrified Daniel: "This just gets worse and worse..." Coronation Street fans were left stunned at the scenes and took to their Twitter accounts to share their disgust at how the situation was being handled. @mikepriestley13 tweeted: "The police action took after daisy's complaint is disgusting.. so the police are saying till Justin starts hitting her or actually throws acid which he does the police will do something. Bit late then isn’t it? Appalling from the police #Corrie."(sic) @suzysasha wrote: "#Corrie Unbelievable that the police can't do anything for Daisy. There has to be some kind of law brought in to deal with these saddos." @pam_debeauvoir said: "Police, please take Daisy seriously. Awful response has steam coming out my ears #Corrie." Sharon Ambrose commented: "Given the extent of women being harassed or stalked today and the police not protecting us!!! Then the policeman's attitude to Daisy was beyond belief. She's just pretty!! I'm hoping this storyline doesn't go on and on like the Stephen scenario." Chloe Edwards exclaimed: "Shocked to see the scenes from Daisy's case today! Surely the amount of evidence she has they would be able to do something! ANYTHING!" (sic) Many fans were left wondering if there was a legal blunder, as harassment and stalking are classed as offences under the Protection from Harassment Act 1997 and (where the offending is racially or religiously aggravated) the Crime and Disorder Act 1998. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.