The partner of missing mother-of-two Nicola Bulley was seen making a visit to where she was last seen today and meeting an international dive expert he and her family requested scour the river for any sign of her. World's best sonar tech has been deployed on the River Wyre, Lancs, for the last three days as efforts where stepped up to try and find Ms Bulley after she went missing on January 27. Paul Ansell, 44, was pictured with diving expert Peter Faulding who told the anxious father "she's not here" during a third extensive day of searching along the river. The pair were photographed close to the banks of the waterway on the chilly February day as Mr Faulding appeared to be explaining the progress of his search to Mr Ansell who has been desperate to find the whereabouts of his missing loved one. Police probing Nicola Bulley's disappearance today reiterated their theory that she fell into the river - but admitted she "could have left the area with someone". Superintendent Sally Riley, from Lancashire Constabulary, said it was the investigator's "main belief" Ms Bulley had fallen into the river which empties out into the sea some 12 miles downstream at Fleetwood on Morecambe Bay. READ MORE: President Zelensky met with roaring applause as he enters 10 Downing St with Rishi Sunak At the river today Ms Bulley's friend also joined Mr Ansell and the dive specialist Mr Faulding, the founder of Specialist Group International (SGI), who has been assisting Lancashire Police dive teams searching for a possible body in the stretch of water. Private underwater expert Peter Faulding, 60, earlier suggested that there could be "third party involvement" in the case, adding he was so far "baffled". Supt Riley said her officers were sifting through "thousands" of pieces of information, provided by the members of the public, the local community and her family and friends. She also revealed they were trying to track down 700 vehicles that drove through St Michael's on Wyre between 9.10 am and 9.15 am when Ms Bulley was last seen. The officer said they had so far completed a search of a one-mile stretch of water and vowed that her team would find her, but while the police's belief is she fell into the river is based on the fact there have been no sightings of her leaving the area, one exit from the river walk is not covered by CCTV. Addressing a press conference today (Tuesday), Supt Riley said: "We've now identified around 700 vehicles that drove through the village on that morning, on January 27, at around 9.10, 9.15. "We're in the process of speaking to all of those drivers to see if they have any dashcam footage, what they saw on that day or anything they saw that might be of value to the police inquiry. "We have received literally thousands of pieces of information from the public, the wider community, Nicola's family and friends. This means at the moment, there are about 500 active pieces of information and lines of inquiry that we are working on to try and find answers for Nicola's family. Our main belief is that Nicola did fall into the river…I do believe we will find Nicola."  She added: "The inquiry team remains fully open-minded to any information that may indicate where Nicola is or what happened to her." Private underwater expert Peter Faulding had questioned if the police main theory of Ms Bulley falling in the river was still valid. But Superintendent Riley said this was not the force's theory while thanking Mr Faulding's company, Specialist Group International (SGI), for offering their services for free. She said: "I thank SGI for the help that they've given to the team. As I said before, our search has not found Nicola in the river. "A 're-search' by SGI has found the same. That does not mean, as I said a minute ago, that Nicola has not been in the river. "Our main belief is that Nicola did fall into the river. Clearly, Mr Faulding isn't including within all the investigation detail, any more than any members of the public are." "A 15-kilometre stretch of the river is a complex, difficult and moving body of water to search. I do believe we will find Nicola, but nature is a powerful force." DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley’s friend identifies critical ‘blind spot’ in desperate appeal for evidence