It is no surprise that female royals have similar dresses to one another - if the unspoken rules of royal style are to dress modestly, in simple cuts and colours, there is going to be some overlapping in people's fashion sense. An example of this is Queen Camilla and Princess Beatrice. Despite their age gap, the two women have donned similar style dresses in the past. Last week, Princess Beatrice stepped out in a black and white dress very similar to a garment Queen Camilla first wore in 2021. The Princess visited the research lab at the Centre For Cell Biology and Cutaneous Research at Queen Mary University, London, on Tuesday, February 7. She wore a black and white dress with a geometric pattern from popular high street brand Topshop. Her dress had a high, round neckline and its skirt flowed to the royal's ankles. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests The dress was black but had a white pattern, which looked like pairs of leaves, laid out in vertical lines. Beatrice matched the garment with a smart, black, tight-fitted blazer and black boots. The boots were made of shiny leather and had a chunky heel and pointed toes. The royal accessorised with a thick black belt, which she had buckled around her jacket, cinching in her waist. This was very different to how Camilla, Queen Consort, styled her monochrome dress back in 2021.  Like Beatrice's garment, Camilla's dress featured a pattern that looked like pairs of leaves, laid out beside each other in lines. The dress was black and the pattern white. It had a flowing skirt that reached just below the then Duchess of Cornwall's knees. Its neckline, though, was a little different to Beatrice's as it seemed to have a tiny zip. The dress' sleeves were long, while Beatrice's were hidden because of her jacket. READ MORE: Meghan didn't get any 'guidance' as she did 'weird gesture' with Harry Camilla styled her dress with a pearl necklace and a pair of black and cream heels. The heels themselves were cream, but with black toes. Royal fans were quick to comment on Camilla's outfit, with many praising her look. One Instagram user wrote: "Both the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Cornwall look effortlessly lovely." Another user said: "Beautiful SM the Queen and the Duchess of Cornwall, elegant beautiful as ever."[sic] Royal fans also commented on Beatrice's outfit last week. Instagram user @caroline_gone wrote: "This whole look is sublime." User @mcconaghie.jo commented: "Gorgeous love the dress and the cut and style of the jacket." User @ellainthecityboston wrote: "Adore this look on Bea." User @pamascarenhas said: "Love the look, so chic and modern." Rachel Hannam added: "Bea looks more and more fab every time. Love this look for her. She’s oozing confidence - and I’m not surprised. Her hair looks beautiful."