Over 300 GP surgeries were found to be substandard in the latest inspection by the independent health and adult social care regulator in England. Although this represents a minority of the roughly 6,500 practices in the country, the disappointing scorecard is yet another indicator of the strains on the NHS. Express.co.uk has mapped the findings so you can find out how your local fares...     An analysis by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) has rated 51 GP surgeries across England as “inadequate” – the worst of four rankings the healthcare watchdog can give. A further 251 were found to be requiring improvement as of the latest update on February 1, bringing the total of unsatisfactory practices to 302. London was found to have the highest number of surgeries deemed to be inadequate, with nine in total, but also had the highest number of under-performing surgeries as a whole. You can find the practices in your area with the lowest ratings using our interactive map below. Just enter your postcode to zoom into your area: READ MORE: Long A&E delays killed 23,000 people last year Londoners have been warned the capital has a combined total of 72 GP surgeries either requiring improvement or rated inadequate. Conversely, the best area for GPs, with the largest proportion of GP practices rated as “outstanding”, is in Derbyshire, followed closely by Cumbira. The areas have a 19.6 percent and 19.3 percent proportion of highly-rated GP services, respectively. The CQC aren’t the only people to rate GPs surgeries – patients have their say as well. Every year, the NHS carries out a survey where patients give their opinions on their GP surgery. Use the Reach Data Unit's analysis of these ratings to see how your local practice ranked using our gadget below. DON'T MISS:Three teenagers stabbed in Romford as police make one arrest [UPDATE]Gemma Atkinson shares fears for new baby after Mia's traumatic birth [INSIGHT]Row as public urged to 'share insults' after death of German princess [REVEAL]Matt Hancock red faced after wearing auctioned Newcastle United shirt [REPORT] A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson told MailOnline: “Overall more than 95 percent of GP practices have been rated as good or outstanding, and we continue to work tirelessly to ensure people get the care they need across the country. “We are improving access to general practice with almost 90,000 more appointments every working day of 2022 compared to the previous year. “The number of doctors in general practice has also risen by almost 500 in 2022 compared to 2021.” An NHS spokesperson also said: “The majority of surgeries across the country are rated 'good' or 'outstanding', with the most recent GP patient survey results showing more than seven in 10 people reported having a good overall experience of their GP practice. “The NHS has invested record amounts in primary care including support to local systems to improve services, with GP teams working flat out to deliver millions more patient appointments compared to before the pandemic.”  