Twelve EU countries are calling on the bloc to ramp up its response to states and private companies defying their sanctions on Russia. Express.co.uk understands that Belgium, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Spain and The Netherlands have prepared the document calling for a firm new stance from the EU, as senior officials prepare to come up with a tenth package of sanctions on Putin's regime. The EU's sanctions summit comes as the one-year anniversary of Putin's invasion of Ukraine nears on 24 February. The new measures could include restricting access to the EU single market if third nations or private firms are found to be in breach of the sanctions placed on Russia. This comes after Vladimir Putin said Russia is suspending its participation in a treaty aimed at keeping a lid on nuclear weapons expansion. The so-called New START Treaty was signed by Russia and the US in 2010. It caps the number of long-range nuclear warheads they can deploy and limits the use of missiles that can carry atomic weapons. Putin said Tuesday in a major address that Russia was not fully withdrawing from the treaty yet. He said Russia must stand ready to resume nuclear weapons tests if the US does so.  “We aren’t fighting the Ukrainian people,” Putin said in a speech days before the war’s first anniversary on Friday. Ukraine “has become hostage of the Kyiv regime and its Western masters, which have effectively occupied the country.” The speech reiterated a litany of grievances that the Russian leader has frequently offered as justification for the widely condemned war and ignored international demands to pull back from occupied areas in Ukraine. Observers are expected to scour it for signs of how Putin sees the conflict, which has become bogged down, and what tone he might set for the year ahead. The Russian leader vowed no military let-up in Ukrainian territories he has illegally annexed, apparently rejecting any peace overtures in a conflict that has reawakened fears of a new Cold War. Instead, he offered his personalized version of recent history, which discounted arguments by the Ukrainian government that it needed Western help to thwart a Russian military takeover. READ MORE: Woman claiming to be Madeleine McCann will take DNA test This comes against a backdrop of American and allied sanctions constraining Russia’s ability to wage war on Ukraine. The measures are degrading thousands of pieces of military equipment on the battlefield, according to a top Treasury Department official. Treasury Deputy Secretary Wally Adeyemo says in prepared remarks that as the war on Ukraine nears the one-year mark US sanctions are proving to mount military losses as intended on the Kremlin and its military machine. Adeyemo is set to deliver the speech Tuesday at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington. The financial penalties imposed by the US and its allies “have degraded Russia’s ability to replace more than 9,000 pieces of military equipment lost since the start of the war,” Adeyemo says in the prepared remarks, adding, “Russia has also lost up to 50% of its tanks.” DON'T MISS:We can avoid the cruel nature of mankind but we don't [INSIGHT]Mosque gets vile letter saying ‘not enough Muslims’ died in quakes[COMMENT]Turkey earthquake horror uncovered by satellite images show cracks[PICTURES]  More than 30 countries, including the US, the EU nations, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Japan and others — representing more than half the world’s economy — have imposed price caps on Russian oil and diesel, instituted export controls, frozen Russian Central Bank funds and restricted access to SWIFT, the dominant system for global financial transactions. “While we have far more to do, we are succeeding in reversing the course of Russia’s budget and undercutting its military-industrial complex,” Adeyemo says. Adeyemo's defence of sanctions effectiveness follows President Joe Biden's unannounced visit to Ukraine on Monday to meet with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy before the Friday anniversary of the Russian invasion. “One year later, Kyiv stands,” Biden said after meeting Zelenskyy at Mariinsky Palace. “And Ukraine stands. Democracy stands. The Americans stand with you, and the world stands with you.”