 Russia has deployed nuclear-capable warships in the Baltic sea for the first time in 30 years, Norway has warned. The nordic intelligence report stated that the tactical nuclear weapon-armed vessels are a "particularly serious threat".    Norway announced in its intelligence report: “The key part of the nuclear potential is on the submarines and surface ships of the Northern Fleet. “The importance of nuclear weapons for Russia has increased significantly since the start of the war in Ukraine.” The report added: "Tactical nuclear weapons are a particularly serious threat." The Northern Fleet warships regularly went to sea with nuclear weapons during the Cold War era. READ MORE: New scans could identify those at risk of heart attacks 'years' early  However, this is the first time the modern Russian Federation has done the same, the report stated. While Russia also has submarine capabilities, anti-satellite weapons and cyber capabilities that could threaten Norway and the NATO military alliance, tactical nuclear weapons are “a particularly serious threat in several operational scenarios in which NATO countries may be involved,” the report said. The Kremlin also sent two Tu-95MS near US airspace for more than seven hours. They were paired with Su-30 fighter jets from Russia's Eastern Military District. DON'T MISSTurkey's earthquake has claimed more than 35,000 lives [UPDATE]Cop dies after horrific 40ft bridge fall [REVEAL]Hunt for anglers on river when Nicola Bulley disappeared [INSIGHT] Sen. Dan Sullivan said US pilots scrambled to intercept the Russian Tu–95 “Bear” bombers. The senator complimented the Alaska-based forces for intercepting the bomber after being intercepted by the press coming out of a military briefing that was related to the recent unknown objects shot down over North America. He said: “In Alaska, we went and intercepted those guys. “So huge shout out, these are huge mission, these are not easy missions….the men and women who are serving Alaska are doing an amazing job, an exceptional job.”  