Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is willing to pay another big-money transfer fee to keep Joao Felix at Stamford Bridge on a permanent basis ahead of next season, according to reports. Felix has turned plenty of heads with his strong performances since joining the Blues on loan from Atletico Madrid last month and does not appear to be overly keen on returning to the Spanish capital at the end of his temporary spell in west London. Felix was hugely impressive on his Chelsea debut against Fulham before he was sent off for a reckless tackle on Kenny Tete and chipped in with a goal upon his return to Premier League action at West Ham over the weekend. It seems as though Chelsea have already seen enough to decide they would like to keep Felix permanently and would be prepared to shell out up to £70million to buy him from Atletico in the summer, according to Cadena SER.It is said that Boehly has no qualms about spending another high-profile transfer fee on Felix in order to secure his services on a long-term basis when his loan spell at Chelsea expires at the end of the season. The Blues owner is reportedly aware that Barcelona have also been weighing up a move of their own and is looking to be well-placed to win the battle to land Felix when the bidding opens in the summer.Chelsea are believed to view Felix as a 'strategic player' for the future and would like him to remain on their books as they expect a 'gradual elevation' in his game over the coming months. Those in power at Stamford Bridge are 'very happy' with how Felix has performed thus far but there is still thought to be a chance that he will warm to the idea of returning to Atletico when the campaign draws to a close. JUST IN: Mason Mount's stance on quitting Chelsea as Liverpool and Man Utd loom Felix is unwilling to go back to his parent club if Diego Simeone remains in charge next season after falling out with the 52-year-old prior to joining Chelsea on loan in the January transfer window. He could reportedly be tempted to return if Simeone is sacked, although he would still 'not be displeased' by the prospect of staying at Chelsea permanently if the opportunity is right to continue under the guidance of Graham Potter.It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will be successful with a £70m bid for Felix in the summer, with Atletico said to be keen on moving the 23-year-old's weekly wages of around £250,000 off their books for the right price. However, it has been reported in Spain that Atletico could demand as much as £124m to let Felix leave given that he is tied down until the summer of 2027 after his contract was extended by another year last month. He recently insisted that he has thoroughly enjoyed his start to life with the Blues, though, which suggests that he would be eager to stay at the club if he is targeted for a permanent switch at the end of the season."I feel very good at Chelsea, I like the club," Felix told AS. "There’s no option to buy in the contract, so if they want to keep me they’ll have to find an agreement with Atletico. I’m getting to know the club, I like it. We never know the future." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.