A dad in the US who spent 42 years searching for his daughter tragically died just five days before her remains were found in a lake. Pamella Jackson, 17, was last seen travelling with best friend Sherri Miller in the Studebaker Lark to an end-of-year party - in 1971. The schoolgirls seemingly vanished off the face of the earth without trace - until a fisherman noticed the underside of the car floating in the lake many years later. It brought closure to a case which has mystified investigators, but the date of the discovery was marked by further tragedy due to the death of Pamella’s devoted dad, Oscar Jackson. The 102-year-old spent most days in the intervening years searching for Pamella, who disappeared while driving along a country lane in Vermillion, South Dakota. He died on September 18, 2013 in care. Pamella’s bones were found alongside Sherri’s in the front seat of the upside down car in Brule Creek on September 23, 2013. Oscar had searched creeks and woodland around Vermillion - a tiny city with a population of 12,000 - for any sign of Pamella. The 1960 Studebaker was found 100 yards from where the best friends were celebrating on the night of their disappearance. No foul play is suspected and the deaths have been ruled accidental - the result of a crash. There is no evidence of drugs or alcohol being used, according to investigators, who said one of the cars tyres appeared to have suffered a blowout. They believe this may have happened as the girls drove along a bridge over the creek. READ MORE: Remains of man missing for 47 years found in car at bottom of creek The case is being explored in a new book by award-winning journalist Lou Raguse, titled Vanished In Vermillion: The Real Story of South Dakota’s Most Infamous Cold Case. Raguse, who works for KARE 11 news in Minneapolis, spoke to the girls’ families during the process of writing the book. He told The Sun of conversations he had with Pamella and Oscar’s loved-ones. "[Oscar] devoted so much of his life to looking for her and spent so many hours searching ditches and even rivers,” Raguse said. DON'T MISS: Harry's rift is a 'dark cloud' hanging over King's head [EXCLUSIVE]White House hints new Brexit deal will 'open up' US-UK trade pact [INSIGHT]Fetterman's wife takes kids to Canada as ‘media circles' [SPOTLIGHT] "So, knowing how much time and energy he put in, searching in the wrong spots. They think that if he had known that she had been that close this whole time, it might have just completely broken him." Images released by police show the car’s tyres poking out of the dirty creek water, alongside the weather-worn documents found in their possession. School photos show bespectacled Pamella smiling while Sherri is wearing an orange turtleneck with a hair clip. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews