One Direction star Harry Styles was nominated for four awards and walked away with a clean sweep in each category. Beyonce, Becky Hill, Aitch, and The 1975 also scooped the coveted music award in their respective categories. However, viewers of the show were left annoyed by continuous technical blunders which led to a repeat of Adele's 2022 performance being shown. Opening the show, Mo exclaimed: "Hello and welcome to the Brit Awards 2023 in association with Mastercard we are live from the O2 in London. "And for the first time ever we are live on a Saturday night! Can I get an 'Oi oi'? That's right the tables are back in full effect. "You never know, we are in South London so we might all end up in a chicken shop, so boss man if you are watching, I'll have four wings and chips, please. "But listen, tonight we have performances from some exceptional musicians. We've got David Guetta, Lewis Capaldi, Cat Burns, Wet Leg and we have also got an exceptional performance from Sam Smith. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ "We got South London's very own Stormzy and it's the Brits so we're going international and we have only got the superstar herself, with the flu, Lizzo!" A little while later as ITV were desperate to get the technical issues resolved and to continue with the live music, Mo explained: "Now. "We have had some technical issues because it is live TV, these things happen and we are in the real world. "So while we get ready, here is a classic performance from last year's Brit Award winner, it's only Adele, check this out." A clip of her whole performance was aired which left some viewers annoyed with the lack of preparation at the awards ceremony. Taking to their Twitter page, @jamesgunnwrites fumed: "Cheek of #TheBrits to use Adele to fill time when she can't even get nominated for an award because of their daft category policy. #Brits2023 #Brits." @davidianedwards commented: "Now wtf happened with tech & why is Adele's performance from last year being played. #britawards2023 #thebrits."(sic) Mark Scales added: "I’m guessing #Adele is here to deliberately balance up the all-male best singer category. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson drives off in rage as he abandons restaurant opening [LATEST]Naga Munchetty caught moving away from BBC Breakfast co-star  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's identity as Chloe star drops clue [WATCH] "#TheBrits shot themselves in the foot there making the category non-gender specific. #TheBritAwards." (sic) David Chambers expressed: "Instead of just getting on with the awards, the BRITs decided to fill time with a performance we have already seen? Make it make sense." (sic) However, not all viewers of the show were annoyed with the time filler performance, with @CaseEames tweeting: "Best bit of #thebrits is this VT of Adele from last year. I’ll be turning it off now it’s finished." @clarap79 joked: "Adele just saved #thebrits and her performance was last years!" Dave Mann teased: "Two of the best parts of the #Brits2023 tonight when #Adele was shown from last year... and the other best part was the end!!! #TheBrits #TheBritAwards." Ashley Jenkin praised: "The Adele rerun is one of the highlights this year. #TheBrits." (sic) Harry Styles walked away with a Brit award for Best Pop/R&B, Album of the Year, Artist of the Year and Song of the Year. David Guetta walked away with Producer of the Year, and Beyonce took home two with International Song of the Year and International Artist of the Year. The Brit Awards is available to watch on ITVX.