Aston Villa icon Gabby Agbonlahor has torn into Chelsea manager Graham Potter and insists the 47-year-old should be sacked. The Blues were woeful once again in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon as they were beaten at home by bottom-of-the-table Southampton three days after losing to Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League. Agbonlahor did not like how Potter spoke after the defeat and refused to feel sorry for him after the Blues boss complained about having to shift his team around, which included bringing on £88million January signing Mykhaylo Mudryk off the bench in the second half. “He should be sacked for that post-match interview,” Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. “‘I had to make some changes due to the Champions League, I had to bring different players in against a settled, organised side.’ What are you talking about? “[Southampton] haven’t got a manager. You’re playing against a team in disarray who can’t get back-to-back wins together. And you complained that you had to bring [Mykhaylo] Mudryk off the bench? You had to start [Joao] Felix. Are you joking me?” Chelsea were second best throughout their encounter at Stamford Bridge as Kamaldeen Sulemana and Stuart Armstrong almost opened the scoring for Southampton in the first half. And the Saints eventually went ahead in stoppage time at the end of the opening period as England international James Ward-Prowse curled a sumptuous free-kick over the Blues wall and beyond home keeper Kepa Arrizabalaga. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover in doubt as Glazers step in with demand for Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Qatar Potter made six substitutes in the second half, with Mudryk being introduced to the action with 26 minutes remaining. Fellow sub Raheem Sterling saw two efforts blocked on the line as Chelsea faltered in front of goal once again. And the visitors went away with all three points as they claimed only their fifth top-flight win of the season. Chelsea are set to travel to Tottenham next Sunday before hosting Leeds at the start of March ahead of the second leg of their Champions League last-16 showdown with Dortmund. And if Potter isn’t able to turn his side’s fortunes around quickly, Agbonlahor could soon get his wish. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race   “After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable,” Potter explained after his team’s latest defeat. “We've had a tough period and are integrating young players into the Premier League. When results don't go your way it's tough. I'm not arrogant enough to say that their opinion isn't worth articulating. My job is to help the team and work through a team period. The truth is we took a step back with our performance in the first half. Our response in the second half was good, but it wasn't enough. “Southampton mixed the game well but our performance wasn't what we wanted in the first half and I take as much responsibility in that. Second half was good and we deserved a goal. But when you don't, it's obviously difficult.” 