Sarah Ferguson has shared three new posts on her Instagram page hinting at "new beginnings", with one post sharing details of how to pre-order her new book A Most Intriguing Lady, which is published next week. This year will also see the Duchess welcoming her third grandchild, as her youngest daughter Princess Eugenie announced her second pregnancy earlier this year. Fergie today deleted all her old posts, including ones featuring her grandson August and her granddaughter Sienna. Instead she shared two pictures of a lavish tea party, captioning one "Here's to the turn of a page..." and the second "And new beginnings..." One image featured a close-up of a lady pouring a cup of tea, whilst a second picture showed a perfectly arranged dinner table with a pastel pink theme, featuring strawberry mille-feuilles, fresh fruit and croissants. Fans were left mystified as to what the posts could signify, with one commenting: "Why have you deleted all your posts? Why the mysterious new posts?"  However as another fan correctly guessed the posts were promotion for her new book, as she shared a video one hour later explaining her cryptic messages. She captioned the video: "Lady Mary, what on earth have you been up to? My brand new historical romance novel, A Most Intriguing Lady, is on sale next week! "Her Heart for a Compass taught us to follow our hearts. A Most Intriguing Lady is about fresh starts, mystery and of course… romance." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's ultimate 'girl crush' featured in royal TV series Her new book has been described by Harper Collins as a "sweeping, romantic compulsively readable historical saga", with the Duchess confirmed to appear at the 92nd Street Y cultural centre in New York on March 6 while on the promotion trail. According to the press release she will be "talking about her relationship with the Queen and answer a few questions about Harry and Meghan". Instagram was also where Eugenie shared news of her second pregnancy, with a sweet photo of her son August kissing her bump while on a walk in the countryside. DON'T MISS:Palace attempts to 'distance themselves' from King's meeting with VDL [LATEST]Meghan and Harry were forced to 'sack' Archie's nanny after 'incident' [REPORT]Camilla subjected to 'totally demeaning' statement - expert [REVEAL] She wrote: "We’re so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer." The baby, due later this summer, will be a younger sibling to August, who turned two this month. Fergie's second grandchild Sienna arrived in September 2021, her eldest daughter Beatrice's first child. The Duchess of York was married to Prince Andrew from 1986 to 1996, however they have remained close since their divorce and still live together at Royal Lodge.