Manchester United star Victor Lindelof insists his team-mates’ focus remains on their hectic schedule amid the distractions off of the pitch of the club's high-profile takeover process. The Red Devils eased past Leicester on Sunday to extend their unbeaten run to eight matches. United remain in contention for a quadruple of trophies come the end of the season but their squad could be forgiven if they become distracted by the takeover process. The controversial Glazer family are selling the Premier League club and have set an asking price of £6billion. Bidders had a soft deadline of Friday evening to submit their proposals. A Qatari sheikh and Britain’s richest man are among those who have made mega-money proposals to buy the club. However, Swedish defender Lindelof says the players’ only focus has been on their ‘crazy’ schedule, which throws up a Europa League clash with Barcelona later this week. "At this club you want to play those kind of games," he said. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo settles big hotel bill as star moves into Saudi home "I think everyone is looking forward to it, so it's all about recovering and trying to get ready. The squad is very, very important, especially as we are in every competition at the moment. The schedule is crazy, so the team is always the most important thing and we've been performing great as a team. "I haven't given that (takeover) a thought, you know, especially now with the schedule. We can't think about that. We just have to think about the games and preparing the best that we can do. Whatever happens, happens, so we're just focusing on our performances." Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani announced on Friday that he had made a bid through his Nine Two Foundation. The son of the former emir is apparently confident that his bid is best placed to win the approval of the Raine Group - the bank overseeing the process. DON'T MISS...Man Utd takeover LIVE - Glazers make Ten Hag decisionMan Utd hero Gary Neville shares major fears over the Glazers stayingKlopp sends Karius message to Newcastle ahead of Carabao Cup final Al Thani’s proposal is debt-free and includes strong investment in the men’s and women’s team, as well as in the local area, although some reports claim the offer falls short of the Glazers’ valuation. His bid faces strong competition from Sir Jim Ratcliffe, who has promised to “put Manchester back into Manchester United”. Erik ten Hag’s squad have not shown that they have been distracted by the off-field turbulence. They have responded well to defeat by Arsenal in early January and are now eight unbeaten in all competitions. United face Barcelona at Old Trafford on Thursday, with the aggregate score locked at 2-2 after a thrilling first leg. They then face Newcastle in the EFL Cup Final on Sunday.