An innocent cyclist was pepper-sprayed by a Sergeant after having been "walloped and ferociously punched" by an officer in a lockdown stop and search. The shocking incident was captured on CCTV, sparking a misconduct hearing into the behaviour of Sergeant Jennifer Edwards.  The West Midlands Police Sergeant pepper-sprayed Michael Rose after he was attacked by disgraced PC Declan Jones. Jones was convicted and jailed over the attack and later took his own life. Footage of the incident from a nearby home shows Mr Rose being pressed against a car by the two officers at the height of lockdown in April 2020. PC Jones attacked Mr Rose with "vicious" blows to the ribs on Frederick Road in Aston, Birmingham. At a West Midlands Police disciplinary hearing almost three years later, Sgt Edwards denied breaching professional standards, reports Birmingham Live.  However, the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) - which investigated the case over 11 months - said misconduct had been proven in a published outcome. The watchdog said Sgt Edwards had been handed a final written warning that will stay on her record for four years. A spokesperson said: "At a two-day gross misconduct hearing organised by the force, which concluded on Tuesday, February 7, PS Edwards was found to have breached police standards of professional behaviour for use of force at the lower level of misconduct. "This was in respect of her use of PAVA spray on the second occasion during the incident." The statement went on: "She was also found to have breached the standards for conduct and for duties and responsibilities for not showing the man courtesy, consideration and respect and non-compliance with the requirements of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act (PACE). "The independently chaired disciplinary panel ruled that the officer’s actions amounted to misconduct - rather than gross misconduct - and handed PS Edwards a final written warning which will stay on her record for four years." On Monday, February 6, a hearing heard how Sgt Edwards followed and searched Mr Rose alongside PC Jones before PAVA spray was discharged twice. A breach of standards in relation to the reason given for the stop and search was not proven. Mr Rose explained he felt uncomfortable because the officers were not wearing face masks. But he insisted he had "nothing to hide". "That's why I didn't move," he said. "I had nothing to hide so I stayed there. I had never been stopped by the police before. That was the first time I had ever been." He added: "They had no masks. I was trying to keep myself away from them. They were roughing me up. I didn't want them in my face. "I was being roughed up for no reason. He slammed me against the car. Look, he is pushing my face down. He is taking off my mask and breathing in my face." Mr Rose's stepfather Bernard Jones later confronted Sgt Edwards and PC Jones. Giving evidence, Mr Jones - who lived on Frederick Road - described the attack as "vicious". "He wasn't resisting," Mr Jones said. "He was telling people to keep their distance. [PC Jones] walloped him three times with full force. Mikey is only a little thing." Following the outcome, community leader Bishop Desmond Jaddoo released a statement on behalf of Mr Rose and Mr John. He said: "We welcome the findings against Sergeant Edwards, who was the senior officer on the scene at the time when this occurred. "In the view of Mr Rose and Mr John [she] did nothing to de-escalate the attack Mr Rose was subjected to. "Although she has not lost her job, which in our opinion should have happened, we do welcome the final warning. "It is time the West Midlands Police Federation takes stock. I believe some officers have stereotypical views when policing inner-city areas and this is not a great advert for community relations. "However, on this occasion, the police officer has been held to account and it is hoped that moving forward community relations will improve. "We must remember the police need the community and the community need the police."