Fierce winds blew a bus off the road and into a ditch in Scotland early this morning, leaving the driver injured. The accident, on the A90 near Fraserburgh in Aberdeenshire, came as Storm Otto lashed northern Britain today. A picture suggested it had collided with a tree. A Police Scotland spokesman said: “We received a report of a crash involving a bus on the A90 near to Fraserburgh, around 6.50am on Friday, February 17. “The driver attended at hospital for treatment.” The storm, the first to be named this winter, has been labelled Otto by the Danish Meteorological Institute (DMI) and is expected to bring disruption to travellers across northern areas of the UK. The Met Office said gusts of 75-80mph had been recorded across parts of northern Scotland. TransPennine Express has warned customers to check their route before they travel, adding that trains between Berwick-upon-Tweed and Edinburgh will move at reduced speeds in response to the weather. The storm is move east across the far north of the UK from the early hours of today. JUST IN: West urged to cripple Putin’s ‘trojan horse’ company The Met Office has said the high winds will mean travel disruption and possible damage to buildings in places and warned the drivers of high-sided vehicles to be careful. Two lorries blew over on the A1(M) in North Yorkshire this morning, causing traffic problems, while the road was closed between junctions 60 and 59 in County Durham after two vehicles overturned, National Highways said. Also in North Yorkshire, a picture showed a large tree which had crashed on to a silver Porsche in Harrogate. DON'T MISSPutin massing fighter jets for 'aerial attack on Ukraine' [REPORT]Putin facing ‘critical weakness’ in Ukraine with tanks shortage [REPORT]Putin sends nuclear-warships to the Arctic for first time in decades [REPORT] Around 1,300 homes in Ripon and 1,330 homes near Chester-le-Street, County Durham, were left without power. Northern Powergrid also reported outages in Northumberland, Darlington and Leeds, with power for most not expected to be restored until 7pm on Friday. Leeds Bradford Airport remained open but a spokesperson said the weather had caused disruption to flight schedules.