Martin Roberts admitted a recent article "made his day" after a social media user suggested Homes Under The Hammer was better viewing than the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's explosive Netflix series, Harry and Meghan. The BBC favourite also shared his thoughts on the royal's docuseries which was released in December. The article in question read, "It's not as good as Homes Under The Hammer", in reference to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's series. It comes after the first three episodes where Harry claimed the Royal Family failed to protect Meghan. The piece [published December 9] added that one social media user commented: "Homes Under The Hammer is way better." Martin, 59, shared his delight at viewers tuning into the BBC property show. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face 'utter ridicule' after South Park's 'takedown' "It absolutely made my day," Martin commented. "I mean, it was fantastic. I've got it [the article] framed on the wall." "What a fantastic thing to have on the front of a national newspaper about something so newsy at the time." He went on: "The fact that they would say that was just fantastic. "It's as good as when Graham Norton was interviewing Meryl Streep and she revealed she is a big fan of Homes Under The Hammer.  "Mark Wahlberg is also a fan [of the show]. Also, Sir Paul McCartney. I also got firsthand information that Daniel Craig was watching [Homes Under The Hammer] when he was filming Skyfall." He added: "Every single viewer is important but it's kind of a kick when you hear Daniel Craig, Meryl Streep and Mark Wahlberg watch your show." Meryl admitted she had a soft spot for the British show back in 2016. “I’m addicted to everything where they do real estate," the Oscar-winning actress told Graham Norton. "I love Grand Designs and Homes Under the Hammer. Also, Come Dine With Me is fabulous.” Speaking about the Netflix docuseries, Martin admittedly tuned into Harry and Meghan. "It was interesting," he commented. "It gave another insight but it was an interesting watch." Martin is best known for presenting the BBC property auction series Homes Under the Hammer with co-presenters Martel Maxwell (since 2016) and Dion Dublin, but his original co-presenter for many years was Lucy Alexander. He has appeared on many TV programmes such as I’m a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here, The Chase and Celebrity Masterchef, as well as featuring on BBC radio shows. Martin has done notable charity work in the past including dashing to the frontline of the Polish border with Ukraine with emergency supplies during the first phase of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. He was also involved with ITV's Strictly The Real Full Monty to raise awareness of cancer by stripping on stage with fellow celebrities. Martin also has close links to Wales, owning a historic house in the valleys, and more recently the presenter purchased a pub that he plans to refurbish. Homes Under The Hammer airs weekdays on BBC One at 11.15am.