Manchester United players have been warned that new signing Marcel Sabitzer is not a player that you want to be around when his side loses. The midfielder has joined the Red Devils on loan until the end of the season to soften the injury blow to Christian Eriksen. United are fourth in the Premier League and joint on points with third-placed Newcastle. Erik ten Hag will feel that finishing in the Champions League spots is the very minimum that his side should achieve, as well as pushing to win both the Carabao Cup and FA Cup. His hopes were handed a hammer blow on Saturday though after Eriksen sustained an ankle injury following a challenge from Reading forward Andy Carroll. The Denmark international will be sidelined for at least three months, leaving United short of midfield options. Ten Hag demanded that his side dipped into the loan market for a quick fix for his problem, with the club quickly striking a deal with Bayern Munich for Sabitzer. According to Florian Plettenberg, the Austria international will certainly bring a competitive edge to the squad as he is ‘the most unpleasant person to be around’ when he is not playing. The 28-year-old also, obviously, ‘hates losing’ and has a 'killer' character. Sabitzer is likely to provide a nasty streak in the club and be a leader on and off of the pitch, which may be required in the push for silverware. After signing for the club, he said: “Sometimes in life you have to make quick and important decisions. From the moment I heard about this opportunity I knew it was right for me. I am a competitive player; I want to win and help the club achieve its aims this season. “I feel that I am at my peak as a player, and that I can contribute a lot of experience and energy to the squad. I am excited to start with my new team-mates and manager and to show my qualities to Manchester United fans.” United were reportedly keen to negotiate to insert a buyout clause into the contract of the midfielder, though Bayern declined the request and wanted to retain his services. He has made 15 Bundesliga appearances for the club so far this season, scoring one and assisting another, prompting the German side to feel he has more to offer at the Allianz Arena. The signing also was given the seal of approval from United legend Rio Ferdinand, who told his Five podcast: “I’m absolutely delighted. If I could go and get a short-term replacement at the drop of the hat for Eriksen, Sabitzer is a player that you’d say: 'Oh if I can get him I’d take him.' “I’ve watched a hell of a lot of this player when he was at Leipzig in the Champions League – he played with [Christopher] Nkunku and the guys there, and he was sensational – integral to everything they’ve done there. Yes, he’s gone to Bayern Munich and hasn’t torn it up there on a regular basis, but the players he’s behind are household names. I think he will be a really good signing.”