A commuter was killed after his dog's lead became caught in a train door - dragging him along the platform and onto the tracks. Harold Riley, 50, had just stepped off a train and was standing on the platform, however his dog - attached to him by a leash - remained inside the carriage. When the doors closed Riley was dragged down the platform as the carriages began moving. It took him onto the tracks and under the wheels. Mr Riley was rushed to hospital but doctors were unable to save him. The incident occurred in Dunn Loring Metro Station, Fairfax County, Virginia just outside Washington, DC on Monday. Metro does not allow pets on trains unless they are service animals or inside a carrier.  The dog, named Daisy, was unharmed and Transit Police said she did not appear to be a service animal. However, Riley's daughter, Olivia Stark, said the animal was wearing a service vest at the time of the incident. She also called Daisy a "service dog" on a GoFundMe page for Riley's funeral service. Daisy was previously in police care but Stark says she picked her up and that the dog would be adopted by another family as she had her own animals to take care of. Riley leaves behind two daughters and four grandchildren who called him "PanPaw", according to his daughter. Metro Transit Police said they were investigating the incident and that the driver of the train "performed two safe door checks before moving the train".  READ MORE: Kari Lake vows to take Arizona defeat case to Supreme Court "Shortly before 1.30pm, Metro received a report of a person struck by a train at Dunn Loring Station," police said in a statement. The statement continued: "While the investigation is still ongoing, video appears to show the incident occurred approximately 450 feet away from the operator cab...the deceased cleared the train and was on the platform away from [the] car, but upon closer review, a leash appears to be tied to the person, which was unfortunately caught in the door." Police added that the "obstruction" caused Riley to "be dragged onto the platform and onto the tracks". A GoFundMe page for funeral expenses has raised $4,455 of its $5,000 goal. "Our thoughts and sympathies are with the family and friends of the deceased," police added. 