Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has played down any injury fears for Bukayo Saka following their dramatic win over Aston Villa, but appeared to indicate the rest of the squad need to help "protect him" in training. Arsenal made amends for their disappointing defeat to Manchester City with a 4-2 victory over Aston Villa on Saturday to move them back to the top of the table. Pep Guardiola's side then missed their opportunity to return to the top as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Nottingham Forest. It leaves Arsenal back at the summit and two points clear of their title rivals with a game in hand. Saka was once again the main man for Arsenal against Villa as he grabbed the equaliser for Arteta's side with a sublime finish. But there was genuine concern for Saka's fitness throughout the 90 minutes, particularly after a tough challenge from Alex Moreno in the first half. Saka dropped to the ground soon after the break in pain, clutching at his foot, but he managed to carry on and finish the match. Arteta dismissed any fears that Saka had picked up an injury in the match, insisting the England international must cope with being targeted.  The Arsenal boss also admitted that Saka can sometimes be victim of tough challenges on the training ground and appeared to request for a change going forward with the Gunners desperately needing Saka in their title push. "He's fine - he got kicked quite a lot again, but he's going to have to deal with that, not every week, but every three days. "Sometimes in training as well. It's his game - teams are not stupid and they want to stop him. We need to protect him." Saka has nine goals and eight assists for Arsenal in the Premier League so far and is on course to finish the season with a career-high tally.  It was last season when Saka truly established himself as Arsenal's main attacking threat on the right wing as he finished the season with 11 goals and seven assists. He's also not missed a league game for Arsenal in almost two years with Arteta relying on Saka's fitness. Part of Arsenal's success this season has been due to Arteta having the majority of his first-team regulars avoiding any injury issues. Gabriel Jesus is the only player to have been ruled out through a long-term injury, but Arsenal have managed to cope without the Brazilian. But Saka's influence on Arsenal's attacking unit is clear for all to see and any injury setback between now and the end of the season would be detrimental to their title hopes.