A brand that has cemented itself as a firm favourite among skincare enthusiasts in recent years is CeraVe. With its affordable prices and no-fuss, dermatologically tested ingredients focused on results, it is clear to see why.   One of the brand's most popular products is its £10 hydrating cleanser, which aims to cleanse and hydrate the skin while removing excess makeup and dirt. Although £10 is pretty cheap for cleansers, if you are on an even tighter budget, the Mirror has found this great CeraVe dupe for just £4.49, which you can get right now on Amazon. Like the pricier CeraVe version, Face Facts cruelty-free Hydrating Ceramide Cleanser washes away impurities and makeup, leaving skin clean and hydrated, whilst helping strengthen your protective skin barrier. Not only does it offer similar results, but Face Facts’ dupe boasts a combination of five Ceramides in its formula instead of the three, found in CeraVe’s, as well as moisture-locking hyaluronic acid, hydrating glycerin and skin soothing oats - great if you suffer with sensitive skin. Best of all? You will be getting much more for your money too as the £4.49 dupe is housed in a 400ml bottle, compared to CeraVe’s 236ml bottle - that is almost double the size and half the price.     The dupe has received a strong 4.6 out of 5 rating on Amazon, with many shoppers leaving five-star reviews, calling the product "great value" and "simple yet effective". One delighted customer, who suffers from sensitive skin said: "So so happy with this product. My skin had a bad outbreak of sensitivity, red, sore, itching. "Nothing I bought worked, not even the common make emollients. "I then found this product and thought for the price I had nothing to lose. "As soon as I washed my face with it I could feel a relief from the soreness - my skin is now feeling hydrated, no more tightness or itching and used together with the face cream, thankfully no more redness."  While a second shopper added: "This is just as good as the CeraVe cleanser - if not better! "Clear gel like which foamed nicely and made my face clean but not stripped. Didn't irritate my sensitive skin. "Twice the size of cerave and half the price. Will buy again." So, if you are looking for a new cleanser on a budget, you can pick up this affordable CeraVe cleanser dupe here for under a fiver. 