Chris Evans and wife Natasha Shishmanian were first introduced to each other by Ronan Keating, and, within hours, they ended up partnering each other in the All Star Cup celebrity golf tournament for Sky One. Professional golfer Natasha, who gave birth to twins in 2018, reminisced over the moment they met in an emotional interview. "If it wasn't for Ronan Keating's mum and dad having him, we wouldn't be here now talking!" Chris exclaimed. He invited Natasha to jump in and tell the story of how they first got together, courtesy of the 'Rollercoaster' crooner. Surprisingly, it was actually Natasha who was initially friends with Ronan, and not Chris, despite the latter working as a DJ and radio presenter in the former Boyzone star's industry. The pair had played golf together several times and she was keen to meet up with her pal on the day of a 2005 match at Stoke Park. READ NOW: Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady That was the fateful day when she was introduced to her future husband. Natasha took up the story, reminiscing to Chris: "On the 13th hole it comes back to the clubhouse before it goes back out again, and you were on the little balcony with Ronan - and that was that!" She continued: "Then a couple of months later, it was the actual All Star Cup at Celtic Manor and so we had a few drinks together [at the party]. "Then the next morning, we happened to be on the same team which was a delight!" A jubilant Chris then exclaimed happily: "And we've been on the same team ever since!" The pair had been talking on his Virgin Radio Breakfast show, which he returned to in 2019 after leaving BBC Radio 2. Natasha is Chris's third wife, as he first tied the knot way back in 1991 after falling for Loose Women star Carol McGiffin. At the time Carol had been doing some radio presenting work, and she also appeared on Big Brother. DON'T MISS... Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys [LATEST] Pregnant Gemma Atkinson lifts weights in gym despite growing baby bump [PICTURES] Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old [DEBATE]  The marriage lasted just a couple of years, and Chris - who already had a daughter with ex-fiancee Alison Ward when he wed her - then went on to date a string of celebrity partners including Spice Girl Geri Halliwell. His romances also included singer Kim Wilde, and fellow presenters Anthea Turner and Melanie Sykes. Following those, he embarked on an age-gap relationship with 'Because I Want To' singer Billie Piper, and the pair married when she was just 18 and he was 35. They tied the knot in a budget Las Vegas ceremony in 2001, but announced their plans to divorce four years later. The same year that he broke things off with Billie, Chris met Natasha - and the rest is history. They wed in 2007 and, despite the trauma of an ectopic pregnancy in 2010, the pair now share four children. Chris and Natasha are proud parents to Noah, 13, Eli, 10, and four-year-old twins Walt and Boo. Chris announced last year that his eldest son Noah is the only boy in his class at school who doesn't own a mobile phone. The presenter originally got him a smartphone and downloaded Whatsapp, but rapidly reversed his decision and imposed a ban after deciding that a phone is a "time thief" and that his son would be more "present" and have better mental health without one.