Chris Eubank Jr has announced that he has activated the rematch clause in his contract with Liam Smith. This comes after his trainer Roy Jones Jr teased that he would be fighting a different opponent back at super-middleweight in his next fight. But it appears that won't be the case as Eubank Jr took to social media to confirm he will run it back with Smith: "This morning I activated the rematch clause via my lawyers & sent to my promoters @Wasserman Happy Valentines Day @LiamBeefySmith," he tweeted on Valentine's day. Smith stopped Eubank Jr in the fourth round of their middleweight grudge match last month. In the process, he became the only man to deck, let alone stop Next Gen in the paid ranks. In the immediate aftermath, Eubank Jr declared that he was keen to run back the fight and even declared that he would open to staging it at Anfield in Smith's home city of Liverpool.  However, Eubank Jr's trainer Jones Jr suggested that the Brighton boxer may look elsewhere for his next opponent. “He definitely wants the rematch clause – I’m not sure if we’re gonna take it next, but he definitely wants it,” Jones Jr told Boxing UK. “I don’t think that the weight was the issue, but you can never tell. “We have got to have a look at him [Eubank] and see. That is why we might have to go back, fight a fight at 164/165lbs, see how he looks, and we will see what happens.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury vs Usyk in doubt as Brit holds 'confidential talks' with Wilder Meet the man behind Paul and Fury's Saudi showdown - EXCLUSIVE Joshua sets retirement deadline ahead of Franklin clash  In the lead-up to their last fight, both men were investigated by the British Boxing Board of Control for their involvement in a particularly ugly exchange at their pre-fight press conference. Sky Sports were forced to apologise for 'homophobic comments' after Smith shouted: "You go on about girls, has anybody in this room ever seen you with a girl? You got something to tell us? You are 33 and you said on the programme you want kids. "This is for no laughs I am just asking, do you want to tell us something? You are putting up pictures with Neymar in limousines. No one in this room has seen you with a woman. If you are happy just tell us; it isn't a dig. You have to have a women to have a kid." Eubank Jr then retorted: "Listen, my private life is my private life. That is irrelevant to the boxing but I am happy and comfortable. What would you like to know Liam? If you want to get personal, talking about being gay? I've been told you cheat on your wife. I'd rather be gay than a cheat. If you would like to ask me a question just slide into my DMs."  