Jeremy Corbyn and his allies have come out fighting after Sir Keir Starmer barred the former Labour leader from standing for the party in the future. Mr Corbyn is expected to challenge Sir Keir's vow to block him from standing as a Labour candidate, claiming the move is a "flagrant attack" on democracy. Giving a press conference yesterday, in which he addressed the party's history of anti-semitism, Sir Keir said the former Labour leader "betrayed" the values of the British people. He blocked Mr Corbyn, who is currently suspended from the party, from making a return, saying will "categorically" not stand as a Labour Party candidate at the next general election. Allies of Mr Corbyn have said he is likely to seek the Labour nomination for his constituency from the local party. He has been the MP for Islington North for 40 years. The move could force Sir Keir to formally block his candidacy, with sources suggesting Mr Corbyn may fail the vetting process because of his past remarks on antisemitism. Mr Corbyn would be left with the option of running as an independent candidate in the seat where he retains deep-rooted local popularity. In a statement posted to Facebook yesterday, Mr Corbyn said: "Keir Starmer’s statement about my future is a flagrant attack on the democratic rights of Islington North Labour Party members,” Mr Corbyn, who led Labour to two successive electoral defeats, said in a statement. "It is up to them – not party leaders – to decide who their candidate should be. Any attempt to block my candidacy is a denial of due process, and should be opposed by anybody who believes in the value of democracy." Diane Abbott, who was Mr Corbyn’s shadow home secretary, also weighed in, saying: "The day Starmer won leadership of the Labour Party he described Jeremy Corbyn as a friend and a colleague. Now he wants to throw him out of the party." Writing on Twitter, she also hit out at fellow Labour MP Dame Margaret Hodge, rejecting her suggestion that Sir Keir was "fighting privately" to address the issues under Mr Corbyn’s leadership. Ms Abbott said: "I was in Jeremy’s shadow cabinet alongside Starmer. It is nonsense to say he was fighting privately." The Equality and Human Rights Commission yesterday announced that it has concluded its monitoring of the Labour Party over anti-semitism within the party. Mr Corbyn was suspended from the parliamentary party over his response to EHRC's damning report in 2020 and now sits as an independent MP. DON'T MISS:Starmer rages at Corbyn betraying 'principles of the country' [REACTION]Wallace dodges fighter jet question as he outlines defence plan [INSIGHT]Rolls-Royce leads 'landmark' UK aviation deal worth billions [REVEAL] Sir Keir has long suggested that the former Labour leader will not stand again for the party but this is the first time he confirmed the decision in public. In his speech yesterday, Sir Keir said: "Let me be very clear about that: Jeremy Corbyn will not stand for Labour at the next general election, as a Labour Party candidate. "What I said about the party changing, I meant, and we are not going back, and that is why Jeremy Corbyn will not stand as a Labour candidate at the next general election." Sir Keir said that anti-semitism is "an evil" and "no political party that cultivates it deserves to hold power". Responding to the EHRC decision during a speech in London, Sir Keir said: "Today is an important moment in the history of the Labour Party. "It's taken many, many months of hard work and humility to get here. "It's meant rebuilding trust, not just with the Jewish community but with all those who were rightly appalled by the culture of the party and the previous leadership."