James Martin is a beloved British chef with a gorgeous stack of recipes up his sleeves. ITV shared how to make his famous dauphinoise potatoes recipe at home. Having people round for dinner and in need of a comforting, family-favourite side dish to whip up? Dauphinoise potatoes are rich and indulgent, but very easy and quick to make. According to Martha Stewart, "Dauphinoise (DOE-PHEEN-NOWAAZ) potatoes is how the French say casserole of potatoes, heavy cream, and cheese". It is a classic French dish often paired with roast beef tenderloin, glazed ham or alternatively salmon or pan-fried cod. READ MORE: Cooking 'mistakes' that can ruin pasta - including adding oil and salt  For fully vegetarian meals, pair the potatoes with a veggie wellington, vegetable pie or leafy green salad. If you want to switch up your traditional roast dinner you can even swap roasties for dauphinoise potatoes. This delicious side dish by James Martin serves six people - just amend the quantities depending on the number of guests - and takes about an hour to prepare and cook. In terms of ingredients, this one is pretty straightforward and you may very well have all of them at home already. It's also super affordable and doesn't require home cooks to spend unnecessary money on ingredients they won't use again. Ingredients 25g butter One clove garlic, peeled 600g king Edward potatoes, peeled and sliced thinly 300ml double cream 300 full fat milk Salt and pepper READ MORE: Handy food storage hack for preserving - 'lasts up to four months' Method 1. Preheat the oven to 200ºC. 2. Use butter to grease an ovenproof dish. 3. Rub garlic all over the sides and bottom of the dish then layer up the potatoes, cream and milk, seasoning each layer. 4. Place onto a baking tray and bake for 45 minutes. The Kitchn shared some of their own top tips for the perfect potatoes - dauphinoise style. The first recommendation was to "par cook the potatoes until fork tender". "Simmering the sliced potatoes in the cream before baking them ensures they are completely tender by the time the cheese browns. "Be patient and make sure to give them the full five to seven minutes of simmering so they get an adequate head start on cooking." Next, The Kitchn recommended not being afraid of using lots of salt, as this will balance the creamy and rich flavours of the dish. Finally, patience is a virtue. Giving the potatoes around 15 minutes to cool once cooked before eating them will give the cream and cheese a chance to firm up. Do this or risk a soupy consistency.