The Glazer family have reportedly been left ‘underwhelmed’ by the bids that they have received for Manchester United. The deadline for takeover offers has now closed, though there are still no guarantees that the club will change hands. United supporters were ecstatic with the news that the Glazers were welcoming offers for their club in November of last year. However, speculation is circulating that some of the family are reluctant to part ways with the Old Trafford outfit, with interested parties also growing sceptical of the situation. According to CBS Sports, the Glazers did not receive the five significant offers that they were hoping to receive before the soft deadline for takeover offers which has led to internal disappointment. They are ‘genuinely underwhelmed’ by the value of the offers that they have received and could turn them away. Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani, the chairman of Qatar Islamic Bank, have publicly confirmed that they have submitted formal offers and are waiting for feedback on their proposals. Sheikh Jassim reportedly believes that Qatar’s bid is ‘strong’ and are adamant that they will not overpay for the club, despite interest from elsewhere. Their first offer was made with the intention of making it to the next stage of the process when concrete numbers will be discussed. The Qataris have, however, grown fearful that the Glazers may decide not to sell the club outright, and instead look to welcome minority bids so that they will remain at the helm of United. Ratcliffe, a boyhood Red Devils fan, has previously spoken about how he felt that the owners may pull the plug on a deal and therefore it would come as no surprise to the billionaire. Sheikh Jassim attempted to gain the backing of supporters with his bid by releasing a statement confirming that his bid will be ‘completely debt free’ and that improving the club will be their priority. It read: "The bid plans to return the Club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and – above all – will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United Football Club once more. "The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the Club supports. The vision of the bid is for Manchester United Football Club to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world.”