Novak Djokovic has explained why he is still performing at the highest level of tennis after reaching another milestone.  This week the Serbian matched Steffi Graf’s record of 377 weeks spent as the world number one. Since 2011, the 35-year-old has won a slew of trophies and enjoyed extended periods of dominance which left his peers and fans alike in awe. After equalling his great rival Rafael Nadal’s record of 22 Grand Slams by winning his 10th Australian Open title last month, he has matched the German and is now days away from setting a new landmark. Despite being in his mid-30s and a member of the tour for a number of years, Djokovic is showing no signs of slowing down and explained how he is able to maintain his supreme level. "Steffi Graf is one of the biggest legends of our sport in both men's and women's tennis. She is somebody that I truly admire and respect.,” Djokovic told reporters in Belgrade. "Of course it is very flattering that I am able to equal her record and I have a possibility to break the record next week. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic still waiting for Indian Wells decision as Serb confirms next tournament “Being number one in the world and winning Wimbledon was a dream. When I achieved that dream in 2011 I had to dream new dreams and set new goals. I'm very proud of it and I never take the success as my own individual success. I always try to mention my family, my team, it is so key for me to everything that I do in life. “So, I’m able to, as a 35-year-old, play on the highest level and travel the world because I have the love and support of the close ones.” Djokovic will look to continue adding to his great legacy when he returns to the court at the Dubai Open next week. Next month, the tennis legend wants to compete at the Indian Wells and Miami Masters 1000 events, but given he is unvaccinated from covid-19 and the mandate still being in operation in the US, he is still barred from entering the country. However, Djokovic has applied for a "special permit" to enter the States and participate in the tournaments where he has enjoyed plenty of success in the past. Djokovic told the Serbian press in Belgrade that he has a "big desire" to play at the 'Sunshine Double' which he last won in 2016. "Everything is in process and I'm really thankful to Indian Wells and Miami for their support, publicly, and they would like me to be able to play," he said. "I'm really thankful for that because I have a big desire to play because I haven't played there for several years so I'm looking forward to hopefully a positive decision coming sometime soon. It's not in my hands so that's all I can say."