Manchester United supporters may not get their desired takeover after all amid reports that Joel Glazer harbours 'reservations' over surrendering the club completely. The Red Devils owners have remained quiet on their future intentions since announcing that they were exploring strategic alternatives late last year. Despite conceding that the wheels were turning behind the scenes and inviting bids before last Friday's soft deadline, not everyone is convinced that the Glazers are keen to make a clean break with United. Fans invariably hope they do just that after 18 years of controversial ownership, which fans have protested at regular intervals. Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani and petrochemicals billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe are the only two bidders to have made their interest in a full takeover public. Bids thought to be in excess of £4billion were submitted before last week's deadline. Both parties are keen for a full-scale takeover but the Glazers have never committed to relinquishing United completely. A selection of American hedge funds have also reportedly registered interest in supporting other bids. DON'T MISS: Arsenal face Youri Tielemans dilemma after Erik ten Hag gesture Despite Red Devils fans rejoicing at the prospect of waving goodbye to the Glazers, The Telegraph claim that the siblings are split over the best course of action. Co-chairmen Joel and Avram recently considered buying out their four siblings, but it's the former who is said to have the 'strongest connection' to Old Trafford. Joel is said to harbour 'reservations' over a full sale which, if he gets his way, could result in outside parties being limited to purchasing a minority stake in the club. Reports indicate that bidders are eager for the Glazers to publicly state their intention to sell so that a dialogue can begin with fan groups. READ MORE...Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandLeeds 'may yet return' for Loftus-Cheek after Jesse Marsch interestWest Ham 'decide stance on sacking David Moyes' after Tottenham defeat But United's current owners may be staying quiet for a reason, and United legend Gary Neville has already shown scepticism over a complete change of hands in the boardroom. His comments come in the wake of Monday's announcement that season-ticket prices will increase from next campaign onwards after an 11-year freeze. "The increase to ticket prices at United is very odd!" he wrote on Twitter. "Why would a seller that’s leaving before the next season starts introduce something that has brought them more hate and they won’t benefit from! "Any new buyer would most likely freeze the price in year one to stay on side with fans. It does beg the question whether they are really going! I have my doubts with actions like this one!" Some United supporters had already started to count their chickens with Al Thani promising to wipe the club's vast debt and invest significantly into infrastructure. The prominent Qatari figure is also thought to be confident of proving to UEFA that his bid is entirely distinct from his native state and the owners of Paris Saint-Germain.