A hack for preventing bathroom mirrors from steaming up has been met with mixed reviews after going viral on TikTok. Videos on the social media platform show people covering their mirrors in soap, shaving foam or other household products in a bid to keep them clean and clear - no matter how hot and steamy their bathroom gets. Having a foggy mirror is something that many of us are used to when we take bath or shower. Wiping away the fog with your hand or towel afterwards can leave you with a streaky mirror that's impossible to see your full reflection in. Needless to say, people have been delighted to discover a trick that prevents this from happening. However, as an expert from Bathroom Supastore explains, the 'foggy mirror hack' may work at preventing your mirror from steaming up, but it can also cause a host of other problems. The hack involves rubbing a cheap bar of soap or other household products such as shaving foam over your bathroom mirror, leaving a very light layer on the surface. When you have covered the mirror you shouldn't be able to see your reflection through the newly added layer.  As expert, Evan Jones, explains, the next step is to take a microfibre cloth and start rubbing it into the mirror. You will need to rub this in until you can see your reflection once again. This step can take some effort. Once this is done you can take your warm bath or shower and your mirror should stay fog-free for a few days. According to Evan: "The hack does work and your bathroom mirror will be steam free so that you can get ready without having to keep cleaning steam off the mirror. That being said, the best way to keep your mirror steam free is to minimise condensation in the bathroom. "One of the problems I have with this hack is that although it keeps the mirror steam free, it doesn't get rid of the condensation and the water that would have been on the mirror will settle elsewhere. This water can cause dampness that allows mould to form. You are far safer using an extractor fan than rubbing soap on your mirrors."  The science behind this TikTok hack is relatively simple. The soap on the mirror stops the water molecules from sticking to it and instead of causing fog on the mirror it slips off it settling below the mirror. There are variations of the hack including lathering up the mirror in shaving foam, using handwash to achieve the same effect and even creating a water and vinegar mixture to keep away the fog. While the development of mould in your bathroom can have serious health consequences, Evan says that this hack does have other dangers too. "Depending on how your mirror was installed, aggressively rubbing soap on and off your mirror could cause it to break or to fall and smash, especially if it is loosely fitted." "If you were to smash or crack your mirror this could lead to sharp pieces falling onto you causing nasty cuts and serious injuries. If you do this hack and smash your mirror, you should get it replaced immediately as broken mirrors are extremely dangerous." 