Valentine's Day and Wayne's World are not, perhaps, two things anyone would think go naturally together. Even so, the raucous Mike Myers comedy hit US screens on February 14, 1992. So if anyone is struggling for romantic ideas for their date in a few days... The film, of course, opens with Wayne's famous monologue and then he goes outside and jumps into the car with Garth (Dana Carvey) where he pops on a cassette of Bohemian Rhapsody. The film headbanged its way to huge box office success, taking over $180million on a $20million budget. Not only that, it is often credited with helping spearhead Queen's triumphant return to popularity across The Pond. It was all thanks to Wayne's World star Mike Myers who fought the studio's wishes for a Guns 'n Roses song in the headbanging car scene. But first, he had to get Queen's permission. Brian recalled: "I didn’t know Mike Myers but he rang me up out of the blue and said, ‘We’ve done this amazing sequence in our new film – can we have your approval?’ ” The guitarist said he was expressly given a clip of the scene to show to his dying friend: "I took it around to Freddie, who was not in a good state at that time. He was..confined to his bed, but I took it round and played it to him." Brian added: "He loved it. Strangely enough, the humour in it was quite close to our own. Because we did that kind of thing in the car, bouncing up and down to our own tracks!” In another live-streamed interview about the making of the film, Wayne’s World Reunited Apart, Brian expanded on how it happened and Freddie's extraordinary response to the stunned filmmakers and cast, including Mike Myers. He said: "I think, you, Mike, did get me the tape and I took it round to Freddie not long before he went and showed it to him. You know, you said you wanted to have the approval. He loved it. He laughed and laughed. He was very weak, but he just smiled and laughed and said, ‘Yeah, how wonderful is that?’" DON'T MISSFreddie Mercury battled 'a**hole' rock star over duetQueen stars have 'no idea' if John Deacon has seen Bohemian RhapsodyFreddie Mercury cuddled his favourite cat at the end – Final photo  Brian was sure that Freddie didn't just enjoy the humour and the tribute, he also knew it was a kind of rebirth for the band in America. He added: "(Freddie) had been known to say, ‘Look, you know, I suppose I have to die before we get America back.'" Brian told the Wayne's World team: "But you guys did it. You got us back to a new American public. And Freddie was very aware of that. You guys should know that. He went to the next place knowing what had happened and enjoying it... "One, we found it hilarious and two, we found it rewarding. We released an album and that sketch, I think, was responsible for the album being such a big hit. I have to say we loved the movie, as well." WATCH THE FULL VIDEO BELOW: BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY QUEEN SEGMENT FROM 31 MINUTES Brian also spoke about the band's own reactions to their most famous song: "It is a masterful piece of work but with Freddie’s stuff and with Queen’s stuff there was always a bit of tongue in cheek, you know, and I think you guys latched into that. "I remember us, when the track came on the radio… and the middle bit came on, we are doing this anyway." Brian mimes banging his head exactly the like the characters in the film. "It's human instinct." It's wonderful to think of the pleasure it would have brought Freddie. It should be noted that the film's own director, Penelope Spheeris, disputes whether this actually happened. In 2023 taking a video on a phone, or sending a digital stream of a scene would be incredibly simple. However, technology was considerably different thirty years ago. Freddie died on November 24, 1991, three months before the film was released. However, the film was shot during 1991, so it is possible that rough cuts of the headbanging scene could have been somehow transferred onto a VHS tape and shown to the ailing star. Or at the very least, the scene was described to Freddie.