Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta married former Miss Spain Lorena Bernal in a ceremony in Mallorca in 2010. But the talented model had no clue Arteta was a famous football player when she first met him in 2002. The couple dated for six years before tying the knot and have three sons Gabriel, Daniel and Oliver. According to The Sun, Bernal, who was born in Argentina in 1981 but moved to Spain at the age of one, didn't know who Arteta was when she first met him. After moving to Spain, she later left Europe to live in America at the age of seven and began to work as a model. Bernal was named Miss Spain in 1999 at the age of 17 but wasn’t allowed to represent herself in Miss Universe because of her age. She did, however, go on to finish in the top 10 in the Miss World competition. Arteta’s wife has since worked as a television host and actor in both America and Spain and has appeared in Chuck and CSI: Miami. The brunette is a lady of many talents and can speak French, Spanish and English. She has also amassed a decent social media following in recent years and often posts to Instagram and, to a lesser extent, Twitter. She has over 50,000 followers on Instagram and 22,000 followers on Twitter. DON'T MISS: Chelsea star Azpilicueta 'went unconscious' and now in hospital    Arteta ended his playing days with the Gunners in 2016 following a five-year spell in north London. But he returned to the club as manager three-and-a-half years later. And after taking the top job at the Emirates Stadium, the 40-year-old explained: “I remember the last time I was going down the tunnel, with my kids in my arms. I said to my wife, ‘one day I will come back here as the manager.’ It has come a little quicker than I expected but that was a dream. READ MORE...Football news LIVE - Man Utd team news, Chelsea make Potter decisionChelsea shown what they're missing in painful Southampton defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful'    “I’ve got more family now - I’ve got more kids. I’ve had more experiences but I had a very clear idea of what I wanted to do so, two years before my retirement, I started to do my coaching badges. I already had that feeling that I wanted to try this game over that line, and I am really happy where I am.” After being married for almost 13 years, Arteta clearly has a best friend in Bernal. And that could help him navigate all the highs and lows of being a Premier League manager. The Spaniard saw his team fall behind Manchester City at the top of the table last week after Arsenal were beaten 3-1 by the Citizens at the Emirates Stadium. That result came after the Gunners had lost 1-0 to Everton at Goodison Park and drawn 1-1 with Brentford in north London. But on Saturday, Arsenal returned to winnings ways as they came from behind on two occasions to defeat Aston Villa 4-2 at Villa Park. 