Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech was reportedly texting Todd Boehly on transfer deadline day as he pleaded with the American to help his transfer to PSG go through. The 29-year-old will spend the rest of the season at Stamford Bridge after his proposed move to the French capital fell through at the final moments of the transfer window with Blues officials blaming "unforeseen technical issue". Ziyech has found game time hard to come by at Chelsea this season with his start in the 0-0 draw with Liverpool just his 10th appearance in the Premier League. As a result, he had been on the lookout for a new club with an excellent World Cup helping to put him in the shop window. A host of clubs including Newcastle, Everton and AC Milan had been linked with taking him on however it was PSG who won the place with a deal agreed in the final days of the transfer window. However, the deal fell through in the final moments after Chelsea failed to submit the relevant paperwork in time blaming a technical issue for the problem. It has now emerged that Ziyech was so desperate to complete the move that he spent time during the evening texting Chelsea owner Boehly, pleading with the 49-year-old to hurry up the deal. The Morrocan was even happy to contribute some of his own finances to seal the move according to Sky Sports and it was eventually approved before the late issues. READ MORE: Chelsea agreed Fernandez deal with clubs 'ran to sign documents' Ziyech is said to be ‘incandescent’ with Chelsea as a result of the deal falling through. The winger was left stranded in Paris having arrived on Tuesday as he looked to seal his move to Ligue 1. It remains to be seen whether or not his relationship with his current club can be mended given the high emotions involved in the failed switch. It was a busy transfer deadline day at Stamford Bridge with Chelsea officials working round the clock to complete the signing of Enzo Fernandez for an English record fee. There were departures too, with vice-captain Jorginho making the short hop across London to join Arsenal on an 18-month contract. DON'T MISSChelsea's Enzo Fernandez sent bitter message from Benfica boss SchmidtChelsea may already have signed their long-term Jorginho replacementChelsea fail to get their way as 'tense' Enzo Fernandez talks held Ziyech however was unable to join him in the departure lounge and as a result will be forced to hang around for at least another six months. He could find his game time even more restricted too with the Blues signing Mykhaylo Mudryk, Joao Felix and Noni Madueke during the transfer window with each competing for his place in the team.