35-year-old reality star Amy Slaton is currently on screens for the fourth season of 1000lb Sisters, which follows her weight loss journey alongside her sister, Tammy Slaton. Outside of the series, a source close to the Slatons has claimed the family will be a lot different if the TLC show eventually returns for a fifth instalment. An insider has revealed Amy is currently living with Tammy after separating from her husband Michael Halterman and moving out of their Kentucky home. She was joined by her two sons, Gage, two, and Glenn, seven months. “Amy says Michael is lazy, and has been jealous of her attention toward the kids,” the source told the US Sun. “They've been having trouble since last year.” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV Amy and Michael welcomed Glenn in July last year, and season four has revealed how the pregnancy has challenged her weight loss goals. The couple have reportedly not yet filed for divorce in the state of Kentucky. Michael has made regular appearances on 1000lb Sisters, and has been in a relationship with Amy for several years. They originally met in high school and were married on March 15, 2019 in Nashville, Tennessee. However, Michael previously revealed on his YouTube channel they had eloped back in June 2017. Their first child, Gage, was born in November 2020, just months after Amy’s gastric band surgery to reduce her weight. This season of 1000lb Sisters has seen its fair share of drama for the family, both on-camera and behind the scenes. Earlier this month, it was reported the Slatons were considering starting their own spin-off series in order to increase their salaries. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii fans 'can't stop crying' over Lucy and Kate milestone [REACTION]AGT All-Stars finale sparks ‘rigged’ row with ‘Superfans’ vote [BACKLASH]Party Down’s Martin Starr says revival ‘just a teaser’ [EXCLUSIVE] Despite appearing the most out of the family, Tammy is only paid around $2-3,000 per episode. An insider also claimed all of her earnings went towards her 14-month stint in weight loss rehab without any additional financial support from producers or TLC. Tammy’s half-sister Amanda only earns around $700 a month for the series, while Amy reportedly makes the most due to the added responsibility of her two sons. However, Amy is also unable to enjoy the cash as her salary is going straight to her sons’ college fund. The family is also unable to accept any other commercial opportunities until the second half of season four has finished filming. Finally, the sisters have also accused the show’s editors of editing around “serious conversations” to suit a narrative. With the fourth season of 1000lb Sisters coming to an end over the next couple of months, the Slaton dynamic could be getting a major change once they return to screens. Express.co.uk has contacted TLC for comment. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.