Sky Sports F1 were wrong to ditch Johnny Herbert and Paul di Resta according to Express Sport readers. Sky bosses confirmed the pair had left their broadcasting team last week after Herbert appeared to announce his departure on social media. However, over a thousand Express readers feel the team have made a bad decision with just weeks to go before the start of the new season. A huge 73.3 per cent of 2,200 respondents claimed Sky should not have got rid of ex-F1 star Herbert. Just over a quarter said executives were right to axe the former Jaguar driver who has been part of the team since they won the rights back in 2012. Slightly more agreed with the broadcaster's decision to part ways with former Force India driver di Resta but the majority stressed they would still miss him. A massive 64.4 per cent voted that it was the wrong call with 35.6 per cent backing the decision. READ MORE: Herbert shares plans for 2023 after Sky Sports axe with Paul di Resta A Sky Sports spokesperson explained: “Johnny has been an integral part of our Formula One team since the very first season on Sky Sports in 2012. We will miss his humour and big personality and thank him for his energy and enthusiasm over the last 11 years. Everyone wishes him all the best for the future.” Herbert’s future came under the spotlight after the 58-year-old posted a cryptic image on Instagram. The photo showed the entire Sky presenting crew followed by the caption "going to miss this team”. Fellow Sky host Naomi Schiff led the tributes to Herbert, revealing she enjoyed their time together at race weekends. Rachel Brookes said she would miss her “TV husband” while Natalie Pinkham also wished him well. DON'T MISSSky Sports F1 axe pundits Johnny Herbert and Paul di Resta for 2023 [INSIGHT]Nick Knowles rages over Johnny Herbert's Sky exit 'Paid the price'  [COMMENT]Hamilton 'may reject' FIA's Red Bull penalty if Verstappen keeps title [ANALYSIS] The duo are not likely to be replaced with Sky confirming a 13-person strong line-up. This was questioned by Express readers with 51.4 per cent disappointed there would not be new talent featuring on the channel. Herbert went into more detail on his departure at the Autosport International show. Speaking to LastLapLucy, he commented: “I'm not with Sky this year, unfortunately, but there are other things I'll be getting involved with. I'll be at Silverstone for sure, and the Monaco Grand Prix. I'm hoping to get to Le Mans as well this year, because that's going to be a big event this time around. "I'm doing a bit of karting – not racing, just testing. My son-in-law wants me to race but I don't really want to, but you'll probably see me on a go-kart track near you. I've got various things going on. I'm enjoying things on the track and also life off the track as well." No further details have been given on Di Resta’s departure but the Scot is still an active racer with a packed calendar. However, it could be down to his World Endurance Championship commitments with the series clashing with F1 weekends on four occasions in 2023.