It's easy to play it safe with front door colours and stick to black or white designs but according to experts at Dulux, opting for something a little more colourful is one of the easiest ways to entice buyers. As well as making your property stand out from others, new research by the paint retailers found that it could also help you earn a premium price for your home. If you're wondering what to go for, interior experts have shared the most "striking" colours for front doors to increase your home's curb appeal and value. A recent Dulux Weathershield survey found that nearly one-third of Britons would be willing to pay "up to 25 percent extra" for a house with freshly painted brickwork and a front door. But when it comes to choosing the right shade to suit your home, it can be hard to know what to go for - especially if you have avoided bold colours in the past. An interior expert at Door Supplies Online said: "A front door is a potential first buyer's first insight into your home and paves the way for what they should expect when they step through the door. It is important to look for the reasons behind certain colours and the feelings that they evoke in people. "However, when choosing a colour, some factors must be considered, as some tones are not particularly popular, which may reduce the value of the property. While it is essential to check what the rules are on your property and make sure there are no stipulations in place, you really have the freedom to paint your door whichever colour you so desire."  READ MORE: ‘The best’ method to clean toilet bowl without bleach They added that choosing the right paint shade for a front door is a homeowner's "first opportunity" to give their guests and passersby an insight into who they are and their personality. Of course, there are many other elements to consider when deciding on your front door colour, such as whether it blends in with your surroundings, whether it works throughout each season and whether will it work with the style of the door. Luckily, there are plenty of on-trend colours to suit every style of door - all of which are perfect for spring. Red, blue, black and white are some of the most common front door colours, though according to interior experts, "Spanish moss" is a unique shade of green that's not to be missed. The Door Supplies Online spokesperson said: "Green is quickly becoming the new neutral, as homeowners prefer soothing colours to the crisp, bright whites of yesteryear. It is a deep forest green that pays homage to nature and will suit the exterior of your property and what is around it." This midnight shade of green also has a strong connection to nature's richness, dense forests, and mossy terrains so can be balanced with both warm and cool accents. DON'T MISS...Savvy homeowner saves thousands on £6,500 bedroom renovation with DIY [PICTURES]Clean oven doors with 29p item that's 'faster' than baking soda [INSIGHT]Exact temperature you can safely switch off your central heating [EXPERT] Known as the Pantone Colour of The Year, this saturated pink shade is not for those who shy away from bold colours. According to the Pantone Color Institute executive director, Leatrice Eiseman, this colour is "inspired by the red of cochineal, one of the most precious dyes belonging to the natural dye family as well as one of the strongest and brightest the world has known". Though it is a bold choice, the beautiful pink shade is one that will entice buyers and looks particularly impressive against white brickwork. Grey and beige are not so striking as stand-alone colours but combined, they create a muted "greige" shade. This combination pulls out the best qualities of each one, making it both aesthetically pleasing and useful.  READ MORE: 'Rule of thumb' for washing pyjamas to avoid 'breeding' bacteria Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Recognised as the "ideal neutral" to suit both warm and cool colour palettes, this colour "will go beautifully with almost any brick or exterior on your property", according to the door supply experts. They added that the "calming" effect of the soft shade is "perfect" for enticing buyers when selling your property. Depper than the magenta shade but still bold, the "raspberry blush" shade is the "epitome of a dynamic colour". The interior experts said: "It evokes strong feelings of being bold, bolder, and boldest with this unapologetic shade of red-orange. "It will match beautifully to certain properties and you can also match it to certain flowers which will make for a bright entrance to attract many potential buyers."   While it is a lesser spotted colour in home interiors, lemon is the ideal shade for blank-canvas homes. White-painted backdrops and wooden cladding-style exteriors can pull off this colour better than most homes, so it's definitely one to consider for spring. The Door Supplies Online expert said: "It's no surprise that yellow doors are growing in popularity among homes across the UK given that warm tones of yellow and orange evoke thoughts of hope, enthusiasm, and joy. "Try dressing up your front entrance in a cheery hue of yellow, such as Luscious Lemon, for a lively appearance. Bold, bright hues like terracotta orange and yellow have a happy, welcoming vibe that will greet guests right away. Consider adding some gold embellishments to your yellow door for a sense of sophistication, like a coordinating letterbox and door knocker." To bring your lemon-tone door to life, decorate your front step or entrance with some greenery. Taller potted shrubs or leafy plants are ideal contenders. 