  James Norton, 37, is set to tie the knot with his talented fiancée Imogen Poots, 33, after the pair became engaged this time last year. James is probably best known for playing charming psychopath Tommy Lee Royce in BBC One’s Happy Valley, as well as Police Inspector Geordie Keating in ITV’s Grantchester.      Imogen, who won Best Actress for her role in Vivarium at the Catalonian International Film Festival, has spent her time travelling between New York and London for various film roles before finally moving in with her husband-to-be. The Hollywood star has also appeared in flicks like That Awkward Moment, Need For Speed, and French Exit. Another accolade the actress holds is that she was named one of the “Most Desirable Women” by Askmen's list of the Top 99 Most Desirable Women in 2013. Imogen and James are engaged after four years of dating and they currently live together in Peckham.     The pair met in 2017 whilst co-starring in a production of Belleville in the West End's Donmar Warehouse, where they played an American couple living in Paris. Both actors are generally very private about their relationship, but back in 2020, Imogen did speak to the Evening Standard about her decision to move in with James after years of being in a long-distance relationship. "It's all I've ever known," she explained, insisting that dating long-distance had never affected their relationship "I've never known something to fall apart because of distance,” she added.     Imogen rose to fame when she was just 17 years old, after playing the role of Tammy in the post-apocalyptic horror film 28 Weeks Later back in 2007. She has since gone on to star in a couple of biopics, including one about Jimi Hendrix called Jimi: All Is by My Side and Paul Raymond biopic The Look of Love, which were both released in 2013. The actress has also brushed shoulders with James Bond star Pierce Brosnan and Breaking Bad’s Aaron Paul when they starred together in 2014’s A Long Way Down. Imogen went on to secure the leading role of Kelly Ann in the Showtime series Roadies in 2016, before going on to star as Laura in the Academy Award winning film The Father (2020), which starred Anthony Hopkins and Olivia Colman. READ MORE... Margot Robbie found co-star's cigarette 'in butt crack' amid sex scene [NEWS] Ant's 'disgusting habit' mocked by Dec as he's forced to change outfit [NEWS] Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [INSIGHT]      Meanwhile, James will return to our screens as Tommy Lee Royce for the final time tonight in the last ever episode of Happy Valley. The gripping BBC police drama, which stars Sarah Lancashire as Sergeant Catherine Cawood, has left fans wondering how it will all end. BBC show bosses have been working hard to keep the hugely anticipated finale of Happy Valley under wraps. It was recently revealed that they have even gone to the trouble of filming extra scenes to ensure the ending will not be spoiled for fans.      Happy Valley began back in April, 2014 and, while the second series came out two years later in 2016, the third instalment aired this January after a seven-year break. Written and created by Sally Wainwright, the BAFTA Award-winning series takes place in the Calder Valley, West Yorkshire. The plot of the first series centres around police sergeant Catherine Cawood, who is still coming to terms with the suicide of her teenage daughter, Becky, eight years after the incident. Things take a dark turn when Becky’s rapist Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) is let out of prison and becomes involved with the kidnapping of new victim Ann Gallagher (Charlie Murphy), but Catherine is onto him. The latest season is set seven years later, with Catherine coming close to retirement age, but it isn’t long before she is forced to face old demons once more. The final episode of Happy Valley airs tonight at 9pm on BBC One.   