 Tax-free cash Isas typically pay lower rates than standard savings accounts but that is starting to change as banks and building societies compete for business. We are now in the Isa season, the time of year when Brits decide where to invest their £20,000 allowance before the annual deadline on April 5. Providers are responding by pushing up rates in a bid to win new business and there a number of tempting deals out there, says Anna Bowes, founder of rate tracking service Savings Champion. As rates on standard fixed-rate bonds fade and fall, cash ISAs are proving more "resilient". "The gap between the two is the narrowest it has been for years.” Bowes singles out a top one-year fixed-rate cash Isa bond from Virgin, that pays an impressive 4.20 percent. There’s a catch, though. “To access this account, you need to first open a current account with Virgin Money.” Savers who have opened a current account with Clydesdale Bank or Yorkshire Bank, now under the Virgin brand, may also qualify. For those that don’t, Bowes tips the Barclays 1-Year Flexible Cash ISA (Issue 36), which currently pays four percent. OakNorth Bank has just launched a one-year fixed-rate cash Isa, but this pays 3.85 percent.    Two-year fixed rate cash Isas are “disappointing”, Bowes says, as Castle Trust Bank’s 4.10 percent has been withdrawn for new customers. This leaves the top rate on offer 4.05 percent from both Close Brothers and Charter Savings Bank. Despite the rate slowdown, Bowes did pick out one bright spot. “A particular shoutout goes to the Skipton Building Society, which has increased rates on a string of accounts.” Skipton now offers the best fixed-rate cash Isa of all. “Its table topping 3 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA Issue 204 now pays 4.20 percent. It’s been leading of the table for a week and could prove hard to topple.” Normally, savers could expect to get a better rate by locking their money away for five years, but that isn't the case today. Banks anticipate that interest rates will soon peak and start falling, as the Bank of England slowly wins the war on inflation. They don't want to commit to paying long-term fixed rates as a result. Close Brothers has pulled its best buy five cash Isa paying 4.20 percent leaving UBL in top spot with just 4.11 percent. Progressive Building Society has been offering four percent for weeks, Bowes added. READ MORE: 'Like getting 22.9% on your savings' - how to beat low rates on cash  Savers can get only slightly more by taking out a non-Isa account. SmartSave has just hiked the rate on its one-year bond to 4.21 percent, narrowly “pipping competitors”, Bowes said. The top two-year fixed bond rate is 4.35 percent from the Union Bank of India, while The Access Bank pays a fixed rate of 4.40 percent over three years. Bowes says it is still possible to get 4.50 percent a year if you are happy to lock your money away for five years, via savings platform Raisin. While fixed-rate bonds have stalled, at least they aren’t falling, Bowes added. Much depends on where inflation and interest rates go next. The Bank of England is expected to hike rates to 4.25 percent at its next meeting on March 23, but fixed rates may not increase as the long-term trend is likely to be downwards. Bowes said we may have now seen peak savings rates. "You may wish to lock some of your money away today, to enjoy these top rates while they last."  