A homeless sex offender came up with a cruel trick so he could have a bed for Christmas instead of sleeping rough. Jake Jones texted a young male who had been one of his earlier victims and then phoned a detective to report himself. The Christmas Eve ploy worked, and the 36-year-old ended up behind bars, reports Hull Live. However, Hull Crown Court heard Jones' selfish act would have caused great distress to his young victim. In court, Jones, formerly of Anlaby Road, west Hull, admitted failing to comply with his notification requirements as a convicted sex offender and breaching a sexual offence prevention order.  Michael Masson, prosecuting, said that Jones was given a sexual offence protection order under a different name at Teesside Crown Court in March 2014 for sexual assaults against a child under 13, sexual activity with a child under 16, and causing or inciting a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity. He had been ordered to register as a sex offender indefinitely, including notifying any change of name or home address. But on December 24, a detective involved in managing sex offenders received a telephone call from Jones to say he was homeless and wanted to find emergency accommodation but that he had been refused help because of previous problems in a hostel.   He had left his previous home on Anlaby Road and had been homeless for five days. The sexual offence protection order banned him from making contact with four young males involved in the original offences but he had contacted one of them with a text message. Jones later telephoned the detective to say that he was turning himself in. This was purely to get himself remanded into custody. "It was a deliberate breach," said Mr Masson. "The defendant has contacted the victim despite knowing that his actions could cause severe emotional distress. "It was targeting of an individual that the order was designed to protect. It was a deliberate failure to comply." Cathy Kioko-Gilligan, mitigating, said that it was "stupid offending" caused by Jones not having anywhere to live. That was the main problem behind his actions. Judge John Thackray KC told Jones: "It was plainly a deliberate breach by you, designed because you wanted to spend some time in custody rather than be homeless. "Whatever your motivation, it must have been extremely upsetting for your victim." Jones was jailed for eight months. 