BBC crime drama Happy Valley came to an end on Sunday and left viewers with mixed feelings over the highly anticipated scenes between Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) and Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton). While much of the episode focused on the two enemies, viewers were given an insight into what would happen to Rob Hepworth (Mark Stanley) and his young daughters. Reflecting on the finale, fans think he may have been plotting something dark for Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah). As Catherine attended her retirement party and packed up her belongings from her office, Detective Superintendent Andy Shepherd (Vincent Franklin) came into her office with an update on Rob. He said he wasn't charged with Joanna's murder but revealed: "We found indecent images on his phone, turns out he was blackmailing a lad from school, sending them to him." Catherine was concerned about his two daughters, but Andy reassured her their grandmother was there to take them in. Fans now think Rob was going to try and blackmail Ryan too and planned to grow closer to the school boy. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered Over the course of series three, fans saw Rob go from hating Ryan and belittling him, to offering advice on his father. One scene even saw the pair sit down in the school gym with Rob explaining Ryan could speak to him at any time. Speculating about how the relationship between the two could have progressed, Reddit user Liammet01 asked: “So was he also grooming and blackmailing Ryan? "Also what exactly was he blackmailing the boys over that he had enough power to get them to do stuff for him?” Nerdalertalertnerd replied: “It’s implied he was going to groom Ryan soon I think. “He’d gone from being quite nasty to him to the ‘heart to heart’ were he already did something inappropriate that we saw (revealing a personal detail about his life) and something inappropriate that Ryan himself noticed. “But what the officer said was that Hepworth had been blackmailing boys at school to send him pictures.” Writer Sally Wainwright previously spoke about how season three would be the last in the series, but actor Rhys has admitted he would happily reprise his role in another season. DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show [LATEST]BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [INSIGHT]John Cleese's plans for Fawlty Towers reboot slammed by BBC hosts [WATCH] Speaking on Good Morning Britain, he explained: "If Sally asked me to do pretty much any role again, I would be completely up for it. "Let me just make it clear, I don't want anything out of context: there are no plans for season four. As of now, Sally is completely happy with how she’s left the series. "But if in seven years Sally came to me and said: 'Do you want to play Ryan seven years on when he’s a police officer? If he’s an inspector or something.' "I would absolutely do that without a heartbeat. I would go for it." Sally previously revealed that she thought the production team "done a good job" of wrapping things up when it came to the ending. She explained to The Mirror: "During the filming of series two, Sarah and I started talking about doing the final series and being really clear that it was a final series. Sarah is always really good at knowing when to stop doing stuff. I thought it would make a really clear statement that this is the end of the story. "It's been a fantastic series, but we're going to make a really definite finale. You never know how anything's going to go down, but I think we've done a good job." Happy Valley season 1-3 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.