The father of two kids allegedly kidnapped by their mother said they are "still in shock" after being reunited with their family nearly a year after they were taken. Brooke, 11, and Adrian Gilley, 12, were found nearly 1,000 miles away from home after Florida police arrested their mother, Kristi Gilley, during a routine traffic stop. Blake Gilley, 38, said the kids are "still in shock" after sharing some of the details about the treatment they received after they were taken by their mother. Gilley said: "My kids were missing. I didn’t know where they are. That’s the biggest fear in the world. It is an understatement to say I was terrified and freaked out. "Kristi would never tell them what town they were in or anything. If they were in a car, they had to keep their heads down." He said Adrian, who has Down syndrome and is nonverbal, "still does that," as their mother instructed them not to look anyone in the eyes and "just look at the ground." Gilley added: "He’s getting better now. I’ve been telling him, 'Hey, you’re good, buddy, look up.'" JUST IN: Chilling 911 call details how mum cut her own wrists after allegedly killing 3 children Kristi Gilley was listed as an inmate in the Alachua County jail as of Monday, February 6. Gilley's lawyer, Maurice McDaniel, said his client will fight attempts to be extradited to Missouri as she intends to become a Florida resident. McDaniel said Gilley denied having tried to hide Adrian and Brooke's whereabouts by moving from one Airbnb to another in rural areas across Florida. Blake Gilley told NBC he and Kristi divorced in 2016 and shared custody of their children but he gained sole custody of the kids after she failed to appear in court. DON'T MISSUS evacuation ordered after train derailment explosion [LATEST]Harry and Meghan will never 'come close' to royal wealth [REPORT]China signalling 'we can do what we want' as US falls behind [INSIGHT] A court report showed Kristi Gilley had not returned the children to their father after the court ruling granting him sole custody and they were living with her sister in Liberty, Missouri. The report said: "Kristi had been making it increasingly more difficult for Blake to visit or speak to the children for quite some time, and had refused to let Blake visit or speak to the children at all, since 3/15/2022." Authorities attempted to locate Gilley and the kids at her parents' home in California but were unsuccessful, resulting in a parental kidnapping warrant being filed for Kristy on July 13, 2022. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews