Manchester United fans are almost completely split on whether or not Mason Greenwood should play for the club again. Greenwood has not played for United since January 2022 and remains suspended despite having charges of attempted rape and assault dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service earlier this month. Greenwood was arrested in January of last year but the CPS said that the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction, resulting in the case being dropped. United are now conducting an internal investigation as they determine whether or not the 21-year-old will return to the first team. A statement from Greenwood after the charges were dropped read: "I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time." The one-cap England international has made 129 appearances for the Red Devils but none in almost the last 400 days since his arrest. And an Express Sport poll which received nearly 14,000 responses saw 51 per cent vote that Greenwood should indeed be allowed back into United's first-team environment. But 49 per cent argued that United should not allow their academy graduate to continue his career with them, meaning an almost even split among supporters. Regardless of whether or not Greenwood does play for United again, Erik ten Hag wants to sign a new striker this summer. Wout Weghorst arrived on loan in January but United will want a goalscoring No 9 to support Marcus Rashford and take them up another level. And 40 per cent of fans would like to see Harry Kane brought in from Tottenham in a big-money move. The England captain narrowly defeated Napoli's Victor Osimhen - one of the most in-form attackers in the world right now - in the vote. Kane, 29, enters the final 12 months of his Spurs contract in the summer and has long been tipped to head to Old Trafford. While he turns 30 this July, the three-time Premier League Golden Boot winner has still produced an excellent 17 goals in 23 league games this term despite Spurs' inconsistencies. Osimhen meanwhile has 18 Serie A goals for champions-elect Napoli, five more than any other player in Italy's top flight. The Nigerian is a younger option at 24 but like Kane would cost a massive amount. Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis said this week: "Keeping them [Osimhen and Khvicha Kvaratskhelia] here won't be difficult. However, never say never. "Sometimes there are offers you can't refuse, so you never know. To me, we'll see them shine for a long time." Kane, however, has hinted he could yet sign a new deal for Spurs having recently become the club's all-time leading goalscorer. Elsewhere, Roma frontman Tammy Abraham and Red Bull Salzburg striker Benjamin Seiko - both touted as cheaper alternatives for Ten Hag - received 11 per each of the vote with Kane and Osimhen clearly the top two names for United fans.