David Carrick has been handed 36 life sentences and will serve a minimum of 30 years behind bars for his horrific crimes. The former Metropolitan Police officer, one of the country's worst sex offenders, used his "power and control" to carry out the sex attacks on "vulnerable" women and stop them from reporting him. The court previously heard that two of the victims were kept in a small cupboard under the stairs in Carrick's home while others were urinated on or attacked with a belt. Carrick held a handgun to the head of one of his victims before raping her - and sent another a photograph of himself with a work-issue firearm, saying: "Remember I am the boss." In a televised sentencing hearing at Southwark Crown Court on Tuesday, Carrick was handed 36 life sentences, with a minimum term of 32 years - minus his time spent on remand - after becoming one of the country's worst ever sex offenders. He previously pleaded guilty to 49 charges, including 24 counts of rape, but some are multiple-incident counts, meaning they relate to at least 85 separate offences, including at least 71 sexual offences and 48 rapes. Passing sentence, Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb told him: "These convictions represent a spectacular downfall for a man charged with upholding the law and empowered to do so even to the extent of being authorised to bear a firearm in the execution of your duty. "Behind a public appearance of propriety and trustworthiness you took monstrous advantage of women. "You brazenly raped and sexually assaulted a number of women, some very brutally and you behaved as if you were untouchable. "You were bold and at times relentless, trusting that no victim would overcome her shame and fear to report you. "For nearly two decades, you were proved right but now a combination of those 12 women, by coming forward, and your police colleagues, by acting on their evidence, have exposed you and brought you low. "You have lost your liberty, your job and your status. You have before you the prospect of a difficult time in custody for many years." Carrick sat in the dock with his eyes closed and head bowed during the hearing in a packed courtroom, including some of his victims, and showed no emotion as he was sentenced. Tom Little, prosecuting detailed Carrick's crimes to the court, saying it didn't matter to Carrick who they were. He told the court: "The reality was, if he had the opportunity, he would rape them, sexually abuse or assault them and/or humiliate them." A catalogue of allegations was made against Carrick both before and during his time at the force, but he faced no criminal sanctions or misconduct until he was arrested in October 2021. The court heard that several victims were scared to come forward because of his position in the force with one thinking "nobody would believe her". The judge told the defendant, who appeared in the dock in a suit and tie, he took "monstrous advantage" of his victims and behaved as if he were "untouchable". She told the defendant: "These convictions represent a spectacular downfall for a man charged with upholding the law and empowered to do so even to the extent of being authorised to bear a firearm in the execution of his duty." The court heard Carrick had attempted to kill himself while on remand at Belmarsh prison and was detained in a secure hospital but was found not to be suffering from any mental disorder. The judge told him: "You were driven to try to commit suicide as a self-pitying reaction to the shame brought on you by these proceedings rather than remorse." Carrick's crimes were all carried out while he was a serving police officer. He joined the Met in 2001 before becoming an armed officer with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command in 2009. READ MORE: 911 call details how mum cut herself after allegedly killing children He passed vetting checks to guard sites including embassies and the Houses of Parliament and completed training courses, including one on domestic abuse in 2005. The Met was forced to apologise and admit Carrick should have been rooted out earlier after it emerged he came to police attention over nine separate incidents between 2000 and 2021 - and was known to colleagues as "B****** Dave". The charges include 24 counts of rape, nine counts of sexual assault, five counts of assault by penetration, three counts of coercive and controlling behaviour, three counts of false imprisonment, two counts of attempted rape, one count of attempted sexual assault by penetration, one count of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent and one count of indecent assault. Carrick faced no criminal sanctions or misconduct findings and police chiefs across England and Wales have since been asked to have all officers checked against national police databases by the end of March. He was finally sacked from the force last month after his final guilty pleas and his crimes are set to form part of the independent inquiry looking at the murder of Sarah Everard, who was raped and strangled by then-serving Met officer Wayne Couzens in March 2021. The case is the latest in a string of damaging scandals for the Met, including Ms Everard's murder, racist and misogynist messages exchanged by a team at Charing Cross, and the strip-search of a teenage girl at school while she was menstruating.   READ MORE: 911 call details how mum cut herself after allegedly killing children He was finally sacked from the force last month after his final guilty pleas and his crimes are set to form part of the independent inquiry looking at the murder of Sarah Everard, who was raped and strangled by then-serving Met officer Wayne Couzens in March 2021. The case is the latest in a string of damaging scandals for the Met, including Ms Everard's murder, racist and misogynist messages exchanged by a team at Charing Cross, and the strip-search of a teenage girl at school while she was menstruating.