Tottenham would require Premier League approval to add Ben Foster to their 25-man squad as a backup for Fraser Forster. The 34-year-old is set to deputise for Hugo Lloris with Brandon Austin and Alfie Whiteman in reverse neither of whom have played a single minute of first-team football for the club. Tottenham have rarely made changes between the sticks over the last decade with club captain Lloris proving to be largely reliable presence in goal. However, his performances have not been up to standard at times this season and he is now set to spend at least the next six weeks on the sidelines with a knee injury. Summer signing Forster is set to replace him but the club have concerns over the depth in the position behind him. Third and fourth choices Whiteman and Austin have never played for the club or in the Premier League and their inexperience could show if they are called upon. As a result, The Mirror reports that Spurs have looked at encouraging former Manchester United and Watford goalkeeper Ben Foster out of retirement to take up a place on the bench. However, the club would require special dispensation from the Premier League to add him to their 25-man squad. READ MORE: Odegaard makes Arsenal vow as Gunners star fires message to Man City It is unclear whether or not this would be granted while there is also no guarantee Foster would be up for a return to football. The 39-year-old was released by Watford in the summer and turned down an opportunity to join Newcastle United in the summer, preferring to hang up his gloves than sit as a backup for Nick Pope. In the meantime, Tottenham assistant manager Cristian Stellini has insisted he has full faith in Forster’s abilities as he looks to help the club through a make-or-break two weeks. The club face AC Milan in the Champions League and Sheffield United in the FA Cup all while the race for the top four intensifies. DON'T MISSMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawlMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawLeeds next manager: Ex-Tottenham boss emerges as option to replace Marsch “I have to say the first thing I like about Fraser is as a man - because he is a very good man. His behaviour in this season was perfect,” he said. “Every day he pushes himself to train really hard and with this behaviour, he pushes Hugo to train very hard. We don't have to forget we are men before we are players, and I like Fraser. “It will be interesting to see him for some weeks to play with us. We trust in him, we completely trust in him.”