Rafael Nadal has overtaken Roger Federer to become the most nominated tennis player at the Laureus Sports Awards after being shortlisted for World Sportsman of the Year after winning two Grand Slam titles in 2022 to set a men’s singles record of 22 trophies, eventually equalled by Novak Djokovic this year. WTA world No 1 Iga Swiatek was nominated in the Sportswoman category while Carlos Alcaraz, Elena Rybakina and Diede de Groot were also recognised. The nominees for this year’s Laureus Sports Awards have officially been unveiled, with Nadal managing to break Federer’s previous record by receiving his ninth overall nomination. The world No 6 received his seventh nomination in the World Sportsman category, adding to his 2014 Comeback of the Year win and his 2006 Breakthrough of the Year victory. It means he overtakes his long-time rival, who had seven Sportsman nominations and a Comeback win in 2018. Despite receiving nine total nominations, Nadal has only been awarded four times in the past - two World Sportsman awards in 2011 and 2021, one Comeback and one Breakthrough - and he will be hoping for a fifth this year. And the 22-time Major winner isn’t the only tennis player recognised this year with Swiatek being nominated in the World Sportswoman of the Year category following a dominant 2022 season which saw her win seven titles including two Grand Slams at the French Open and US Open, and go on a 37-match winning streak. JUST IN: Medvedev fires early Indian Wells warning after winning Rotterdam   Meanwhile, two tennis players are up for Breakthrough of the Year after Britain’s Emma Raducanu was given the prestigious award 12 months ago. Alcaraz has received a nod after a spectacular breakthrough season which saw him win five titles including the US Open, where he became the first teenage Grand Slam champion since Nadal 17 years earlier. The 19-year-old also rose to world No 1 as a result after starting 2022 ranked at No 32 and became the youngest top-ranked man in ATP history. Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina is up against Alcaraz in the Breakthrough category after lifting her maiden Major crown at SW19 and backing it up with a run to the recent Australian Open final. DON'T MISSRaducanu stalker 'submits document' to have community service scrappedDjokovic calls sudden press conference as Indian Wells update expectedDjokovic spotted blasting out karaoke with Aston Villa icon And Diede de Groot rounds out the list of tennis players nominated at this year’s Laureus awards with the world No 1 in both singles and doubles wheelchair tennis being shortlisted for Sportsperson of the Year with a Disability. De Groot completed the Calendar Grand Slam for the second time last year and has not lost a Major singles final since Wimbledon 2019. She also won three of four Grand Slams in doubles alongside partner Aniek van Koot last year with their only defeat coming in the Wimbledon final to Yui Kamiji and Dana Mathewson. The Dutch pro has been nominated for the award twice in the past but is yet to win it. 