WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.The Masked Singer season four has been filled with wild predictions and unexpected reveals that have left the panel gobsmacked. The most recent was last weekend which saw Jacket Potato unveiled as none other than Bon Jovi star Richie Sambora, leaving Davina McCall stunned. ITV's guessing game isn't quite over yet though with the finalists Fawn, Phoenix and Rhino still left to be unmasked. The Masked Singer is going to see the remaining three contestants' identities revealed at last. For weeks, fans have been scratching their heads at who could be behind Phoenix, Fawn and Rhino, with a wide spectrum of predictions also coming from the famous panel. From Tom Daley and Paddy McGuinness, and David Tennant to Michael Ball, the panelists have been clutching at straws when it comes to guessing who Phoenix could be. Viewers have been confident for quite some time though that they know who is really behind the eccentric mask. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore Fans of The Masked Singer have been taking to social media to share their thoughts on Phoenix, with many linking the clues to Kaiser Chiefs singer Ricky Wilson. Proudly sharing their analysis, one viewer wrote on Twitter: "It's Ricky Wilson. Sticks of rock and the football in the clues package VT both link to Kaiser Chiefs. "Their album, Souvenir, had a stick of rock on the cover and the band took their name from the South African team that Lucas Radebe once played for. You're welcome," Another pointed out: "Ricky Wilson. The War of The Worlds music was playing during his intro clues. The mystery stuff could be his myths & legends podcast." In one clue package, there was also a paint brush and palette which could hint to Wilson's previous career as an art teacher. While many are confident that the I Predict A Riot singer is behind Phoenix, there are some who still aren't quite so sure. TommyD, music producer, and co-founder of TokenTraxx spoke to Express.co.uk ahead of the finale about who he believes really could be behind Phoenix's mask. He explained: "Now completely convinced it's not Ricky Wilson. Tommy's curveball is Mr Smooth himself,  Anton Du Beke. "There’s something about his vibe that gets me thinking he feels the music as much as hears it." DON'T MISS...Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [EXIT]The Masked Singer's Fawn addressed as Nicole Appleton speaks on sister [CAST] Dick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer [REACTION] This isn't the first time the Strictly Come Dancing judge's name has cropped up for Phoenix A few weeks back, comedian Mo Gilligan guessed Anton, stating that Phoenix was "flamboyant" like the dancing professional. But others have predicted it could be former Strictly judge Bruno Tonioli who Du Beke replaced a couple of series ago. Some thought Phoenix's clue song, Elton John's I'm Still Standing, was a big hint as Tonioli famously appeared in the 1983 music video. @corby_tun tweeted: "Bruno Tonioli for sure - he was a dancer in the video for this song, and the film Rocketman ends with this and you get a big screen ten foot leather clad Bruno in your face." There isn't too long now before the truth comes out regarding Phoenix, as well as the fellow finalists Fawn and Rhino. Fawn has been predicted as All Saints star Natalie Appleton and a number of viewers, and half the panel, have guessed Rhino is singer Charlie Simpson. But whoever the celebrities behind the masks, which one is going to take home the season four crown? The Masked Singer season four finale airs on Saturday, February 18, at 8pm on ITV.