TikToker Sasha (@cleanwithshash) has uncovered a cheap and simple method for efficiently removing mould. The viral video was originally posted in 2021 but has recently resurfaced and is continuing to be a hit on the social media app with over 530,000 views and over 40,000 likes.    A university student wrote to Sasha and asked her what products they should use to remove mould from their student home. Sasha responded that there was an “amazing” spay that only costs 99p ($1.19). In the video, Sasha uses the Mould and Mildew Blaster by Astonish, which can be found at ASDA or Walmart. In the video, Sasha said the product is less than a pound, but with inflation, in 2023 the price of the spray has slightly risen and it now costs £1.25 ($1.51). Sasha also said that while the spray was effective, it has a “very, very strong” smell and she recommended that those wishing to clean a large room or wall wear a face covering. She also recommended that those cleaning mould “do little bits at a time, take breaks and try and open the door and leave the room [to air] if you can.” Sasha begins the TikTok video by showing a mouldy wall in her own bedroom and explained the step-by-step process of getting rid of the fungus. Sasha said that first, you must open a window, and she placed a small dehumidifier product on her windowsill. She then puts on gloves, which she says is a “very important” step. READ MORE: ‘Best’ method to clean yellow bathroom grout for 50p Sasha then shows the mould and mildew spray, and explained “I just spray down the wall, making sure I’ve got every little bit of [the mould].” She added: “I use cheap cloths that I can dispose of when I’ve used it on the wall. I damp it and then I wipe down all the walls. I don’t have to do much as the spray did all the hard work.” The cleaning TikToker then showed off her wall, which looked clean and mould-free but was still wet from the spay. Sasha said her final trick was to use an electric dehumidifier to “suck all the damp.” She said: “I can’t afford to run this all the time, but I just pop it on for a couple of minutes and it makes all the difference.” In the comments, people offered their own ideas and tricks for getting rid of mould. Someone named Kirstee offered her own alternative for making sure mould would not come back for those who cannot afford an electric dehumidifier.   DON'T MISS:Two natural ingredients to ‘brighten’ and ‘clean’ laundry [REVEAL]£1 kitchen item ‘works a treat’ at removing ‘tarnishing’ from cutlery [REPORT]'Eliminate streaks' on mirrors using 29p ingredient - and no chemicals [INSIGHT] She said: “Spray white vinegar after, and just let it sit and dry itself it is known to kill mould spores!” Sasha replied to the comment and said it was a good idea. Another user also swore by the mould and mildew blaster spray and said they “lived by” the spray since it was such a useful product. Sasha replied that it was amazing value. Another cleaning expert explained how to prevent mould and mildew in the home. Angela Brown, host of the daily show and podcast Ask a House Cleaner, said: "Mold is tricky to clean and can cause various health problems, from allergies and asthma to headaches and eye and skin irritation. In some cases, it can even cause more severe illnesses." Angela said: "Mold in a shower that is contained can be removed with hydrogen peroxide and prevented by spraying the problem areas with hydrogen peroxide after each use of the shower or tub." The best way to use hydrogen peroxide to clean your shower is to spray the product onto the mold and leave it to sit for 30 minutes before rinsing it away.   Keep humidity low Mould is caused by high levels of moisture in the air. The wetter the air, the more the mould. You can keep humidity low by opening the windows (unless it's raining), turning on the heating or using a dehumidifier. Fix leaks Leaks are areas where water can leak into the home, causing moisture and mould. Hire a professional to find and fix these leaks. Use mould-resistant paint Anti-mould paint can help to keep the growth away long term.