A 26-year-old man who died after a double knife attack in east London in the early hours of Saturday morning (Febuary 11) has been named. Mr Trei Daley of Bromley, South London was stabbed near the Colour Factor nightclub in Queen’s Yard, just off White Post Lane in Hackney Wick. The Metropolitan Police have launched an investigation to find the killer. Police were alerted at 4.30am this morning after Mr Daley and another person walked into a nearby hospital with stab wounds. The other man, a 24-year-old, has since been discharged from the hospital. Detective Chief Inspector Jim Eastwood made an appeal for witnesses.    "Firstly, I want to express my most sincere sympathies to Trei's family," he said. "They are being supported by specialist officers, and a dedicated team of detectives will be doing everything possible to bring to justice whoever was responsible for this tragic killing. "Our inquiries have established that Trei was stabbed near to the Colour Factory nightclub in Queen's Yard, which is just off White Post Lane in Hackney Wick. "This area was still busy at around 4am to 4.30am on Saturday morning. Were you there? Did you witness some sort of fight or confrontation? Did you see or hear anything suspicious?"   Officers have already spoken to several people who were in the area, but Mr Eastwood has asked for more to come forward. Part of White Post Lane has been taped off by police but onlookers have been able to spot blood stains from beyond the cordoned-off area. Cadogan Close near Victoria Park was closed off later in the day, including a footbridge over the river. Matt Kruzynski, a worker at a bar which has been closed, was “shocked” to hear about the incident in what he called a “family-friendly area” that has gotten “better” in recent years.  "Hackney Wick is my local drinking spot, I spend a lot of time here,” he said. "I have always felt very safe here. Nothing like this has ever happened while I've worked in Hackney Wick. "The area has a bad reputation because of how it used to be, but it has changed a lot. "Even at one or two in the morning after finishing work, I've never felt worried about walking home by myself.  "This is a very family-friendly area. It's normal to see people pushing prams or taking their dogs for a walk at midnight." Anyone with information should contact police via 101 quoting ref 1222/11feb, or Crimestoppers to get in touch anonymously. Data from The Office for National Statistics has shown that the number of people killed by a knife in England and Wales between 2021.22 was the highest in 76 years. The ONS said the recent increase was driven by an 18% rise in the number of male victims, from 184 to 218, in the 12 months to March 2022.  