Ozzy Osbourne, 74, has sat down for a candid chat about her extensive past career, as well as his aspirations for the future. The Black Sabbath star admitted he would “die” to work with Paul McCartney while talking about his ideal collaborations. Discussing if he would like to collaborate with other British rock legends, Ozzy said: “I love Jimmy Page. “And I would - Paul McCartney played my album, I think I would die to have a Beatle like that on my album. “I did ask him one time, but he came up with the excuse of, ‘Well, I couldn’t beat the bass player that was already on there.’ “I went, “Oh, well, okay yeah, maybe you’re right. F***ing Beatle.” In a new teaser for his interview with Billboard News shared on social media, Ozzy was asked about the late Foo Fighters legend Taylor Hawkins, who died on March 25, 2022. Ozzy recounted: “He died literally the week after he worked on my album.” The Prince of Darkness’ remarks come after he took to Twitter to announce that he will no longer be touring due to health reasons. Ozzy yesterday shared one of the "hardest things" he has ever had to do as he announced that he will no longer be touring with Black Sabbath. Ozzy shared a statement in view of his 5.5 million Twitter followers with the caption: "This is probably one of the hardest things I've ever had to share with my loyal fans..." The statement read: "As you all know, four years ago, this month, I had a major accident, where I damaged my spine. "My one and only purpose during this time has been to get back on stage. My singing voice is fine. "However, after three operations, stem cell treatments, endless physical therapy sessions, and most recently groundbreaking Cynbernics (HAL) Treatment, my body is still physically weak. DON'T MISS...Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] "I am honestly humbled by the way you've all patiently held onto your tickets for all this time, but in all good conscience, I have now come to the realisation that I'm not physically capable of doing my upcoming European/UK tour dates, as I know I couldn't deal with the travel required. "Believe me when I say that the thought of disappointing my fans really F**KS ME UP, more than you'll ever know. "Never would I have imagined that my touring days would have ended this way? "My team is currently coming up with ideas for where I will be able to perform without having to travel from city to city and country to country." The statement continued: "I want to thank my family... my band... my crew... my longtime friends, Judas Priest, and of course, my fans for their endless dedication, loyalty and support, and for giving me the life that I never ever dreamed I would have. "I love you all. Ticket refunds are available at point of purchase." The 'No More Tours 2' UK and European shows were pushed back a number of times due to the singer's poor health and the Covid pandemic, before being rescheduled for 2023. He was due to perform shows in Nottingham, Newcastle, Glasgow, Manchester, Dublin, London and Birmingham across May and June. Ozzy has also cancelled European show dates.