Lionel Messi was spotted in a Barcelona restaurant on Monday night amid the ongoing uncertainty regarding his long-term future at Paris Saint-Germain, according to reports. The seven-time Ballon d'Or winner is yet to sign a new contract at the Parc des Princes and has been linked with several clubs, including Barcelona, as he continues to mull over whether to stay in France beyond the end of this season. At least one meeting has taken place between PSG and Messi's entourage in recent weeks, with his father Jorge believed to be taking care of negotiations on behalf of the 35-year-old. An agreement to see the winger extend his stay in Paris is yet to be reached, though, leaving his future uncertain with only a few months remaining until his existing deal runs out.The idea of a romantic return to Barcelona has been floated since the end of last season, although it remains to be seen whether the Catalan giants will explore the possibility of bringing him back if he fails to reach an agreement with PSG before the end of the season.Messi managed to set tongues wagging on Monday by returning to Barcelona for a meal with two of his former team-mates, with his presence fuelling speculation that a high-profile move back to the Nou Camp could be an option for him next season. He met with Jordi Alba, Sergio Busquets and their partners for dinner before posing for a picture which was shared by his wife, Antonela Roccuzzo, via Instagram. JUST IN: Neymar has surprising Premier League plan as PSG 'invite offers' It was recently reported by Foot Mercato that Messi is leaning towards a summer exit from PSG after deciding not to prioritise talks with the club's hierarchy over a new and improved contract. He has previously been tipped to move to the MLS with Inter Miami, who are owned by David Beckham, although he is thought to be reluctant to join them given that he wants to remain with the Argentina team for the Copa America in 2024.The possibility of signing a new contract at PSG is not completely dead in the water, though, and there is every chance that Messi could ultimately end up staying with his current employers for at least another year. PSG are not expected to make a final decision on whether or not to renew his deal until their Champions League campaign draws to a close, which suggests there will be plenty of time for the situation to reach a firm conclusion at some point over the coming weeks. Club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi recently insisted that he believes Messi will eventually decide to stay with the defending French champions for the foreseeable future, saying towards the end of last year: "I think that if both want to extend the contract, he will stay."We are going to talk after the World Cup, but I confirm a thousand times he is very happy at the club, he’s having a great season, he’s adapted to French football. I think he wants to stay." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.