Martin Brundle has settled down near his childhood home in King’s Lynn and the Sky Sports F1 host enjoys a superb life alongside his family. According to Celebrity Net Worth, the 63-year-old is valued at a staggering £83.6million ($100m) after a career in F1 and broadcasting. Express Sport takes a look at Brundle’s life on and off track. Brundle lives in Gayton, a small village in Norfolk close to his King's Lynn roots. Brundle has previously described himself as a “west Norfolk boy”, highlighting how proud he is of his home. During the coronavirus pandemic, fans got a glimpse inside Brundle's study as he contributed clips to shows and social media. On his wall is a beautiful painting of Brundle behind the wheel of a Bennetton at the 1992 British Grand Prix. Brundle recently opened up about his stunning car collection which includes a sprinkling of some of the most evocative vehicles around. Brundle admitted he “loved” his Aston Martin DBS in a chat with Evo Magazine in 2021. However, one of his personal favourites is his Porsche Cayenne 4.2 V8 diesel which he revealed he took on road trips. The Sky Sports host has also owned a range of Ferrari’s including the 328 GTS, 355 GTB and a 550 Maranello. His first car was a Toyota Corolla Coupe SR which he tuned up with “Wolfrace wheels” as a youngster. READ MORE: Martin Brundle gives telling response to FIA president giving up role Brundle met his current wife Liz when the pair were at college together in King’s Lynn. The couple have two children together with son Alex also following in his father’s footsteps. Like Martin, Alex has had a successful career in sportscar racing and has competed at the prestigious 24 Hours of Le Mans. Alex has also taken up commentary and lends his voice to Sky Sports F1’s coverage of F2 and F3 races over the summer. Brundle is understood to be good friends with Channel 4 commentator David Coulthard, with the former colleagues snapped dining out for his 50th birthday in 2021. Brundle is also part of the ‘Rat Pack’, a group of British drivers which include Damon Hill and former Top Gear Stig Perry McCarthy. DON'T MISSBrundle thinks Horner said something 'odd' about his Red Bull drivers [INSIGHT]Martin Brundle identifies major issues with new Alfa Romeo livery [COMMENT]Brundle disagrees with Wolff as Mercedes boss looks to block FIA plans [ANALYSIS] The ex-F1 star is a keen music fan, posting a clip of him attending a Rolling Stones concert in London last summer. He explained: “The Stones were pure class in Hyde Park. Forget the octogenarian backstory, they are great and energetic musicians and entertainers. Wonderful.” Alongside his interest in four wheels, Brundle also has a keen passion for two. He told Evo: "I’m also into bikes. I’ve got a BMW K1600 GT, straight-six across the frame. I ride to a handful of European F1 races each season.” Brundle enjoyed a titanic battle with Ayrton Senna for the 1983 Formula Three championship. Senna came out on top but it didn’t stop the Brazilian from praising the young brit. Brundle posted on Instagram: “Ayrton told me at this moment, happy in F3 championship victory in the final few laps, that I was the best British driver since Jim Clark.” Brundle entered F1 in 1984 but took time away from the sport at the end of the decade to focus on sportscars. After winning Le Mans in 1990, Brundle returned to the grid but ultimately failed to stand on the top step of the podium. The ex-McLaren driver still keeps his foot behind the wheel at a range of domestic events. Brundle even teamed up with son Alex in historic racing, sharing a Jaguar E-Type at the Silverstone Classic.