Microsoft has announced the next major expansion for Forza Horizon 5, titled Rally Adventure. Launching on March 29, the Forza 5 DLC takes place in Sierra Nueva, which contains multiple biomes such as sand dunes desert gorges, green hills and forests. With three different teams, players compete in timed rally stages and multi-car races. Microsoft explains more: "Listen out for navigator callouts from your new co-driver, who follows every race from the dynamic Horizon Rally Helicopter and ensures your success in even the most challenging of routes thanks to a dramatic night-time spotlight. "Rally drivers should also pay close attention to the new Horizon Rally HUD, which includes helpful on-screen information like a mini leaderboard, pace notes and position changes that can be toggled on or off." According to Microsoft, the expansion adds more objects and props for EventLab, which will also be available within the main game. An additional ten vehicles will also be added to the game, including the all-electric 2022 Ford F-150 Lightning Platinum, the incredible 1973 Hoonigan Volkswagen Baja Beetle Class 5/1600 ‘Scumbug’, and a rally legend in the 2001 Ford #4 Ford Focus RS. A Metal Gear Solid 3 remake will reportedly be unveiled during this year's E3 conference. In a brand new video game podcast from VGC, Andy Robinson claims that Konami will have a "pretty big E3". The company will reportedly use the June industry event to announce its long-rumoured Metal Gear 3 Remake. Furthermore, Konami is expected to unveil a new game in the Castlevania series. Next year's Call of Duty will reportedly be released on current and last-gen consoles. Despite rumours to the contrary, a new report suggests Call of Duty 2024 will come to PS4 and Xbox One. It was previously thought that Call of Duty would leave the last-gen consoles behind after this year's release. According to Insider Gaming, however, references to a past-gen Call of Duty documents can be found in a recent Activision data breach. With Call of Duty seemingly coming to Switch, the continuation of past-gen releases does kind of make sense.