Former police officers have claimed any traces of Nicola Bulley in the area by the River Wyre where she was last seen will have gone by now. Their intervention comes amid calls for the search operation to move away from the river and further on land. Ms Bulley, 45, from Inskip, went missing while walking her dog, Willow, along the River Wyre near the village of St Michael's on Wyre on January 27. Her disappearance prompted a huge search operation with police, HM Coastguard, drones, sniffer dogs, mountain rescus, helicopters and Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service deployed. No trace of the mum-of-two was found in the river with Ms Bulley's partner, Paul Ansell, and members of her family raising doubts about a police claim she fell in the river. Ms Bulley's mobile phone and Willow's lead were found on a bench by the Wyre with the springer spaniel's harness on the nearby riverbank. Lancashire Constabulary has faced criticism that the area around where Ms Bulley was last seen was not immediately cordoned off. Former Metropolitan Police officer, Graham Wetton, told the Telegraph: "From what I saw from the early stages it wasn’t secured, it wasn’t coned off or taped off. There was no inner outer cordon in effect at all. "I’d like to think that was done with some forethought and some knowledge as to why they didn’t need to secure it. They didn’t think there were any forensic opportunities there because they were clearly convinced, from whatever information they’ve got, that she’s gone in the water." A retired officer from Lancashire Constabulary told the same publication that riverbanks and fields are not forensically friendly areas. He said: "There will be fingerprints and bootprints from all kinds of people in the area, which would be no use to police." READ ABOUT NICOLA BULLEY'S PHONE BEING A DECOY The former officer said without the shoes Ms Bulley was wearing on the day she vanished, it would be almost impossible to track her footprints. Ex-detective Mark Williams-Thomas told Channel 5 urged the force to increase their searches away from the Wyre. He said: "They now need to start looking at the wider area, not just focused in relation to the river. "We know their hypothesis is the river. But actually there are three aspects here, which are either: river, she walks off, or someone takes her. Those are your three hypotheses. Not just the water. "They need to be very broad. The senior command course tells you 'don’t be fixated by one element'." DON'T MISS: Teenager found alive and pregnant in wardrobe [REVEALED] Harry and Meghan to stop dishing dirt on Royal Family in new rebrand [LATEST] Putin's terrifying plot to 'destroy' another European nation unveiled [REPORT] Mr Ansell told Channel 5 his gut instinct is that Ms Bulley is not in the river and that he wanted all options to be kept open as to how she went missing. Police have previously ruled out foul play and are treating the incident as a missing person inquiry, believing Ms Bulley fell into the water. But Lancashire Constabulary says it is still keeping an "open mind" and has continued to appeal for information. The force appeared to call out social media sleuths for their "hurtful abuse of innocent people" in relation to the case on Friday. It said speculation about her fate by "so-called experts" was "damaging" to the investigation. On Twitter, the force wrote: "We continue to see hurtful abuse of innocent people, including witnesses and local businesses. "There is also a huge amount of commentary from so-called experts and conspiracy theories which are damaging to the investigation and, worst of all, to Nicola's family. It must stop." Police on Tuesday rejected suggestions Ms Bulley could have been a victim of crime. Supt Sally Riley of Lancashire Police said "every single" potential suspicion or criminal suggestion which had come in, had been looked at by detectives and discounted. She told reporters at a press conference: "I would like to reassure the community that nothing in this investigation so far, it has been checked out if it has come in suggesting crime, it has been checked and discounted. "So every single potential third party line of inquiry and potential suspicious or criminal element has been looked at and discounted." Anyone with information which could help the investigation should call 101 quoting log 0565 of January 30. For immediate sightings call 999.