Council workers in the Shetland Islands will not be given a bank holiday to mark the celebration of the Coronation of King Charles in May. The King's ceremony will be held at Westminster Abbey on Saturday May 6, with a bank holiday designated for Monday May 8 by the UK Government. Members of the Shetland Islands' council unanimously voted to not make May 8 a bank holiday, leading some to fear it could negatively impact staff morale. In Scotland, the devolved government means local councils vote on national holidays, with no obligation to take a holiday for the Coronation. The council's policy and resources committee had been offered a number of options, from 'do nothing' to calling a national public holiday, where all non-essential council work would be stopped. North Isles councillor Robert Thomson said he would approve the 'do nothing' option, meaning that anyone wishing to take May 8 off would have to request it as paid leave. Last year the council agreed a one-off bank holiday for the Queen's funeral, and in June they agreed to move their post-Up Helly Aa holiday to coincide with the Platinum Jubilee. Up Helly Aa is an annual fire festival that takes place on the last Tuesday in January in Lerwick, Shetland. However this time they questioned marking the occasion two days after the actual event, especially as it could cost up to £90,000. READ MORE: Camilla subject to torrent of abuse after testing positive for Covid Brits are being encouraged to treat the Coronation bank holiday as an opportunity to get involved with voluntary organisations in their local communities. However the council for the Shetland Islands argued that its "volunteering credentials were already well-established", reported STV. There was also concern about the impact of further local disruption after schools shut due to teaching union strikes. DON'T MISS:Royal Valentine's and how the Firm spends the year's most romantic day [LATEST]William left 'gobsmacked' after Harry 'dragged Kate into harmful row' [SPOTLIGHT]Prince William has kids in hysterics with verdict on mum's cooking [REVEAL] Deputy council leader Gary Robinson said more people had contacted him about services running on the Monday rather than anything to do with the Coronation, "so I think that for me shows where the concern really lies". Shetland Central member Davie Sandison said he was "very concerned" about the possibility of children losing more learning time in schools. He said: "We’ve lost a significant amount of days for various reasons over the last while", adding he could not justify another lost day.