The series will star former Death in Paradise detective Kris Marshall who will reprise his role as DI Humphrey Goodman. While some of the cast will be new to the Death in Paradise world, Zahra Ahmandi starred in the original series and will be returning in a separate role for the spin-off. Detailing her time on the original BBC series, the actress admitted she had a "hard time" on set in Guadalupe.  Sunday Brunch presenters Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy had Beyond Paradise stars Zahra Ahmadi, who plays DS Esther Williams, and former Derry Girls star Dylan Llewellyn, who stars as PC Kelby Hartford, on the Channel 4 show. Describing the spin-off series, Zahra explained: "I feel like there's a real comic tone in places to the show because most of us kind of have a background in comedy acting. "So yeah, that's quite strong throughout and we had such fun filming." "It's really interesting that the spin-off has come because Death in Paradise is so, so popular," Tim remarked. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain He continued: "And I watched the first episode last night. "It has the feeling of it but also does feel different. It doesn't feel that it's just kind of, copy it and put it in Devon and Cornwall. Was it good fun to film?" "I loved it," Zahra enthused. "It was my favourite film that I've ever done." Tim later pointed out that Zahra had also featured in Death in Paradise as Daisy Anderson. Talking about taking part in both, she admitted: "I was a bit nervous about it, to be honest. "When I got recalled [for Beyond Paradise] and was doing more and more auditions, I was like, 'Please nobody bring it up.' "And someone said, 'You were in Death in Paradise, right?' and I was like, 'Yeah...' "Because I thought, 'How can I do it if I've died?' but it's a different universe!" DON'T MISS... Sunday Brunch viewers 'switch off' over 'scraping the barrel' content [REACTION]King Charles would be making 'mistake' snubbing Harry and Meghan [VIDEO]Escape to the Chateau's Angel Adoree in tears ahead of final party [LATEST] "Exactly, it's a telly universe," Tim agreed before asking: "Is it nice filming there or is it better filming over here?" "Oh, I had a hard time in Guadeloupe," the former EastEnders star admitted. "I don't like bugs, so I had a lot of bug incidents in Guadalupe..." "What do you mean?" Tim probed as Dylan remarked: "You were famous for it, weren't you?" "Yeah, it's legend!" Zahra joked. "A legendary story, which I only found about post-filming. "But my first day of filming, I was dead, laying on the floor and it was Ardal O'Hanlon, he was the detective at the time. "And he and Don Warrington were kind of, looking at the body, commenting.  "And then all of a sudden, someone said, 'Get up, get up, get up!' "So I kind of stood up and I had this dress on, and 10 people descended on me, shaking it out, brushing down my legs. "And nobody would tell me what was going on, and then eventually, I got it out of my makeup artist. "And it was a scolopendra - quite a poisonous centipede and it was on me and they have quite nasty bites and can give you quite a bad allergic reaction." "You don't get that in Devon and Cornwall," Simon chimed, to which Zahra replied: "No, thank goodness!" Beyond Paradise premieres on Friday, February 24, at 8pm on BBC One. 