Recently, shoppers started to notice a reduced amount of stock on the fresh produce shelves of supermarkets across the UK. It comes as a result of the extreme weather in European countries which has caused a delay in supply. However, as BBC Breakfast highlighted the shortages, viewers slammed the show as they believed it encouraged panic buying. To introduce the issue to viewers, host Sally Nugent stated certain supermarkets are introducing restrictions on some fruit and vegetables that customers can buy. Supermarkets have told customers the shortages are set to last a few weeks due to the harsh weather issues where retailers source their produce. Presenter Jon Kay commented: “We're urged not to panic buy. “But, in the meantime shoppers might face some limits on the number of cucumbers peppers and tomatoes they can take home.”  READ MORE:EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue   Cutting to a segment from Business Correspondent Marc Ashdown, viewers saw footage of empty shelves in supermarkets with an alarming lack of fresh fruit and vegetables. He explained the shortages are down to the harsh weather European countries have faced where they source the supply, which has resulted in a delay. In Asda, shoppers have a limit of three when buying items such as peppers, lettuce, cauliflower, raspberries, peppers and tomatoes. Whereas Morrisons has a limit of two items in place for similar produce.   So far, these are the only two retailers who have opted to put a restriction rule in place which is said to last a couple of weeks. However, after hearing about the shortage segment, many slammed the show for the coverage as viewers claimed it encouraged panic buying and was scaremongering. Jonthemon6 commented: “First it was fuel, then eggs, now this. Plenty of fruit and veg about, it’s just scaremongering headlines. Helps raise the prices I suppose.” Theacefacemod added: “Plenty in the shops yesterday. More MSM generated panic buying.” DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford fumes over 'dangerous' Roald Dahl changes [VIDEO] Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILER] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [SOAP]    PeterGr19501755 tweeted: “The propaganda machine at BBC making sure that there’s a panic!” SteveFurniss01 said: “How to cause another panic with obsessive news coverage." K878765257 swiped: “The media SPLASHING this around is encouraging the STUPID to panic buy. Leading to food waste, leaving us who actually consume these items daily without any food.” With Twitter user C00k13Pu55 adding: “Let the panic buying begin. Cheers #BBCBreakfast.”    Marc informed viewers: “When there were food and fuel supply issues last year, the government’s own office for budget responsibility said Brexit had made things worse than in other countries. “This time, some retail analysts say the problems are down to high energy costs and extreme hot and cold weather affecting crops across Europe. “Supermarkets say the imminent start of the UK growing season will help them maintain supplies in Spring.” Elsewhere in the show, Ben Bland said shoppers should only buy what they need and not stock up as it’ll make the shortages worse and will go off before people are able to use it. BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One from 6am.  