Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes has surprisingly claimed the 2-1 defeat to Brighton on the opening day of the season was a tougher loss than their 4-0 battering at the hands of Brentford. The Red Devils have been resurgent ever since those two games. And they’re now just one win away from a trophy, with Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final up next on Sunday (4.30pm). Manchester United had gone into the season hoping for a successful campaign, particularly after the chaos of last term under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Yet they were then dealt a huge reality check, shipping six goals in their opening two league games against Brighton and Brentford. United lost 2-1 to the former, before then being played off the park in a 4-0 loss at the Gtech Community Stadium. And Fernandes, speaking to Sky Sports, has now surprisingly claimed the defeat to Brighton was tougher to take - insisting it’s the result that ‘hurts the most’. “In the first game against Brighton, we had the first chances to score,” said the midfielder. “We didn't score. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “Brighton goes there one time and they had the goal and you could feel the ghosts from the past. “You know, like we are playing well, but all of a sudden we concede the goal from nothing. “That first game was really tough to have. I think more than Brentford, because Brentford, we know we did some mistakes individual ones, some group ones, other ones. “You know, the, the intention, the intensity was not there. The desire, the passion, they had all that more than us. “But the Brighton game for me was the one that hurts the most. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “Like you had that feeling that you're playing good, you are in the good moment and all of a sudden, you concede a goal. “But I've seen this, I've seen this many times. I think the turnaround of our season is the Liverpool game. “The atmosphere was buzzing. I think the first tackle of Licha [Lisandro Martinez] makes straight the fans go up and you could feel straight away there that everyone understood it has to be our moment. “That it has to be our turnaround, to be the game that we win and make things change.” Fernandes is likely to start for United when they lock horns with Newcastle on Sunday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And the 28-year-old was keen to play down expectations at Old Trafford, adding: “The process is still on and we have to understand that it's still a long way for us because we want to achieve much bigger things and obviously the manager demands that from us. “I have been talking with him sometimes and he's always saying that he has the same desire as me. “He is not happy with being behind anyone. So that's a good thing. “He brought that culture that we can't be happy to be behind anyone and whenever we are in front, we can't be happy to be with a smaller gap. “I think that's a great thing to have because we can't be satisfied playing for Man United and not winning trophies and not being in the position of winning trophies.” He then added: “But as I said it is a process. “It's six or seven months now and things are going pretty quickly - I think from outside probably more because people never thought that United will be in this position at this time because all the changes, because the new manager, because the results in the beginning. “But obviously it's up to us, up to our qualities, up to what we have been doing really well and so is is about us now to carry on because it's easy to forget the good results we have done whenever you lose a game. “So it's us about us to carry on in doing our best because we don't want people to forget how good we are.” FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.