The all-time NBA leading points scorer LeBron James has been asking the Los Angeles Lakers to delve into the trade market for a number of months, and their recent business may finally fit his standards. The Lakers beat the Golden State Warriors 124-111 on Thursday night, and neither James or Anthony Davis topped their scoring charts. Following an emphatic All-Star weekend, the Lakers were on fire as NBA action returned, with newly acquired Malik Beasley stealing the show. It's been a busy trade window for the Lakers, with Russell Westbrook finally departing, and six new faces being brought into the locker room. One of those was Beasley, who recorded his second 20-point game in four starts for the Lakers after joining on February 9. Beasley scored 25 points on Thursday night, and there were eight different players on the Lakers that reached double figures against the Warriors. There's a fresh sense of optimism within the camp, and Davis thinks they may have the "complete team" following the deadline. "We’re still figuring things out on the fly," said Davis after the Lakers beat the Warriors. "The past two games we’ve really looked good as a whole. I think we’ve got a complete team where we’re able to make a run." Davis scored 12 points on Thursday while James netted 13, but with the rest of their roster stepping up there's belief that they could make a serious play-off push. Beasley was of course extremely happy with his haul, and thinks they made a statement by proving that they don't need to rely on just James and Davis. "LeBron and AD didn’t get going as much as they wanted tonight, but we’re deep, and I think that’s the statement we want to make," Beasley said. "It can be any player on any given night." The thoughts of the players were echoed by head coach Darvin Ham, who said: "Just overall great team win. Everybody contributed, everybody had different moments and guys stayed aggressive. "I feel great about what we’ve been able to do (since the trade deadline). It’s paying dividends right now and we’ve just got to continue to get more and more familiar with one another." Austin Reaves even came off the bench to score 17 points, with 13 of them coming in the third quarter alone. This may finally be the roster the Lakers were looking for, but anything can happen in the NBA.