Tottenham hero Rafael van der Vaart has urged his former club to sign ‘unhappy’ Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech in the summer. The Dutchman feels Antonio Conte is missing an attack-minded midfielder who can supply Son Heung-min and Harry Kane. Ziyech came close to leaving Chelsea in the summer but a move to Paris Saint-Germain fell through at the last moment. The Blues allegedly sent the wrong paperwork to the French club three times while the Ligue 1 champions scrambled to complete the move. The Moroccan World Cup star has since remained at Stamford Bridge. He has started just five Premier League games this season, although three of those have come in his last four matches. Van der Vaart hopes that Ziyech’s next move is to Spurs, where he can shine in the No 10 position behind Son and Kane. “There's a few missing links for me, I think. I've always said they're missing a classic number 10,” the former Spurs midfielder told Ladbrokes: Fanzone. JUST IN: Tottenham have salt rubbed in wounds as Harry Winks starts to shine “The midfield, with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Rodrigo Bentancur - when he is fit - is solid - but they're missing a player who can pick up the ball between the lines, make space, turn, run at defenders and get the ball to Sonny [Heung-min Son] and Harry Kane. “Harry has to play that role himself - dropping deep to get the ball, feed it out, then try to get into the box to get onto the end of things. It's too much for him, he's a striker, he has to stay on the shoulder of defenders and score goals... that's his game. “They're missing something in that number 10 area, and I think the answer is Hakim Ziyech. He's not happy at Chelsea, and I'm a big fan of his. If Tottenham were to bring him in, their problems are solved. I really don't think they need much more.” DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'to return to sign Bounou in June' after January interestO'Hara urges Antonio Conte to quit Tottenham now ahead of AC Milan tieSpurs' last UCL clash with AC Milan - from headbutts to horror tackles Spurs had a relatively quiet January transfer window, despite Conte calling for several new additions to be made. They signed wing-back Pedro Porro and winger Arnaut Danjuma on loan with obligations to buy their pair in the future. Saturday’s 4-1 thumping at Leicester might have proved they needed more signings. Porro was poor on his debut and found himself replaced midway through the second half. Should Spurs sign Ziyech in the summer, the 29-year-old will not come at a small cost. The former Ajax ace will still have two years remaining on his Chelsea contract come June.