If you fancy giving something new a try then there's a very enticing best Sky deal that's offering exactly that. The premium telly firm has just launched a brand new incentive that allows customers to take delivery of its new Sky Stream box and give it a go for a month without paying a penny. If you don't like it you simply tell Sky it's not for you and switch it off... no questions asked. Even if you do want to keep using Stream for a little longer there's also the option to subscribe on a month-by-month basis so you don't have to commit to the usual long-term 18-month contract. To make things even more attractive, this free deal includes a number of premium channels including Sky Atlantic, Sky Documentaries and Sky Nature plus full access to Netflix as well. Want to know more about this box? Read our Sky Stream review. The only thing to be aware of is that Sky Stream doesn't connect to an aerial or satellite dish with the box using a new method to beam content to the big screen. Once you've signed on the dotted line, Sky then sends the device out in the post. All you have to do is connect it to your Wi-Fi with everything instantly streamed to your telly. Unlike Sky Q, there's also no hard disk tucked inside with owners using cloud recordings and catch-up services instead. It's clearly a change to the usual method of watching films, live TV and on-demand boxsets but it does mean there's no annoying installation or engineers drilling holes through your walls. Sound enticing? We've got full details below. DEAL: Free Sky Stream for one monthPRICE: Then £29 per monthCONTRACT: Rolling deal, cancel at any time • No set up feeINCLUDES: Sky Stream box plus Netflix and channels such as Sky Atlantic, Sky Documentaries, Sky Nature, Comedy Central, Eurosport, Discovery and more.SEE THE DEAL HERE This free deal isn't the only offer from Sky. The firm is also dishing out deals that are perfect for sports and movie fans. For example, there's the Stream box with Sky Cinema and Netflix with customers paying just £11 for the first month. This price then rises to £37 for the rest of the 18-month contract. Want to watch all of the Premier League action? There's also a deal which includes every Sky Sports channel plus that Netflix access as well. This costs £20 for the first month, then £46 for the rest of the term. SKY SPORTS DEAL: Get a Sky Sports bundle for £20PRICE: Then £46 per monthCONTRACT: 18-month deal • No set up feeINCLUDES: Sky Stream box with access to Sports plus Netflix and channels such as Sky Atlantic, Sky Documentaries, Sky Nature, Comedy Central, Eurosport, Discovery and more.SEE THE DEAL HERE SKY CINEMA DEAL: Get a Sky Cinema bundle for £11PRICE: Then £37 per monthCONTRACT: 18-month deal • No set up feeINCLUDES: Sky Stream box with access to Cinema plus Netflix and channels such as Sky Atlantic, Sky Documentaries, Sky Nature, Comedy Central, Eurosport, Discovery and more.SEE THE DEAL HERE