Haas boss Guenther Steiner doesn't believe there is a benefit in Andretti becoming F1's 11th team and fears their application could result in other teams becoming financially unstable. It comes after Michael Andretti claimed that F1 teams were being 'greedy' in their opposition of the American motorsport name joining the franchise.  The FIA has opened up expressions of interest for new teams in a bid to grow the grid beyond its current ten teams, welcoming an entry from 2026. After the application process opened, Andretti announced a partnership with General Motors’ Cadillac. However, the team continues to face opposition, with some questioning Cadillac’s involvement. Haas are currently the only American F1 team on the F1 grid, but have their main base in the UK. They have now voiced opposition against Andretti launching an "all-American team" and claim their entry could jeopardise currently stable F1 teams. Haas team principal Guenther Steiner told Sky Sports F1: "What upside is it bringing? There is just risk, no benefit. Five years ago, you could get teams for nothing, you could pick it up. Nobody wanted them and they went out of business. READ MORE: Martin Brundle disagrees with Toto Wolff as Mercedes boss looks to block FIA plans    "Now, all of a sudden, everybody wants a team. But it's a lot of people that want to come in and the 10 teams which are here are all financially stable, all well set up. It's a very good environment at the moment, no one is struggling. "If you put an 11th team in and we get a little bit of a dip in the economy or something all of a sudden maybe people are maybe struggling to survive." This comes after the Andretti team owner defended his team's application and said that F1 teams against the expanded grid, which includes Mercedes boss Toto Wolff, were "looking after themselves”. DON'T MISS:  Andretti told Forbes: “It’s all about money. First, they think they are going to get diluted one-tenth of their prize money, but they also get very greedy thinking we will take all the American sponsors as well. “It’s all about greed and looking at themselves and not looking at what is best for the overall growth of the series.” Not all of the current F1 teams are against Andretti's plans with McLaren and French manufacturer Alpine both showing support for the American motorsport team to join the F1 paddock. 