Detective John Munch (played by Richard Belzer) remains one of the most beloved TV characters, having crossed over into more than 10 series on five different networks. This includes his long-running role on NBC drama Law and Order: Special Victims Unit alongside his partner, Odafin ‘Fin’ Tutuola (Ice-T), who has remained on the series to this day. Fin finally confirmed the whereabouts of detective Munch after his last appearance on SVU more than seven years ago. Munch originally debuted on Homicide: Life on the Street before the series was cancelled and Belzer signed on to the Law and Order franchise portraying the same character. He became a series regular and Fin’s partner once Ice-T became part of the main cast in season two, but has also appeared in The X Files, The Wire and even Arrested Development. Both Beltzer and his iconic character are now retired, though fans haven’t been told where he’s been hiding out all these years until now. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore During Thursday night’s episode, Dutch Tears, Fin finally confirmed Munch is probably still alive and has moved to Baltimore. Talking to new detective Terry Bruno (Kevin Kane), Fin shared: “See, I had a partner years ago, an old homicide detective. “He had the same exact defence mechanism… He retired. I guess he just ran out of gas. “Last I heard, he moved back to Baltimore. Met a divorced female rabbi. And he bought back his old cop bar.” “It’s 1:30 a.m. He’s probably cracking a joke to some barfly. That skinny b*****d had a punchline for every second of the day.” Fans immediately recognised Fin’s tale as a reference to Munch, partly because Baltimore is probably a tribute to Munch’s first stint on Homicide, which was set in the Maryland city. Although it’s unlikely Munch will be making another surprise appearance, viewers were thrilled to get an update on his story. @MissElizaPee tweeted: “So Munch shacked up with a rabbi?! Glad to hear him mentioned again.” DON'T MISS:Carnival Row stars confirm ‘storybook shut’ on season three [EXCLUSIVE]Power Book 2 trailer ‘seals’ Monet Tejada’s death [VIDEO]Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [TEASER] @BeeRayJones exclaimed: “He was talking about Munch right??” @StephanieLee08 said: “Was anyone else tickled to hear Munch met a divorced female rabbi? Made my night.” On Reddit, u/aux71 commented: “Munch mention!!!! And he bought back the bar!!!” Although u/prettyonbothsides lamented: “Wish Munch could've been there.” The cynical detective and conspiracy theorist sadly hasn’t been seen on TV since the 2016 episode of SVU, Fashionable Crimes. Belzer’s final appearance was as himself in the 2017 documentary Gilbert about the comedian Gilbert Gottfried, and he also cameoed in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt as a Munch-like character in 2015. The 78-year-old star officially retired from acting in 2016, though this hasn’t stopped fans from hoping he’ll eventually return for one last investigation with the SVU team. Law and Order: Special Victims Unit season 24 continues Thursdays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.