From cleaning windows to mirrors and removing condensation as well as cleaning tiles, window vacuums have proven to be extremely popular this year. But with so many brands on the market, all varying in price, it can be hard to know which one to go for. Over the past week or so, I’ve put Kärcher’s WV 6 Plus N model to the test, and I wasn’t disappointed. Cleaning a conservatory can be time-consuming, and it’s often a job which I leave until the summer, when the sun shines through. However, with this window vacuum, the job has never been easier. The WV 6 Plus N model is the brand’s most advanced window vac which effortlessly sucks up moisture leaving any surface sparkling clean and streak-free. I absolutely loved that this model came with a window concentrate to test out as well as a premium spray bottle with a microfibre wiping cloth, which was filthy by the time I had finished using it. I started by mixing the concentrate in the bottle with the correct amount of water before going ahead and spraying it on my conservatory glass and giving it a wipe over. READ MORE: Monty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now This feature made the job so much easier as I would often have to use a separate glass cleaner and a microfibre cloth which can be time-consuming. After the glass had been scrubbed enough, I went in with the window vacuum, which was so quiet to use as well as being extremely light to hold, making cleaning the glass effortless. Boasting an impressive 100 minute battery life on this model, the LED display on the front of the device shows exactly how long you have left to clean, which made me feel more relaxed compared to using any other window vacuum. What also stood out for me was how it came with two exchangeable suction heads, and I could be even more precise with the cleaning. DON'T MISS:Bed experts share seven signs you have bed bugs [EXPLAINER]Three mistakes to avoid making with your dehumidifier [COMMENT]‘Quick and easy’ method to achieve ‘streak-free’ windows [INSIGHT] Kärcher says the WV 6 Plus N can clean up to 300m² in a single charge, and I cleaned my whole house with still 70 minutes left on the run time. The description on Kärcher’s website adds: “The new silicone lip technology ensures increased durability and flexibility to ensure cleaning from the upper edge to the ground without interruption.” With other window vacuums I have used in the past, I always find there to be leftover residue on the glass, which I have to go over with a microfibre cloth, but I didn’t have any problems with this one, and I was thoroughly impressed. The website also says the device has a charge time of 170 minutes, although mine was a lot quicker. READ MORE: I tried Fabulosa’s 50p washing machine cleaner - here’s my thoughts I cleaned the outside and inside of my conservatory in just 20 minutes, and I think that was down to the spray bottle with the attached microfibre cloth. To put the vacuum to test even further, I also used it on my bedroom windows which often suffer from condensation when the weather is cold. Despite ventilating the area as much as possible, it does often build up overnight, so going in with a quick way to remove the water in the morning is essential. Before now, I have used another window vacuum whereby I had to use the device horizontally because the width of the squeegee was too large to fit down my windows. However, with the Kärcher one, I found using the smaller head worked brilliantly and sucked the condensation right into the tank which is located at the bottom of the device. I was also impressed how every drop of water was sucked up, and there was no residue left on the windows whatsoever, and the job was done in less than two minutes. The water tank can hold up to 150ml of dirty water, and it’s great that you can actually see the tank so you know when it is time to empty. I was so shocked to see the water which was building up inside was black, proving I need to clean my windows more often than I do and I definitely will be with this vacuum as the job was actually fun. You can also use this device on all smooth surfaces such as mirrors, tiles, tables as well as shower screens. Retailing for £119.99, Kârcher is currently offering free delivery on all orders over £50 as well as an extra year guarantee on Home and Garden machines when you buy direct. The brand also has a variety of other window vacuums available, including the WV 1 which is currently retailing for just £44.99. The WV 2 Plus, which comes with a spray bottle and microfibre cloth, is currently on sale for £52.99, down from £79.99. However, I think the WV 6 Plus N is well worth the £119.99 if you’re in the market for a window vacuum as it made the job so much easier and the minute-by-minute display made cleaning so much more relaxed.