Currently the state pension age in the UK is 66 but this is set to rise in the coming years. Consequently, millions of older Britons will be left waiting longer for certain freebie benefits which are linked to state pension age. Under the Government’s current plans, the state pension age will rise from 66 to 67 in between 2026 and 2028. As well as this, another increase to the pension age is expected to take place sometime before 2048. Changes to the state pension are based on the life expectancy expectations among the UK population. However, these estimates are subject to changes in the wider world so further hikes to the pension age could see be postponed. READ MORE: Full list of energy providers offering up to £250 free credit to millions of households  Alternative concessions are available to those depending on other criteria, such as whether someone claims benefits or has a disability. Those living in Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales become eligible for the free bus pass once they turn 60. As well as this, older residents in London could get a Freedom Pass which qualifies them for free bus travel. This means that any changes to the state pension age will not affect their claim to the freebie benefit. READ MORE: Dave Ramsey shares how 'heartbroken' pensioner can get by in retirement after losing home For those concerned about the pending state pension age changes, experts are encouraging people to see what other ways they can get discounts on their travel costs. Age UK outlines guidance for older people who are searching for ways to save money on their bus fare. On its website, the charity explained: “It can also be worth contacting individual transport operators to see if they offer discounts. “For example, National Express offers Coachcards to older or disabled customers, which cost £12.50 and save you a third on your travel across the year.” Pensioners are entitled to various other freebie benefits and concessions to help them get by financially. Outside the free bus pass, this includes a free TV licence for Pension Credit claimants 75 or over, Winter Fuel Payments and free prescriptions. For many, reaching state pension age not only signals a departure from the workforce, but also entitlement to support. Certain benefits like Pension Credit and Attendance Allowance are only made available to those over state pension age. Pension Credit tops up an individuals weekly income to £182.60 and people claiming Attendance Allowance could receive either £61.85 or £92.40 every week. For more information about these benefits, Britons can visit the Government website.