Gary Glitter’s Dorset neighbours have expressed concern about living next door to “enemy number one”, after the pop singer and convicted sex offender was released from HMP Verne in the early hours of Friday morning. Glitter’s licence are strict, preventing him from going anywhere near schools, playgrounds of swimming pools.  However, Dad-of-three Jonathan Wilson is not best pleased with living in such close proximity to the paedophile. Speaking to Dorset Live he said: "Our children play in the woods which back onto their property, and we had to tell our kids like, don’t talk to them, don’t go near anyone there. "Personally, I don’t like those sort of people full stop, the fact they’re slap bang in the middle of where we live. Talk about taking the p*** out of society. This is enemy number one, and they’ve released them into the community." He went on: "People don’t want him around, certainly not in the middle of where people live." "You’d think these people would be moved in the middle of a field, not where kids are." Angry locals attended the location Glitter was brought to, after his whereabouts were shared on social media. Vigilantes and protesters stormed the grounds of the hostel Glitter is being housed in. The Sun revealed the disgraced former pop star, whose real name is Paul Gadd, was “having his meals delivered to his private room” in the bail hostel. READ MORE: Vigilantes scale fence of Gary Glitter's new home as he celebrates prison release with fish and chips      A Ministry of Justice spokesman said: "Sex offenders like Paul Gadd are closely monitored by the police and Probation Service and face some of the strictest licence conditions including being fitted with a GPS tag. If the offender breaches these conditions at any point, they can go back behind bars. "We’ve already introduced tougher sentences for the worst offenders and ended the automatic halfway release for serious crimes." As well as a GPS tag, Glitter has to abide by a nightly curfew, cannot work without approval, cannot travel outside of the UK nor can he have contact with the media. DON'T MISS: Headteacher 'made distressed call to sister' before husband shot her deadFirst images released of suspected Chinese spy balloon being recovered from the oceanMoment David Carrick was arrested as court told 'self-pitying' PC tried to kill himself Mr Gadd is also barred from living with anyone under the age of 18. Outraged residents living close to Glitter’s hostel told Express.co.uk that they fear their children are being used as “bait” during the school run. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Sharlene Reynolds said: “It's disgusting. It’s right near schools, and families are living all around it. “They are allowed out in public unsupervised, which is sickening especially as during school start and finishing times – it’s a paedo's dream come true.“I thought everyone knew about it, but obviously not. I'm glad he's raised awareness and hopefully, the place gets burnt down soon!"