High blood sugar levels characteristic for type 2 diabetes can boost your risk of serious health complications, ranging from blindness to kidney disease. Fortunately, you can modify your risk of this blood sugar condition. What’s more, Dr Michael Mosley suggested that enjoying a certain type of wine in moderation could do the trick. Whether you’re a gin and tonic fan or prefer an ice-cold pint of beer, alcohol is generally “pretty bad” for you, according to Dr Michael Mosley. However, there’s an exception to every rule, including the popular yet harmful beverage. One alcoholic drink actually offers some “compelling health benefits” that are not short of a lower risk of type 2 diabetes. Red wine, which also happens to be the doctor’s “favourite” tipple, seems to escape the harmful effects when drunk in moderation. READ MORE: Not the 'classic TV heart attack': Woman, 43, shares lesser-known signs of the emergency Don’t just take the doctor’s word for it, as research from Spain also highlighted the drink’s potent effects. The research team noticed that drinking red wine can improve your body's response to insulin. Speaking on his podcast Just One Thing, Dr Mosley said: “[This means] you can clear sugar from your blood more quickly. “And it's not just what you drink, but when you drink it.”  Other studies noticed that pairing your red wine with a meal is much more effective. A recent longitudinal study even found that this meal and wine combination can stave off type 2 diabetes. Looking at 312,000 people for an average of 11 years, the research team noticed that having wine with a meal was associated with a 14 percent lower risk of the blood sugar condition. “But it was only protective if you drank with the meal and in moderation,” Dr Mosley added. READ MORE: Popular medication taken by over a million people could increase dementia risk by 79% Apart from cutting your risk of type 2 diabetes, the red alcoholic beverage could also aid your blood sugar control. Another research, which included 224 teetotal diabetics, noticed that a medium-sized glass of red wine paired with dinner resulted in “better blood sugar control”. The reason why red wine seems to be so potent comes down to its main ingredient - grapes. The skin of these fruits packs defence chemicals called polyphenols, which have been associated with various health benefits, ranging from lower blood pressure to lower cholesterol. Now, if you don’t drink alcohol at all, then the doctor doesn’t “suggest” you start now. But if you already enjoy the occasional tipple, it might be time to swap your go-to for a glass of red. The doctor added: “Choose red wine - a glass, or two - a few days a week. Doing so could benefit your gut microbiome and your heart.” Remember, the NHS advises not to drink more than 14 units of alcohol per week. 