Aries Social and romantic events give you something to be happy about and to look forward to. Just be sure to keep both feet on the ground. You will get plenty of notice about a celebration that is being arranged and this will prevent you from making a financial misstep. Taurus Someone close just wants to have some fun. They are hoping you will join them in taking a break from responsibility. You have too much to do and if they can’t wait until you are ready, they will have to do without your company. Gemini A friend or neighbour will call on you to help them out with a bothersome task. You won’t be interested and you will have little, if any, inclination to become involved in this. Give a few practical suggestions then leave them to it. Be tactful if someone tends to over-dramatise a minor ailment or problem. Cancer Having responsibilities and obligations to others does not mean you have to forgo pleasure altogether. Even if it is simply reading a few pages of a novel, do something for at least ten minutes that is just for you. If you feel you have lost control of your life, you can take it back, bit by bit. Leo You’ve had quite an eventful year so far and now you can look forward to a time when more relaxation will be evident. Your thoughts are on the future when the present seems to be taking care of itself. Hopes and dreams on your distant horizon are the ones uppermost in your thoughts. Virgo You might spend more money than you had planned, especially if you are responsible for hosting a social gathering. You naturally want to make a good impression if you are entertaining important guests. Serving them delicious food and drink will keep their spirits bright.  Libra Refuse to be rushed into decisions if you are shopping for expensive items. Accepting the first item or price you encounter could lead to later regrets. If anyone grumbles about the time you are taking to make up your mind, ignore them. Avoid extravagant impulses. Scorpio Depending on where you stand in your responsibilities, when it comes to a work dispute, this may or may not be a one that you will want to get involved in. You might prefer to see what happens over the next few days to see if the optimism some people feel bears any fruit. Sagittarius A tense family situation you have been trying to avoid recently for fear of rocking the boat needs to be addressed. You can now discuss this in a way that everyone involved will feel as if they can speak openly and honestly.   Capricorn Expect to want extra pleasure and relaxation this evening, as opposed to the desire to get things done during the day. There should be a pleasant balance to the day and you can avoid upsetting this by not forcing yourself to do things that don’t appeal. Aquarius Contention with a neighbour will be resolved and a compromise will be reached. Even so, you won’t feel comfortable until you can shut the door on the world to simply enjoy the comfort of your own home. A youngster in the family will do well in a creative contest. Pisces A journey planned for today will need to be rearranged due to circumstances outside your control. Do your best not to allow this to get under your skin. There’s a huge amount of support in your family for the ideas you have for a future get-together.   