Chris Hughes who shot to fame on the 2017 series of Love Island has shared his recent health woes after he was forced to go to the hospital. Taking to Instagram today, the broadcaster stunned fans as he shared a photo wearing a woollen hat while on a drip. Chris, 30, finished third after coupling up with ex Olivia Attwood, with the pair splitting six months later. He candidly told fans he had suffered "the worst night" of his life and branded his life "pathetic," as he opened up on the reason for his treatment. In an emotional Instagram Story, Chris explained he became "chronically dehydrated" over the weekend. He began: "So basically all my antics on Saturday have caused this. READ MORE: Birds of a Feather's Lesley Joseph on Pauline Quirke not being on TV "When I was posting about running 4k I was not truly hungover Sunday and Monday, but I was chronically dehydrated and have alcohol hepatitis. "Not cool, not cool at all. "Essentially my liver is damaged and couldn't consume the alcohol consumptions and the bloods have also shown that." Alcoholic hepatitis, which is unrelated to infectious hepatitis, is a potentially serious condition that can be caused by alcohol misuse over a longer time period, according to the NHS. Hepatitis is an umbrella term describing inflammation of the liver. It can be the result of heavy drinking or a viral infection. In a second hospital snap, showing him looking sleepy and propped up against a wall, he added: "Our NHS are insanely good, as we know. "They have been thorough and over-the-top friendly to me which is the perfect combo. DON'T MISS... Ozzy Osbourne admits touring days are over in honest admission[LATEST]Birds of a Feather's Lesley Joseph on Pauline Quirke not being on TV[EXCLUSIVE]Amanda Holden strips down to lingerie in ageless Valentine's Day shoot[PICTURES] "I haven't managed to consume water that's why I am on this drip, a sip of water makes me feel sick. "I am ruined. I have learned my lesson." He continued: "My issue though, is quite clear. "I went for a run on Sunday and I went to a class Monday and did a 45-minute circuit, burnt 550 calories, then went to the sauna to sweat again for 45 minutes thinking I'm getting the alcohol out but in fact I am just torturing my body." Following his exit from the villa, Chris, who is a keen horserider, works as a sports presenter. After the show, Chris starred in a spin-off show called Straight Out of Love Island, with his best friend Kem Cetinay. The pair also topped the iTunes chart with their single a Little Bit Leave It. Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 at 9pm.