Manchester United icon Roy Keane surprised Erik ten Hag after the Red Devils reached the Carabao Cup final, by asking the Dutchman if he had a pair of complimentary tickets that he could give to the Sky Sports pundit. Goals from Anthony Martial and Fred secured a second leg 2-0 victory over Nottingham Forest on Wednesday evening. As Ten Hag was being interviewed after the game, Keane was asked if he had any questions for the United boss and asked: "Do you have any spare tickets for the final? You'll let me know, two?" The Dutchman joked with Keane and replied: "Yes I can, I think so Roy no problem!" Before Sky host Ed Chamberlain was forced to apologise to Ten Hag on behalf of the Sky pundit for his request. Chamberlain then pointed out that Keane might be working as a pundit for the game, to which the Irishman responded: "Is this called working?" as the pair laughed alongside colleague Michael Dawson before the host later confirmed that Keane indeed would be working at Wembley for the final. Keane has been impressed with Ten Hag since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford. "It’s been a great few months for the club and for the manager, considering the start of the season they had," Keane added. "A lot of changes in pre-season, and he’ll be delighted to get to his first final - hopefully one of many. They were comfortable over two legs, Forest really disappointed with quality and probably belief, but United dominated from start to finish. 2-0, very comfortable, especially when they were off the pace in the second half. A couple of substitutions come on and made all the difference."   Bruno Fernandes has been one of the most impressive United players since the World Cup break and was the star of the game, Keane highlighted his importance to the team. "I think Bruno’s always shown his quality, that’s always there to see," Keane said. "We’ve seen it over the two legs, obviously his goal in the first one and he’s got brilliant touches - the guy’s got unbelievable talent. I’ve been quite critical of maybe more of his defensive side, but in terms of going forward he knows the weight of pass, he sees the pass, he’s a goal threat, and he’s got unbelievable talent. "You give him time and space, you are asking for trouble. You’ve got to get close to him. That [versatility] is what the good players give you. If he does play off the right he is not a wide right player because he’s not got the pace, but he will come in and play in pockets, because what he does have like all brilliant players is football intelligence. Knows where the space is and if you do get it to him he will hurt you if you drop off. He is a huge player for United." 