Transgender rapist Isla Bryson has been jailed for eight years after being found guilty of raping two women while still a man. During the hearing at the High Court in Edinburgh, the judge said Bryson posed a high risk of reoffending and would be supervised for three years after release. Last month, the 31-year-old was convicted of raping two women: one in Clydebank in 2016; and one in Drumchapel, Glasgow, in 2019; and committed the offences before transitioning and still known as Adam Graham. The court heard Bryson met both the victims online, with prosecutors saying Bryson "preyed" on vulnerable women. The case sparked widespread fury after Bryson was first housed in an all-female prison before the double rapist was then moved to an all-male establishment. It placed huge pressure on the shoulders of Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and saw her Justice Secretary Keith Brown order an urgent review. The Scottish Prison Service then decided to stop the movement of all transgender prisoners with a history of violence against women into the female estate. In 2019, Bryson had first appeared in court when known as Adam Graham before later named in court papers the following year - around the time of the decision to transition - as Isla Annie Bryson, formerly known as Adam Graham. During that trial, the High Court in Glasgow was told Bryson was experiencing a breakdown as a result of a brief, unhappy marriage and in 2016 went to stay with the first victim at her mother's house in Clydebank. The 30-year-old gave evidence in a pre-recorded video and said she was raped for half-an-hour. She said: "All I said was 'no' over and over and over again. At the time I was so scared. Sick to the stomach. I just didn't know what was going on." READ MORE: The worst performing GP surgeries in England uncovered The second victim gave evidence to the trial via live video-link and said Bryson continued to have sex with her after she said stop. She told the court: "I said to stop but he (Bryson) just kept on going, and that's when I just closed my eyes and I am doing what he wanted to do." Bryson gave evidence during the trial and claimed both of the women consented to having sex. The court heard Bryson is currently taking hormones and seeking surgery to complete gender reassignment. DON'T MISSMet Office issues warning as 'disruptive snow' set to batter UK [LATEST]Sunak tears up 1,700 pages of EU laws after we've 'taken back control' [REPORT]There are 4 winners from new Brexit deal... and Boris isn't one [OPINION] It is believed to be the first time a trans woman has been convicted of raping women in Scotland. Between October and December 2022, there were 12 trans women and three trans men, according to the most recent figures from the Scottish Prison Service. In addition, there were 7,019 male prisoners and 265 female inmates in that period. Ms Sturgeon's Government has insisted the Isla Bryson is not linked to the hotly-debated Gender Recognition Reform Bill, which is still to be enacted and was blocked by Westminster from becoming EU law.