Liverpool were on the end of a damaging 5-2 defeat in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie against Real Madrid. The Reds were dreaming when they went into an early 2-0 lead but a brace apiece from Vinicius Junior and Karim Benzema, and a header from Eder Militao, secured a memorable comeback for the defending champions. Express Sport looks at five things we learned from the game at Anfield. Liverpool have four players who Jurgen Klopp needs to consider replacing. Joe Gomez had a night to forget and a reliable partner for Virgil van Dijk is needed. Meanwhile, the Reds midfield was not up to the standard required for a Champions League knockout game. Fabinho and Jordan Henderson have had poor respective seasons and despite improving of late, they were far from good enough on Tuesday. Stefan Bajcetic is certainly an exciting player for the future. But throwing an 18-year-old in against a team of Real's calibre is brave and was perhaps the wrong one from Klopp. READ MORE: Pep Guardiola rejects Thierry Henry's Erling Haaland comments Liverpool fans and players will be sick of the sight of Vinicius Junior. The winger has now scored five goals against the Reds in just four appearances. He scored the only goal in the final last year and he netted a brace this evening. His pace is electric and his composure in front of goal is seemingly improving with every passing match, while Benzema continues to get better with age. Vinicus' record in knockout Champions League matches puts his Brazilian compatriot Neymar to shame. Neymar is still to score a knockout goal for Paris Saint-Germain but Vinicius has six for Real at just the age of 22. Thibaut Courtois and Alisson are two of the best goalkeepers in world football who have performed on the biggest of occasions. But they are not immune to making huge mistakes. Courtois was the player of the match in last year's final. What Liverpool would have given for him to make a similar mistake in Paris as he did at Anfield. The Belgian failed to clear properly and Mohamed Salah, after closing him down, had the easiest of chances to double Liverpool's lead. But Alisson was guilty of a similar error 20 minutes later. His attempted pass to Gomez was blocked by Vinicius Junior. The ball looped off his Brazil team-mate and landed in the goal in front of the Kop. Van Dijk may be fit again but defensive weaknesses are still clearly there in the Liverpool back line. The Reds kept back-to-back clean sheets against Everton and Newcastle but made it far too easy for Real. Carlo Ancelotti's side are not a team you want to gift goals to. Vinicius Junior's first goal was a fine strike and perhaps unavoidable. But his second was a huge error from Alisson. Gomez then gave away a needless free kick just after half-time and no one tracked Eder Militao who headed in to put the visitors in the lead for the first time. Liverpool started the match like a train. But they cannot afford to defend as they did on an occasion such as this against an opposition like Real. UEFA may have now absolved Liverpool fans from any blame for the chaos at last season's Champions League final. But Reds supporters have certainly not forgotten or forgiven the governing body of European football. UEFA conducted their own report and admitted they were to blame for the security failures at the Parc des Princes in Paris. But that is not enough for many Liverpool fans. Home supporters at Anfield certainly made their feelings clear on Tuesday. They booed throughout the Champions League anthem, sang 'f*** UEFA' and held banners showing their anger towards the organisation. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here