Overlooking Pembroke Dock, the Old Defensible Barracks is a grade II listed fortification located in Pembrokeshire, Wales. The site, which is of national importance has been listed by agents at Strutt and Parker, Ludlow, giving buyers a rare opportunity to snap up the Victorian-era barracks. Here's a look inside the enormous stone fort surrounded building. The detached property has been advertised on Rightmove for offers over £500,000 with a freehold tenure. Located less than one mile from Pembroke Dock station, the enormous site offers potential buyers a "rare opportunity" to develop and restore the historic fortification. Originally built to house the Royal Marines defending the dockyard, the barracks have since been abandoned and reached a sorry state. The Pembrokeshire site boasts a parade ground which occupies the centre and is enclosed by a 20-sided stone fort. Inside, blocks of old barrack rooms, mess areas, magazines and gun sheds still stand. READ MORE: Four ‘top kitchen updates’ to ‘hasten’ house sales - and what to avoid The barracks date back more than two centuries, having been built between 1841 and 1846 to house the dockyard’s garrison of Royal Marines and to cover the landward side of the dockyard from an infantry assault. Recognised as an iconic structure, the Welsh landmark is renowned for being one of the last "trace bastion" style forts built in Europe. True to its Renaissance style, the opening of the fort is housed by a gatehouse on the north side of the structure. This entrance is complete with holes for muskets and winches for the former sliding drawbridge. According to Rightmove, the courtyard and parade ground are also filled with elevations of fine Georgian-style features. These include a square with pedimented centrepieces on three sides and "attractive" 12-pane sash windows throughout the "flush surroundings". DON'T MISS...5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [EXPERT]5 ‘must-have’ low maintenance plants for ‘colourful’ winter gardens [COMEMNT]Three ‘natural home remedies’ to ‘effectively’ get rid of bed bugs [TIPS] While the site offers strong potential for restoration after being left to crumble for several years, buyers will have to contend with several planning restrictions. As well as being a grade II listed building, the Defensible Barracks is of both historic and national importance and therefore has been given Scheduled Ancient Monument status. Rightmove stated that in 1986, the South Pembrokeshire District Council granted permission for the development of the property into hotel accommodation. Further enquiries on the matter should be made by the individual as to the current position of the local authority for other options that may be available. READ MORE: ‘Break down’ toilet limescale with 47p item for ‘spotless’ results The agents noted that "positive conversations" with the Welsh Government's historic environment service and the local authority have been had regarding the conversion of the site into residential properties. Though there is strong potential for stylistic townhouses to be built within the grounds, there is already one residential structure on site. The completed apartment, known as the Seymour Apartment, sits within the east wing of the property, and is subject to the balance of 125-year leasehold interest and occupied by tenants of the leaseholder. Despite its remote setting, the Old Defensible Barracks is well connected to local transport services.  These include ferry and rail services at Pembroke Dock, along with fast-road connections by way of the A40 and A477 that can take you all over Pembrokeshire, and further east to Carmarthen, or the A48 M4 link road. The M4 is the main artery in south Wales with Swansea and Cardiff being the nearest cities before Newport and then the Severn Bridge to Bristol and continuing to London. Additionally, the Cleddau bridge connects Pembroke Dock to Neyland to the north which gives access to the larger towns of Milford Haven, Narberth and Haverford West, and further into West Pembrokeshire to an idyllic landscape throughout the Dale Peninsula and St Brides Bay. Historically, the barracks itself have housed various well-regarded regiments such as Royal Marines and Pembrokeshire Artillery to the 24th Foot, along with a host of famous residents. Some of these include Gordon of Khartoum, who was later deployed to join the fighting in Crimea, and Arthur Lowe, who played Captain Mainwaring in Dad’s Army.