Jose Mourinho is one of the most successful football managers of the last 20 years, having taken charge of a whole host of top clubs around Europe. The Portuguese, who turned 60 in January, won the Premier League title with Chelsea on three occasions and lifted the Europa League trophy with Manchester United. He also tasted Champions League success with Porto and Inter Milan as well as guiding Real Madrid to the La Liga title. Mourinho has garnered plenty of attention wherever he has managed and has built an incredible net worth in the process. And Express Sport takes a look at the current Roma manager’s life away from the football pitch. According to The Mirror, Mourinho had a staggering net worth of £100million as recently as November 2021. He amassed his prodigious fortune thanks to the huge salaries he commanded during his days managing the likes of the Red Devils, the Blues and Spurs. The master tactician earnt a combined £97.6m from his three jobs in England, which equates to over £42,000 for every day he was employed. And he is said to have received £46.2m of pay outs from the Premier League trio after being sacked by all three of them. With a net worth so high, the former midfielder is thought to have a whole host of investments which have helped his wealth grow over the years. JUST IN: Richard Keys slams Premier League chiefs for failing John Motson Mourinho has been married to his wife Matilde Faria for 34 years, with the pair meeting in Setubal when they were teenagers, according to The Sun. The childhood sweethearts tied the knot in 1989 and are parents to daughter Matilde, who was born in 1996, and son Jose Mario Jr, who was born in 2000. Mourinho has previously insisted the “most important thing [in my life] is my family and being a good father.” And of his wife, he has said: “The secret in everything is love. If you are successful in any job, I believe it is because you are in love with that job. And if you have a successful family it is because people are in love with each other. Love is the basic.” DON'T MISSOdion Ighalo went from dodging bullets to rivalling Cristiano RonaldoPhil Jones claims Man Utd have a better player than Lionel MessiPotter faces Chelsea ultimatum as players 'angry' after Tottenham loss   Mourinho bought his mansion in one of London’s most upmarket areas Belgravia for £6.5m. The six-bedroom estate was thought to be worth some £25m in 2019, which means its value could have skyrocketed even more since then. His family were said to own £50m of property at the time, with five of those in Portugal. So those assets would have also increased in value after property prices rose following the Covid-19 pandemic. “My house will always be 200 metres from the [Chelsea] stadium and I want to keep listening to the sound of happiness and success,” Mourinho said last summer as he spoke about the Blues. According to the Daily Mail, Mourinho’s wife and children still live in their London home, even though he is currently managing in Italy. And the talented boss is said to be eyeing a return to Premier League management. 