Alexander Volkanovski believes he won his close encounter with Islam Makhachev earlier this morning. Opinions have been split amongst fans on who won the fight. According to MMA media scorecards provided by mmadecisions.com, 23 journalists scored the fight in favour of Makhachev while 6 went with Volkanovski. Although fans online struggled to separate them with some even branding the fight a ‘robbery’. Volkanovski outlanded Makhachev on the feet 164 to 95 but was beaten in the grappling exchanges, landing 0 takedowns to Makhachev’s 4 while also finding himself on his back for 7 minutes and 37 seconds of the fight. It was a tough one to call but the Aussie is confident he should have been given the nod. “Just watched the fight, I definitely think I won 2,3 and 5. Surprised I didn’t get my hand raised! Let’s do the rematch, anywhere, anytime!” he tweeted. Many fans were in agreement with Volkannovski and voiced their displeasure over the result online. "So Alexander Volkanovski somehow LOST to Islam Makhachev but he outstriked him and overall did better. Only thing Islam had was Takedowns & more control time.. But Petr Yan lost to Sean O'Malley when outstriked him AND had more control time.. THIS IS A ROBBERY," tweeted @LxckTV. "Robbery. 1 Knockdown and busier fighter (more total strikes and significant) I don’t consider Makhachev P4P…," wrote @MLCryptotrades. Meanwhile, ex-UFC star Nate Diaz added: "Yeah right Islam got his ass whooped." Not everyone was in agreement though. In fact, opinion was extremely divided. One fan (@Skip2MyJays) retorted: "Felt like a clear Islam Makhachev win, he was able to outstrike Volkanovski in majority of the rounds. Of course everyone is going to call robbery as per usual. Incredible fight, lived up to the billing. Zero stock dropped for Volk." Media member (@BenjaminCureTV) was in agreement: "It may upset fans, but Islam Makhachev won that fight. You may not like how he won, but he checked the boxes. Control, damage, etc. That being said, Alexander Volkanovski might be the ONLY man in the world who can hang with Islam. Volk will NOT be finished." Given the divisive nature of the result, both men are keen to run it back. “Why not? Let’s go. If (the UFC) want it, let’s go. I’m ready,” said Makhachev, while acknowledging Volkanovski as the toughest opponent faced so far. On Monday, Makhachev is expected to be given the No 1 spot in the UFC pound-for-pound rankings after toppling the previous P4P king.