Tottenham loanee Harry Winks has started to impress while playing for Sampdoria just as his parent club have suffered a severe injury crisis in midfield. Youngsters Oliver Skipp and Pape Matar Sarr are set to start in a makeshift central midfield in the crunch Champions League encounter against AC Milan at the San Siro with Yves Bissouma and Rodrigo Bentancur ruled out with long-term injuries and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg is suspended. Spurs have sometimes struggled in midfield at times this season with Harry Kane and Heung-min Son left isolated up front. Bentancur has frequently impressed when he has played, but the Uruguayan has struggled with injury issues all year and will not feature again this season after rupturing his ACL against Leicester at the weekend. He will join Bissouma on the sidelines after the Malian underwent surgery for a stress fracture on his ankle. The former Brighton man is set to miss the next two months of action leaving Hojbjerg, Skipp and Sarr as Antonio Conte’s sole options in the centre of the park for the forseeable. Winks has now added insult to injury after his performances for Sampdoria in the Serie A. The Englishman struggled with injury himself in the first half of the season but has now played in the last five matches, earning rave reviews from the local press. They have described him as his side's ‘washing machine’ with reference to the way he tidies up, with hopes high he can become a key man as they battle relegation from the division. He was particulary impressive in his team's 0-0 draw with second placed Inter Milan on Monday, and will no doubt be hoping to go from strength to strength in Italy. READ MORE: O'Hara urges Conte to quit Tottenham now ahead of AC Milan clash Meanwhile, Conte has stressed that Sarr and Skipp have his full faith as they gear up to start at the San Siro. There had been suggestions that Eric Dier could revive his days as a central midfielder/ However, these have been quashed by the Italian as he backs his young duo. "We didn't have the time to take into consideration this option,” he said when asked about playing Dier in midfield. “Rodrigo, he had an injury two days ago and for this reason to take the option, the time was so short that I didn't think of other solutions. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksEx-Arsenal star Flamini is now worth over 30 times more than RonaldoLiverpool and four other English clubs Neymar can join as PSG 'decide to sell' "The solution we have in our house with the two young players, Skippy and Pape Sarr. We are talking about two young players. "They are [available for] the first game in the Champions League. They are really young, 20 and 22 years-old, but we have to be good to help them overcome the emotion, but we trust them."