Ferrari have reportedly blocked Red Bull from receiving a range of benefits from 2026 after support from Mercedes, Alpine and Audi. The world champions had hoped to be considered as a new engine manufacturer when it starts using its own Red Bull Powertrains engines from 2026. This would allow the squad to receive a string of extras including extra funds and bonus development time over their main rivals. But they have been denied. It’s a blow to team boss Christian Horner who felt Red Bull should be considered a “newcomer” for 2026. Teams have questioned Red Bull's position as the team are an established frontrunner who had received help from Honda in recent years. However, it is understood Red Bull “had to give up” fighting for the terms after Ferrari asserted its “political weight”. Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport reports that Scuderia president John Elkann and CEO Benedetto Vigna have taken a personal interest in stopping Red Bull. But, the Prancing Horse couldn't do it alone with help also being received from Mercedes, Alpine and new manufacturer Audi. READ MORE: Helmut Marko still ‘angry’ about incident from 25 years ago The FIA reportedly accepted the objections which helped solve the situation ahead of the new season. Some will question why Red Bull won’t receive the extra support due to its new Ford link whereas Audi will benefit. However, the two entrants have completely different approaches which make Ford’s case less attractive. The American manufacturer would have been entitled to bonuses if they set up a team from scratch but they will only be a commercial partner for Red Bull through their collaboration. Disagreements over Red Bull's status had caused a behind-the-scenes crisis for F1 and FIA bosses. DON'T MISSSergio Perez sets Red Bull 2023 goal amid Max Verstappen rivalry  [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen makes key change for 2023 season as he eyes third title [ANALYSIS]Brundle thinks Horner said something 'odd' about his Red Bull drivers {COMMENT] Concerns over the team's status led to Ferrari deciding not to sign up for the 2026 regulations at the first or second deadlines. According to reports, their decision meant the Italian marque was banned from participating in an Engine Advisory committee meeting in December as punishment. Alpine, Mercedes and Audi had agreed to the terms by this stage but had also hinted at concerns. Alpine boss Laurent Rossi revealed there were some disagreements between teams over “legal” issues. He explained: “We had some points we wanted to discuss on the legal side, to make sure that we fully covered as much as possible, which we did. We just kept on discussing those points as far as we could. And at some point, when we reach a level in discussions where we think we’re all in a good position, we sign – or we’re going to sign. I think it’s imminent.”