Outer Banks season three has just arrived on Netflix and viewers have already started to binge their way through the 10 episodes. The final instalment is called Secret of the Gnomon and it saw the gang faced new challenges. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened at the end. In the final episode, the gang flew to the Orinoco Basin and John B (played by Chase Stokes) wanted to come up with a plan. He still didn't trust Ward Cameron (Charles Esten) after everything he had put them through, and rightly so. Meanwhile, JJ Maybank (Rudy Pankow) and Kie Carrera (Madison Bailey) landed in South America where they were reunited with the rest of the gang. Escaping new enemy Carlos Singh (Andy McQueen) and his men, Big John (Charles Halford) revealed he could not translate the Gnomon. READ MORE: Madelyn Cline shot to fame as Sarah Cameron in Outer Banks Thankfully, John B had the Denmark Tanny letter with a bonus translation key which helps. The gang was able to read the new clues which would lead them to El Dorado. Unfortunately, Ward had been working with Singh the whole time and had given away their location. Thankfully, they managed to make their escape, meanwhile, the rest of the Pogues located the archaeological site. An injured John B left a trail of blood for Singh to follow as he finally arrived at the cave. Once inside the dark cave, John B and Sarah Cameron (Madelyn Cline) found a hidden doorway which seemingly lead to El Dorado. As Singh tried to steal the gold from them, Big John threw a stick of dynamite in his direction. The gang escaped with the fold and it appeared Singh was killed in the explosion. DON'T MISS... Outer Banks season 3 welcomes three new cast members Outer Banks' Chase Stokes is reportedly dating a country pop singer Outer Banks' Madelyn Cline discusses working with ex Chase Stokes Unfortunately, Ward was still the enemy and he appeared with a gun, taking the gold for himself. Thankfully Sarah interjected but just as the gang thought they were safe, Singh's assistant Ryan (Lou Ferrigno Jr) showed up. He attempted to shoot Sarah but Ward jumped in front of Sarah, sacrificing himself and pushing Ryan off a cliff in the process. Sadly, Big John also died after bleeding out from his wounds from the shootout. He and Ward were buried alongside each other in the rainforest before the story skipped forward 18 months. The gang seemed to be moving on with their lives, taking their own paths, when a mysterious elderly man turned up. He had a new quest for them, showing a manuscript of the captain’s log of the pirate Blackbeard. When John B smirks, it seems this will be their next adventure.  Outer Banks season 3 is on Netflix now. The series has already been renewed for season 4.