Unforgotten has been away from the small screen for two years but the end to this crime drama drought is in sight. The ITV series will see the return of actor Sanjeev Bhaskar as DI Sunny Khan who is going to be joined by a new recruit. Here's all there is to know about the upcoming fifth season of Unforgotten. The series will see a new lead actress stepping into Nicola Walker's shoes after her unexpected exit last year.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Unforgotten. Unforgotten last aired its fourth season in February 2021 and will soon be back for another gripping series. ITV has yet to announce an official start date but Unforgotten season five is confirmed to begin in February 2023. Since half of the month is already over, the drama is going to make a comeback in the next couple of weeks. Of course, it's going to look very different in comparison to previous seasons thanks to DCI Cassie Stuart's (played by Nicola Walker) departure. READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star In the final episode of Unforgotten season four, Cassie was involved in a random car crash which proved to be fatal. DI Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) was devastated and was last seen laying flowers by his friend and colleague's grave. The show must go on though, with ITV quickly renewing Unforgotten for a fifth season, despite the shocking exit. Sunny will have a new detective by his side in the new episodes who comes in the shape of DCI Jess James (Sinéad Keenan). Viewers will probably recognise actress Keenan for starring in shows such as Deep Water, Little Boy Blue and Three Families. When she joins, Jess' first case will be the discovery of human remains in a newly renovated period property in Hammersmith, so she is getting chucked in at the deep end. Even without the gruesome investigation to tackle, it's not going to be an easy start for the new detective. Not only is she going to have to try and live up to her predecessor Cassie but she has her own personal problems to deal with. DON'T MISS...Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB [VIDEO]Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series  [FILMING]Happy Valley star slapped in supermarket by stranger over role [CAST] Teasing what's to come, ITV's synopsis for Unforgotten season five reads: "The clock [is] ticking down to DCI James's first day in her new job with an unforeseen and devastating introduction to her family life. "Determined to make a good first impression with her new colleagues, will Jess be in the right frame of mind to deliver and inspire the team? "And inevitably how will the ghost of much-loved former colleague Cassie Stuart haunt her? "After all, Cassie will be big shoes for her to fill. Does she have the resolve, professionalism and spirit to live up to her much-admired and respected predecessor?" Paying tribute to Walker's time in Unforgotten, ITV released a statement. It read: "We would like to thank Nicola Walker for playing the brilliant role of Cassie Stuart in four series of Unforgotten which has become one of the best-loved and most critically acclaimed police dramas on TV. "Nicola and writer Chris Lang decided that Cassie's story would come to an end last night, but that Unforgotten would continue, in series five, with a new case, and a new 'Partner in Crime' for DI Sunny Khan." Unforgotten season five will premiere in February 2023.