Usually Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt hand over to Matt Tebbutt in the Saturday Kitchen. However, the BBC Breakfast hosts announced it was a “lovely surprise” to see Alex Jones was on hand to present. With Matt busy working away on another project, Alex was over the moon to be in charge of food heaven and hell. Naga commented: “We’re with you until 10 o’clock on BBC One and that’s when Alex Jones takes over in the Saturday Kitchen. What a lovely surprise Alex.” “Good morning Charlie and Naga, do you know what? I’ve kidnapped Matt,” Alex joked. “I haven’t! I actually haven’t! He’s away working so I’m here for one day only. “It’s a dream come true, I love this programme.” READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson drives off in rage as he abandons restaurant opening Going on to tease what is coming up, Alex shared: “There’s double trouble in the studio with Josh Widdecombe and Nish Kumar. “Boys, you will be balling it out to face your food heaven. We haven’t got food hell. You will get the dish of your dreams, but only one of you. “Luckily, Rav and Nathan are in charge of the dishes so you’re in very safe hands. What’s your food heaven Josh?” “I’m from Devon so I like a cream tea,” Josh replied. Alex was baffled as she asked: “I’m sorry, a cream tea?” as her guest nodded: “Yeah, why not?” “Delicious, I’m on board with it,” the host confirmed. However, Josh went on to reveal: “Good because when the researcher told me you said ‘What is he? A granny?’” Alex laughed: “It’s like a granny in disguise but well move over that. What about you Nish?” DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty roasts Matt Tebbutt's appearance after he slams guest [LATEST]Matt Tebbutt forced to step in as Jo Brand bows out of task [WATCH]Saturday Kitchen fans distracted by Robson Green's accent [VIDEO] “Are you 900-years-old?” Nish asked Josh, before he shared his favourite dish. “I’ve gone for a Mexican breakfast. “The King of Breakfasts. It’s delicious. I like to bring spicy flavour.” Alex went on to learn Rav and Nathan would also be cooking fish and a miso dessert. She confirmed it would be an exciting show as she handed back to Naga and Charlie. Naga said it sounded “delightful” before apologising for being busy preparing for the next news segment. “You know what it’s like on live telly!” she explained. “You know exactly what it’s like. Alex, thank you.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily from 6am. Saturday Kitchen airs Saturday on BBC One from 10am.