Zara Tindall, 41, is an extremely well-dressed individual according to a style expert. What fashion tricks does the daughter of Princess Anne use?  Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: “Zara Tindall has grown up in the public glare as one of Queen Elizabeth II's grandchildren. "So dressing for duty is virtually second nature, as is a unique sense of stylish confidence." According to the expert, Zara is a "low-key fashion icon". READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  Daena explained: "What doesn't immediately come to mind when Zara Tindall's name comes up in casual conversation is that she's a low-key fashion icon. "However, her equestrian love has heavily influenced her dress sense - whether it's casual event days, when she's seen in denim skirts or jeans, or formal royal meetings, when she dresses up in a coat dress, frequently with a matching tiara." Zara's "race-day attire" has "evolved" according to the style expert. She added: "In recent years, her race-day attire has evolved from demure coats and eye-catching hats to coordinated coat dresses or summery dresses with spectacular headpieces.   "She has also dabbled in the realm of fashion. She debuted a line of equestrian clothing for Musto Outdoor Clothing in 2010. "The collection is called ZP176 after her initial team number while representing Great Britain." Zara is more versatile than just specialising in "equestrian fashion", according to Daena. She clarified: "Zara's focus, however, is not just on equestrian fashion. In 2015, she collaborated with Australian designer John Calleija to create a collection of equine-themed jewellery, with prices ranging up to $44,000. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  "Zara’s stylist, Laura Green recently shared that Beulah London, Zimmermann, and LK Bennett have been among her go-to designers in recent years. "She always looks impeccable thanks to Green’s expertise in royal protocol." Princess Anne was also a huge influence on Zara Tindall growing up, the fashion expert argues. Daena opined: "Zara is also taking inspiration from her mother Princess Anne - the original wardrobe recycler of the Royal Family.  "She is using her key fashion lesson to dress up for any occasion: always look clean, presentable and tidy." The mother of three opts for amazing accessories as well as outfits, the style expert noted. Daena commented: "Zara never fails to wear a statement-making hat with her colourful attire and has worn a number of eye-catching looks throughout the years. "This is undoubtedly acquired from her mother Anne, who has a taste for patterns, figure-flattering fits, and subtle equestrian style references, and who has been influencing trends since before the 1970s.” 