Lidl has become the latest supermarket to limit the number of fresh fruit and vegetable items on sale per customer. It comes as supermarket shelves across the UK struggle to stay stocked-up due to increased demand and supply issues. Here's what you need to know about rationing rules in your local store. Supermarkets are rationing food items including tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers as they grapple with supply problems. Customers have been limited to purchasing just three loose items in an attempt to keep shelves stocked for longer. A Lidl spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "As advised to our customers through signage in our stores last week, adverse weather conditions in Spain and Morocco have recently impacted the availability of certain salad items across the supermarket sector."  "Whilst we still have good availability across the majority of our stores, due to a recent increase in demand we have taken the decision to temporarily limit the purchase of peppers, tomatoes and cucumbers to three items per person." READ MORE: Find YOUR nearest Food Warehouse - where to spend your voucher They added that the rationing scheme is simply to ensure that "all customers have access to the products they need". Customers will have their shopping checked at the tills to ensure they are not buying more than three of each item.Shoppers hoping to scan more through the self-service check-outs will also be monitored by staff and the till itself. Restricted items will appear with a warning at the point of purchase after being scanned. DON'T MISS...Top goals Brits have set for this year - like exercising more [REVEAL]Chinese zodiac sign to experience 'sweet relationship' but must beware [INSIGHT]Supermarkets summoned for emergency talks as veg crisis to last WEEKS [LATEST] Flooding, cold temperatures and ferry disruption are partly responsible for the crisis of imported goods. And turning to British-grown produce is just as tricky as farmers across the country are desperately trying to make ends meet. Soaring energy costs are just one of the issues growers have been forced to contend with as their livelihood becomes more expensive. Many have been left with no choice but to switch off their greenhouses in a bid to save money, leaving many salad crops unable to grow. READ MORE: Poundland store applies for 'tourist attraction' status Lettuce, cucumber and tomatoes appear to be the most widely affected foods, though more are included in other supermarkets. While Lidl allows three of each per customer, along with Tesco and Aldi, Asda and Morrisons are more stringent. In Morrisons, customers are restricted to just two tomato punnets, whole lettuces, cucumbers and peppers. Asda is also operating a three-item limit though customers are restricted from buying a wider range of fresh produce. The current rationing applies to broccoli, tomatoes, lettuce, cucumber, pepper, salad bags, raspberries and cauliflower. All 935 Lidl stores across the UK are thought to be affected by the new rules. The budget retailer stated that approximately two-thirds of its products sold in the UK are sourced from British suppliers, though it does rely on imports from across Europe. Food minister Mark Spencer has summoned supermarket chiefs to explain "what they are doing to get shelves stocked again", adding that the nation should "give thanks" to the tens of thousands of farmers and producers "keeping us fed". 