Donald Trump's former allies have been spotted attending Republican rival Ron DeSantis' recent event ahead of a potential showdown in the Grand Old Party's primary election campaign. Florida's Governor hosted a three-day retreat at the Four Seasons hotel, just four miles away from Trump's Sunshine State home in Mar-a-Lago.  The event, which was dubbed as a celebration of the so-called Florida blueprint, was held ahead of a much anticipated tilt for the GOP nomination. Numerous former Trump allies were seen at the event, a report by Politico has claimed. Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson, who previously tried to arrange for a list of fake electors backing the ex-POTUS to be handed to Mike Pence, participated in a panel discussion on the "medical establishment". A spokesperson for Johnson stressed that he did not intend to endorse in the Republican primary, adding: "Senator Johnson historically does not endorse in primaries and plans to continue this trend and remain impartial in 2024." Solar energy executive Jim Lamon, a former Trump donor who unsuccessfully contested the GOP primary for Arizona's Senate race, was spotted. Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton sat on a panel with conservative commentator Ann Coulter and Texas Congressman Roy Cotton. The Natural State Senator was previously considered as Trump's pick for CIA director. However, against the wishes of the 45th POTUS, Cotton voted to certify the 2020 election result. Former White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney, who recently told Express.co.uk that DeSantis could be better for the UK in negotiating a post-Brexit trade deal, was also seen at the retreat. Other attendees included Lone Star State fundraiser Roy Bailey. Opinion polls on the upcoming GOP primary election tend to suggest Trump will likely overcome the challenge from DeSantis. A recent survey conducted by Echelon Insights handed the 45th POTUS double-digit leads in both head-to-head and crowded field primary contests. DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation'[REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] Trump, who officially launched his third successive White House campaign last November, is not the only GOP candidate to have entered the race.  