 Pamela Anderson, 55, released her tell-all memoir and Netflix documentary last month, both featuring an array of claims and insights into her early life in Hollywood. One such claim was that her older co-star, Tim Allen, 69, flashed her, which he has since denied although the actress now says he “has to”.   Pamela largely retreated from the public eye in recent years but growing interest in her memoir and documentary has seen the actress in countless interviews over the past few months. In an interview with ET Canada, the Baywatch star reacted to Tim’s denial about an incident she detailed in her memoir Love, Pamela. She claimed: “He has to deny it because look at the times we're in.” An excerpt from Pamela’s memoir which was released shortly before the revealed the event in which she claims Tim opened his robe to her wearing nothing underneath. READ MORE: Piers Morgan brutally mocks Madonna after unrecognisable Grammys appearance  At the time, the Canadian was just 23 and had landed one of her first ever acting roles in Tim’s sitcom Home Improvement. The actress had a regular role as Lisa, The Tool Time Girl from 1991, but had originally garnered fame as a Playboy model. Pamela claimed in her memoir: “On the first day of filming, I walked out of my dressing room, and Tim was in the hallway in his robe. “He opened his robe and flashed me quickly - completely naked underneath.”     Pamela recalled the actor referring to her work at Playboy, claiming: “He said it was only fair, because he had seen me naked. Now we’re even. I laughed uncomfortably.” In the ET Canada interview, Pamela added that after the incident: “He ran back into his room and then he was embarrassed all day like a schoolboy. “You can’t make that stuff up.” The former model noted she only revisited “pivotal moments” from her life in the memoir.  She noted: “Obviously I didn’t tell every story in my life otherwise I’d be writing volumes. “Because it was my first job I felt like it was important to say.” In a statement made to Express.co.uk at the time the claims were first made last month, Tim said: “No, it never happened. “I would never do such a thing."  The actress continued with her appearances on the show for most of the first two seasons before heading to the set of Baywatch which made her an international sensation. However, she also returned to Home Improvement years later, making a final appearance in 1997. Express.co.uk has contacted Tim Allen’s representatives for an updated comment. The actress’s memoir Love, Pamela is now available to purchase.