On Wednesday's instalment of Loose Women, the panel praised Penny Lancaster for taking Rod Stewart's eight children under her wing. The former model shares two sons, Alastair, 18 and Aidan, 11, with the Sailing hitmaker but he has six children from four other relationships. Penny, 51, tied the knot with Rod, 78, in June 2007 and they live on the Hertfordshire border between Harlow and Sawbridgeworth in a 10-bedroom mansion. The couple first met back in 1999 on Rod's tour when Penny reportedly asked to take photographs of him. It is understood a romance soon blossomed between the pair and they began a seven-year courtship. Loose Women stars Gloria Hunniford and Jane Moore gushed over Penny's ability to "bring Rod's kids and exes" together as he has been married three times. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Gloria explained a friend of hers fathered a child earlier this month at the age of 87. "How about that? Well, he is still at it as they say," she added. "But I would like to say Penny Lancaster, who is Rod Stewart's wife and on our panel sometimes when she is not in LA, is a great example. "She didn't really interrupt any of Rod's previous relationships, partners or wives.  "She came fresh to the family and Rod and all of the family give her great credit in keeping them all together. "Rod, from memory, has eight children, hasn't he?" Jane confirmed how many children the rocker has, adding how Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger also has eight kids. Jane gushed: "Penny has been brilliant and bringing all of Rod's kids and exes and everything together." DON'T MISS...Penny Lancaster wows on her and Rod Stewart's lookalike son's birthday [UPDATE]Rod Stewart won't perform at King's coronation as wife works the event [LATEST]Rod Stewart jokes about first marriage ending [INTERVIEW] The journalist continued to praise women and men who have embraced being part of blended families. "I do think this is the way forward in this day and age," Jane concluded. English rock legend Rod shares his children with five mothers, with his eldest Sarah being eight years older than Penny. His other children who are not Penny's are Kimberly, 43, Ruby, 35, Renee, 30, Sean, 42, and Liam, 28.  Rod opened up about getting to know his eldest child on The Joy Behar Show back in 2010 after putting her up for adoption when he was a teenager. He told Joy: "She was put up for adoption when I was 17 or 18, I think. I was absolutely stone broke and so she was put up for adoption." He added: "Since her mum and dad have died, we've tried to come together and be close together, and it's working out pretty well. "I never felt like I was her dad because I didn't take her to school, or change her nappies, there was no paternal thing there, but I'm trying." Loose Women airs on weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 