A teenager who died after a crash on a motorway has been named by police. Sophie Laing was a passenger travelling in the backseat of a car when it was in collision with another vehicle at around 1.30pm on Saturday afternoon.    Emergency services rushed to the crash on the M73 northbound, near the junction for Gartcosh, Scotland, and took 16-year-old Sophie and the 62-year-old driver of the car she was in to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow.   The teenager, from Cumbernauld, could not be saved and she died in hospital.   A 42-year-old man was arrested in connection with a road traffic offence and later released pending further enquiries.    Constable Paul Mallon, Lanarkshire Road Policing Unit, said: “Our thoughts remain with Sophie’s family and friends at this difficult time and we ask that their privacy is respected.   “Our enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances and I would urge anyone who may have information which could assist to contact officers.”   Tributes have been left to the teen on social media.   One read: "I'll miss you getting on my bus and having a laugh and your cheeky wee smile. I'll always remember you and keep the Xmas card you gave me...rest in peace Sophie my wee pal."     And another said: "Sincere condolences to Sophie's family and friends. Such a beautiful young girl gone far too soon."   Mar Eeaah posted: “So so sad to hear this tragic news.   “I taught Sophie in Primary 3, she was a lovely, kind girl.   “Sending my heartfelt condolences to her family.”Gail Bayne wrote: “Absolutely devastating, my daughter went to primary school with Sophie who was such a lovely girl… heartfelt thoughts with her family.”     Linda Shorthouse said: “Absolutely devastating that this beautiful girl lost her life.   “Thinking of her family and God only knows what they're going through at this sad time.”   Naomie Crispin wrote: “So, so sad. My heart breaks for her mum most of all. Haven't stopped thinking about Sophie and her family since it happened.”   And Stacie Gillespie commented: “Life is just so unbelievably cruel at times. Sleep tight, gorgeous girl. Love and strength to her family and friends at this difficult time.”   Anyone with any information about what happened or has any dashcam footage from the time of the collision is asked to contact 101 quoting reference 1665 of 28 January, 2023. 