An angry Massimiliano Allegri confronted a Juventus fan in the stands who was allegedly continuously abusing the club's players during their Serie A clash with Fiorentina. The Old Lady are working tirelessly to revive their season after being slapped with a 15-point deduction by the Italian football authorities last month due to financial irregularities. And Allegri clearly feels as though he needs Juventus' supporters behind the team if they are to somehow qualify for Europe this season. Juve are now ninth in the table but they did pick up a vital 1-0 win against Fiorentina on Sunday courtesy of Adrien Rabiot's winner. But the game was somewhat overshadowed by an incident that saw Allegri call out a fan in the crowd after one comment towards forward Moise Kean pushed him over the edge. "Shut up and come down here," shouted Allegri, as he began to walk towards the section where the fan was sitting. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call Allegri began to shout furiously and point towards supporters before quickly being calmed down by members of his technical staff. The confrontation happened moments before Gaetano Castrovilli saw a goal chalked off for Fiorentina as tensions inside the Allianz Stadium began to boil. Speaking after the victory, Allegri explained why he lost his temper, claiming the fan was disrespectful. “They are Juventus players, we need all of them," Allegri told DAZN. DON'T MISS Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sent warning over health after stressful Leicester thrashing Four excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setback "I don’t like people coming to the stadium ready to jeer at one or another player, that is disrespectful. "By all means, jeer when we do badly, but not ahead of time." He later added during his press conference: "I am disappointed, because most of the crowd is helping the team, then there are a few who decide a player is poor regardless of performance and jeers, like Moise Kean, Mattia De Sciglio and at times Leandro Paredes too. “They are Juventus players, we need all of them. I don’t like people coming to the stadium ready to jeer at one or another player, that is disrespectful. "By all means jeer when we do badly, but not ahead of time.” Juventus are still yet to call upon Paul Pogba following his free transfer from Manchester United last summer due to injury. The Frenchman has suffered a number of setbacks since undergoing knee surgery but Juventus supporters are now growing frustrated by his lack of availability. Allegri is still optimistic Juventus can make something of their season despite the monumental blow of being deducted 15 points.