Mason Mount could just represent an attractive solution to Liverpool's problems in the middle of the park and his previous comments on his burning desire to continue proving people wrong suggest he would fit right in under Jurgen Klopp. The England international has endured a difficult campaign to date having lost his place in Graham Potter's side and talks over a new deal at Stamford Bridge are yet to reach a positive conclusion. His current contract is due to run until the summer of 2024 but with an agreement not seemingly close, there is a chance Chelsea could be forced to entertain offers. It's a similar situation to that of Declan Rice at West Ham, who are expected to reluctantly sell their captain at the end of the season to avoid losing him on a free transfer. Liverpool are believed to be admirers of Mount and it's easy to see why given he loves to press - a distinctive characteristic of Klopp's Reds. Furthermore, Liverpool also need some more quality in midfield having still failed to replace Gini Wijnaldum following his departure in June 2021. READ MORE: Jurgen Klopp rules four Liverpool stars out vs Newcastle but Reds given 'massive' lift While Mount would favour staying with his boyhood club, he has spent his entire career proving people wrong. If he is not considered to be up to scratch at Chelsea, the chance to prove them wrong by joining another club could yet materialise. Liverpool are keeping tabs on Mount's situation and the playmaker is still keen to continue evolving his game. When previously quizzed on why he was perceived as the teacher's pet within the England set-up, Mount's answer said everything you need to know about his attitude. "I’m always someone who wants to strive to prove someone wrong or show something that maybe they haven’t seen," he said. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race Liverpool have a rich history with signing players out to prove a point during the Klopp era. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ditched Arsenal for Anfield in 2017 while Mohamed Salah was out to prove Chelsea made a mistake in letting him go when he arrived on Merseyside the same summer. Even Darwin Nunez to an extent is currently looking to prove his doubters wrong following his £85million move from Benfica. As it stands, it does not seem like Chelsea value Mount as much as they have done in recent years following his first-team breakthrough under Frank Lampard. Back then, he was one of the poster boys of the Chelsea project but now he is very much considered to be a squad player following Todd Boehly's excessive spending spree. There is no doubting that he would improve Liverpool's midfield options should Chelsea be ready to consider a sale - particularly to a rival. You would also anticipate that Liverpool's project would be of interest to Mount should he opt to quit Chelsea. The attacking midfielder is now facing the most challenging decision of his career but if he is set to remain out of the Blues side, a new contract extension no longer looks to be a formality.