People voted to leave the European Union so that we could take back control of our laws and our borders. We don’t want to be subjected to EU laws that don’t work for our country. By doing things differently, we can build a brighter future for the United Kingdom. But that future must benefit everyone – including people and businesses in Northern Ireland. To date, the Northern Ireland Protocol hasn’t been delivering the Brexit that we voted for. It has created unacceptable barriers to trade and excessive burdens on businesses. It has led to a ban on products, like seed potatoes and certain plants, moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland. VAT cuts on products like beer have not been implemented in Northern Ireland. And shockingly, some medicines have not been allowed in. Beyond goods and tax restrictions, we have seen a democratic deficit in which the European Union can continue to impose ever-changing laws on Northern Ireland without Northern Ireland having any say. This isn’t right. That is why I am so pleased that the Prime Minister has secured a new deal that will allow a better and more prosperous future for Northern Ireland. The Windsor Framework will allow trade to flow again, removing barriers such as export declaration barriers and customs requirements for people sending post and parcels. The bans we have seen on British products being sold in Northern Ireland such as sausages will disappear. Crucially, the deal will restore sovereignty for the people of Northern Ireland. The ‘Stormont Brake’ means that Northern Ireland will now be able to both have its say and block, if necessary, any new and changed EU laws. This is a huge achievement that many thought was impossible. The Prime Minister deserves huge credit for getting us to this point. This deal will scrap 1,700 pages of EU law and it makes permanent changes to the Northern Ireland Protocol. As a Conservative, Unionist and Brexiteer, I am so proud of what these huge strides have achieved. Now, Northern Ireland can really start to benefit from the Brexit opportunities for trade, to Great Britain, to the EU, and to the world.