A specialist underwater investigation team boss is certain that if missing mum Nicola Bulley is in the River Wyre, his team will certainly find her. Lancashire Police's leading hypothesis about the mum-of-two, 45, who disappeared while walking cocker spaniel Willow on January 27 is that she fell into the river. They had deployed their own teams to search the river bed - but at the request of Ms Bulley's family, are today being helped by Specialist Group International, who promise to use advanced sonar technology to track her down.  The comments from the specialist team's boss, Peter Faulding, come after a friend of Ms Bulley told Good Morning Britain she hopes they don't find anything - as that could mean she is still alive. Mr Faulding told reporters at the scene: "If Nicola is in the river, I'm confident that we'll find her. "If she's not in the river, obviously we won't find anything, but we're going to work our hardest, we're probably going to work under darkness tonight for a while, and that's my intention - to help the family." He added that he had spoken to Paul Ansell, the heartbroken partner of Miss Bulley, 45, who went missing 10 days ago in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancs. Mr Faulding said: "I mean, Paul's extremely distraught. I've just spoken to him just now where we're staying. And you know, my thoughts go out to the family and friends. "It's a very difficult time. I'm used to dealing with, you know, families of drowning victims. It's a horrible thing to be going through not knowing where your loved one is."  The specialist search team boss earlier told GB News that he personally didn't believe she was there, saying: "We could have scanned this river with our equipment within the day and seen if there was a body there. It’s as clear as that. And you know, none of this rings right to me. My belief is she’s not in the river at all." He added: "The phone on the bench, I mean, you have to ask, normally someone would have a phone in their hand especially if they were walking around. “Even the clothing feels odd, no one spoke about how deep the water is actually at the bottom of the bank where it went in. I’ve heard rumours it’s 18 inches deep at the edge. I mean, the clothing she was wearing was not woolly clothing that absorbs water quickly. She seems a very fit person. Why were there no screams? Why were there no marks?"  Police searches have entered their tenth day after Nicola was last spotted at roughly 9.15am last Friday while out walking her springer spaniel Willow in St Michael's in Wyre, Lancashire. Mr Faulding's statements come after friend of Ms Bulley, Emma White, told Good Morning Britain that she hoped the teams would not find her in the river. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley friend says she is an 'incredibly strong swimmer' [REVEAL] Ms White said she and other friends of Ms Bulley were pleased the team would be assisting police, but are hoping they "uncover nothing." She told the programme: "We hope they uncover nothing, like the police have done for the last ten days, and we hope Nicola is not in that river."  Ms White said she believes Mr Faulding's equipment is more sophisticated the kit police have, saying: "Peter's here, working with Lancashire Police, and we just have to have everything crossed that the search continues and Nicola is not in that river. "We don't want to undermine all the work police have done but when you get that glimmer of hope and you look at what the company does, his records and what he has achieved then you think we need to get this expert here - and we can't thank you enough for bringing the team down." DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley's daughter asks 'where is mummy and is she coming home?' [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley's daughters trying to keep life as normal as possible [INSIGHT]Police release CCTV showing last known sighting of Nicola Bulley [ANALYSIS] Ms White said the police theory that Ms Bulley fell into the River Wyre "is based on a theory, with no actual evidence to support it". Speaking to Express.co.uk, founder Mr Faulding, who pioneered bringing forensic sonar search equipment to the UK, said: “We have the best sonar equipment for the world that’s available, for the highest frequency for this particular search. That river, we can literally scan within a day, a day and a half." As he headed to the scene, Mr Fauling said: "I'm confident with my expertise over 20 odd years that if she is there, I will find her with that sonar. I will be operating that sonar."