Vladimir Putin has reportedly lost at least ten top generals in the Ukraine conflict after Major-General Dmitry Ulyanov was reportedly killed in a battle during an assault by a Ukrainian sabotage group earlier this week. The 44-year-old was a commander during Russia's illegitimate invasion of Ukraine after coming out of retirement. He was allegedly attacked by a Ukrainian sabotage group this week and lost his life in a battle. Ulyanov formerly served as the commander of the prestigious 98th Guards Airborne Division and was a highly regarded paratrooper. In Ukraine had has been placed incharge of a regiment of Tatarstani motorised infantrymen.  According to accessible sources, Ulyanov previously held the positions of 98th Airborne Division commander, 1141st Artillery Regiment commander, and Chief of Staff for the 7th Airborne Division. Ulyanov is the first such senior officer to be assassinated for several months, He was revealed to be the son of a commander by a family friend. The eulogy said: "Like his father did not sit in the rear, he went to the front line, Glory to the Hero! Glory to the Airborne Forces!" Putin has already lost at least ten such senior officers. Last year, reports identified the top brass killed in the conflict as follows: Maj-Gen Andrey Sukhovetsky, Maj-Gen Vitaly Gerasimov, Maj-Gen Vladimir Frolov, 54, Maj-Gen Andrei Simonov, 55, Maj-Gen Oleg Mityaev, 48, Maj-Gen Kanamat Botashev, 63, and Maj-Gen Roman Kutuzov, 53. Lt-Gen Yakov Rezantsev, 48. Other early reports of high-ranking officers dying in the battle were later disproven. Ukrainian officials say they expect Russian forces to make a new drive in eastern and southern Ukraine, as the Kremlin strives to secure territory it illegally annexed in late September and where it claims its rule is welcomed. DON'T MISS:British soldiers brave blistering cold with -12C [REPORT]Russian mercenary shot in head after waving skull of 'dead Ukrainian' [REPORT]'I'm on Putin hit-list and I'm terrified of Ukraine war anniversary' [REPORT] The anticipated Russian push may seek to recapture territory Moscow lost in a late summer counteroffensive. Battlefield setbacks in Ukraine have embarrassed the Kremlin, and Russian President Vladimir Putin is keen to cement public support for the war. Some Western military analysts were skeptical, however, of Russia’s ability to mount a large new offensive in coming weeks, particularly in time for the February 24 anniversary, that might alter the course of the war. Ukraine and Russia are both still training their new troops and amassing weapons. In some of the latest fighting of the war in Ukraine, local authorities reported Tuesday that Russian shelling damaged a hospital and apartment buildings. The shelling in the northeastern town of Vovchansk caused multiple fires late Monday, including at the two-story municipal hospital, the regional State Emergency Service said in an online statement.