Special Agent Simone Clark (played by Niecy Nash-Betts) burst onto the scene in the fourth season of The Rookie and has since been taking on her own cases in ABC’s brand new spin-off series, The Rookie: Feds. After millions of fans tuned into the action this Tuesday, both shows will sadly be taking a two-week break before Clark starts her next investigation. Episode 15 of The Rookie: Feds’ first season, Dead Again, sadly won’t be airing until later this month. New episodes of the spin-off and its flagship series will drop back-to-back on February 14. This is down to US President Joe Biden’s State of the Union Address, which has caused a major reshuffling for a number of major networks’ schedules. President Biden will address Congress at 9pm EST next Tuesday, which is when a number of primetime shows would normally air. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit Instead, two of ABC’s biggest shows will hold off on their next episodes to ensure the biggest audience possible tunes in the following week. An official synopsis for Dead Again reads: “During a recent murder investigation of an investment banker, who was also declared murdered six years ago, the unit follows a suspicious trail that leads to new evidence on both cases. “Meanwhile, relationships are put to the test as Fortune (Britt Adams) considers her future with Carter Hope (James Lesure). “[Plus] Brendon Acres (Kevin Zegers) pushes his limits with Antoinette Benneteau (Devika Bhise).” Earlier this season, Brendon and Antoinette’s first date took an unexpected turn when it became an undercover operation. Thankfully, they managed to make the most of the case and they could be taking their relationship to the next level once they get together again in the next episode. Although Simone will have her hands full with her latest murder investigation, this episode also seems to be focused on the romance which has been building up over the first season. While sparks were flying between Brendon and Antoinette, Simone and Laura (Britt Robertson) were also on hand to help Carter’s love life. DON'T MISS:Dr Phil McGraw exits talk show stint after 2 decades [LATEST]1000lb Sisters fans fume over Tammy’s ‘unacceptable’ behaviour [BACKLASH]NCIS Hawaii’s Kai death ‘sealed’ in haunting promo [VIDEO] The FBI Special Agent has sadly failed to keep his marriage afloat, and finally accepted it was time to get back into the dating scene. At first, he gave dating apps a try with limited success, but Simone couldn’t help noticing he was getting closer to Fortune, a nurse. Carter and Fortune first meet when the agent sustains an injury and he spends a brief time in the hospital. Unfortunately, his wound gets worse and he ends up back at the hospital, where he gets another chance to get to know Fortune a little better. Carter plucks up the courage to ask her out while she tends to the injury, and she agrees to a date. Fans are now excited for their romance to hopefully blossom further over the next few weeks. However, it won’t be plain sailing as they both have demanding careers which could get in the way of their relationship getting serious. The Rookie: Feds season 1 continues Tuesday, February 14 on ABC in the USA and will be released in February on Sky Witness in the UK.