The popularity of Formula 1 has skyrocketed in recent years with a new wave of fans absorbed in the action at the pinnacle of motorsport. F1 has always been one a glamorous and exhilarating sport but now can claim to be one of the most watched globally, as a worldwide fanbase tunes in to high-octane drama and clashes of personalities on and off the grid.   And the impact of the Netflix Drive to Survive series, which started in 2019, cannot be underestimated in bringing new eyes to the sport. The epic docu-series has introduced thousands to the madcap world of F1 for the first time, while it has rekindled a love for other casual sports fans. But whether you are the most ardent or simply a casual follower of Formula 1 heading into a tantalising 2023 season, there is a good chance you are unaware how the sport actually came to get its name. Here, Express Sport breaks down the meaning behind the moniker of the top motorsport series in the world.  READ MORE: Carlos Sainz risks causing headache with Charles Leclerc comments  The concept of Formula 1 was first moulded in 1946 when the Commission Sportive Internationale ( CSI) appointed Augustin Perousse, who was tasked with reintroducing Grands Prix after World War II. At that time, the Association Internationale des Automobile Clubs Reconnus (AIACR) was replaced with the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile, which is the FIA governing body that F1 fans recognise today. Four years later, after the groundwork was laid, the FIA confirmed there would be an inaugural 1950 Formula One World Championship. And the Formula 1 name was devised by the CSI, who felt it appropriately represented the best in class of motorsport. DON'T MISSFerrari 'used weight' as top team to block Red Bull's plans  Red Bull left red-faced as F1 boss shuns them 'due to suspicions' Red Bull making Ferrari and Mercedes 'look stupid' as heroes praised  The organisers believed the post-war Grand Prix series should have the term ‘formula’ as it best explained a racing division, so the sport was initially branded as ‘Formula Internationale’. The motosport division could have been called ‘Formula A’, but organisers eventually agreed on Formula 1. That is because ‘1’ summarises the category as the top-tier, which F1 has become known as in its long and illustrious history. F1 has the fastest, most powerful and technologically advanced cars in its class and the name therefore denotes its premier status. Formula 1 is the oldest existing tier of the ‘formula’ racing model, and drivers in the below tiers of F2, F3, and F4 all have aspirations of replicating their heroes who have made history on the F1 circuit, including Michael Schumacher, Ayrton Senna and Lewis Hamilton. 