It’s reported the Love Island contestants will be rocked as the major Casa Amor recoupling is set to take place sooner than expected. ITV2 viewers saw 12 new bombshells enter two villas over the last few days but not everyone will remain in the show. The new host of the reality dating series is set to oversee the recoupling where the original cast will have to decide whether they want to remain in their couple or switch to someone new. Over the years, the Casa Amor recoupling has often been a drama-filled episode with people unexpectedly bringing new arrivals with them into the villa. On Sunday night, the original girls snuck away to a luxury property nearby where they welcomed six new boys, whereas the original boys had to wait an extra day for their bombshells. As new connections form viewers usually have to wait a few days to see who will remain loyal, however, Maya Jama hinted fans could be getting the recoupling sooner than expected. READ MORE:Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out'   Seen jetting back to South Africa, the 28-year-old posted a small video from her seat on the plane as she partied on board with her friends. The new host also let slip her plans to return to the Love Island villa at the BRIT Awards when speaking to presenter Mo Gilligan. Speaking to The Sun, a source said: “The next Love Island recoupling is imminent and Maya will be personally overseeing proceedings. “Filming of the recoupling will take place today and there are plenty of upsets expected.   “Casa Amor is one of the most disruptive and drama-filled parts of the show and producers expect this to be no different.” With the female Casa girls entering on Monday evening, it looked as though unlikely connections were forming as Will Young’s head seemed to get turned. Although the Australian islander looked set on returning to her man in the main villa as she told the new boys it would take a lot for her head to be turned. However, it appears it may be easier for the 23-year-old who was involved in a flirty conversation with newcomer Layla Al-Momani. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Sam Dingle in trouble as plan to help Esther backfires [SOAP] Coronation Street fans predict Stephen Reid’s undoing in showdown [REACTION] Phillip Schofield jokes 'shut your face' after Holly age probe [VIDEO]    Having a private conversation away from everyone else, Layla told the social media star it looked as though he fell in love quickly. Asking if she thought his connection with Jessie was genuine, she replied: “I'm not going to say it’s not real, because I’ve not seen you and I don’t know. “But, I wouldn’t say it’s like- I don’t know, it could be.” Wanting to get an idea of who was catching her eye in the villa, Layla coyly avoided the question, giving the implication it was him.    Later on, the duo were speaking about dating in the outside world as he told her that he was pre-planning when asking what her ideal date would be. Giving each other suggestive smiles during their chat, viewers quickly realised there could potentially be heartbreak for Jessie as Will gets to know Layla. A preview for Tuesday’s episode sparked outrage among fans as it looked as though the farmer was leaning in for a kiss. Express.co.uk have contacted ITV for comment. Love Island returns to ITV2 at 9pm and is available to stream on ITVX.  