Australian tennis star Bernard Tomic has baffled fans by "starting a new sport" involving a bicycle, with long-time rival Nick Kyrgios quick to troll him on social media. Taking to Instagram, Tomic shared a clip of him playing tennis while riding a bike with the caption: "Starting a new sport. My two favourite training combined Actually surprisingly good for coordination". And fans were left baffled by Tomic's "new sport", with one joking: "When the Tennis Federation said 'On yer bike' I don't think this was the intention." Another wrote: "You're not only the greatest tennis player of all time, you're also the greatest bicycle tennis player of all time!" And after the clip was shared on Twitter by tennis journalist Ben Rothenberg, Kyrgios could not resist aiming a dig at his rival. "Moves better moving forward like this," Kyrgios joked. Kyrgios and Tomic have had a long-running feud, with Tomic even suggesting last year that the pair should settle their differences in a boxing match after Kyrgios branded him the "most hated athlete in Australia". In response, Tomic first proposed a winner-takes-all tennis match where both players put up $1m (£578,000), before then suggesting the pair step in the ring and fight. JUST IN: Djokovic given Indian Wells boss' backing over 'disgraceful' US ban "First thing's first, let's set the record straight here," Tomic said. "Our current score is 1-0, I beat you once before, I'll beat you again whenever you want. I dominate you every time we play, we train, and you know that. "You say you're good at basketball, I'll beat you at that too. Tennis? I'll dominate you one-on-one. To not make excuses, I'll even play you on grass, whenever you want. You know what? Let's sort this out in the boxing ring. Put your gloves on, I'll dominate you there also. Let's see who's better once and for all." However, Kyrgios quickly shut down Tomic, telling the Courier Mail last June: "He's not very good anymore, he's not relevant anymore, and he's obviously got money issues. For someone who actually tried to stand up for him before and tried to help him out, like my family's helped him out before, I paid for his flights back home from Shanghai because he had no money. DON'T MISSFederer Wimbledon return addressed by board member Henman - EXCLUSIVEFederer needs 'special condition' to accept Wimbledon role - EXCLUSIVEMurray adds Dubai event to schedule as Brit plots 'rankings climb' "So for him to come out and attack is extremely disrespectful I think. When he's challenging me for boxing matches - like first of all, I don't know who's going to put up $1 million for him because he's dead broke. "Second of all, I have bigger fish to fry at the moment. I'm trying to get ready for Wimbledon. US Open. I've got off court contracts, tournaments still pay me to show up. And I don't think that's happening for him at the moment. But maybe one day, I would love to challenge him in there. I feel like I've got him on fitness."