 Wednesday evening saw the next episode of Channel 5’s new crime drama The Catch air. As Ed Collier (played by Jason Watkins) still has suspicions about his daughter’s new boyfriend Ryan (Aneurin Barnard), things are taking a sinister turn.   So far in the show, viewers were introduced to Ed, his wife Claire (Cathy Belton) and their daughter Abbie (Poppy Gilbert). As the family continues to cope with the loss of their 12-year-old son from years ago, Ed has become extra protective of the only child he has left. This became apparent when Abbie brought home her new boyfriend, who Ed made very obvious he disapproved of from the get-go. With Abbie making a u-turn decision to ditch her plans of going to Australia to live with Ryan, Ed’s dislike grew. READ MORE:Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  Not fully believing all Ryan was saying, the fisherman set about trying to uncover the truth with the help of George (Morgan Palmeria), Abbie’s ex. As the duo start to look into the mysterious man’s past, things get dark when they learn he’s not all he’s made out to be. With there being no background on him until a few years prior, George revealed there was no information on Ryan ever being in the military, despite him claiming had to leave as a result of being shot. Meanwhile, Ed is being harassed by an unknown source who is leaving sinister messages for him such as “killer” and “guilty".    Despite tensions starting to rise in the show, viewers remain unimpressed as they slammed the second episode by pointing out a series of errors. PaulC93 wrote: “I know TV shows are adaptations of books, but #TheCatch on @channel5_tv is hardly anything like the book - Ed isn’t even a fisherman in the actual book. It’s infuriating.” Hsaapso1 added: “#TheCatch I enjoyed the first episode of Ed being suspicious of Abbey's boyfriend, tonight it just getting more confusing, what has the picture of the sailors got to do with anything?” PtheP commented: “Watching #TheCatch on @channel5_tv and can honestly say I’ve not seen any acting so wooden since the halcyon days of Crossroads!” DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan scolded by guest for wrongly using term 'woke' [VIDEO] Coronation Street fans spot ‘obvious’ error in Stephen Reid fight [REACTION] Coronation Street danger for Sean as Laurence’s past is ‘exposed’[SOAP]  CharlieFarnsba9 said: “How did he manage to get a call on his mobile out at sea on #TheCatch on @channel5_tv when we struggle to even get 3G in parts of Somerset????" xDiamond_Girlx tweeted: “#TheCatch aw FFS he is forging her signature now. I think I’m done with this now. Too many unlikeable characters for me. And his accent is well dodgy and getting on my nerves.” With Twitter user RichardJHammon3 adding: “So after 25 years of a good marriage, the lad's medal goes missing and automatically its Jason Watkins character's fault, this show is weird, I'm giving up on it #thecatch” Actor Jason Watkins spoke to Express.co.uk on the reasoning behind taking the role as he wanted to help audiences understand what parents who have lost a child go through, following the death of his own daughter.   In 2011, Jason and his wife Clara lost their two-year-old daughter Maude who tragically died from sepsis. Touching on his character trying to cope with his grief, the actor said: “He’s trying to do it on his own. I'm a bit like that. “I try and do it on my own and you can’t. You have to include the person you love and the people you love, let them in and let them help you.” There were some viewers who enjoyed the latest episode. The Catch continues Wednesdays on Channel 5 from 9pm  