While you may not have given it much thought, many of us have some bad laundry habits. These seemingly minor issues may be costing you money for new clothes, washing machine repairs and even higher bills. Breaking these habits can be simple, as experts at Laundryheap have shared some tips to help you get started with better habits today. The first “laundry habit to stop in 2023” is washing everything at the same time, according to the experts. They explained: “The temperature setting solely depends on what kind of material you are washing. “As a rule of thumb, towels and bedding should typically be washed in warm or hot settings. Whereas fabrics such as cotton and wool need to be washed at lower temperatures to protect their shape.” What’s more, changing the temperature accordingly will save your clothes from the “damage” of fading and shrinking. READ MORE: ‘Far quicker’ method to dry your clothes indoors without causing mould Overusing detergent is one of the most common laundry mistakes. Doing so doesn’t get your clothes any cleaner, however – it only creates problems. The laundry pros said: “It’s impossible not to love laundry detergent as it’s the reason why our clothes end up smelling fresh. Unfortunately, using too much laundry detergent can result in residue marks on your garment. “Once the residue sticks to your clothes, it can attract dirt. If you’re guilty of this laundry habit, now it’s the best time to stop.” Try cutting back your detergent use per wash load to three-quarters of what is recommended and see if you’re satisfied with how your clothes are coming out at the end of the wash cycle. DON'T MISS3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach [TIPS]Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [INSIGHT]Stop condensation and mould with these eight ‘excellent’ houseplants [EXPERT] If you’re in a bit of a rush or you’ve got a lot to do, meticulously checking all the pockets of the clothes in your laundry might seem like a bit of a faff. However, it’s a really important step and one that you should never skip. The pros said: “It can be seen as a clumsy habit but consequently, forgetting to empty pockets has a bad outcome on your washing machine because they can clog the washer drain.” The biggest concern is metal objects, such as coins or keys. Going through a wash won’t harm the metal, but the same can’t be said for your washing machine. As the washing machine spins, the metal item could either shatter or crack the glass on a front-loading machine or could damage the drum itself. The key or coin could also lodge in the pipe, causing a blockage and potential flooding. READ MORE: ‘Common culprits’ that shorten the life of your washing machine The experts added: “So next time when you start your laundry, empty metal objects like keys and coins to avoid any mechanical damage to your washing machine.” It’s tempting to shove just a few more items in a load to help finish your laundry quicker, but overloading the appliance actually hurts your level of efficiency rather than helping it. The experts said: “Overloading the washing machine is a common habit because people want to finish all their laundry in one load but it will only ruin their laundry. This is because the more clothes inside the machine, the less likely the laundry detergent will circulate all around them.” Overloading your appliance also puts a strain on the machine and causes it to wear down more quickly, which means the lifespan of your washer is decreased. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The washing machine is a crucial appliance for helping households do their laundry, however, it is also one many probably take for granted until it fails to work one day. Your washing machine has several components that must work together seamlessly, and those parts will eventually wear out or stop working properly if regular maintenance isn’t done on the machine. The laundry gurus said: “It takes care of our clothes so it’s best we take care of it. If you are guilty of ignoring signs that your washing machine is faulty, now is the best time to stop this habit and act. “Next time you hear an odd noise from your washing machine, smell a bad odour or see mould around the handle, it’s best to not ignore these signs. A faulty washing machine will not wash your clothes properly.”