The decision to play the "black national anthem" at the Super Bowl on Sunday has divided politicians, pundits and NFL fans alike. Sheryl Lee Ralph from the comedy show Abbott Elementary sang the tune Lift Every Voice and Sing before Super Bowl LVII at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona on Sunday. Playing two national anthems before the intense head-to-head between the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles whipped up a storm on social media, with Republican Representative Lauren Boebert tweeting: "America only has ONE NATIONAL ANTHEM. Why is the NFL trying to divide us by playing multiple!? Do football, not wokeness". Former Republican congressional candidate Lavern Spicer tweeted: "The Black National Anthem is the Star Spangled Banner. The White National Anthem is the Star Spangled Banner. The Mixed National Anthem is the Star Spangled Banner. "If you live in the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, your National Anthem is the Star Spangled Banner."  And conservative activist Charlie Kirk simply said: "There should not be a black national anthem." The comedian Terrence K. Williams added: 'I will never stand for a Black National Anthem. I wouldn’t stand for a Brown or White National Anthem." The black national anthem, which was first sung in 1900, wasn't hated by all fans, with one user tweeting: "My Eagles lost but [Sheryl Lee Ralph] won the #SuperBowl." Likewise, Philadelphia state senator Vincent Hughes said: "The @eagles may have come up short in a valiant effort tonight but @thesherylralph certainly was a winner at the @AZSuperBowl."  MSNBC host Ali Velshi tweeted lyrics from the anthem and said it was "one of the most powerful songs in U.S. history" and social media personality Brian Krassenstein added that '"if you have a problem with the Black National Anthem then you are one of the reasons it's being sung". The latest Super Bowl furore is not the first of its kind. A Christian advertiser sparked outrage at this year's Super Bowl by spending $20million for an advert telling viewers that Jesus "gets them". Critics pointed out that the $20million price tag could have paid for charity, food and shelter instead of a primetime commercial. The Kansas City Chiefs won Super Bowl LVII after a dramatic, last-minute comeback against the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday night. The game finished 38-35 in favour of the Chiefs and has already been dubbed an all-time classic.