TikTok has been banned for all EU institutions' employees over cybersecurity concerns. In an email sent to European Commission's employees, the Brussels' executive urged staff to delete the Chinese social media app immediately. The email read: “To protect the Commission’s data and increase its cybersecurity, the EC [European Commission] Corporate Management Board has decided to suspend the TikTok application on corporate devices and personal devices enrolled in the Commission mobile device services." The Commission gave staffers a March 15 deadline to take action or risk losing access to the Commission email and Skype for Business apps on their devices. The move comes as TitTok admitted that its Chinese headquarters could access worldwide data of its users last November. The app has already been banned by US Government officials. US deputy secretary of state, Wendy Sherman, said last week that young people should "think twice" about being on TikTok because of China. She told the BBC's Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg: "These are very tough decisions for any family. The United States government has made a decision that none of us can use TikTok on any of our official devices. "I think that was a very, very sound judgment and I would certainly tell any young people in my family to think twice about being on TikTok. "We have thousands of chips in any of our cars, we all live on our phones, and we have to understand all these devices can be used as surveillance vehicles if used in the wrong way. "There is no question that the People's Republic of China is the pacing challenge, certainly for this decade and if not through the further future." READ MORE: Lukashenko won't help Putin for fear his military would 'switch sides'  Sherman's comments came as US President Joe Biden was urged to take action against China's persistent attempts to breach US security after a spy balloon was shot down earlier this month. Republican Matt Gaetz urged the President to "blow up TikTok" as his next step to signal to Beijing the United States will fiercely shut down any further attempts to spy on the nation Gaetz's demands to target the social media platform came after months of speculation about the extent of the app's ability to monitor its users. The platform itself last year admitted four of its staff had been fired after they had been found to have accessed the data of journalists in what parent company ByteDance called attempts to track down potential leaks' sources. DON'T MISS:Post-Brexit fisheries deal signed by Macron sparks Frexit calls [INSIGHT]Russian 'spy ship' stopped in North Sea over energy sabotage attempt [VIDEO]Rishi Sunak to unleash massive crackdown on asylum backlog [ANALYSIS] The company had previously issued categorical denials after repeated accusations that the platform was being used by the Chinese Government to spy on international users, which include prominent figures as well as newspapers. And former presidential candidate Mitt Romney also picked up on the link between the social media platform and China's growing hostility. Sen Romney wrote on Twitter: "A big Chinese balloon in the sky and millions of Chinese TikTok balloons on our phones. Let’s shut them all down​."