Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta has thanked medics as he posted an update after he was knocked out against Southampton. The Spanish international's face bore the brunt of a Sekou Mara overhead kick during the second half of the 1-0 defeat and he was immediately taken to hospital after being treated on the field. The incident had initially occurred when Azpilicueta and Mara challenged for an aerial ball from a corner and the defender immediately hit the ground. Replays showed the Southampton player had struck the Chelsea man in the face with his boot while attempting an overhead kick. Players from both sides were concerned and had frantically called for medics to enter the field before being called on by the referee. The 33-year-old was down for 10 minutes in total before he was taken off on a stretcher and taken straight to hospital with his head in a neck brace. He was however conscious as he left the pitch and he applauded Chelsea fans as he was carried off. Now, Azpilicueta has posted an update via his Instagram account, thanking medics and his fellow players for their help as he looks forward to returning to match action. The post read: "Hi everyone! Thank you all for your love and messages of support! My family and I would like to thank everyone who has been looking after me since yesterday’s incident. "From the @ChelseaFC medical team, to teammates and opponents, to St Mary’s and Cleveland Hospital and all staff members and doctors: a massive thank you from the bottom of my heart. Now, time to recover and I will see you soon on the pitch!" JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd Azpilicueta had made a rare start against the Premier League's bottom club with Reece James - Graham Potter's clear first choice in the position - left out. The former Brighton coach was able to shed more light on the incident after the match, telling reporters that he had been able to able to speak to his wife. "He’s in hospital," Potter said. "He’s conscious and was speaking to his wife. We were obviously really concerned when it first happened. I think he was unconscious to begin with. It was worrying. A horrible incident."   It is unclear how long Azpilicueta will be out for however he will spend at least six days on the sidelines under concussion protocols. Saturday's encounter was a disaster from a Chelsea perspective with James Ward Prowse's free-kick inflicting even more pressure on Graham Potter. The Blues have now taken just three wins in their last 17 matches and still languish in 10th place in the Premier League. 