Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has sent an ominous warning to the club’s Premier League rivals after the Citizens were charged with more than 100 financial offences. Guardiola has led his team to four top-flight titles since taking charge at the Etihad Stadium in 2016.  Ahead of City’s clash with Aston Villa on Sunday, the Spaniard was asked if other clubs are resentful of the team’s recent success. And Guardiola replied: “It is difficult for me to answer this question. I don't know. “They open a precedent right now. Be careful in the future because many clubs make suggestions and we have been accused. I can have an opinion, but what do fans think? I don't know. It is obvious the fans want to push us out of the competition. They believe we didn't behave properly.” The charges City are facing relate to details about revenue, information around player and manager earnings, UEFA regulations, profitability and sustainability and co-operation with Premier League investigations. READ MORE: Odegaard makes Arsenal vow as Gunners star fires message to Man City   Three years ago, City were temporarily expelled from playing in the Champions League after UEFA found them guilty of breaching their Financial Fair Play regulations. But less than six months later the ban was overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. And Guardiola maintains his club have never done anything wrong. “We are lucky we live in a country where everyone is innocent until proven guilty,” he continued. “It seems like we have already been sentenced. What is going to happen, I don't know. We think we have good lawyers and we are going to defend our position. Time will depend what happens. We will see what a judge - the Premier League - decides. In the same way with UEFA, we are innocent. DON'T MISSGary Neville explains why he has performed sudden Arsenal title U-turnMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawlMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds draw   “The club, they talk to all of us. But we have trained like normal to get ready for Aston Villa. The last seven years have been for us, our fans and our people. The court will dictate what happens. I am fully convinced that we will be innocent. “Against 90 teams we are alone, that's for sure. We have to beat Aston Villa, like always we have done it. Nineteen clubs are not going to help us. We won the Premier League last season on the pitch. Let us defend [the charges]. If it happens, we will accept it. But like UEFA, we will defend.” Meanwhile, Guardiola has insisted he has no intentions of quitting his role following the charges. “I am not moving from this seat, I can assure you,” he added. “I want to stay more than ever. After many, many years in the Premier League I do not want to move on.”  