The Princess Royal travelled to New Zealand at the request of the New Zealand Army's Royal New Zealand Corps of Signals, of which she is Colonel in Chief, to attend its 100th anniversary celebrations. Princess Anne last visited New Zealand in 2010. On February 17, New Zealand time, Princess Anne lay a wreath on a memorial at Cathedral Square in Christchurch. For the event, Anne donned a bright yellow jacket with a wide collar and gold buttons. She combined this with a multicoloured skirt in a geometric and polka dot pattern. The colours on the skirt blurred into one another and were blue, green, yellow, orange, black, and white. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims The skirt reached Anne's knees and she didn't seem to be wearing tights - or they were nude ones. She complered the look with a black saddle bag, which she carried over her left shoulder, and a pair of black, heeled Mary Janes. As for accessories, Anne wore various gold jewellery pieces, such as a brooch pinned to her left lapel. This matched the gold chain around her neck and a chunky gold bracelet on her right wrist. On her left wrist, she wore a watch with a thick, leather strap. The Princess also wore a pair of tiny, diamond-shaped earrings, which were also gold. She has worn these on many past occasions. Her hair was in its usual updo style, and she wore minimal make-up. Anne has worn a lot of yellow during her trip in New Zealand. On February 15, she was at t Pukeahu National War Memorial in Wellington. She also spoke at the Service of Remembrance. For the slew of events, she donned a bright yellow coat with a navy blue collar, over a navy blue dress. READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' But what stood out was her brooch: a gold, star-shaped jewel. Diamond expert, Maxwell Stone from Steven Stone analysed the brooch, saying: “Princess Anne’s brooch appears to be a yellow gold, interwoven heirloom. "Interestingly, the yellow gold doesn’t shine, which suggests that it’s brushed or matte. "Though she’s worn it at events, including Royal Ascot in 2009 and to a garden party at Hillsborough Castle in 2022, there’s little information out there about this particular brooch." The diamond expert continued: "Though it’s unknown who gifted the piece to Princess Anne and if it represents anything specifically, stars burst with symbolism and represent motivation, guidance, protection, wishes and spirituality. "This makes the brooch a particularly sentimental choice by the Princess Royal that reflects her caring character, as she’s visiting the country during the aftermath of a devastating cyclone." The jewel does not come cheap, however, as the expert gave a rough estimate of its value. Mr Stone claimed: "I’d value the interesting piece at £25,000." The shape of a five-pointed star is said to represent a divine symbol of oneness, making the brooch a unifying choice for the Princess Royal.