Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand has told Erik ten Hag that he has seven leaders in his squad that make up the new Red Devils’ spine amid their impressive run of form. Since the Dutchman’s arrival in the summer, he has overhauled the club and managed to get United in a title race as they currently sit just five points behind Premier League leaders Arsenal. Casemiro and Lisandro Martinez have especially proven to be valuable additions while Marcus Rashford’s resurgence has spearheaded the attack of a side that looks completely different to the United of the previous campaign. Ferdinand claims that one of the major differences between Ten Hag’s United side and the underperforming squads of recent years is the numerous leaders in the side, as he named seven of them. "At United, what we've been crying out for over the years is character, leaders," Ferdinand told Vibe with FIVE. "Not a leader or a character, you want a number of them. You look through the team now, David De Gea, character, Luke Shaw has come back from the dead with other managers and now he’s a mainstay. The two centre-halves, Martinez and [Raphael] Varane, are leaders. "Casemiro, I don't have to say anything about him. Bruno [Fernandes] is leading and got the armband, Rashford’s leading by example with the confidence and the goals. The spine of the team has characters and because they're starting to win and built confidence and form, you're starting to see the best of it and that's all backed and pushed by management.” Ferdinand claimed that the shift in the atmosphere at the club was visible when he recently visited United's Carrington training ground complex. "The vibes at Carrington and Old Trafford have changed dramatically,” Ferdinand added. “When you walk in there, I’ve had very very negative vibes over the years, it's been quite negative when I've walked through the corridors and I walked through there today and, you know when you've got a little smile, I was on my own walking back out and I stood there and smiled a little bit.  "I can sense something happening now, I don’t know what it is and what it is going to get to but the ambience is very different, the confidence throughout the place. "The confidence isn't about the players alone, it's the staff. I can sense with the staff that they’re confident, happy to be at work every day, and that's all been generated by Erik ten Hag and his team.” All seven of Ferdinand’s named leaders are currently fit and available for Ten Hag as he will hope that their impressive run of form can continue next at home to Barcelona after drawing 2-2 away in the first Europa League tie, before then taking on Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final as the Dutch boss aims to win the first piece of silverware possible in England.