A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton received a recommendation from none other than Strictly Come Dancing host Tess Daly to visit the Rixos hotels across the UAE. The star began her holiday at the Rixos Palm in Dubai, before journeying to nearby Abu Dhabi to continue the luxury experience at the chain's hotel on Saadiyat Island. She modelled some seriously skimpy shorts while enjoying the service at the island idyll, which is located 500 miles off the coast of Abu Dhabi. The property presenter benefitted from first class views of the Arabian Gulf from her bedroom window, while she also had access to the hotel's exclusive private beach. Her Instagram Stories caption said it all as she marvelled: "Our first time in Abu Dhabi and this is INCREDIBLE @rixospremiumsaadiyat." Laura gave viewers a grand tour of her luxurious bedroom, followed by the breakfast buffet and some sweet treats that a butler had hand delivered to her room. READ NOW: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap Laura could next be seen prancing down the beach in a pale blue bikini, following time spent by the pool. However, even if it looks as though she's been doing nothing more than soaking up the sun, the presenter has been practising her fitness training with serious intent. Yesterday, she uploaded footage of her young son Rocco attentively standing by her side ready to help as she lifted hefty-looking weights from a reclining position on the sand. She also admitted she had been enjoying "Aperol Hour" after her exercise efforts, clutching a drink by the beach and enthusing about the "chilled tunes" coming from the resort's speakers. Laura's trip comes after she split from her husband of 10 years, Alex Goward. The pair permanently parted ways last year and will be co-parenting their two children, Rocco and Tahlia. They have cooperated well together in the aftermath of their separation, and Alex even flew out to help babysit the kids on a previous work trip she undertook to film A Place in the Sun. He doesn't seem to be present this time, but Laura is enjoying the sunshine-soaked break with her kids nonetheless. DON'T MISS... JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [DEBATE] Brooklyn Beckham mocked as he surprises wife Nicola in just a towel [PICTURES] Liz Hurley astounds fans in totally nude Valentine's Day photoshoot [VALENTINE'S DAY]  "My first time in Abu Dhabi and super grateful to have Rocco, Tahlia and [best friend] Shelley along for the ride!" she enthused on Instagram. She's been modelling for luxury swimwear brand Naia Beach during her stay, which was founded by Tess Daly and her pal Gayle Lawton. Lounging on the beach contentedly while clad in their clothing, Laura thanked the pair for "recommending such an amazing place" and vowed she would be "living in @naia_beach all week". True to her word, she has been showing off her sense of style in two emirates already over the last few days. On Monday, she showed off a skimpy zebra-patterned bikini in one photoshoot, and a bright red halterneck bralet. She took some time out to join a trampolining class with Tahlia, which had mother and daughter both sporting huge grins. Then today she modelled a turquoise blue bikini, before driving fans wild in a pair of ultra-skimpy shorts. Overall, Laura looks to be thoroughly enjoying her latest dose of winter sun.