The youngster has been through a hard year, going through early menopause at just 20. While she was upset after discovering she couldn't have children, Faye (played by Ellie Leach) does already have a child she doesn't see. When she was just 13, the long-term Coronation Street character gave birth to a baby girl, Miley. While she hasn't seen the child for years, she might be tempted to reunite with her after an invite from Miley's father, who looks after her full-time. However, after making her decision, Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) intervenes. Could this lead to further struggles for Faye? Faye gave birth to Miley in 2015, but she found motherhood to be a struggle and was unable to bond with her daughter. She later made the decision to give her up to her father, Jackson Hodge (Rhys Cadman). Faye hasn't seen her daughter for years, but spoilers for the ITV soap indicate she will feel torn when asked if she'd like to visit her. In upcoming scenes, Faye decides to confide in Sally that Jackson has made contact. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale She explains her ex asked if she'd like to visit the pair of them and is unsure what to do. The Coronation Street favourite details her thoughts to Sally about how she had come to terms with never being a mother due to her menopause and she doesn’t want to run the risk of stirring up her feelings by seeing Miley. Later, with Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell) busy, Sally offers to look after Michael Bailey's (Ryan Russell) young daughter, Glory (Eleanor Beckles). Pretending she has to nip out for something, Sally leaves Faye with Glory. When she returns later, she finds them playing together and hopes her plan has worked. However, could Sally's meddling cause further frustration for Faye? With Jackson wanting Miley to be back in Faye's life, it's possible the youngster will be reminded that she can't have any more children. It could be that she is trying to keep Miley away so she won't have to come to terms with that reality before she's ready to. DON'T MISS... Four in a Bed owners left seething over 'disgusting' feedback [LATEST]Danny Dyer says he 'smelt of a***' filming final EastEnders scenes [INTERVIEW]Ant and Dec show in chaos as Alison Hammond 'nearly walks' from prank [VIDEO] Sally probably feels Faye should have a relationship with her daughter, but it may be more complicated than she realises. However, it could end up being the case that Sally's plan does encourage Faye to meet with Miley. Perhaps she will enjoy catching up with her and Jackson - but could she be tempted to try to get custody? She may feel she has missed out on enough of Miley's life if she starts to see her again and decide she'd like to be a permanent presence. After years with Jackson though, it's likely the situation could turn ugly if this happens. Could Sally's interfering open up a can of worms Faye has been trying to avoid? Sally is known for getting involved in situations with the best intentions but often stirring up trouble. Will Faye decide to finally reunite with Miley after so many years apart? Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.