Gemma Atkinson is set to welcome a baby boy with Strictly Come Dancing star Gorka Marquez later this year. The former Emmerdale actress and the professional dancer are already parents to daughter, Mia, three. In January, Gemma, 38, and Gorka, 32, shared their happy news on Instagram with a sweet post of her showing off her growing baby bump. She wrote in the caption: "Impossible to hide my belly any longer. I’ve officially 'popped.' Our baby boy will be joining our family later this year." The star continued: "We feel so incredibly blessed and grateful to be on this journey again. Mia is absolutely thrilled! Although we may need to do some negotiating on names, as so far she’s adamant he’s going to be called Barbie." However, the fitness enthusiast took to her Instagram stories today and shared a shocking Twitter thread with her 1.8 million followers. READ MORE: Dan Walker's biggest Valentine’s Day mistake with rarely seen wife  She shared a screenshot of an online troll who mocked her appearance, claiming she has now got "tubby". Social media user, Trader, wrote: "She's looking a bit tubby now." Trotter replied: "She is pregnant again." Trader then commented: "No reason to let herself go." Gemma hit back: "This was in a Twitter thread about me recently. Looking tubby and letting myself go. Obv I will always get this stuff. Pregnant or not. "To any woman feeling a little insecure or self conscious due to changes in pregnancy, remember what your body is doing is remarkable!" She continued: "And it's something a lot of women are sat wishing and praying for. "Embrace the changes. My cellulite on my a**e is ten fold at the minute! My boobs are massive and I struggle to put my shoes on. DON'T MISS... Stacey Dooley shares first look of baby Minnie with beau Kevin Clifton[LATEST]Laura Hamilton sparks rumours of reconciliation with ex-husband[INSTGARAM]Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death[VIDEO] "But I'm growing and creating life. My son. And for that blessing I'll take all of the above and more. Including the p***ks on Twitter." Gemma has been sticking to her exercise routines as the Hits Radio presenter shared videos of her home workouts. She later took time to respond to a fan who asked if she planned to give birth naturally. Gemma replied: "I'm asked this a lot and its one of the first questions I asked my midwife, if it was possible after last time and she said it was. It's what I'm hoping and praying for but I know from experience its mainly the baby that plans birth and not us!" She went on: "I envisioned me in water, natural, with music playing. I got an emergency C-section and postpartum haemorrage. "But we're [Mia] both here and both healthy so it was a success. I'm currently thinking if I get a natural birth, great. "If I don't, it's not my first rodeo with mayhem, C-sections and blood so I'm prepared either way, which in a way, makes both options ok." Gemma added: "That's my silver lining."  