Manchester United and Marcus Rashford's recent form in front of goal puts Chelsea to shame and only hammers home the pressure on Graham Potter. The Blues have won just one game out of 11 in 2023 and have barely given their fans a goal to cheer. Potter is facing calls to be sacked following the wretched run. The Chelsea board have so far given their full support to the 47-year-old but how long that lasts remains to be seen. United, meanwhile, are in their best position for years. They won the Carabao Cup on Sunday to end their long wait for silverware and are in with a chance of winning the three other competitions they entered this season. A statistic revealed by OptaJoe only emphasises the vast difference between the fortunes of Chelsea and United this season. Potter's side have struggled in front of goal in particular. Since November 6, they have scored just six goals in 15 matches. That is the fewest a team in England's top four divisions has scored. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Arteta reacts to Potter comments amid Chelsea sack pressure  In contrast, United have scored a staggering 50 goals in that time. They have played seven more matches than the Blues but their goal-per-game ratio is vastly different. United average 2.27 goals per game in their last 22 matches. Chelsea are way down at just 0.4 goals per game. Rashford's own statistics only put Chelsea further to shame. He has played in each of the 22 matches, scoring 18 goals. That means on his own he has scored three times the amount Chelsea have as a team since November 6. It makes grim reading for Potter and Chelsea fans. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumesBenni McCarthy played role in Sir Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snubArsenal could sign three PSG stars with owners 'looking to slash £645m wage bill'  Owner Todd Boehly has ploughed over £600million into new signings in two transfer windows in charge. But so far Potter has been unable to find the recipe for success on the pitch. Tottenham were the latest team to pile more misery on Potter. They ran out 2-0 winners in north London on Sunday at a stadium Chelsea previously had a good record. Potter says he doesn't have the answer to solving their goalscoring issues yet. He said: "I think it’s a combination of a few things. "It’s an easy question to ask – and not a bad question at all – it’s not the easiest one to answer either. Sometimes you go through moments when you create chances and don’t score them, which we had against Dortmund and Southampton. "As a team, we’ve not quite there in how we want it to look and function in a good way. And scoring goals is the difficult part of the game." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 