Speaking on The Graham Norton Show, the award-winning actress 88, admitted that learning lines has become somewhat of a struggle for her now due to her health.     She said: “It has become impossible and because I have a photographic memory, I need to find a machine that not only teaches me my lines but also tells me where they appear on the page. “I used to find it very easy to learn lines and remember them.” The actress added: “I could do the whole of Twelfth Night right now.” READ MORE: Bruce Willis' family announce he has been diagnosed with dementia    The Oscar-winning actress recently revealed that she has Advanced Macular Degeneration.   It’s a disease that affects the middle part of a person’s vision and is common among those in middle age.   The condition causes the gradual loss of vision, but those affected will not lose their sight completely.   Dame Judi often speaks out about the condition.   In 2021, she spoke for the Vision Foundation Sight Loss charity and said she had found alternative ways of learning lines.   This included her having friends repeat her lines to her in order to learn scripts when she was cast in films.     The actress, who appears on the show with Hugh Jackman, Black Panther star Michael B Jordan, Michael Douglas and Canadian actor Eugene Levy, made the startling confession while promoting her latest film Allelujah!   On Friday night’s show, Judi said that the heartwarming film is a tribute to the NHS and described making the movie as “heaven to do".   DONT MISS: Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [INSIGHT] Raquel Welch was much more than just a sex symbol [LATESE] Piers Morgan says Raquel Welch made U-turn after inviting him to suite [NEWS]   The James Bond star said of the film: “It is a big cheer for the NHS.”   “We have to be reminded of that, I think. It has come out at a very good time.”   Dame Judi also spoke about her time as a leading lady on the West End stage and her love for musical theatre.   She spoke fondly about her time starring as Sally Bowes in the West End premiere of Cabaret in the '60s.   Talking to an amused crowd, the thespian said: “It was at the Palace Theatre and my dressing room was below ground with a bit of a window.   “I could hear people walking by and one woman said, ‘Judi Dench in a musical?   “'No one will go to see that one, no one!’” The Graham Norton Show, BBC One, Friday 17th February 10.40pm. Also available on BBC iPlayer. 