It can sometimes be hard to find a pillow that you love, but when you do, you want to keep it as long as possible. So it’s good to know that you don’t have to replace it if you start to detect a few unsightly stains and odour — that’s probably just a bit of sweat that can be easily washed away. A spokesperson from Elkie and Ark has shared how pillows can be cleaned with and without a washing machine. When washing a pillow without a washing machine, households will need a cup of white vinegar, a quarter cup of borax (can substitute for baking soda) and four teaspoons of washing up liquid. The expert said: “To remove yellow stains from pillows, soak them in hot water with vinegar, borax, and dishwashing detergent. “The blemishes are removed, perspiration smells are eliminated, and the pillow fabric is softened with distilled white vinegar. “Baking soda may be used in place of borax, which also functions as a natural bleach and stain remover. On the other hand, the dish soap gets rid of the body plus hair oils.” READ MORE: ‘Break down’ toilet limescale with 47p item for ‘spotless’ results Begin by filling a bucket with hot water and adding vinegar, washing up liquid, and borax (or baking soda). Stir the ingredients together well. Use the suggested measurement, as the expert warned that using more or less might have “unfavourable outcomes”. They said: “Follow these steps, which dissolve the chemical bonds between the greasy residue and the fabric to get your pillow white again.” Then add the pillows to the concoction. Use your hands to vigorously stir the liquid with the pillow to ensure it is completely submerged. It is advised to store one to two times with an hour gap. To get the combination to operate on even the “worst stains”, let the pillow soak all night. Remove the pillows from the mixture after 12 to 24 hours, wring out any extra liquid, and afterward hand wash in fresh water. DON'T MISS5 ‘must-have’ low maintenance plants for ‘colourful’ winter gardens [EXPERT]Five ‘red flags’ for house buyers to avoid ‘serious issues’ [COMMENT]Three ‘natural home remedies’ to ‘effectively’ get rid of bed bugs [TIPS] To remove any remaining stains, rub them with dishwashing soap. This method will remove “most stains”, according to the pro. After, run a clean, cold water rinse over the pillow. Alternatively, you might wash the pillows in the washing machine after squeezing out any extra liquid. The expert said: “To make your linen sparkle, use the washing and rinse cycle.” To avoid any mould or mildew growing on the pillow, hang it up in a cool place to air dry. Most pillows are machine washable, although some need to be dry cleaned or spot cleaned as the fabrics of these pillows can be destroyed when it gets washed in a washing machine. Check the label on your pillow to see if it can go in the washing machine. READ MORE: 3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach For this method, households will need a cup of white vinegar, a quarter cup of baking soda, two teaspoons of washing up liquid and a quarter cup of liquid or powder laundry detergent. Begin by place laundry detergent powder and baking soda in the washing machine drawer compartment. Use the appropriate amount of baking because adding more than a quarter cup might cause your bedding to respond negatively, says the pro. Set your washing machine’s temperature to its highest position and directly add the liquid washing soap to the water. Fill the softener dispenser with the vinegar. You just need a half cup of vinegar to clean a set of linens and pillows. If washing many pairs, add extra. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Then add the pillow to the washing machine and select a regular wash cycle. After washing your pillows, dry them by hanging them outside or using a dryer. Once dried, households will have “fresh-looking, clean” pillows. While the pillow is the issue, you can suffer from dirty pillowcases. People wash their pillowcases but neglect to clean them, which become soiled over time. This implies that the pillowcases can start to get soiled. Therefore, think about washing the pillows at least every six months to prevent perspiration accumulation that might draw germs and bacteria. For those who notice stains on their pillows, soak them right away to prevent permanent stains. The sooner you deal with dry stains, the better because they are more difficult to remove.