People have been left in tears following a series of blunders by workmen on water pipes. Residents have dealt with flooding in their homes and on their driveways for more than two months, despite the problem being attended to six times.  Jackie Shaw and her husband, who live on New Road in Hilton, Derbyshire, came home to find their wallpaper soaked and peeling off the walls. The couple were forced to make mini-trenches on their paving slabs to direct the water to their drain and away from their house. Daniel Smith and his grandma live next door, and were left unable to shower or warm the house after their boiler broke in the height of the cold snap, which they claim was connected to the disruption. He told Derbyshire Live: "It's been crazy. How many weeks do we have to deal with this for? There's not been one 'sorry'." The issues began on December 6 when a leak was spotted on a driveway. The residents reported it to South Staffordshire Water (SSW). But when workers came to repair it, it is claimed that they broke the gas pipe, affecting Daniel's boiler. Work on the water pipe was subsequently stopped temporarily for health and safety reasons. A week later the gas pipe was fixed, but those workers then, residents claim, concreted over the hole in the ground without the water pipe being fixed. The flooding continued. That concrete had to be dug up again and a water pipe reconnected which seemed to solve the problem. But a separate issue with a "bodged" manhole just outside the driveways, which one worker allegedly tried to fix by "stamping on it" to make it flush, kicked it all off again. It has caused unprecedented stress for everyone involved. At one point, Jackie, 64, was emptying "eight buckets of water every 20 minutes" from her porch to try to mitigate the problem. She said: "I'm fed up with it. Why don't they send someone out to fix it properly, instead of all this messing about? It's stupid and ridiculous and disgusting in this day and age." Daniel, 32, paid £500 for a replacement boiler in the wake of the gas pipe damage. He emailed SSW to explain the situation in the hope they'd offer to pay, but they said that the breakage was an "act of God" and not their fault. He has also been on the phone to them 18 times. Express Online has contacted South Staffordshire Water for comment.