WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Unforgotten.Two years after DCI Cassie Stuart (played by Nicola Walker) was unexpectedly killed off, Unforgotten is back for season five. There will be a new detective stepping into her shoes to work alongside DI Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) and another cold case to delve into. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about watching Unforgotten season five on ITV. Unforgotten is making a comeback with season five ready to make its debut on Monday, February 27, at 9pm on ITV. All four previous series have consisted of six episodes each and season five will be no different with six new instalments to get excited about. Unlike other shows on the network, Unforgotten's latest series isn't going to be available to watch as a box set on its streaming service on ITVX. Instead, viewers are going to have to wait every week to find out what happens next. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis A new instalment of Unforgotten will be released weekly in the same time slot on ITV. Assuming there aren't going to be any changes to the schedule, the finale should come out on Monday, April 3. It is only after episode six airs that all of season five will be ready to watch on ITVX so no spoilers come out beforehand. What fans will be interested to see this time around as newbie Sinéad Keenan joins the cast. Keenan may be recognised from shows such as The Tudors, Three Families, Being Human, Little Boy Blue and Showtrial which came out in October 2021 on BBC One. She is behind DCI Jessie James in Unforgotten, who will act as Cassie's replacement following her tragic death in season four. The new series will begin just before her first day on the job when a devastating event takes place involving her family life. Nevertheless, she is determined to make a good impression on her new colleagues, knowing how well-respected her predecessor was. DON'T MISS...Father Brown star Mark Williams admits he made fan cry  [REACTION]Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series [CAST]Unforgotten's Sinead Keenan insists newcomer 'different' to Cassie [EXPLAINER] This time around, the team discovers human remains in a newly renovated period property in Hammersmith. It seems the murder could have taken place sometime in the 1930s but the body had been disposed of more recently so there's a lot of questions that need answering. Is Jessie going to be up to the challenge though, despite having a difficult time in her personal life? Actor Sanjeev Bhaskar spoke about how this case differs from previous ones in Unforgotten. He explained: “The interesting thing about this series for me was that this was the widest range of ages of suspects that we’ve seen in any series. "That felt very, very different. Before, it’s been very specific, the age group of people that we’ve had - whereas this one, it really is from someone young to someone quite old. "And that was very interesting. As I read the script and that unfolded, that was fascinating to watch. "And again, fascinating, too, because people bring different energies. There’s a kind of youthful energy, both good and bad, that comes into play.” Unforgotten season five premieres on Monday, February 27, at 9pm on ITV.