Leeds United are set to confirm Javi Gracia as Jesse Marsch's successor two weeks after the American was axed. With the Whites in Premier League relegation danger, the Spaniard has reportedly only been offered a short-term deal after a host of preferable managerial targets fell by the wayside. Marsch was given his marching orders earlier this month following a 1-0 defeat away to newly-promoted Nottingham Forest. Under-21s coach Michael Skubala has taken caretaker charge in the meantime, and his stint has lasted longer than many expected as a calamitous replacement plan unfolded in the background. A number of Leeds' top targets proved unattainable as approaches for West Bromwich Albion boss Carlos Corberan, Rayo Vallecano manager Andoni Iraola and Feyenoord's Arne Slot all fell short. Recently-sacked former Ajax manager Alfred Schreuder also came close to joining, only for the club to pull the plug after negative fan reaction. Gracia and Rafa Benitez emerged as the new front-runners earlier this week, and reports now indicate that Gracia is expected in Yorkshire on Tuesday to complete his appointment. DON'T MISS: Arsenal face Youri Tielemans dilemma after Erik ten Hag gesture According to The Athletic, he will initially only be given a contract until the end of the season with just 15 Premier League games remaining to fire Leeds way to safety. Such a short-term proposal suggests that club's hierarchy are yet to be convinced about Gracia as a long-term option at Elland Road. It also hammers home the point that Leeds missed out on several of their top managerial targets, who surely would have been given lengthier contracts upon arrival in the Premier League. Gracia is an esteemed manager in his own right, boasting names such as Malaga, Valencia and Watford on his CV. READ MORE...Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandLeeds 'may yet return' for Loftus-Cheek after Jesse Marsch interestWest Ham 'decide stance on sacking David Moyes' after Tottenham defeat  The 52-year-old's most recent managerial post was with Saudi Arabian side Al Sadd, where he replaced Barcelona legend Xavi in the dugout in 2021. The incoming Leeds boss led them to the league title a few months later, but was replaced shortly afterwards by a prominent former member of Pep Guardiola's backroom staff, Juanma Lillo. His stint at Watford was generally positive as he led them to a respectable 11th-place finish in 2018/19, reaching an FA Cup final in the same season. He was sacked after a slow start in the following campaign, with many feeling that his dismissal from Vicarage Road was harsh as the Hornets went on to be relegated anyway.  If Gracia's appointment goes through as expected, his first match at the helm will be a monumental one as Leeds welcome fellow relegation strugglers Southampton to Elland Road on Saturday afternoon. The Saints, under new management of their own, will come into the clash on a high after interim boss Ruben Selles masterminded a stunning victory over Chelsea at the weekend. Defeat for the Whites would see them drop to the foot of the table.