CODA star Troy Kotsur was the man tasked with presenting the award on Sunday evening with the help of an interpreter. After the BAFTA nominees were announced, it was declared to the star-studded audience in attendance that She Said’s Carey Mulligan had bagged the award. However, the mood soon took a turn when it was revealed that Carey wasn’t the winner, but rather The Banshees of Inisherin’s Kerry Condon was the rightful winner. Troy realised just moments after it was announced that Carey had been announced the winner that something was wrong. Carey was beaming as she began to soak up the applause only for it to be taken away from her within seconds. It was soon clarified that Kerry was the rightful winner of the award and she soon made her way onto the stage while Carey remained in her seat. The moment was edited out of BBC One’s broadcast of the ceremony but Kerry addressed the blunder when she got off stage with the award. READ MORE: Kate Middleton wows in white with black gloves at BAFTAs “They called out Carey Mulligan and I was like, 'Oh my god what the f**k’,” she told The Mirror. But Kerry took it all in her stride as she added: “But I don’t care, I just won it. “I'm so shocked I can’t believe I won. I’ll be looking at this for the rest of my life.” The publication also reports one attendee at the ceremony overheard organisers brand the mistake “a disaster”. Kerry also pipped Angela Bassett, Hong Chau, Jamie Lee Curtis and Dolly De Leon to the award. During the broadcast, Kerry didn’t address the mix-up but did admit to Alison she was baffled when she was announced. Joining fellow winner Barry Keoghan backstage, Alison asked: “What did it feel like when you found out that you’d won a BAFTA?” Kerry replied: “I really - I almost didn’t hear until I saw everyone looking at me.  “It was more when I saw the cast and everyone looking at me in the line and they’re going, ‘Get up, get moving!’ Despite the mix-up, a number of BAFTAs viewers were pleased Kerry ended up winning the award. Taking to Twitter, Niall James wrote: “Kerry Condon seems to be so lovely and absolutely deserved to win Best Supporting Actress #BAFTAs." While Anthony N Puton agreed: “Kerry and Barry!!!! Get in there!!!! #BAFTA2023 #BAFTAs #BAFTA."  This was echoed by @VBG_10 who wrote: “Kerry Condon deserved best supporting actress. #BAFTA #BAFTAs #BAFTAs2023." And @Laughfrodisiac concurred: “OMG YESSS KERRY CONDON!!! #BAFTAs." Finally, Clare Royal admitted: “I’m surprised it wasn’t Angela Bassett but Kerry Condon still deserved it.  All the nominees for Best Supporting Actress did.  I’m sure Angela will get the Oscar. #BAFTAs." The BAFTAs 2023 are available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.