Phalaenopsis orchids are one of the longest blooming orchid species, and can flower for up to six months, if cared for correctly. They may even bloom multiple times in a year if they receive the right maintenance, including placing an orchid in the correct location, watering the houseplant when it needs hydrating and watering with the right temperature. According to indoor plant experts, not doing these care steps can result in a stressed or dead orchid. According to houseplant experts at Baby Bio®, orchids should be placed in an ideal location within the home, preferably a place with indirect sunlight. The pros said: “Like all plants, sunlight is essential to allow your orchid to convert light into energy, and in turn produce an orchid’s beautiful blooms. “Most orchids thrive in bright but indirect sunlight, so east or west-facing window sills are ideal for most of the year.” During winter, this houseplant should be moved to a south-facing window if possible, due to there being less natural light available. READ MORE: Three steps to effectively spray paint kitchen cabinets However, with the growing season just around the corner, it is essential Britons move their houseplants back to a sunny location, wiping the leaves gently to allow it to photosynthesise. Some varieties do prefer full sun, such as vandal orchids, so it is also important to check which variety and its requirements before bringing it home. Without adequate sunlight, owners can expect some growth but without any flowers. Insufficient light is the most common reason for failure to bloom so it is crucial to ensure it has enough sun. Orchids are highly sensitive to root rot, leaving an orchid with droopy leaves, flowers dropping off as well as soggy soil. DON'T MISS:Five common lawn ‘mistakes’ to avoid making now [COMMENT]Five steps to correctly paint your garden fence this spring [EXPERT]I used baking soda to clean discoloured bathroom grout in 30 minutes [PICTURES] All of this can happen due to overwatering the houseplant, the number one killer of houseplants. Most indoor orchids need to be watered once a week at most, preferring to have slightly dry roots rather than too wet. According to the experts, watering “correctly” is “vital” when it comes to caring for an orchid. They explained: “You can tell if your orchid is over or under watered by looking at the roots. “If they appear soft and brown, this is a sign that they have been sat in water and not been able to effectively drain, causing root rot. “If they appear dry and shrivelled, this could indicate that they haven’t had enough water over a period of time, healthy roots will be firm, plump and white. READ MORE: Laundry expert shares seven steps to stop clothing going bobbly “Another easy way to tell is by inspecting the leaves - limp or yellow leaves is often a sign of overwatering, while wilted or wrinkled leaves suggests the orchid needs more water.” While many orchid owners may choose to use the ice trick method to water their plants, it can lead to stunted growth over a period of time. Water temperature is extremely important when hydrating an orchid as water too cold can shock the houseplant, leading to problems. The pros continued: “We recommend traditional watering from above using tepid water, as opposed to using ice cubes to cold tap water. If your orchid is potted in a grow pot, you can also water by filling the outer container with tepid water so that the whole compost in the pot is covered. “Leave to stand in the water for one hour, then drain off the water. Leave to drain for another hour to avoid it sitting in water, then put the water to one side, as this can be used to water your other houseplants.” Houseplant owners with softened water should be wary about using tap water though, as the salts could damage the plant. Instead opt for distilled or even rainwater to hydrate it. When the orchid has completely drained off all the water, replace the inner pot into the outer decorate pot and place it back in its original location. During the colder months of the year, the houseplant may benefit from being misted with tepid water to replicate its natural habitat.