While joining forces to set up a bank account, take out a loan, or apply for a mortgage can be convenient, it can come with drawbacks. Express.co.uk spoke to an expert to find out how sharing finances with a significant other can impact credit scores - and what to watch out for. James Jones, head of consumer affairs at Experian, told Express.co.uk: “Being married, living under the same roof or having the same surname does not affect your credit score, contrary to popular belief. However, things start to get a little more complicated when a couple forms a financial association.” A financial association happens when a person is linked with their significant other through a joint bank account, loan or mortgage. Mr Jones continued: “Once this has been set up, your credit report will start to show who you share finances with, and your actions could then start to impact each other’s credit applications.” Mr Jones said that it’s best for people to first compare their credit scores before doing this, as having a totally different score from the other person will likely indicate that each has a contrasting approach to money. READ MORE: 'Good' tip to reduce credit card debt and 'pay off money faster'  He continued: “It’s always best to think of your credit score as part of your relationship, in terms of the life you want to build together. The stronger your score is the more appealing your application will look to lenders, so ensure you and your partner are on the same wavelength when it comes to future money goals and aspirations.” But, Mr Jones added: “While consolidating your accounts may help simplify paperwork, it is not a decision to be taken lightly and there are a few little-known facts that are worth keeping in mind before taking the next step.” Here are four "little-known" ways that being in a relationship can have an impact on a credit score. Joint accounts mean joint responsibility Each individual will be responsible for all debt incurred in any joint credit account. DON'T MISS: Five things you might not realise are lowering your credit score [INSIGHT] Money expert's most common mistakes she sees people make with finances [EXPLAINED]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]  Mr Jones said: “Regardless of who incurs the debt, a missed payment on a joint account will appear on both you and your partner’s credit reports and could therefore affect applications either of you makes in the future.” Individual accounts may impact joint credit applications If either person misses a payment on their individual account, it may impact their ability to borrow both individually and jointly. Mr Jones said: “Make sure you are on top of both joint and individual payments and try your best not to miss a deadline. In case you do, try to repay back as soon as possible, to reduce the impact it may have on your credit report.” READ MORE: Rishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised'  Mr Jones said: “Regardless of who incurs the debt, a missed payment on a joint account will appear on both you and your partner’s credit reports and could therefore affect applications either of you makes in the future.” Individual accounts may impact joint credit applications If either person misses a payment on their individual account, it may impact their ability to borrow both individually and jointly. Mr Jones said: “Make sure you are on top of both joint and individual payments and try your best not to miss a deadline. In case you do, try to repay back as soon as possible, to reduce the impact it may have on your credit report.” People can have a joint credit account and an individual one Those who do decide to consolidate accounts might want to keep at least one credit account in their own name as a “safeguard” in the event of an emergency.   Mr Jones added: “While it may not be at the top of your mind now, keeping an individual account can also be helpful in the event of a breakup, as it can be a good basis for rebuilding your credit history.” People can financially disassociate themselves after a breakupWhile this might be the last thing a couple wants to think about, in the event of a breakup, people can financially disassociate themselves. Mr Jones said: “You should contact Experian and the other two main credit reference agencies (TransUnion and Equifax), which will cut the financial connection between you and whoever else you may have once shared a credit account with. “The sooner you do this the better, so you can avoid any further impact on your credit score. You can usually do this quite quickly online via the agencies’ websites.” 