Rishi Sunak's wife today cooed over children as she stepped out with her husband in a rare joint appearance. Mr Sunak and Akshata Murty met parents, babies and toddlers during a visit to promote the new "family hubs" programme. The £300million programme will be rolled out in communities, with hubs offering support from conception through to age 19, or up to 25 for children with special education needs and disabilities. During the visit on Thursday, the couple spoke to mums and dads at the St Austell Family Hub in Cornwall who have completed a parenting skills course. One mother spoke about her anxiety about becoming a parent and said the hub staff really helped with her confidence. She told the Prime Minister: "I was a bit anxious in myself and as a parent, I felt I had a job to do and I felt like I couldn't do my job. "But I knew that wasn't the case. They were really, really helpful." Another parent said: "I was anxious about asking for help and not doing a good job." Mr Sunak asked one mother: "What was the thing you found most helpful in the support?" She replied: "I think the one-to-one sessions I had was really helpful and someone is always there at the end of a phone." Another parent spoke of the difficulties of raising a child with additional needs and said the hub helped with making her feel less isolated. The Prime Minister replied: "That's the thing about finding parents in a similar situation and talking things through together." Mr Sunak and Ms Murty also joined a health visitor review where parent Giselle was with her two sons, Brody, aged two, and six-month-old Seth. Ms Murty, who looked smart in a black outfit, talked about the 18-month age gap between the children. Giselle replied: "Hopefully they are going to share the same things." Meanwhile, the Prime Minister joined in with a tower Brody was building out of blocks. He encouraged the tot, saying: "You are doing it all, look at that. We are running out of bricks." Ms Murty added: "I still remember doing it with our two." The couple also spent some time at a stay-and-play group at the hub chatting with mothers and playing with their young children. It comes after the PM recently admitted he is "100 percent" punching above his weight with his wife during an interview with TalkTV's Piers Morgan. 