Moss will grow on almost any surface in the right conditions. Over time, airborne particles such as dust and dirt will combine with the sand in the joints to create a perfect place for moss to thrive. Shady spots, humid conditions, damp areas and periods of prolonged wet weather all will accelerate growth. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have taken to a dedicated page on Facebook to respond to one gardener’s paving dilemma. Eva Halloran wrote: “Hi, really hoping someone can help. I’ve a massive backway full of yellow/black stubborn moss! Has anyone any idea as to how to get rid of it?” While there are shop-bought moss removing products available in stores, this issue can be combated with an item most will have in their home already - washing powder. According to gardeners, this common household item, the same stuff you use to wash your clothes, can be used as an “effective” treatment for moss on gravel surfaces. Mary Condor said: “My gravel driveway was covered in moss and I used washing powder. It’s cheap, effective and it can be used without having to scrub as the rain does all the work.” READ MORE: February gardening jobs that ‘must’ be completed - what to prune Margaret Mccreary commented: “Sprinkle cheap washing powder when ground is dry. Leave it there and let the rain do the job.” Kylie Absolom said: “No scrubbing involved if you use laundry powder. Works every time, even on stubborn areas.” Vanessa Clough advised: “Pour washing powder in a basin, lots of it with water. Throw it over and leave. No scrubbing needed, it's so easy and lifts all that green stuff.” Linda Waddington added: “I had the same problem and being in a huge area was also a problem. DON'T MISS 5 ‘must-have’ low maintenance plants for ‘colourful’ winter gardens [EXPERT]Heating specialist shares how to avoid £300 log burner fine [INSIGHT]5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [TIPS] “I used a box of biodegradable washing powder. Just sprinkle over the moss and leave! That was two years ago and it’s never returned.” This method is cheap, doesn’t cause damage to paving surfaces, and is safe to use around lawns and plants as it won’t cause any lasting damage. All you have to do is spread some washing powder on the mossy areas, and you’re done. Households don’t even have to wash it away as the rain will take care of it, so it wouldn’t be such a terrible idea to pick a time when the weather forecasts rain. READ MORE: ‘Inexpensive’ tip to kill ‘unsightly’ mould when painting a wall However, washing powder takes three to four days to kill the moss, so it’s not really time-sparing for those looking for a quick fix. You can also mix washing powder with water and spray it over the moss affected area. Leave it to soak for some time, and after the moss has started to change colour, this means it’s dying, and you can go ahead and rinse the patio with warm water. Then, all you should do is take out a hard bristle brush and remove the dead moss. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other Mrs Hinch fans prefer using shop-bought cleaners, in particular Wet and Forget Mould Lichen and Algae Remover. Steph Martin said: “Definitely Wet and Forget, it does take a wee while to do its magic.” Pauline Knight commented: “Wet and Forget without a doubt.” Brenda May Allenby replied: “Wet and Forget is brilliant. “It takes a couple of months to see a difference. Mine was much worse than yours and it’s clear now after about six months.”