The National Lottery has allegedly "palmed off" an "out of pocket" mother who claims she never received her winnings. Gemma Murray struck lucky last October after using the lotto brand’s app with her mum but has been left empty-handed despite following up with the company. Gemma told the Liverpool Echo she was promised £30 by the company by November but the pair "still haven’t had it". Although the amount is small compared to the billions the company gives out each year, she warned in a hypothetical scenario she could’ve been left without a lot more. She said she is "at the point" where the problem isn’t about the money but "the principle". Gemma said: "Every month when we get paid, me and my mum put the lottery on for the month. READ MORE: Elvis Presley's private jet sells for £216,000 at auction /news/us/1735268   "She won three numbers - £30 - so I withdrew it from the account and we were told we'd get it by November 2, but we still haven't had it." Gemma said she has spoken to National Lottery who said the bank had been unable to trace it. But she added the bank "can't find any trace through any of my statements". "They told me last Friday it must be there but the bank has no evidence of it." According to The National Lottery, the money has been successfully moved to Gemma’s account. They claim the company in charge of debit card transactions has confirmed this.  Don't miss... US and China already in Cold War as negotiations 'not plausible' [LATEST] Dozens of cows could all have caught same lethal virus [LATEST] King 'played a blinder' over Harry and Meghan Coronation issue–expert [LATEST]  But Gemma’s bank would have to contact the lotto company in writing to trace the payment, which it said it wouldn’t do. She said: "It's been an absolute nightmare, we've been back and forth and I'm constantly calling them and they are palming me off. "I must've called 100 times and I'm at the point now where it's not even the money, it's the principle. "Imagine if it was £800, I do the hot picks so what if it was my three numbers? We've had no problems in the past but it's doing my head in. I've had to give it my mum so now I'm out of pocket. My point I'm trying to make to them is surely they have a better way to deal with these issues." The National Lottery reportedly told Gemma she will be contacted by customer support, who will do what they can to help the situation.  