Drivers of caravans damaged by potholes face enormous charges, with the average cost per incident reaching £3,912. This figure is almost 50 percent more than any other type of claim, with experts calling on drivers to ensure they are covered. Pothole claims make up around three percent of all claims submitted but are significantly more costly than the average claim. In fact, damage caused by a pothole-related incident costs 50 percent more than the average caravan claim amount of £2,612.40. Specialist caravan insurer Ripe Insurance analysed two years of internal data and found that pothole-related claims have an average cost of £3,912.18. This includes motorway crashes, roof fractures and damage to the wheel arches. READ MORE: Drivers warned of safety dashcams that could lead to dangerous driving The figures come in the lead-up to this year’s February half-term, when many families will hit the road with their touring caravan for the first time since the big winter freeze. Potholes continue to be a concern on UK roads, with recent AA statistics showing that more than 1.5 million potholes were reported on local roads alone between April 2018 and June 2021. John Woosey, the founder of Ripe Insurance, commented on the threat that caravan owners face when out on the road. He said: “For caravan owners, potholes are not just a nuisance; they’re a dangerous and – as our data shows, costly - an issue that won't be going away anytime soon.  DON'T MISS Electric car experts warn drivers not to fall for EV charging myths [INSIGHT] Simple car insurance tip allows drivers to save as much as £65 a year [REVEAL] DVLA issues urgent driving licence warning to motorists [WARNING] “Following several cold snaps this winter, which will have exacerbated the existing pothole problem on our roads, we would urge caravanners to take extra care when driving to minimise the risk.” Caravan owners are advised to watch their speed when out on the road as driving over a pothole destabilises the vehicle and the caravan in tow. This is even more vital when travelling at high speeds, which Mr Woosey warned can be far more “destructive”. Motorists should take their time and enjoy the journey, especially in winter when wet and icy conditions are far more common.  READ MORE: Škoda offering £1,000 free fuel voucher to UK drivers Staying back from the vehicle in front also helps drivers have a better viewpoint, and therefore a higher chance of spotting an oncoming pothole allowing for safe, evasive action. It also gives them more time to react in the event that something goes wrong. Importantly, if a driver does come across a pothole on the road, they should not try to swerve sharply. It is better to safely slow down to clear it than make a manoeuvre that other road users won’t expect. 