Alex Murdaugh, the scion of a prominent legal dynasty, told prosecutors he was not at the crime scene on the night his wife and son were murdered but new evidence appears to place him at the location in a major blow to his alibi. A South Carolina defence lawyer has described the revelation as an "atomic bomb", which will be "difficult to come back" from. Murdaugh, 54, is accused of shooting his wife, Maggie, 52, and youngest son, Paul, 22, - with a separate gun - at their vast hunting property in Islandton, South Carolina, on the night of June 7, 2021. Murdaugh had told prosecutors he was not at the scene were his family members were gunned down but two witnesses have spoken out and placed him at the scene around the time of the murders. Alex's slain son Paul Murdaugh's, 22, close friend and neighbour, Rogan Gibson, took the stand at Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, South Carolina, on Wednesday. He explained to the jury how he had received a four-minute video from Paul in the minutes leading up to his death in which he claimed to have heard Maggie's and Alex's voices in the background - placing Mr Murdaugh at the crime scene shortly before the murders. When asked if he was "100 percent" certain, Gibson replied, "Yes sir." Cindy Crick, a South Carolina criminal defence attorney, said Gibson's testimony is "an atomic bomb dropping down on [Murdaugh's] alibi." She said: "I don't care if you're F Lee Bailey, Johnnie Cochran, or Trey Gowdy, it's going to be very difficult to come back from this. You've got two issues. Number one, we see you at the scene. Number two, you've lied to investigators about being at the scene. Crick  told Sunday Night in America host Trey Gowdy: "I don't envy [Murdaugh's] defence attorneys." READ MORE: Accused murderer Alex Murdaugh sobs in front of surviving son in trial Prosecutors are alleging Murdaugh's motive for killing his wife and son were to create a diversion from his many financial crimes. Crick said: "The state is doing exactly what the state is supposed to be doing, which is very methodically laying foundation for each and every piece of evidence they need to get in during the course of this trial. "The one interesting little tidbit where the state has weighed in is this issue of motive and I do think that could be one of the more pivotal issues in this case.  "You have to remember, although the state doesn't have to prove motive, it's not an element; but a jury of 12 normal people are going to have a hard time wrapping their minds around the idea that this local prominent attorney, who used to be a prosecutor, decided one day to get up off of his sofa and go down to the kennels and put a bullet through the heads of his wife and son."  She went on to tell the Fox News host: "I think there's a lot we haven't seen yet. So we've seen pieces and parts of this theory. "You have somebody that appears to be spiraling out of control, both with finances, family. "You know, you're talking about somebody whose reputation, whose fortune and whose liberty may be on the line. And you've got this other issue of opioids, that sort of, in the mix, and that adds up to a desperate situation for some folks." Alex Murdaugh's alleged opioid addiction has been a prominent feature in his previous trials, with prosecutors claiming the vast majority of appropriated funds in his financial crimes were used to pay for his addiction. If convicted of murder, Murdaugh will face a minimum sentence of 30 years. Prosecutors are not pursuing the death penalty. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews