Prince Harry has been attacked by defence secretary Ben Wallace for "boasting" about how many Taliban fighters he killed while serving in Afghanistan. The senior government minister said the prince has "let down" his former army colleagues, with the comment in the book sparking anger from the Armed Forces. Mr Wallace told LBC's Nick Ferrari: "I frankly think boasting about tallies... Distorts the fact that the army is a team game. It's a team enterprise. It's not about who can shoot the most. "If you start talking about who did what [you're] letting down all those other people, because you're not a better person because you did and they didn't'." In Spare, the Duke of Sussex referred to those he had killed as "chess pieces". He said during an interview on US television that he had included the details to help reduce suicides amongst Army veterans, however, it goes against the long-running soldier's tradition of not discussing "kill count". After the interview was broadcast a number of British troops suffering with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and their families came forward to say they found the information upsetting. Harry insisted while talking to Stephen Colbert "my words are not dangerous". Yet since he made this claim the Taliban's leaders have called for the Duke to stand trial for his "war crimes". READ MORE: Ellen Degeneres told Meghan Markle to get a dog and 'changed' her life Derek Hunt's son Nathan served with Harry in Afghanistan but suffered badly from PTSD, and later took his own life. His grieving father told the Daily Mail: "However he tries to justify his comments, what he said cannot be unsaid. This is too painful for too many people to be discussed so loosely in public. "Veterans were not crying out for this debate, they have spent years trying to forget about the realities of combat, such as taking people’s lives. DON'T MISS:Kate proving 'she can take on whatever challenges' role throws at her [LATEST]Fergie under fire for 'money grabbing' book tour interview questions [SPOTLIGHT]Couple 'gobsmacked' after finding King's letter to his 'ill granny' [REVEAL]  "If the disclosure was part of his therapy, then it should have stayed between him and his therapist. "I think he has brought back a lot of memories for those men and women who served and are trying to forget. If all this was for their benefit then Harry has made a mistake." Harry defended himself to Stephen Colbert, saying: "The most dangerous lie they [the media] have told is that I somehow boasted about the number of people I killed in Afghanistan. My words are not dangerous, but the spin of my words are (sic) very dangerous to my family. "I would say, if I heard anyone else boasting about that kind of thing I would be angry. [The media] had the context. It wasn’t just that they had one line, they had the whole section. They ripped it away and said here he is boasting on this. And that is the choice they have made," 