Jake Paul and Bomani Jones traded verbal jabs during an interview segment on Jones’ HBO show ‘Game Theory’. The American sports journalist ruffled Paul’s feathers by asking him what will happen if he loses his upcoming contest against Tommy Fury as things got heated between the pair. Paul is set to box Fury on February 26 in Saudi Arabia after two previous attempts to make it happen fell through. Ahead of their first fight date back in December 2021, Fury pulled out after sustaining a rib injury a few days before the clash. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to the Brit being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. If the same happens again then UFC veteran Mike Perry has been brought in as a replacement opponent. Meanwhile, fans could end up seeing the long-awaited grudge match twice this year with a rematch clause signed into the contract should Fury overcome the odds. During a recent interview with Paul, Jones put that scenario to his interviewee, angering the ex-Disney star in the process. “After Tommy Fury, where do you go from there? What happens if you lose this fight?” said Jones. “I don’t plan on losing. I don’t train to lose,” Paul fired back. “I feel like that’s probably your mindset. A lot of people try to project their mindsets onto me.” To which, Jones replied: “Ain’t no projecting of a mindset. My question is, this is work because we’re all surprised that you keep winning these fights, right? But if somebody does beat you, how much interest stays in this when it stops being surprising?” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fans express disgust at record-breaking Mayweather vs Chalmers PPV fee Eubank Jr to take 'elbow' appeal further ahead of Smith rematch Brook one of four boxers being lined up by Hearn for Benn comeback Paul then shouted: “They won’t and I’m going to be honest, bro; I don’t know who the f*** you are. My PR team set up this interview.” “Dude, all I know about you is that people don’t like you,” Jones snapped back. Paul has been written off time and time again by the media and fans alike but remains undefeated in his professional boxing career at 6-0. Last time out, he scored his most impressive victory, beating former UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva via an eight-round unanimous decision. Paul also boasts wins over fellow content creator AnEsonGib, NBA player Nate Robinson, MMA star Ben Askren, and ex-UFC welterweight title holder Tyron Woodley twice. 