An investigation into Jared Kushner's ties to Saudi Arabia is not off the table, a senior Republican congressman has said. Representative James Comer, the House Oversight Committee chair, said "everything's on the table" when asked if he would investigate the business dealings of Donald Trump's son-in-law. Mr Kushner set up a private equity firm with $2billion from a Saudi sovereign wealth fund, the Washington Post reported on Saturday night. It also reported that the firm was set up months after Kushner left the White House. The fresh revelations come as Republicans push for an investigation into Hunter Biden's business dealings and connections with China. Asked if he would probe Kushner's ties to Saudi Arabia, Rep. Comer said: "I think everything's on the table. We're investigating Joe Biden. "We know that Joe Biden said during the presidential campaign that he had no knowledge of his son's business interests. READ MORE: Nikki Haley to 'spoil' DeSantis 2024 bid and hand Trump Republican primary victory - poll  "He wasn't involved, he didn't benefit from them. We have evidence that would suggest otherwise, and this is very concerning." The Kentucky Republican later said: "I think Americans would be outraged to know how much money the Biden family's taken in from China. And for what? We don't exactly know." He added: "I think this is a problem. I think there can be a bipartisan legislative solution, but we can't get to that point until we know the extent of the Biden family influence peddling involved, especially with respect to communist China." Speaking to the Washington Post, Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR) said "very serious issues" were raised by the Trump family's alleged "financial links" to the Saudi royal family. He said: "When you factor in Jared Kushner’s financial interests, you are looking right at the cat’s cradle of financial entanglements." Reacting to the story, Democratic Rep. Eric Swalwell from California tweeted: "If Republicans are soooo concerned about foreign influence over the First Family, why have they turned a blind eye to this?" Wiley Nickel, a Democratic representative from North Carolina, also wrote: "Is there a stronger way to say 'massive conflict of interest'?" A former Trump administration official defended Mr Kushner, saying it was not uncommon for ex-White House staff to do business with connections after leaving the Oval Office. Republicans in the House of Representatives are focused on investigating the business dealings of Hunter Biden since they took control of the chamber as the 2022 midterm elections. President Joe Biden's younger son finally admitted in legal documents that a laptop recovered from a repair shop in Delaware belong to him. His lawyers are demanding a criminal probe into the shop's owner John Paul Mac Isaac for "unlawfully" accessing the computer and sharing files on the machine. Express.co.uk has reached out to Jared Kusher's representatives for further comment.