According to an astrologer, July 2023 has something big in store for Prince William. Jessica Adams spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her predictions for the future King. Prince William and Prince Harry grew up alongside each other sharing a more unique experience than most of us can imagine. However, in recent years, things have been slightly different between the brothers - what with Harry's marriage to Meghan Markle and their subsequent move to the United States. In recent months, the relationship has appeared even more strained with Harry and Meghan's documentary and later Harry's book launch. Both pieces of work reveal details of life inside the Royal Family according to Harry and Meghan. READ MORE: King Charles has one grandchild who brings out his 'fun' side  But astrologer Jessica Adams believes that the royal brothers will reconcile imminently. She told Express.co.uk that "William and Harry will settle their differences in July 2023". She claimed that this would be as part of a conversation that concerns their children. However, she also predicted that in some way the discussion will concern William and Harry's cousin, Princess Eugenie. But this will not be the only test of family dynamics for the Prince, according to Jessica. She commented: "After that, Prince William must master a compromise with the whole family, not just Harry, until January 2025." Before William's discussion with Harry and subsequent discussion with his family, the astrologer predicted a lot of changes for the royal in March. She claimed: "The line of succession and individual titles within the Royal Family will transform in March 2023." READ MORE: Charles' closest royal friendship could have been 'dangerous' - claim  She suggested that this could have financial consequences for the Royal Family, including the legacy of Will and Kate's children. She continued: "This alters the inheritance of Catherine, Princess of Wales and the legacy she leaves to the children, Charlotte, George and Louis." Not only this, Jessica predicted that this change in the line of succession would impact King Charles. She claimed: "It affects Charles III’s multi-billion real estate empire and William’s Duchy of Cornwall estate." She prophesied two key dates where royal finances are in question, however does not detail if this will be positive or negative for the family. "The Royal Family accountants will be working overtime near March 8 and March 23." Jessica concluded by claiming the results of these changes will not be small but actually have huge consequences - "it is the beginning of the end of the old family life as Charles knew it". "For Catherine and William, it means an entirely new budget, for the next 20 years." Jessica Adams is an astrologer and author of Modern Astrology 2050.