 During Sunday’s instalment of the ITV competition, judge and professional skater Jayne Torvill appeared on screen with her arm in a sling. After detailing her injury, Dancing on Ice fans shared their message of support for the 65-year-old.   This weekend, the remaining contestants took part in prop week on the ITV show as many were tasked with involving various different objects in their routines. Before the show kicked off, host Phillip Schofield spoke to judges Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill about what viewers can expect to see during the evening. However, the presenter quickly noticed the former Olympic skater had her arm in a green sequin sling to match her outfit. As Chris told Phil there could be carnage with the remaining celebrities over their use of props, the host mentioned Jayne’s injury. READ MORE:Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis  Looking at her arm, he said: “Speaking of which, what’s happened here?” She replied: “Talking of things going wrong on the ice! I’ve ruptured my bicep tendon. “So, I need to get surgery-” Cutting in, Phil shared his concern as he reiterated the fact she needed to undergo surgery for her injury.  Confirming she’d have to get it seen to, she added: “I'll be fine and we’ll be back on the ice soon.” Jokingly asking if she can still press her judging buttons for the contestant, Jayne revealed she was left-handed so it wouldn’t stop her from scoring the celebrities. After hearing the extent of her injury, Dancing on Ice viewers quickly took to social media to share their concerns and send well wishes to the judge. WhoPotterVian said: “Hope Jayne Torvill gets well soon from her injury. Amazing that Torvill and Dean still ice skate together this many years on from when they were doing the Olympics.”  DON'T MISS... Love Island thrown into chaos as wildfire blazes next to villa [LOVE ISLAND] Dancing on Ice's Siva Kaneswaran dealt crushing blow before show [DANCING ON ICE] Coronation Street's Aaron Sandford star on future after rape plot [SOAP] Gaiuslw added: “Sad to hear that Jayne Torvill on #dancingonice has hurt her arm. He thinks she is very brave to be on the show tonight.” Louibell34 commented: “Poor Jayne I do hope she gets better soon.” UKTVForever tweeted: “Get well very soon Jayne #DancingOnIce” RyanTheSoapking said: “Poor Jayne [sic] get better soon.”   Twitter user mikepriestley13 added: "Get well soon@torvillanddean Jayne." During the show, viewers saw The Vivienne opt to use a racing flag for her prop with reality star Joey Essex picking a surfboard. Mollie and her partner had a metal trolley, Carley skated with a feather boa, Siva chose a wooden oar and Nile had the biggest prop of the night with a double bed. Dancing on Ice continues Sunday on ITV1 and ITVX at 6:25pm      