Emmerdale newcomer Naomi Walters (played by Karen Peters) broke up with Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) during Monday's episode after branding her boyfriend "boring". Meanwhile, Marcus Dean (Darcy Gray) ended up betraying his love Ethan Anderson (Emile John) by sleeping with someone else. After Naomi broke things off with Nate, Ethan caught Marcus with a mystery man. As the lawyer was preparing to propose to his love, Marcus and his fling could be seen walking down from the bedroom. However, things were made even worse when the man began to wind up Ethan, claiming he and Marcus has slept together more than once. As the duo got into a blazing row, Ethan shouted at Marcus to leave. Earlier this month, it was reported Marcus would be making a dramatic exit from the village, but could Naomi follow in his footsteps by leaving too? Speaking to The Sun, a source claimed: "Marcus' time in the village came to a natural end. "Darcy is keen to spread his wings but the door has been left open." The publication reported the actor has filmed his last scenes and will be leaving the soap next month. DON'T MISS...Black Spartans star recalls advice from Yellowstone’s Neal McDonough [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks out on Brenda Blethyn 'taking break' from ITV series [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale exit for Nate as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [SPOILERS] Following the episode, fans took to social media to share their thoughts on the storyline, with many pleading for Naomi to leave with Marcus. Mags W wrote: "Naomi needs to go...she is so, so boring.... #Emmerdale." (sic) "No your not compatible Naomi so sod off #emmerdale," @GrocottJanice tweeted. (sic) While Shirley Anne Cook penned: "' I messed up cos I'm leaving Emmerdale '. Yay! Wish Naomi would go with him #Emmerdale." "Naomi wears a coat like Kenny in Southpark...I'm hoping this is a sign..." @fussyMcWhiskers theorised. Patty Bee went on to say: "Naomi’s garbled monotone way of speaking is so very irritating. She’s no asset to #emmerdale whatsoever." (sic) Sharing their thoughts on Marcus and Ethan's storyline, Twitter user @Paddy1094 pleaded: "Please let this be the last time we see Ethan. Pity he couldn't take Marcus and the horrific sister with him. #Emmerdale is very poor just now." Pam added: "I could never abide Marcus. Thank goodness he messed up and can now leave the village. He may be an electrician, but the spark was never there." Marcus and Naomi has struck up a close friendship since she arrived in the village, and with nothing keeping her, could she end up leaving too? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.