A Syrian toddler pulled from the debris of a building destroyed by a seismic earthquake in Turkey has been pictured in the arms of a rescue worker, her white cotton pyjamas stained with blood. Footage of the dramatic rescue showed the young girl's mother and father being stretchered away from their apartment block. The incident occurred in the town of Sarmada, 95 miles southwest of the Turkish city of Gaziantep, where the earthquake originally hit.  Dozens of emergency service workers could be seen frantically carrying both the mother and the father from the building. With blood-stained blankets strewn across the injured parents, the rescuers tried to safely navigate through the rubble of the collapsed building. Subsequent footage showed their toddler being rushed into an ambulance in the arms of an emergency service worker. Stunned silent, the left arm of the young girl was stained with blood as the ambulance personnel attended to her injuries.    The young toddler is just one of hundreds of children caught up in the disaster. Many of them would have been asleep when the earthquake hit in the early hours. One photo shows a young girl lying on the ground clutching onto her yellow neck brace. Like the toddler, she is still in her pyjamas. Other images show a toddler clinging onto a rescue worker, while another photo shows a small girl in the lap of her relative in a medical tent, her face sunken and her cheeks coloured with blood. The scale of the disaster is unfolding rapidly, with thousands still waiting to be rescued. READ NEXT: UK 'ready to provide assistance' to Turkey and Syria after earthquake [REVEAL]   At 4.17am local time in Turkey, an earthquake registering 7.8 on the Richter scale struck the city of Gaziantep. The initial incident lasted only one minute before a second aftershock, registering at 6.7 on the scale, ten minutes later caused further devastation. Tremors from the original earthquake could be felt as far away in Cairo in Egypt, which is more than 800 miles southwest. The Turkish authorities have reported a further 40 aftershocks in the subsequent hours as the international community rushes to help rescue those still buried beneath the rubble. DON'T MISS: Erdogan suggests only Finland will be accepted to NATO without Sweden [REVEAL] Finland will join NATO 'together' with Sweden despite Turkish veto [REPORT] Turkey warn citizens of ‘possible racist’ attacks in USA and Europe [REPORT]    Footage of the family in Sarmada was published by the White Helmets humanitarian organisation, which operates aid missions in non-government held areas of Syria, which are controlled by rebel militias. At least 1,300 people have been killed thus far, with the death toll expected to rise considerably over the coming hours and days. The United States Geological Survey suggested the toll could be as high as 10,000 people, with the National Earthquake Centre reporting that it was the “strongest” incident since records began in 1995. Exact figures for the numbers killed by the earthquake are likely to be an underestimate given the difficulty in establishing an official toll in the rebel-controlled areas of Syria, where thousands have been caught in the collapsing buildings. READ NEXT: Top ISIS boss captured in Syria as more than 60 terrorists arrested'Narcissist' Shamima Begum 'sees herself as celebrity', says filmmakerSquadron of Russian SU-24 fighter bombers roars past Royal Navy shipBBC faces fury after spending licence fee cash on Begum podcastShamima Begum shares story of how she joined ISIS in BBC podcast  