Sean (played by Antony Cotton) thinks he has finally found a long-term partner in Laurence Reeves (Robert Shaw Cameron) after a string of failed relationships. However, Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) has had his suspicions for a while, and Wednesday's Coronation Street saw him uncovering a dark secret about Laurence. As Sean dismissed Todd's warnings, fans predicted he could meet a fatal end off-screen.  Ever since Todd realised Laurence had hidden the fact he used to be married from Sean, he's wanted to find out more. Sean has ordered him to let it go in the past, especially once Laurence told him his wife had died. However, an adamant Todd has continued to dig. While Laurence explained to Sean that his wife died after a tragic accident on a mountain, someone from his past had a different theory. Todd and Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) tracked down a cab driver called Mitch, who used to know Laurence. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series Eileen discovered a picture of Laurence and his late wife, who had her arm around a third man, Mitch. Sean explained Laurence had booked a getaway for them and asked the pair to leave his boyfriend alone. However, when they talked to Mitch, who turned out to be called Andy Mitchell, he had some frightening news. "Laurence's missus was in the way of our plans," the cabbie explained.  "He was scared if she found out about our affair, she'd out him to his family and work as revenge - he wasn't ready then." "So, Laurence didn't want the wife around?" Todd clarified suspiciously. "I'm glad I wasn't the one he thought might say something, could have been me bouncing down that mountain," Mitch admitted. "You honestly think he pushed her?" a shocked Eileen asked, which Mitch confirmed. DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz 'to appear in dating show' following heartbreaking split [LATEST]EastEnders heartache as Denise makes huge decision about her marriage [SPOILER]Strictly Come Dancing fans slammed over response to wheelchair news [LATEST] "There was an obstacle - her, and then there wasn't" he replied ominously. "So, how come you're not still with him?" Tod quizzed Laurence's ex. "Maybe I reminded him of what he'd done," Laurence assumed, before adding: "Don't bug me again, mate, I don't want Laurence to see me, he's dangerous." Concerned fans soon took to social media after Laurence mentioned mountains when talking to Sean about their trip. Many soon predicted Sean would meet the same fate as Laurence's wife. Twitter user @RyanTheSoapking wrote: "Sean has learned Laurence's secret. "He needs to be careful and tread carefully around Laurence now as Sean could be next on his radar. "He's already getting out travel insurance for Sean. #Corrie." @and67k quipped: "Sean needs to sneak a parachute with him when he goes on his holiday from hell! #corrie." @topgooner100 penned: "Hopefully Sean finds out himself what Lawrence is like on this getaway #Corrie." "Sean you're going on holiday to the top of a mountain like Julie Andrews - then coming down it like Eddie the Eagle!  #corrie," @penniless_poet theorised. @EnfieldGarry shared: "Oh Sean how blind you are. #Corrie,"  while @penniless_poet warned: "Laurence is dangerous - can we have him and Stephen in a tag team against Sean and Damon? #corrie." Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.