Tottenham assistant Cristian Stellini has admitted that Antonio Conte was 'completely involved' in their match against West Ham on Sunday despite still being back in Italy resting from his surgery and doesn't expect the Spurs boss back in the dugout for next week's Chelsea game. Conte returned to his homeland this week after suffering a setback in his recovery having come back to the dugout just a week after his gallbladder surgery. It meant that Stellini was back as the main man for Tottenham in the dugout for their derby match against London rivals West Ham on Sunday. Son Heung-min was a surprise omission from the starting line-up in just the second league game he's been benched since April 2021. Richarlison and Dejan Kulusevski were the preferred wingers to play on either side of Harry Kane. Neither player was able to make an impact during the first half, but the game soon opened up after the break with Kulusevski proving to be a threat down the right. Tottenham eventually found the breakthrough through an unlikely source in Emerson Royal before Son doubled their lead just minutes after coming off the bench. That proved to be enough for Tottenham to clinch all three points and move them into the top four.  They now have a week to prepare for their next league match against Chelsea, with Stellini confirming that he doesn't expect Conte back in time to take his place in the dugout. He said: "No I'm not expecting Antonio back for Chelsea but I'm expecting him back for the next week. Milan or we have the FA Cup. "Maybe not Chelsea but we don't know. If he feels well and he can live stress without some pain or feeling something strange he'll be back." But that still hasn't prevented Conte from being heavily involved on matchday decisions as Stellini admitted that the Tottenham bench were in constant discussion with Conte against the Hammers. Stellini said that Conte wanted both he and Ryan Mason to express their opinions due to being in the stadium, but the Tottenham boss also put his foot down on occasions. "Today was a clear balance because Antonio is completely involved," he said. "Yesterday and the day before he wants to listen and hear our feeling and sensation and he gave us some advice during the match. We asked to give sometimes, 'We want to do this, we want to change this player'. He agreed with us. He said sometimes wait and thats it. "We are in balance to decide and listen to what Antonio likes. He wants every time from me and Ryan to say how we feel because the stadium is different than watching the game on TV."