As fans await the release of You season four, part two, many have anticipated what the instalment could entail. After a major theory about Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) hallucinating came to light, many have spotted a major clue from episode two to support the popular belief.   When You premiered on Netflix earlier this month, the tables had dramatically turned for Joe who found himself being stalked. The charming villain was also being tormented on Evanscene, a texting app, by the Eat the Rich killer. By the end of part one, Joe discovered the killer was mayoral hopeful, Rhys Montrose (Ed Speleers). Despite this revelation, fans are convinced Rhys is a figment of Joe’s imagination and he has hallucinated the entire ordeal. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed'  This belief was further ignited after eagle-eyed viewers spotted a huge clue involving Rhys. Taking to the Reddit fan page, u/unsubtleflounder shared a photo from season four, episode two, captioned: “Just adding more fuel to the prevailing theory.” They added: “If you go back to the start of episode two, Rhys does not clink glasses with anyone.” Another fan u/YeezyYeezyWhatsGoood also highlighted: “He’s also drinking white wine while everyone is drinking red wine - foreshadowing his separation from the group possibly.”    However, u/NotSoIntrested disputed: “Phoebe was drinking white wine too.” The Redditor also disagreed with the clinking glass theory as they shared: “I watched it, they didn't show everyone clinking their glasses. “It's cut to Joe immediately while hearing others clinking, so we don't know if he clinked with others nor who was clinking.” Despite this, u/_hm-08 anticipated Rhys being Joe’s imagination would make Joe confront his issues. DON'T MISS...BBC facing calls for investigation into Ken Bruce's 'insensitive' exit [REACTION]You fans 'work out' Kate's ties to one of Joe's victims [THEORY]You star Victoria Pedretti lands new role in Ava duVernay film [INSIGHT]   The user stated: “I’m pretty sure that this is how part two will unfold. It would be weird if the show suddenly made Joe the (relatively) innocent party in s4 when we know what he’s capable of. “Rhys is a device to make Joe confront who he is and he needed it because up till now he’s been able to justify his actions to himself in the pursuit of love.” They added: “In his head, she’s not a cheater like Beck was, or dangerous and unpredictable like Love was. The mental break would track if he had hurt Marienne.” Season three ended with Joe faking his death and relocating to Europe to find Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle).    However, he was heartbroken when their reunion didn’t go the way he planned. After arriving in Paris, Joe traced her to London where she was struck by paralysing fear when they made eye contact. While Joe was pleased to see her, Marienne sprinted for her life and unsuccessfully hid from him. Despite his heartbreak, he let Marienne return to Paris to be with her daughter.  You seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix. Part two will premiere on Thursday, March 9. 