A four-year-old girl has died following a dog attack in the back garden of a home in Milton Keynes. Police and ambulance crews responded to a call at a property in Broadlands, Netherfield just after 5pm on Tuesday, but the child sadly died on the scene. Officials have confirmed that no one else was hurt in the attack, with specialists on hand for the child's bereaved family. Police added that the dog has since been humanely destroyed. Officers attending the scene remain in place, with police confirming they have launched an investigation but have not yet made any arrests in connection with the incident. Superintendent Matt Bullivant said: "This is an absolutely tragic incident, in which we believe that a child has been killed after being attacked by a dog. "Clearly, we are in the very early stages of an investigation, and it would be wrong and unhelpful to speculate as to the exact circumstances of this incident at this point. "However, in order to ensure public safety, a decision was made earlier this evening to destroy the dog involved, and this has been done humanely. "I understand how much of an impact this will have on the community and on the wider public, and people can expect to see a large police presence in the area this evening and beyond while our investigation continues. "I would like to reassure people that there is no reason to believe there is any danger to the wider public at this time. "Anyone with concerns should feel free to approach our officers and ask questions, but I urge people not to speculate about the circumstances, especially on social media platforms." The news follows a development on a separate investigation into a dog mauling in Caterham, Sussex. Sussex Police yesterday named the victim of a dog attack as 28-year-old Londoner Natasha Johnston. Ms Johnson died on January 12 following a vicious attack by dogs on Gravelly Hill. Authorities seized eight dogs at the scene, but police have said no prosecutions will be brought against individuals. An inquest into the tragedy opened at Surrey Coroner's Court earlier today.