Despite a drop in popularity, the Sussexes still appear to enjoy considerable success among celebrity circles in Hollywood. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were spotted at Ellen DeGeneres’ home in California, in the background as Ellen and her wife Portia de Rossi renewed their wedding vows. In a video shared to The Ellen Degeneres Show's YouTube channel, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were seen clapping and whooping after Kardashian momager Kris Jenner officiated the renewals at the couple’s sprawling $70million (£57m) mansion in Montecito, California - only a few blocks away from their own $33.5million mansion.  The couple's appearance did not go unnoticed, as TalkTV Royal Editor Sarah Hewson noted Meghan and Harry were "quietly" in the background at Ellen DeGeneres' home. "So perhaps behind closed doors, celebrities still [are] willing to associate themselves with them," she told Sky News host Peta Credlin. The Sussexes joined Gwyneth Paltrow, Jennifer Aniston, Carol Burnett, Courteney Cox, Melissa Etheridge, Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom in celebrating the Holywood couple at a gathering, of which DeGeneres was not aware. Not only did Ms de Rossi surprise her wife of 14 years by dressing in her 2008 Zac Posen wedding gown, but Ms DeGeneres was also unaware of the vow renewal, which had been precisely and quietly organised by her wife. The Sussexes already knew the couple and had talked about their friendship with the couple after Meghan appeared on Ellen DeGeneres’ Show in November 2021. The two discussed celebrating Halloween together. "We wanted to do something fun for the kids, and then the kids were just not into it at all," Meghan said of son Archie, 3, and daughter Lilibet, 1. Archie had a dinosaur costume, she continued, but had only worn it for "about five minutes." Ms DeGeneres responded: "Not even five minutes. Finally, Harry talked him into putting the head on." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'have blown it all' after Duke's quest for vengeance Meghan remarked that Lili was dressed like a skunk, "like Flower from Bambi." Since they left the Royal Family for North America, the couple has been dropping hints that their celebrity circle was growing on the other side of the pond. The Duchess met both Beyoncé and her husband Jay-Z during the premiere of Disney's The Lion King in London in 2019. The Duke of Sussex also dedicated a section of his memoir, Spare, to thanking celebrity friends Chris Martin from Coldplay, Oprah Winfrey, talk show host James Corden and Argentinian actor Nacho Figueras. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry told by commentator he 'can't have cake and eat it too' [REPORT] POLL – Would you read Prince Andrew’s memoir? [POLL] King to postpone Harry and Meghan peace attempts after coronation [REPORT] However, according to a royal expert, attendees at Ms Degenere’s gathering did not want the Duke and Duchess of Sussex there so they would not "distract from the event". Kinsey Schofield claims celeb friends did not invite the royal couple to the birthday bash to avoid any 'drama'. Speaking to Fox News, she added: "I live in Los Angeles and have spent years in PR. Word on the street is that Harry and Meghan aren’t invited anywhere because all eyes would be on them, and it would distract from the cause or event." READ NEXT:Harry's upcoming event is 'hint' at what's next for SussexesCharles warned over four issues with latest rumoured Coronation planMeghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenterSasha Walpole is a hero for way she dealt with Harry - COMMENTPrince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims