Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has already acknowledged that changes are needed in the summer transfer window with an overhaul in midfield the most pressing matter, but the Champions League tie against Real Madrid may very well provide answers on who the Reds will go for at the end of the season. Thiago Alcantara remains the only senior midfield signing since both Naby Keita and Fabinho moved to Anfield in 2018. That transfer oversight has finally caught up with Liverpool this season, leading to desperate cries from fans and former players to see Jude Bellingham join up this summer. The England international is seen as the top transfer target for several European giants at the end of the season with Borussia Dortmund reportedly seeking a fee in the region of £133million. The eye-watering asking price hasn't seemingly put potential suitors off and Bellingham may end up having the deciding vote on where he goes. The speculation linking Bellingham to Liverpool reached fever pitch at the World Cup with fans jumping to the conclusion that both Jordan Henderson and Trent Alexander-Arnold were pitching a move to Anfield. In truth, nothing has been decided and speculation is only set to grow over the next few months. But Bellingham won't be the only midfield signing Liverpool will likely be chasing in the summer with Mason Mount emerging as a possible target given his uncertain future at Chelsea.  The 24-year-old has struggled to find his footing under Graham Potter and was left out of the starting line-up for Chelsea's recent 1-1 draw with West Ham. He's out of contract in less than 18 months with the versatile attacker yet to make any further commitments to Chelsea. Mount would also be an attainable target with his value being set at £66m, according to transfermarkt. While Liverpool have spent large sums on players such as Darwin Nunez, Virgil van Dijk and Alisson, they've rarely done big business in the same transfer window. FSG's record window came back in 2018 when they brought in Keita, Fabinho, Alisson and Xherdan Shaqiri for around £174m. Signing both Mount and Bellingham would surpass that record and FSG will likely be looking at all avenues heading into the summer transfer window.  Midfield recruitment is needed and big money is expected to be spent at Liverpool in the summer on fixing that area of the pitch. But Tuesday's Champions League tie against Real Madrid could end up being the defining factor on what Liverpool are willing to do in the summer - and more importantly what they're able to do. Champions League prize money has gone a long way to helping the Reds in the transfer market in recent years with Klopp's side reaching three of the last five finals. They've already earned £37m in prize money from this year's Champions League by reaching the last-16 stage. But there's still an additional £36.9m up for grabs if Liverpool can go all the way and clinch a seventh Champions League title. That could prove crucial in FSG's summer transfer plans and may well be the difference in Klopp getting his priority midfield signings. Bellingham and Mount will be the pipe dream transfers, but defeat to Real in the last 16 of the Champions League may burst that dream immediately.