Liverpool and Manchester United have been urged to sign Crystal Palace forward Wilfried Zaha on a free transfer this summer. The 30-year-old's contract at Selhurst Park expires in July, and he is now widely expected to pursue a new challenge rather than extend his stay. Zaha left Palace in 2013 after agreeing a summer move to United in January, joining in a deal worth £15million. He was Sir Alex Ferguson's final signing at Old Trafford, but it didn't work out, returning to south London less than two years later for just £3m. Zaha has flourished into an established Premier League star and a certified Eagles icon over the last decade. But his time at the club is likely to end for a second time at the end of the season. There has been no concrete talk about his destination, though, after clubs opted against taking up his reported £80m price tag in January. And former United defender Danny Simpson believes Jurgen Klopp should rival Erik ten Hag for Zaha's signature. JUST IN: Arsenal fans gleefully thank rivals Tottenham for doing them a favour  He told Stadium Astro: "He can go wherever he wants, especially on a free contract. I think Wilf [Zaha] plays better when he is the main man. "He came to Man United. I know he was a lot younger, but if he goes to another top-four or top-six team, then he's not going to be the main man, so it will be interesting to see where he goes. "I think someone like Liverpool could do with him at the moment because it's not happening for them. "I would bring him back here [Old Trafford]. You have Marcus Rashford as a number nine and Wilfried on the left. That's some firepower as well." DON'T MISS Man City boss Pep Guardiola makes title admission after Tottenham lossPep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeatSpurs hero Kane and three others that did Conte proud in Man City win United will target a striker this summer on priority, with Ten Hag eyeing a long-term replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo in M16. But Zaha is unlikely to be on the agenda unless he looks to recruit further attacking depth in the wide areas. Liverpool are expected to focus on strengthening in midfield, which may pour cold water on suggestions that Anfield is also a potential landing spot for Zaha. A Premier League stalwart on a free transfer could be too enticing an opportunity to miss, though, and has the potential to spark a high-profile race for his signature. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here