Keen to get Kilbride (played by Gerald McRaney) to reconnect with his estranged son, Elizabeth (Marilu Henner) shoehorned herself back into his personal life while he tried to juggle his team’s latest investigation. Their scenes went down a treat with NCIS LA fans who loved seeing the typically stern CBS stalwart flustered by Elizabeth’s ability to push his buttons. However, with season 14 marking the end for the drama, it looks like fans won’t get their happy ending involving Kilbride and his ex after all. The chance of Kilbride rekindling his romance with Elizabeth is clearly one a number of CBS viewers would like to see come to fruition. During Sunday’s instalment, a number of fans took to Twitter with their desires to see Elizabeth granted more screen time before the series concludes. Twitter user @TheKevTravel was one to ask for more as they penned: “‘That would make George Carlin blush’, man we need more stories of Kilbride’s personal life #NCISLA,” followed by laughing emojis. While @wannaseeireland suggested: “I'm loving flustered Kilbride! His ex should be around more. #NCISLA.” READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series Elsewhere, @ScribeDeGryphon clearly enjoyed the chemistry as they wrote: “I love @NCISLA! And it’s a particularly good episode. I do love seeing Kilbride flustered! #NCISLA.” While Jarred Braxton weighed into the discussion: “Kilbride, your ex-wife is not messing around! #NCISLA.” Sadly for fans shipping the romance, however, actor Henner has spoken out about Elizabeth and Kilbride’s bond and how she found working on the series in her guest star role. She told TV Insider: “I’m so excited to be talking about this because I had just the best time working on this with my buddy Gerald McCraney, Mac. “I love him so much. We just had the best day. It was just an extraordinary day for us to work together.” However, in a rather disappointing caveat, she added: “And I’m sad the show is ending so I won’t be coming back, I guess, which sucks.” With just a few episodes to go, it did seem unlikely the show’s writers would flesh out a romance storyline for Kilbride. However, given the reception Elizabeth received, it’s a storyline fans would’ve undoubtedly welcomed with open arms. DON'T MISS:NCIS Los Angeles’ Daniela Ruah exposes her dislikes about KensiBlue Bloods fans rage as CBS drama undergoes scheduling shake-upSWAT viewers ‘in tears’ after Victor Tan faces major career blow All hope isn’t lost though as, despite saying it would “suck” for her not to return, Henner stayed rather tight-lipped about the possibility of coming back. When asked if there were plans to see Elizabeth again, she answered: “I don’t know, we’ll see.” According to IMDb, Henner is only credited with one appearance in the final series, meaning future appearances currently aren’t billed. CBS has released a promo for episode 14 of season 14, however, to tease what fans can expect in one of the OSP’s final cases. In the trailer for the episode titled Shame, the team discover a supposed suicide note by the body of a petty officer. “Suicide?” Kensi (Daniela Ruah) asks the rest of the team, to which a suspicious Kilbride replies: “Unconfirmed.” What follows is a series of action sequences involving Callen (Chris O’Donnell), Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and Devin Roundtree (Caleb Castille) before Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) weighs in: “This just became a murder investigation.” NCIS Los Angeles continues Sundays on CBS in the USA and Sky Max in the UK.