Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola appeared to take exception to a certain line of questioning during his post-match interview after his side were held to a 1-1 draw by RB Leipzig. City are once again strong favourites to win this year's Champions League, particularly after signing Erling Haaland last summer.  The Norwegian superstar scored five goals in four appearances during the group stages and has proven unstoppable in the Premier League. But he struggled to make an impact in City's last-16 first-leg tie against Leipzig on Wednesday night. Guardiola's side dominated play in the opening 45 minutes and took the lead through an emphatic finish from Riyad Mahrez. However, Leipzig came out after the break the better of the two sides as they pushed for an equaliser. City were left desperately holding onto their one-goal lead, until Josko Gvardiol popped up with a header to level the tie. Both sides were then gunning for a winner in the final stages of the match with City seemingly denied a clear-cut penalty for handball in the dying seconds.  But the spoils were shared as the game finished 1-1, leaving all to play for in the return fixture at the Etihad on March 14. For City, it was the third of five consecutive away matches and Guardiola felt his side was being judged too harshly if some thought his side was going to ease past Leipzig. "I'm happy for all game, not just the first half," Guardiola said, defensively. "What do you expect? We play a friendly game here... how many games have you [seen] of Leipzig? How many games? "Come on. So people expect we are here and we win 0-5? That is not a reality. It's a competition that in the group stages many important teams are out and it's difficult. "We knew it with four games in 10 days... the travels and the people expect. No. We are a good team that we do many, many good things and we will continue to do this and the people expect to come here 0-4, I'm sorry we are not able to do this." City are back in action this weekend against relegation-threatened Bournemouth before a trip to Bristol City next Tuesday in the FA Cup. Kevin De Bruyne did not travel with the City squad for the match against Leipzig due to illness, but could be in contention to return against the Cherries.  