One in four (26 percent) would enjoy a sandwich in bed, while 24 percent would tuck into some cake. And almost three in five (58 percent) think that breakfast is the most acceptable meal to eat under the covers – with toast, cereal or porridge, and croissants or pastries all on the list of “allowed” foods. And when it comes to drinks, tea (67 percent) and coffee (61 percent) are also justified. However, more than half ban food in bed – with curry (48 percent), roast dinner (46 percent), and lasagne (43 percent) strictly off-limits. The research was commissioned by bakery brand, St Pierre, which has also created a quiz to determine your dining style – from fine dining, to devouring under the duvet. The survey found that, while 19 percent like the idea of eating in bed, the logistics of it are not so desirable. And three in ten (29 percent) admitted they can't enjoy the experience because they’re too worried about the mess. St Pierre’s spokesman said: “There is clearly a divide when it comes to the idea of eating in bed. “While some will allow a greasy takeaway box or messy, sauce-covered meal in the boudoir, others understandably draw the line at anything other than breakfast. “Having the first meal of the day in bed, especially with a partner, has for a long time been seen as a romantic gesture – and many of us plan to start Valentine’s Day this year doing just that.” The study also found 31 percent believe eating in bed is cosy, particularly in the winter months (31 percent) – and 14 percent find it romantic. But it took smitten Brits an average of five weeks together before taking their meals to the bedroom. This Valentine’s Day, almost a quarter (23 percent) plan to make breakfast in bed for a loved one, while 13 percent hope to be the recipient of it. However, 24 percent have had to get rid of bedding due to food-related spillages, and 23 percent have asked someone else to get out of their bed because they made crumbs. Other situations in which people are most likely to eat in bed are when they’re ill (58 percent), watching TV (42 percent), or generally on weekends (40 percent). And 44 percent of those surveyed, via OnePoll, admitted they’re more laid back about eating in bed if it’s someone else’s rather than their own. St Pierre’s spokesman added: “Sharing food with a loved one is the perfect way to show you care – but the research suggests that such gestures can backfire, with 32 percent having been asked to get out of bed for making a food or drink faux pas. “That’s why we’re offering NAPkins to diners, to keep the love alive and prevent any cross words over croissants this Valentine’s Day. “While breakfast is the most popular meal to be enjoyed from the comfort of our mattresses, one in four have no preference on which meal they enjoy in bed. “Whether it’s burgers in bed or croissants under the covers, this Valentine’s, we’re hoping to make bedtime meals a little more magnifique.” To be in with a chance to win, complete the quiz here.