On her TikTok account, @sarahelizxbeth Sarah recently spoke about how people will treat you differently depending on your hair colour and how the reaction will differ from men, women, and even elderly people. Sarah’s explanation has been a viral hit and the video has over 2.4 million times.    Sarah began the video by saying: “As a hairdresser, I have been literally every single colour so I am going to talk about a few of my experiences with the way people treated me with different hair colours.” She first spoke about her experience with blonde hair and admitted: “when I was blonde, it was the most male attention that I’ve ever got.” However, the hair stylist admitted that it was the “least quality male attention” she had ever got. Sarah said the men who gave her attention while blonde were “a*******” and treated her “like a kid”. She explained: “I felt like with blonde hair I got looked down on a lot by men and a lot of like, really stinky, gross men thought that they could like take advantage of me. Being blonde was not good with the men.” She said that women “didn’t even really give (her) a second look, like the blonde didn’t really phase them”. READ MORE: Kate and William's 'hair-raising moment' on royal plane The hairstylist then went on to explain her experience of being a brunette, and said: “When I was a brunette, I got male attention, but it definitely came nowhere near as close as when I was a blonde.” Sarah said the male attention was not as “out front and as aggressive” as the attention she got as a blonde. With other women, Sarah said she felt like “women were a lot less threatened…women didn’t act as insecure around me when I had brown hair.” Then Sarah spoke about multicoloured hair and said men did not look at her “at all” if her hair was any colour of the rainbow. She said: “When I had any multicoloured hair - blue, purple, green, pink, whatever, men didn’t look and me…it was the least amount of attention that I ever got.” The hairdresser said getting no make attention was “slightly freeing” but also made her “deeply insecure”. She added while she “personally didn't enjoy having crazy coloured hair” the only benefit was that women seemed to love her coloured hair. She said: “Women complimented me the most when I had crazy-coloured hair, so I think that’s kind of interesting. DON'T MISS:Easy tips to achieve Princess Kate's 'glossy' locks [REVEAL]Hair expert shares daily tip to 'increase hair thickness'  [REPORT]Princess Kate’s ‘hair rule she swears by’ according to beauty expert [INSIGHT] Nowadays Sarah has red hair, and said she loved her hair colour now, but she does get less male attention. The hairstylist said her experience as a redhead for familiar to being a brunette, but she got a “little bit more attention” but “definitely” did not get as much negative attention from men as she did when she was blonde. Sarah said that she had better interactions with men and got more positive attention as a redhead. She said: “I will say the quality of dudes that I’ve got [attention from] with red hair is impeccable. I met the love of my life with red hair.” With women, Sarah said: I would say women for the most part, when it comes to my red hair, if they don’t already know me they’re threatened by me which is kinda weird and off-putting.” However, Sarah revealed that elderly people have been “obsessed” with her red hair and that she is constantly stopped and giving compliments from both elderly men and women who say her hair is beautiful. In the comment section, young women spoke about their experiences depending on their hair colour. One woman named Ingrid said: “Redhead here…the attention is super fetishy and specific” while another person said “I’ve been blonde, brunette, and red. With red, I felt weirdly fetishized.” One user named Zuayra said: “I am a natural blonde Scandinavian. I do NOT miss the way I was treated with blonde hair.” Another woman named Jana said: “My natural hair colour is blonde and people have been soo much nicer to me since I died it ginger. Immediate change, it's so crazy.” Another hair expert named Callie said: “Hairstylist here: can confirm all of this. I’ve been it all. Got the highest quality men as a ginger and also met the love of my life as a redhead” while one user named Adinia said: “If you have a good energy trust me doesn't matter your hair colour”  However, a lot of young women joked that getting multicolour hair was the way to go in order to avoid male attention, as one commentator called Jayln said: “The message I’m getting is dye my hair multicolour” while another woman said: “Now I’m definitely going green, like straight up neon green.”   