The BRIT Awards is back and airing for the first time ever on a Saturday night with comedian and The Masked Singer star Mo Gilligan presenting the proceedings. As always, a star-studded line-up of performers is taking to the stage this evening, including Before You Go star Lewis Capaldi. ITV viewers were excited to see him sing an unplugged version of his hit song Forget Me, but were left distracted by his introduction. Song of the Year nominee Lewis Capaldi was ready and waiting on stage, with just him and his guitar under a spotlight on tonight's BRIT Awards. He was following performances from Harry Styles who opened the show and indie band Wet Leg with fans looking forward to his stripped-back version of his number-one hit Forget Me. While introducing the popular 26-year-old singer, presenter Mo Gilligan accidentally called him by the wrong name. "Congratulations to Harry Styles, let's have another performance, this is a singer-songwriter who is the spirit of the BRIT Awards in human form. "Here with his amazing number one single Forget Me, it's the brilliant, go crazy, Sam Capaldi." READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ Unfortunately for The Masked Singer panellist, this didn't go unnoticed by viewers at home. @Alice_aviates joked: "Sam Capaldi is about the most Lewis Capaldi thing to happen with Lewis Capaldi #Brits2023." @AhmedHathout tweeted: "Not Mo Gilligan saying "Sam Capaldi" instead of "Lewis Capaldi" ... you had one job @MoTheComedian #BRITs." (sic) @grapejuicebleu said: "….Is Sam Capaldi not lewis Capaldi? Did I miss something? #BRITs." Laughing, @SunshineAmoir commented: "You just know @LewisCapaldi is changing his Social media to Sam Capaldi any moment." @BobbyGlennie added: "Lewis Capaldi and Sam Smith backstage waiting to come out after Mo's b**** up #BRITS". Shortly after Capaldi finished his performance which gained a huge round of applause, Mo quickly addressed his mistake. Addressing audiences at home, he apologised for the blunder, joking it was because of having too much to drink. DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt replaced on Saturday Kitchen as Alex Jones steps in  [REPLACEMENT]ITV viewers complain minutes into Brit Awards as fans slam format  [REACTION]Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [CAST] The Brit Awards has aired every year for almost five decades but this is the first time it has been held on a Saturday night. It has been reported that the schedule shake-up has been made to help boost audience figures which fell to an all-time low of 2.7 million people last year. In the 1990s, the awards show regularly attracted around nine million viewers but has plummeted over the years. It is also hoped that fans will once again tune in thanks to the star-studded line-up ready to take to the stage to perform. From Harry Styles and Sam Smith to Lizzo and Lewis Capaldi, there are a number of household names performing at the Brits to bring in the crowds. It is believed the former One Director star Styles could be in for a particularly good night after his success at the Grammys where he won best album for Harry's House. Tonight, he is also up for the best artist, best pop art and song of the year for As It Was which was number one for a whopping 15 weeks. This time, his competition will be Dua Lipa, indie duo Wet Leg and Stormzy. The Brit Awards is available to watch on the ITV Hub.