Good Morning Britain host Susanna Reid reportedly lost her patience on the ITV morning show recently, confronting producers over a string of "embarrassing" blunders, inaccuracies, and misspellings. The presenter was keen to ensure there were "high standards" on the show.  It came as recent instalments of the show saw various mistakes slipping through onto screens. One saw news correspondent Ben Chapman reporting live from Romania, with his surname spelt incorrectly. Another saw the word "remembering" spelt incorrectly during a tribute to a celebrity death. Additionally, the wrong date was also written on screens as Susanna presented during another incident. READ MORE: BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up A source has claimed Susanna "made her feelings very clear" and "confronted production staff." Speaking to The Sun, they added: "Susanna is totally professional and just wants high standards — as Piers [Morgan] or any other presenter would have done. "The last thing anyone wants is her walking away in anger." They added: "She made her feelings very clear, and confronted the senior executives over it.” Express.co.uk has contacted ITV and GMB for comment. Susanna wasn't alone in becoming frustrated by the mistakes, with ITV viewers taking to social media to slam the incidents. Twitter user @TonySpinola2 recently pointed out: "Your poster shown on this mornings news for the missing male Levi is wrong check the date it is showing October 2023 #GMB." @shaunwalton noted: "@GMB someone can’t spell ‘remembering’ on the wall when referring to ‘Remembering Lisa Marie Presley’ earlier." Susanna has been a Good Morning Britain broadcaster since 2014 and most of her career on the show was spent alongside her former co-host Piers, who left in 2021. DON'T MISS... Good Morning Britain fans 'switch off' over 'smug' guest [REACTION]Striclty Come Dancing pro opens up on relationship with 'wife' co-star [LATEST]Happy Valley’s Nev exposed as Tommy’s dad as fans 'work out' twist [THEORY] Since then, Susanna has presented with different hosts on a rotating basis, including Ben Shephard, Richard Madeley and more. Before she started her ITV career, Susanna had also been a BBC Breakfast presenter from 2001 to 2014. She worked alongside the late Bill Turnbull during her time on the show, and has recently been among the famous faces to pay tribute to him following his death. Bill sadly died in August last year after being diagnosed with cancer. Earlier this week, Susanna explained on Good Morning Britain that she still goes to message her former co-star. "I miss him all the time actually, there are times that I want to message him because of something that has happened and I'm not able to do that," she stated. "Just sending his lovely family all our love this morning." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.