Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have rubbished claims that they are considering legal action against South Park, which poked fun at them in the 26th season of the animated satire. A spokesperson for the Sussexes rejected the notion of the episode having legal ramifications, branding it “baseless and boring”. Rumours swirled about the couple possibly considering action after an unconfirmed report claimed their "legal team are casting an eye" over the South Park episode titled The Worldwide Privacy Tour. What's more, sources close to the couple claim that Meghan has spent the past few days "upset and overwhelmed" about how she was portrayed. Rejecting the possibility of taking legal action, a spokesperson for the Sussexes told People: "It's all frankly nonsense. Totally baseless, boring reports." The show roasted the Sussexes, describing the Princess of Canada - a thinly veiled parody of Meghan - as a "sorority girl, actress, influencer, victim" at one point during the episode. Harry also comes in for a drubbing during the show, with his memoir, Spare, referenced. READ MORE: 'I almost cried!' What Americans really think of Harry and Meghan's South Park appearance The host of a fictional talk show titled a loosely based autobiography as "Waaagh" in the cartoon. During the breakfast television show, called Good Morning Canada, the "prince of Canada and his wife" are seen holding placards that read “we want privacy” and “stop looking at us”. Meghan and Harry eventually relocated, in a bid to find privacy, to the small town of South Park, and bought their new home just next door to Kyle's. The house, drawn in typical South Park style, looked decorated with signs asking people to "respect our privacy" and "leave us alone". DON'T MISSOhio mayor savages Biden after Ukraine visit [LATEST]Meghan Markle seeking 'support' after feeling 'embarrased' [INSIGHT]US-China tensions setting stage for war [REPORT US reaction to the show has further fanned the flames, with viewers revelling in the depiction of the Sussexes. Vicky from New York tweeted: "Indeed they have become a laughing stock." She added that "the South Park episode is a much deserved and scathing reflection of Harry and Meghan’s real-life self-glorification", suggesting the couple had reached "parodic level". Likewise, Mike from Wisconsin praised South Park's creators for the depiction, tweeting: "God bless Trey Parker and Matt Stone." READ MORE: South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Meghan and Harry sue, says lawyer The parody comes after opinion polls suggest Harry and Meghan's popularity is on the decline in the US. A poll of 2,000 US voters published six days after the release of Spare found the Duke's popularity had slumped stateside. Prior to publication, Harry had a favourability rating of +38, according to a December 5 poll of 2,000 US voters for Newsweek. As of January 16, this had plunged to -7. His wife has also taken a hit following the release of Spare, the poll suggested. Meghan now has an approval rating of -13, compared to +23 on December 5. The poll also found women were slightly less likely to like Meghan than men. Asked about whether Harry was right to reveal intimate conversations with his family members in the memoir, 44 percent said he was wrong, with 26 percent saying he was right.