Tesco has today, February 27, launched a brand new meal deal alongside its existing £3.40 meal deal. This new offer is £5 for Clubcard members and includes more products.    The new meal deal gives customers even more options when it comes to quick, on-the-go meals or snacks. Shoppers can now pick products from popular brands itsu, YO! Sushi, and Pollen and Grace as part of their meal deal. Items from Tesco’s Finest range are also available, as well as main meals from Wicked Kitchen. To mark the launch, Tesco invited two meal deal enthusiasts to be the first ones to try the new offer. READ MORE: Inside lavish royal home where Queen Mother had her honeymoon Hannah Hoad and Greg Dwight were invited to Watford, Greater London’s Tesco Extra to try out the meal deals. To start with, the couple were given Graze BBQ Crunch and Popped Sweet and Salty Popcorn. This was followed by a main of YO! Rainbow Salmon Poke Bowl and Tesco Finest Roast Beef, as well as a West Country Cheddar and Truffle Mayo Tiger Roll. Alongside the food, the couple was served ice-cold sparkling drinks in champagne flutes. DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] Giving his opinion on the new meal deal, Greg said: “We’ve always had our ideal ‘go to’ choices, but this new Meal Deal really mixes things up. “There are so many new mains options with incredible flavours you wouldn’t expect, like truffle or n’duja. “We can’t wait to try more of them. And the best bit is the great value, especially with our Clubcards - we love a bargain.” Alessandra Bellini, Tesco Chief Customer Officer added: ‘‘We know that our Tesco Meal Deal is hugely popular with our customers, and is a lunchtime staple for millions of people day in, day out. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures “But sometimes you want to treat yourself to something a little special, and the new Premium Meal Deal gives our shoppers the opportunity to upgrade their usual lunch choices. “Featuring a wide range of mains including new Finest and Wicked Kitchen sandwiches and salads, as well as options from itsu, YO! Sushi and Pollen & Grace, there are over four million combinations to be tried. “What’s more, at only £5 for the full meal, Clubcard members really can enjoy gourmet on the go.” The new premium meal deal has 33 different main choices and 10 brand new Tesco Finest and Wicked products on offer. The exciting new flavours include Tesco Finest Roast Beef, West Country Cheddar and Truffle Mayo Tiger Roll, the Tesco Finest Chicken and N'duja Wrap, and the YO! Rainbow Salmon Poke. Not only can customers pick up premium mains, but they can also choose from any of the regular snacks and drinks that they usually enjoy with a meal deal. These include branded products such as Walkers, Propercorn, Graze, Cadbury, Oasis and Coca Cola. The new meal deal costs just £5 for Clubcard holders, meaning they save a huge £3.74, when compared to buying the items separately.