Food inflation has left many fruits and vegetables off-limits when it comes to grocery shopping but beetroot remains one of the most affordable ingredients on supermarket shelves. Though it's not often used in warming risotto, chef Lisa Marley has shared her exclusive recipe to help you turn this colourful vegetable into a healthy meal. Speaking exclusively to Expresss.co.uk, plant-based chef and nutritionist Lisa Marley (@lisamarleychef on Instagram) said: "Beetroot is a root vegetable that’s packed with essential nutrients. They are a great source of fibre, folate, manganese, potassium, iron, and vitamin C. "Beetroots have long been associated with many health benefits, including improved blood flow, lower blood pressure, and increased exercise performance. They also thought to increase stamina.  "They are also thought to be one of the most potent antioxidant vegetables available. The betalain compounds have been shown to have high antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, which are thought to protect cells and may help fight heart disease and cancer." READ MORE: Chef Lisa Marley shares key to 'extremely crispy' roast potatoes With so many benefits of eating this popular pink vegetable, there's no better way to enjoy it than in a hot, home-cooked risotto. Lisa added: "Risotto is a northern Italian rice dish cooked and stirred with broth until it reaches a creamy consistency. Arborio rice is the best rice to make risotto. It has a plump stubby grain and a high starch content, which give it a perfect balance of creaminess and bite, making it ideal for a traditional risotto. "Adding beetroot to the risotto gives it a sweet, earthy flavour as well as beautiful vibrant colour." To make Lisa's recipe, you need just a few affordable ingredients that can be purchased from your local supermarket. DON'T MISS...Mum’s simple method for 'super crispy bacon' in under 5 minutes [REVEAL]Air fryer pancake recipe for 'fluffy pancakes' [RECIPE]Brits share their top kitchen calamities - like missing ingredients [INSIGHT] READ MORE: Low sugar recipes to satisfy your sweet cravings using root vegetable Start by heating the oil in a large pan over medium heat. Add in the onion and garlic and cook for five minutes until soft and fragrant. Lisa noted that if it starts to stick, you can add a splash of the stock to avoid burning the flavours. Add in the dry risotto rice and stir for a few seconds before pouring in the liquid ingredients. Add the wine (or vinegar if using) and allow it to evaporate to infuse all of the rich flavours. Combine the shredded beetroot in the pan and stir before adding the stock. Slowly pour the stock in, one ladle at a time, allowing the liquid to be absorbed before adding the next. Once all the stock is added and the mixture is thick and creamy, add in the butter and cheese. Serve immediately with a garnish of fresh parsley.