Kate Middleton, 41, and Sophie Wessex, 58, both love wearing suede high heels. Whether it's Emmy London, Gianvito Rossi, Jimmy Choo, Prada, or L.K. Bennett, the two royal women own multiple pairs. Just recently, the Countess of Wessex visited The Hague in The Netherlands in relation to her continuous work bringing awareness to conflict-related sexual violence. Sophie wore her Harris Wharf Maxi coat with a blue and brown belt which she paired with her Helmut Lang "Gala" Stretch-Twill Blazer for £375. To accessorise, the Countess carried her Sophie Habsburg "Belle de Jour" Clutch in Pony Tobacco. For jewellery, Sophie wore her Lucia Odescalchi "Changing Berlin" Earrings and her Cassandra Goad "Love the Life" Quote Pendant which costs £925. But it was the Countess' shoes which drew royal fans' attention. Sophie wore her Prada Pointed Toe Navy Suede Pumps which she has owned as far back as 2016. Royal fan @royalspectator wrote on Instagram: "Kate and Sophie need to have someone take care of their suede shoes. "I brush and treat mine after each wear, theirs always seem in need of attention - Sophie's here look bad on the toes."   Kate Middleton has also been caught out with her suede shoes looking worn out on her toes in the past. In 2020, on a royal tour to Galway, the Princess of Wales stepped out wearing her Ralph Lauren Collection Black Suede High Heel Boots. She has been seen wearing these boots since 2018. On the trip, Kate paired her shoes with a custom Suzannah green dress with long sleeves and a midi hemline. The mother of three accessorised with a Jimmy Choo Palace clutch, according to royal watchers. While out and about, she bundled up in an Alexander McQueen coat that was also a repeat item. However, when wearing her boots, royal fans were also quick to spot the toes of the boots had worn out slightly and appeared white in colour. In January 2022, Kate visited Shout, the mental health service she started with Prince William, Prince Harry, and Meghan Markle, and again wore these Ralph Lauren boots. The shoes still featured worn-out toes, which surprised fans as she's well-known for having excellent stylists who can take care of her outfits. Importantly, suede shoes should never be put in the washing machine. They can generally be cleaned by rubbing them with a damp, lint-free cloth or a specialist suede brush. It's best to do this in straight motions but in different directions, as this will help remove dirt without pushing it deeper into the fibres. Ensuring the shoes are completely dry, royal fans should use a suede brush to gently brush away the dirt and grime in small motions with a light hand.