The head of Putin's vile mercenary group has been honouring his fellow warlords by sending them sledgehammers, which his men have used as part of brutal executions. The Wagner Group have previously sent the symbolic sledgehammer engraved with their insignia to EU officials as a dire warning to the bloc after it labelled Wagner a terrorist group. Yevgeny Prigozhin, the creator of Wagner Group, has posed in a photograph with Major General Apti Alaudinov who wields one of these sledgehammers. Alaudinov, 50, is the commander of the Akhmat special forces unit, who recently survived a so-called "assassination attempt" by poisoning. Akhmat consists of Chechen fighters who have been fighting in Ukraine and have been accused of war crimes including the murder of civilians in the Buchany area within the Kyiv Oblast.  A week after the alleged poisoning, Alaudinov was spotted with his new weapon in the photograph with Prigozhin.The weapon has started to become a symbol of the Wagner Group, who seem to have used it to execute people including their own men.  Most recently, one of their own fighters accused of treason was taped to a metal block on the wall while a sledgehammer-wielding fighter stood behind him.The video ends with Dimitry Yakushchenko, 44, lying on the floor after having the side of his head and neck hit by the weapon. Before the brutal attack, he confessed that he had been part of a prisoner swap between Ukraine and the Wagner Group. "Today I was in the streets of Dnipro, where I received a blow to the head and lost consciousness," he said. "I woke up in this room where I was told that I was going to be tried [for desertion]".   Yevgeny Prigozhin, the creator of Wagner Group, has posed in a photograph with Major General Apti Alaudinov who wields one of these sledgehammers. Alaudinov, 50, is the commander of the Akhmat special forces unit, who recently survived a so-called "assassination attempt" by poisoning. Akhmat consists of Chechen fighters who have been fighting in Ukraine and have been accused of war crimes including the murder of civilians in the Buchany area within the Kyiv Oblast. A week after the alleged poisoning, Alaudinov was spotted with his new weapon in the photograph with Prigozhin. The weapon has started to become a symbol of Wagner Group, who seem to have used the weapon to execute people including their own men. READ MORE: Woman claiming to be Madeleine McCann will take DNA test Don't miss... German girl claims she's found 'evidence' she is Madeleine McCann [LATEST] Biden enters Ukraine via train for 'historic' meeting [LATEST] Ex-Navy head Putin will think UK 'won't fight' with current spending [LATEST] But people have speculated the video was staged as Yakushchenko has since been seen in more footage, claiming he had been "forgiven" for his "mistakes". The man, from Crimea, was first seen in a Ukrainian recording, explaining how he escaped after being on the frontline. He said after his fourth-day fighting, he took his machine gun, some ammunition, and some grenades. He said he accidentally crawled into the Ukrainian side as he hid from shooting and drones above. At the time, he urged other Russians to desert their post. A sledgehammer was also used to kill convicted murderer Yevgeny Nuzhin, 55, in November. Nuzhin, who enlisted in the Wagner Group during the invasion, was said to be executed for claims of treason. In recent months, the mercenary group are thought to have taken massive casualties. Out of 50,000 people conscripted to the group from Russian jails, 40,000 are believed to be dead, missing, or have deserted their posts. Anybody who is captured for desertion by the group is likely to suffer a similar fate to Nuzhin. But it's not just hammering the group used to punish their men. They also reportedly cut off fingers or castrate and skin their men alive. 