Just after The Beatles broke up in 1970, things were very tense between the Fab Four. This was exemplified in 1973 when George Harrison (who would have turned 80-years-old today, February 25, 2023) lost his temper during a meet-up with John Lennon that ultimately left the Imagine singer stunned in abject fear. Obviously, the wounds from the band's split were still quite fresh for the young Quiet Beatle. At the time Lennon was on what he called his "Lost Weekend". The name is a reference to a book and film of the same name, where a man makes bad decisions and struggles with the consequences. Lennon's version of this involved him breaking up with his wife, Yoko Ono, and starting a relationship with his former assistant, May Pang. The tryst - which was approved by Ono - only lasted 18 months. But during that time, Lennon paraded around New York City and Los Angeles with his young new girlfriend. One night, he and Pang met up with Harrison in a hotel suite and he was ready to crack. Pang wrote about the scenario in her book, Loving John. She explained Harrison seemed "edgy" as soon as they got together. Eventually, Lennon offered to play Madison Square Garden with Harrison - but this was enough to make the young singer snap. "Then George’s anger really burst forth,” Pang wrote. "It was the first of a series of explosions, each of them followed by moments of tense silence." Pang recalled Harrison screamed at Lennon: "Where were you when I needed you!?" The young woman remembered Harrison became increasingly angry throughout the night before telling Lennon he wanted to "look him in the eyes". Lennon obliged, swapping out his dark, circular sunglasses for his regular reading glasses. This, apparently, wasn't enough for Harrison. "Suddenly, [Harrison] reached over," Pang wrote. "Yanked John’s glasses from his face, and dashed them to the floor. His face was a mask of fury and contempt; I had never seen an angrier man." DON'T MISS...The Beatles' 'friction' with The Rolling Stones detailed by JaggerThe Beatles 'teaming up with The Rolling Stones' in historic team-upPaul McCartney broke down over John Lennon song on Desert Island Discs Pang explained that Harrison's utter anger "paralysed" Lennon where he sat. He dared not respond to his former bandmate. Harrison was known for being the more reserved member of the band - hence the nickname The Quiet Beatle - so for him to explode with such ferocity meant he was truly upset. Pang said they remained in the hotel suite together until well past midnight, but the argument did eventually end. The next morning, over breakfast, Harrison buried the hatchet. Pang wrote: "As soon as George saw John, he hugged him and kissed him." Harrison asked Lennon: "Please forgive me. I wasn’t feeling well last night. I didn’t mean to get upset." Lennon obliged, and accepted the apology. Pang said: "It was as if the previous night had not occurred.” SOURCE