Raphinha says he has no problem with Xavi despite the Brazilian throwing a tantrum after being subbed by the Barcelona boss during the 2-2 draw with Manchester United. The former Leeds attacker was in fine form throughout the encounter as he netted the equaliser for his side after United had taken the lead through Jules Kounde's own goal.  But to the surprise of the player and many watching the spectacle, Raphinha was taken off in the closing stages of the match. It's safe to say he was not pleased as he left the field in a strop before continuing to sulk in the dugout. In fact, cameras spotted Raphinha punching the back of some of the chairs within the dugout out of frustration with the call. Now Raphinha has moved to clarify the ordeal as he issued an apology to his manager and team-mates ahead of the second leg at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call "I've already apologised and I will do it again in training. I want to say sorry for my reaction after the change - it won't happen again," Raphinha said. "I don't have any problem with Xavi or the club, I just wanted to be on the pitch." Xavi had no issue with Raphinha's reaction though as he believed it showed passion for the shirt and cause. "That is normal, this is football. I say to the players that they have to be angry. That's normal, it is football," Xavi said. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race "The problem is when they don't have an attitude on the pitch and the attitude of Raphinha is amazing." After a tough start to life in Catalonia, Raphinha has really kicked on after the World Cup break to justify his £55million price tag. Initially, the ex-Rennes, Sporting and Leeds man had struggled to perform at Barca as Ousmane Dembele was preferred in attack. Yet his numbers are now much improved having found the net three times in his last four starts in all competitions. Overall, Xavi was happy with the character Barcelona showed to fight their way back into the match after going 2-1 down following Marcos Alonso's opener. Xavi said: "It was a really tough game, really difficult with a lot of intensity, passion, and rhythm. I think we have to be proud because we competed really well until the end. We could have won in the last two chances but we played today against a top team in Europe. "I think Manchester United is coming back and today they showed the best version. We competed really well, we need to be proud. Now we need to compete well in Old Trafford. "I think both teams are more or less in the same moment, in the same position that we are coming back. I said to Erik Ten Hag 'congratulations' because he is doing very well, but they are Manchester United. "Yes it can be a final, or semi-final or quarter-final in the future of Champions League but now we are in Europa League, we are coming back and today we show a very good performance from both teams."