Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has three players he now can't afford not to start against AC Milan in the first leg of their Champions League clash this evening. Spurs still have the FA Cup as a trophy they will fancy their chances of winning while they're also in the hunt for a top-four finish. But fans will also be hoping for a Champions League run with their European campaign getting back underway this evening at the San Siro. However, their task has been made even harder following injuries to Hugo Lloris, Ryan Sessegnon, Yves Bissouma and Rodrigo Bentancur as well as Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg's suspension. It means Conte will have to name a starting line-up he's yet to field this season with fringe players now playing a pivotal role. Lloris' injury now puts Fraser Forster as the club's No 1 option in goal and Conte will need the experienced Englishman on top of his game. Brandon Austin is the only other option in goal for Tottenham, but he's yet to make a single appearance for the north London club making Forster undroppable at the moment. But it's also in midfield where Conte now has two players he will need to rely on due to the injury crisis.  Both Oliver Skipp and Pape Matar Sarr are expected to start together for just the second time this season. The pair played in Tottenham's FA Cup win over Portsmouth last month and will be needed for the trip to Milan due to injuries to Bentancur and Bissouma as well as Hojbjerg's suspension. Eric Dier is an option to be pushed up into midfield, but Conte has shown a reluctance to make that move. Skipp and Sarr have been on the fringes of Conte's squad all season, but now find themselves thrust into the limelight on the European stage. Sarr didn't play any part of the group stage matches for Spurs, being an unused substitute on five occasions. Meanwhile, Skipp featured twice off the bench in wins over Frankfurt and Marseille.  And the midfield pair only have four Premier League starts between them this season. But, despite their lack of experience, Conte is hoping the young duo can step up to the test. He said: "The solution we have in our house with the two young players, Skippy and Pape Sarr. We are talking about two young players. They are the first game in the Champions League. "They are really young, 20 and 22 years-old, but we have to be good to help them overcome the emotion, but we trust them."