Jesse Marsch is a decorated football manager who most recently managed Premier League side Leeds United but looks set for a return with Southampton. The 49-year-old played 14 seasons as a midfielder in the MLS with DC United, Chicago Fire, and Chivas USA, winning three league titles and four US Open Cup titles, as well as earning two caps for the United States national team. In 2010, Marsch retired from his playing career and became a coach, first serving as an assistant with the US national team under Bob Bradley that reached the last 16 of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa. He then became the inaugural head coach of the Montreal Impact upon its entry to MLS in 2012. In 2015, after a year-long stint as the assistant coach for his alma mater, the Princeton Tigers, Marsch was hired as head coach of the New York Red Bulls and stayed in the role through the first half of the 2018 MLS season. In his first year coaching the team, the Red Bulls won the Supporters' Shield and Marsch was named MLS Coach of the Year. Marsch holds the record for most wins by a coach in the franchises history. In 2018, Marsch was appointed as an assistant coach at German Bundesliga club RB Leipzig under Ralf Rangnick, currently the manager of the Austria national team. The team placed third in the league, was runner-up in the German Cup, and competed in the UEFA Europa League. The following season, Marsch was appointed the successor to Marco Rose as coach of Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He led the club to a league and cup double in two consecutive seasons, as Salzburg made successive Champions League group stage appearances for the first time in club history. But it was a difficult time for the American, as his wife battled breast cancer and he was forced to manage the club from his kitchen while suffering from coronavirus. He returned to RB Leipzig as club coach for the 2021-22 season, leaving by mutual consent in December before joining Leeds United in February. Upon taking the job, Marsh said he believed 'Ted Lasso' hasn’t helped American coaches working in football - before using a quote that could have come straight from the show’s script. Ted Lasso, an Apple TV show based on an American manager who is appointed boss of fictitious Premier League side AFC Richmond, was one of the most popular shows of last year and won multiple Emmys. During his first press conference, Marsh joked: "I think there's probably a stigma [around American coaches]. I'm not sure Ted Lasso helped. "I haven't watched the show but I get it. People hate hearing the word soccer, I've used the word football since I was a professional football player." The American was sacked by Leeds just eight days ago. However, he could be set for an immediate return to management with Southampton. According to reports, he is set to return to the dugout with the struggling Saints, who axed Nathan Jones after a string of poor results. Marsch is believed to have held talks with the club on Monday (February 13) having stayed in the UK after leaving Leeds. Apart from his native English, Marsch also speaks fluent German, which he learned at age 44. The Wisconsin native went viral after he delivered an inspirational team talk when he was manager of RB Salzburg. It occurred during the Austrian side's Champions League game against Liverpool in 2019, when both teams delivered one of the most memorable games of the competition. Having gone 3-0 down, Salzburg were in danger of being humiliated at Anfield, however, Hwang Hee-Chan pulled one back on the verge of the break. As his squad gathered in the dressing room, Marsch delivered the instructions in a blend of German and English in a bid to motivate his team to get back into the game. Mixing between the two continental languages, he ranted: "Firstly, how many fouls have we committed? Maybe two? It’s not a f***ing friendly, it’s a Champions League match. We’ve got to play more physical and get stuck in." Continuing, he concluded: "Let’s f***ing raise our will, our fight. "We’re going to talk about tactics but when we step on to that field with more confidence and will. Now it’s us against them. "Self-confidence, physicality, that’s what it’s all about. They are not so dangerous with set-pieces. Come on, we have more to offer." The talk clearly worked as within 15 minutes of the second half, Salzburg found themselves level. Takumi Minamino scored the second goal before Erling Haaland announced himself on the world stage as he came off the bench to equalise and put the pressure on the Reds. Speaking of Haaland, Marsch claims he knew within two days of working with the striker at Salzburg that he was a special talent. Marsch teamed up with the Manchester City phenomenon, then just 18, who was struggling to establish himself and had scored just one goal for the Austrian side. But he quickly impressed Marsch with his attitude and ability and amassed 24 goals in the first half of that season, including four hat-tricks, to earn an £18m ($22m) move to Borussia Dortmund that January. Marsch is still in touch with his former player, with the Norwegian star growing up as a Leeds United fan as his dad, Alf-Inge, played for them in the late 1990s. Ahead of Leeds United's clash with Manchester City on December 28 last year, Marsh revealed: "Erling texted me as soon as the schedule came out and said he’s most excited for this game, so I’ve given him permission to have a small hamstring injury for this match." Away from football, Marsh shares three children with his wife Kim, daughter Emerson, 20, and sons Maduxx, 18, and Lennon, 15. The American will now be preparing for his return to management with Southampton - just a week on from his sacking by fellow strugglers Leeds. The club currently sit bottom of the Premier League, four points from safety.