Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been advised to join local rivals Tottenham in the race for James Maddison, who would provide a big boost to the Gunners’ squad in the summer. The Leicester star has admirers across the Premier League including Spurs and Newcastle while there were rumours that he could leave in the January transfer window, though he opted to stay at the King Power Stadium. The England midfielder’s contract at Brendan Rodgers’ outfit expires in 2024 and the longer he stalls on a new deal the more realistic a summer transfer becomes, while Spurs have been interested in the 26-year-old and Antonio Conte’s assistant Cristian Stellini did let slip that they "like" their opponent on Saturday. Former Liverpool striker Stan Collymore believes that Arsenal moving for Maddison could help elevate Martin Odegaard’s game even further. “I wonder if Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal may think about signing him too,” Collymore wrote for CaughtOffside regarding Maddison. “They’re almost guaranteed to be in the Champions League next season so they’ll want options and providing Martin Odegaard with competition could be key to the Norwegian going from strength to strength. READ MORE: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Mikel Arteta's brilliant Arsenal “I think Arteta would welcome a player as confident as Maddison coming in as well. His personality is a bit like Marmite – he’s a player you either love or hate and there’s been a few instances in the past where his behaviour has been questioned so his future will depend on his attitude now, which does seem to have improved. “The biggest area he needs to work on now is his level of consistency. He’s never really had a solid season from start to finish, but if he can string together a good second half of the campaign and be instrumental in the Foxes staying up, then I’m sure a lot of clubs, including Newcastle and Arsenal, will be in for him come the summer window.” DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges Odegaard has had a stellar season under Arteta as he has become a key player for the Premier League leaders, missing just one league game so far this campaign. The Norwegian has been able to be rested this year, however, as he made just two starts in the Europa League and his only domestic cup appearance was a cameo off the bench in the FA Cup against Manchester City. Next year Arsenal will likely be vying for Champions League glory and Odegaard will have extra fixtures to compete in. While Fabio Vieira is his current understudy, Arteta has been reluctant to use the summer signing and Maddison could be trusted to provide additional quality while Odegaard isn’t on the pitch and can also cover both wide positions.