Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 38, have not yet confirmed their attendance at King Charles III's coronation on May 6, 2023. The Duke of Sussex addressed the matter in his ITV interview with Tom Bradby. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex flew over to the UK for Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last June, accompanied by their children, Archie and Lilibet. If Harry and Meghan do attend the coronation, it is unlikely that Archie and Lilibet will join them. The service falls on a very special day for the Sussexes – Archie is set to turn four on May 6 – and while it seems unlikely that we will see the little boy at the coronation, it may be down to another reason other than his birthday. At the time of Queen Elizabeth II's coronation in 1953, her daughter Princess Anne, who was just two at the time, was considered too young to attend the service at Westminster Abbey. READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed'  Then-Prince Charles was present for his mother's coronation, and despite being only four at the time, it's likely he was only allowed to attend because of being heir to the throne. Harry and Meghan's children, Archie and Lilibet, are currently sixth and seventh in the line of succession, and are not expected to become full-time working royals in future, particularly as the Duke and Duchess stepped back from royal duties in January 2020. Archie and Lilibet did not make any public appearances during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, so it seems unlikely that royal fans will see them at the coronation, even if their parents do attend. Lilibet's first birthday last year coincided with the Platinum Jubilee, and Harry and Meghan shared in their Netflix docuseries that they celebrated their little girl's birthday in the garden at their UK home, Frogmore Cottage.   At the late Queen's Jubilee, the monarch was supported by her family who made a number of public appearances to show their support and love for her. It was also when little Prince Louis really stepped into the spotlight, winning over the nation with his cheeky personality, dance moves and funny faces. Will Louis and his older siblings also take part in their grandfather's coronation? The first sighting of Prince William and Princess Kate's children will likely come on the big day itself.  READ MORE: Beatrice stepped out in Sophie Wessex's baby pink dress - pictures Certainly, Prince George and Princess Charlotte are expected to watch the coronation as it takes place at Westminster Abbey. It remains to be seen whether Prince Louis, four, is considered a little too young for the formal event. Although given its importance, William and Kate might make an exception. Little Louis is highly likely to attend the big concert with his family on Saturday, however.  He famously attended the Platinum Party at the Palace – clearly in his absolute element – and was at one point seen watching the performers while sitting on his grandfather's knee. Prince Louis' close bond with King Charles has been evident on many occasions since his birth in 2018. He has been seen grabbing his grandfather's nose in his official birthday portraits, waving at him energetically, and trying to get over to him on the balcony of Buckingham Palace by cutting in front of his late great-grandmother the Queen. Therefore, there have been a number of very sweet moments between the duo. 