British Gas parent company Centrica has reported a surge in its annual underlying operating profits. The firm's earnings skyrocketed to £2.8billion as Britons struggled to meet the cost of living. The reported profits mark a threefold increase from £392million in 2021, establishing a new record. The last record-breaking year for Centrica was in 2012, when the firm reported profit margins of £2.7billion. The latest boost for the firm follows a year of high energy prices prompted by the war in Ukraine. Wholesale prices rose to new highs as supplies dropped, caused in part by sanctions imposed on Vladimir Putin's government. While the news will be welcome for the firm's investors, it may leave many Britons incensed after gas bills left them cash-strapped. READ MORE: Thrifty mum shares six tips to save money during half-term Political leaders have called on the Government to impose a windfall tax to help relieve pressure on Britons. Sir Ed Davey, leader of the Liberal Democrats, said oil and gas businesses have made "billions off the back of hardworking families". He said: "This is a betrayal for British Gas customers across the country who are struggling to keep their heating on. "Once again the Government's failure to implement a proper windfall tax is allowing oil and gas businesses to make billions off the back of hardworking families." "What makes this worse is that thousands of British Gas families have had their homes broken into and prepayments forcibly installed because they could no longer afford to pay their sky-high bills. "This cannot continue. Liberal Democrats are calling for the Conservatives to finally bring in a proper Windfall Tax and the cancellation of Government plans to increase energy bills by £500 in April." Charities have also condemned the news, with Tom Marsland, policy manager at disability equality charity Scope, branding news of the rising profits "obscene". He said: “It’s obscene that energy companies continue to make massive profits as disabled people face devastating situations because they can't afford enough energy." “Life costs a lot more when you’re disabled. "We’re being inundated with heart-breaking calls from disabled people who haven’t eaten for days, who can’t afford energy to charge wheelchairs and stairlifts, but are still racking up huge energy debts. “As we’ve seen, many have been forced onto prepayment meters as a result, putting lives and health in danger. “Energy companies need to start putting disabled customers first." “We need a social energy tariff - a discounted rate - for disabled people, to put an end to sky-high energy bills.” British Gas performed less impressively than its owner firm, but saw an increase in its residential customer base last year. The company's adjusted operating profit decreased, falling to £72 million in 2022 from £118 million in 2021. The 39 percent decline came as the firm added four percent to its customer base, providing for 7.5 million households.