Nina frequently presents BBC Breakfast but also works as the show's business and consumer reporter. After catching up with Jon Kay and Sally Nugent on the latest goings-on in the business world, Nina's attention was turned to her role in this year's Eurovision podcast, and as she excitedly talked about her passion for the event.  Nina wrapped up her business segment and Sally took the opportunity to ask her about her new project. "Nina, you've got a really busy morning this morning, haven't you?" she pointed out. "Telling us about what's happening in the high street but you're also talking to us about your favourite subject... Eurovision!" "Yes, yes!" Nina grinned. "So there was a handover last night, they came to Liverpool we talked on Breakfast yesterday and we're talking about it this morning. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit "I'm co-hosting the Eurovision podcast, which is the official BBC podcast." The journalist continued: "So I'm going to be on as a guest with our co-hosts a little bit later on telling you what you can expect from the podcast, which is all the behind-the-scenes gossip." Nina's love of the annual singing event was clear as she explained: "And I am on a mission to convince people - the sneerers - because most of my life people have laughed at me for how much I love Eurovision. "This is the year that people will realise they've been wrong for all of these decades! "It's like when you love a band at school, and no one thinks they're going to go anywhere then all of a sudden everybody gets on board and you say, 'I told you so!' this is the year it will happen in Liverpool." Catching her co-star's eye, Nina laughed as she commented: "Jon, you don't..." Jon had appeared surprised by Nina's speech, and Sally explained: "Jon is like, 'Who are you, and what have you done with Nina?'" "Anyone who's in that mindset is going to struggle to vibe around here, I think!" Jon quipped. DON'T MISS... EastEnders heartbreak for Zack and Whitney over tragic news [SPOILER]Happy Valley kitchen clue confirms location of Tommy's final attack [THEORY]Paul Martin shares staggering amount unique 18th Century ‘treasure’ [EXCLUSIVE] He went on: "She's got these cool new friends now..." "I don't need you anymore, yeah," Nina added, jokingly dismissing her colleagues. "You know what, she's got a podcast now and she won't even talk to us!" Sally admitted. "I listened to the first episode last night - it's great, it's fun, it's brilliant," Jon praised. "Thank you," Nina replied. "It's fun, it is very different and do you know what? At the moment things are really challenging. "Things have been tough for the past couple of years, for almost every household, let's be honest. We need that injection of joy and that's what Eurovision is." "Totally, and we'll be playing a piece a little bit later from that handover ceremony in Liverpool last night," Jon told viewers. "The only thing is, I can't stop singing lots of the songs," Nina confessed. "They just go around in my head, I've been watching on YouTube." "All of the songs? Or is there one particular song that's in your head?" Sally probed, to which Nina responded: "I'll tell you later." BBC Breakfast airs on weekdays from 6am on BBC One.