  Presenter Gabby Logan, 49, and Gary Lineker, 62, have led the tributes to former colleague John Motson following the news of his death. The legendary sports commentator had an incredible 50-year career with the BBC.    Taking to Instagram, Gabby posted a touching tribute on her story in view of her 178,000 followers. “Rest in peace Motty,” she wrote with a prayer emoji under a picture of the late commentator. “An icon of the genre. Grew up listening to his joy and poetry. Lucky enough to have worked with him.” During his life, John covered 10 World Cups, 10 European Championships and 29 FA Cup finals for BBC Sport before retiring from the organisation in 2018. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson slams ambition as he hints at Meghan row consequences   Meanwhile, Gary took to Twitter to pay tribute in view of his 8.6 million followers. "Deeply saddened to hear that John Motson has died," he wrote. "A quite brilliant commentator and the voice of football in this country for generations. "He’ll be very much missed. RIP Motty," he added.  Many other high-profile figures and sportsmen took to Twitter to pay tribute, including members of the Royal Family and comedian David Baddiel. The Prince and Princess of Wales posted online: "Very sad to hear about the passing of John Motson - a legend whose voice was football. My thoughts are with his family and friends. W." David wrote: "John Motson. Oy. Feels impossible: a voice that, at one time, *was* football. RIP." (sic) Piers Morgan tweeted: "John Motson was the greatest football commentator of them all, and a fantastic bloke. Full of fun, flair and passion, and astonishingly knowledgable about the game. Loved him. RIP Motty." Strictly's Will Mellor shared a picture of John, writing: "A very sad day! Absolute Legend! RIP John Motson." Dan Walker took to Instagram, where he penned: "Very sad to hear about the death of John Motson. "Motty was the voice of football, loved the game and was loved by those who watched it. I'll never forget my 1st BBC football meeting... His phone went off... Ringtone was Suspicious Minds by Elvis at full volume. My deepest condolences to his family." Sports commentator Rob Curling penned: "So sad to hear John Motson has died. He was the voice of football for generations of #MatchoftheDay viewers. "I went to his house where shelves lined the walls crammed with books on football, and played in a charity match in which he commentated to himself throughout. RIP #Motty." READ MORE... Strictly's Janette Manrara in 'bittersweet' move after baby news [INSIGHT] Alex Jones' young son in hospital as star shares 'horrible' situation [UPDATE] A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman given support after tough week [NEWS]  Zoe Ball also posted a picture of the late sports star on Instagram, writing: "Motty, the best of the best. Rest well." Sports journalist Mark Halliwell tweeted: "RIP Motty. I met him once at Torquay United in the early 1990s, and he was a lovely man. "Some great memories of his commentaries, Hereford 1972 obviously, and 'the Crazy Gang have beaten the Culture Club' from the 1988 Cup final spring to mind immediately." Football writer Henry Winter wrote: "'What a goal!!! Ronnie Radford!!!' 'The Crazy Gang have beaten the Culture Club!' "'Ohhh, this is getting better and better and better. 1, 2, 3 for Michael Owen!'  "'He's off! It's red! It's Zidane! You can't excuse that!' Thanks for all the memories, Motty. We’ll miss you. RIP." (sic) Football pundit Jamie Carragher added: "RIP John Motson. An absolute Legend of the game. "So many of us grew up listening to this man describe the action and goals on MOTD and cup finals. Sad loss." (sic) John Terry tweeted, "RIP John Motson. The voice of football", while sports broadcaster Clive Tyldesley wrote: "As a teenager I just wanted to be John Motson. Nobody else. Terribly sad." Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish added: "So sad to hear the voice of Football for so many years John Motson has passed away. "A lovely man who came to many games with us long after he had ‘retired’. He was one of the greats, his words perfectly punctuating so many incredible occasions. RIP John." Former footballer Kevin Campbell also tweeted: "Rest in Peace John “Motty” Motson an absolute legend and gentleman." Popularly known as 'Motty', John began working on Match of the Day in 1971 and provided commentary for nearly 2,500 televised games. The late sports legend was awarded an OBE for services to sports broadcasting in 2001. 