New Zealand officials have declared a state of emergency as the country experienced one of its worst natural disasters in decades. Cyclone Gabrielle has prompted the country's newly minted Prime Minister to impose the policy for the first time in decades. Chris Hipkins acted as approximately one-third of New Zealanders live in areas impacted by the worst weather event "in a generation". Gabrielle has caused severe conditions in parts of the country, with widespread flooding forcing people to flee their homes. Broken river banks left others stranded on the roofs of their homes and those not requiring evacuation without electricity or communications. The damage will require millions of state aid to rebuild, with infrastructure swept away by fast-flowing water. The state of emergency will allow New Zealand's government to administer some of this necessary aid across the impacted regions. READ MORE: King Charles 'deeply concerned' by flooding in New Zealand Ministers can streamline the disaster response across the Northland, Auckland, Tairawhiti, Tararua, Bay of Plenty, Waikato and Hawke's Bay regions. Civil defence personnel will receive additional powers and funding to complete relief efforts as the severe weather continues. The government has so far pledged NZ$11.5 million (£6 million) in financial assistance for those affected by the natural disaster. The latest emergency order is only the third in New Zealand's history, the last being during the Covid pandemic. Mr Hipkins has warned that recovery could take some time. Speaking on Tuesday, he said it would "take us a while to get a handle on exactly what’s happened". He added: “A lot of families displaced, a lot of homes without power, extensive damage done across the country.” The Prime Minister added: “This won’t be an overnight recovery." "It’s going to take a while – some people will be displaced from their homes for an extended period of time." While ministers plan to investigate the disaster's extent, they suspect they already understand its origins. New Zealand's government has said the severity is due to the effects of climate change. Climate change minister James Shaw said the storm was "made worse by the fact that our global temperatures have already increased by 1.1 degrees".