Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher has called Chelsea out for failing to deal with a 'glaring' issue on the pitch during the Januar transfer window. Blues co-owner Todd Boehly has sanctioned an unprecedented £600million transfer blowout over the past few months, but issues up top persisted in the goalless draw with Fulham on Friday night. Fans were on the edge of their seats before action even got underway at Stamford Bridge, with Graham Potter handing out an immediate debut to British record signing Enzo Fernandez. The Argentine acquitted himself well, as did a select few of his team-mates, but it was still a frustrating night on the whole for Chelsea. The starting front three of Mykhaylo Mudryk, Kai Havertz and Hakim Ziyech was heavily changed around by the full-time whistle, with Potter trying and failing to inspire a cutting edge in his side. Fulham defended well and were worthy of the point, having collected four from two Premier League games against the Blues this term. While there were some positives for Chelsea fans to take, Carragher cited their lack of firepower through the middle as a 'glaring' issue that should have been dealt with in the January transfer window. JUST IN: Arsenal's six-man summer shortlist as Arteta set to go fro the jugular "You go back to how much they’ve spent, £600m, and that will keep getting mentioned, but the thing that leaves you scratching your head a little bit is they haven’t bought a striker," the Reds hero explained to Sky Sports. "They spent £500m, £600m without really buying a striker, and I know they’ve got [Christopher] Nkunku coming next season but there’s nothing really there right now. It’s looking like [Pierre-Emerick] Aubameyang’s not in the Champions League squad either as well so it does feel really glaring, that one big position for them on the pitch." DON'T MISS...Arsenal have Jorginho issue they wouldn't suffer with Caicedo or RiceMan Utd break silence on Mason Greenwood with 31-word statementChelsea's best XI after eight signings in wild January transfer window  Major news broke at Stamford Bridge on Friday as Aubameyang was axed from Chelsea's 25-man Champions League squad to make room for three of their January signings. Many thought that he would be the answer to their lack of potency up top when he was signed in the summer, but with just one Premier League goal so far this term, the move hasn't worked out. That being said, signing a new forward could create complications regarding Armando Broja's route into the first team. The 21-year-old was handed a bumper six-year deal during the summer and many expect him to become a force in the Premier League once he returns from a long-term injury lay-off.  Despite the obvious shortfalls in Chelsea's performance, Carragher also picked out positives regarding two January recruits in particular. "[Benoit Badiashile] has done well when he’s come in and he’s done well again tonight," he told Sky Sports. "They asked him a lot of questions but when they did he did well starting alongside Thiago Silva. [Enzo] Fernandez, I think you can see he’s got a bit of class. I think he made more passes than anyone in the game and you’d expect that in a game like that where you have a lot of possession." 