Mason Greenwood is not expected to play for Manchester United before the end of the season, according to reports, with the club hoping to conduct a full-scale investigation into the striker before making a final decision on his future. Greenwood has been suspended by the Red Devils since January last year following his arrest. Charges of attempted rape, assault and coercive behaviour against the 21-year-old were dropped earlier this month after witnesses withdrew from the case. The Crown Prosecution Service claimed they had a duty to do so, given that there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. Despite Greenwood being free of all police charges, he remains suspended by United, who are set to finish their internal investigation before the end of the season. According to The Daily Star, Greenwood is not expected to turn out in a United shirt in 2022/23 as club chiefs weigh up various potential courses of action. The player himself denies any wrongdoing. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m Among them are inviting him back to training, offering to pay up his contract or selling him in the summer. United's investigation will focus on circumstances surrounding the allegations made against Greenwood and figures of authority behind the scenes are keen to avoid rushing into a decision. The striker is under contract until 2025 and he has continued to receive his hefty wages - thought to be nearly £100,000 a week - throughout the legal process. The Red Devils are reportedly going to interview Greenwood while also looking into his mental and physical condition. DON'T MISSRio Ferdinand begged Man Utd to sign Modric but they bought £17m flop insteadEverton boss Dyche points finger at Pickford following error in Liverpool lossGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to light The once capped England international is regarded as one of the most talented players to emerge from United's academy in recent years, becoming their second-youngest player of all time upon making his debut in 2019. Greenwood boasts 35 goals in 130 senior appearances for club and country, but he has not played or trained with his team-mates for over 12 months. The issue of Greenwood's future has reportedly divided those behind the scenes at Old Trafford, with some 'deeply unhappy' at the prospect of his return to the first team and others feeling a duty of care towards a youngster who has not been charged with a crime.  United boss Erik ten Hag is reported to have spoken with Greenwood since allegations against him were dropped. His player profile remains on the club's website and their name is still in his Instagram bio as they ponder what to do next. Greenwood also has Nike in his bio, despite the brand cutting ties with him in 2022 and reinforcing that he is no longer one of their sponsored athletes. Should he be forced to jump ship, the Chinese Super League is thought to be one of the options on the table.