The UK version of Jeopardy! was first aired in the 1980s and proved to be a massive success with British viewers. The new format hopes to provide nostalgia for fans of the original series while winning over a brand-new audience. The new series will be 20 episodes and will see contestants play to win to big prizes. They will be using their best general knowledge to win rounds and amass more winnings, if they can stay on to the end. The show differs from the original format with the reboot allowing participants to play an extra round, increasing the stakes for players. New host Stephen aims to bring a modern twist to the cult US classic game show.   READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series He expressed his delight at becoming the new host of the UK version and admitted he is a big fan of the American version. He said: “In the United States, Jeopardy is a phenomenon like no other. “Whenever I’m in America, I do my damnedest to catch it every weekday.” Stephen continued: “The idea of hosting it here in the UK makes me dizzy with delight. “Such a dedicated quizzing nation as ours will, I hope, welcome this uniquely beguiling and endlessly rewarding game.” Previous UK hosts of the show which aired on Channel 4 and Sky have included Steve Jones and Derek Hobson. Original host Art Fleming was at the helm until Canadian TV presenter Alex Trebek replaced him in one of the most sought-after roles in television. Head of ITV Entertainment Katie Rawcliffe also shared in the actor's excitement for the eagerly anticipated reboot. DONT MISS:Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [LATEST]Charles Foster dies as tributes pour in for Corrie and Emmerdale star [NEWS]Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [TV] The ITV boss expressed that The QI presenter is the perfect host for the updated quiz show and welcomed the idea the show could win over a brand-new audience. She said: “Bringing Jeopardy! To a brand new audience as part of our weekday schedule is exciting. “There is no one better to host this classic game show than Stephen. “[He will be] bringing Knowledge and entertainment to all of our viewers.” The reboot will be aired alongside favourite shows that ITV has confirmed will be coming back to TV screens. Big Brother, Survivor, and family favourite Gladiators as all set to air later this year. An air date for Jeopardy! is yet to be confirmed.