A search has been launched for a missing schoolgirl who disappeared on Sunday evening. Police are looking for Kaitlyn Easson, who was last seen in the Gala Park area of Galashiels, Scotland, at about 5.30pm on February 5. The 11-year-old's disappearance has been described by the force as being very out of character.   She is described as around 5ft 2in tall, of slim build and with long blonde hair. When last seen she was wearing a white jumper, brown trousers and boots. Inspector Robbie Noble said: "This is very out of character for Kaitlyn and we are growing increasingly concerned for her. "Our enquiries are ongoing to trace her and I am appealing for anyone who has seen Kaitlyn or who has any information on her whereabouts to contact us. "We would also appeal to Kaitlyn herself to get in touch to let us know she is safe."   Anyone with any information should contact 101 quoting reference 3314 of February 5, 2023. News of the youngster going missing comes as police continue the search for missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley in Lancashire. There is no suggestion the two missing person cases are linked. Friends of Ms Bulley have said they hope the help of a specialist underwater rescue team will give her family answers. Private diving team Specialist Group International, led by forensic expert Peter Faulding, will help police search for Ms Bulley, who vanished while walking her dog near the River Wyre more than a week ago. READ ABOUT AMERICANS TURNING ON HARRY AND MEGHAN  Police have been working on the theory the 45-year-old fell in the river but her family and friends have questioned that, saying there is still no evidence. Speaking to broadcasters on Monday (February 6), Ms Bulley's friend Emma White said the family asked Mr Faulding and his company for help. She told BBC Breakfast: "Following the hypothesis of the police that Nicola was in the river, we need some evidence to back that up either way and I feel Peter and his amazing bit of kit ... is going to come and sweep the river bed and give us answers." Speaking to ITV's Good Morning Britain, Ms White added: "We hope they uncover nothing, like the police have done for the last 10 days, and we hope Nicola is not in that river."  DON'T MISS: Five possible theories behind missing Nicola Bulley's disappearance [REVEALED] Epsom College head found dead at school alongside husband and daughter [LATEST] Nicola Bulley's family and friends hurt by 'vile' online theories [REPORT] Mr Faulding said his team will use high-tech sonar, which can see "every stick and stone lying on the riverbed". He told Sky News: "Let's get this water searched so it can be either confirmed or denied if Nicola is actually in this river." He added: "This is a particularly long stretch of river for them (police) to do because they're doubling up as a dive team as well, so this is a huge task for the police." Lancashire Police believe Ms Bulley went missing in "a 10-minute window" on January 27 while walking her dog, Willow, in the village of St Michael's on Wyre after dropping off her daughters - aged six and nine - at school.  She logged in to a Microsoft Teams call at 9.01am. The remote meeting ended at 9.30am with her phone still connected. Ms Bulley was seen by another dog walker at 9.10am - the last known sighting - and police traced telephony records of her mobile phone as it remained on a bench overlooking the river at 9.20am. The device was found by a dog walker at around 9.35am, with ms Bulley's springer spaniel Willow nearby. New images, taken from her home's doorbell camera on the day she disappeared and released by her family, show Ms Bulley loading her car before driving her children to school.  Meanwhile, a woman described as a "key witness" by police came forward at the weekend as Lancashire Police warned against "totally unacceptable" speculation and abuse on social media. On Saturday, officers said they wanted to trace a person seen pushing a pram in the area near where the dog walker went missing. In an update on its Facebook page, Lancashire Police said the woman had come forward "very quickly". The force added: "We must stress that she was very much being treated as a witness and was one of many people in St Michael's on Friday, January 27th. Our enquiries to find Nicola are extensive and will include speaking to as many members of the public as possible." "The speculation and abuse on social media aimed at some people who are merely assisting our enquiry is totally unacceptable. We would urge people to remember that we are investigating the disappearance of Nicola, and the priority is Nicola and her family. We want to find her and provide answers to her family."  