Call the Midwife will not be airing this weekend as the BBC makes way for the BAFTAs, but viewers do not have long to wait. They are expecting to see the wedding of Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) and Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix) on February 26. The stars spoke out about the weaknesses in their relationship. There has been a question of whether Trixie and Matthew's wedding will actually go ahead after the death of his father in the series. It seems there has only been hurdle after hurdle when it comes to the couple planning their big day. However, they have managed to think outside the box and plan a beautiful ceremony which viewers will get to see soon. The pair have had to deal with a lot in their relationship including compromise and loss. However, their differences have only made them stronger and they appear to be in a happy place. READ MORE: Call The Midwife's Helen George speaks out after finale delay Speaking during a Radio Times question and answer session, the pair opened up about the things they may need to work on in the future and their weaknesses. Matthew actor Olly said: "They row, don't they, they fight with each other and I think that's something Helen and I enjoyed and talked about. "As actors, we thought let's not just present the fairytale," he explained how they wanted to show "complications and conflict". He added: "There is some conflict there and I think she calls him on his privilege a lot and I think he is man enough to take it. "But I think it hurts a bit sometimes...like back in, I can't remember what series it was when [she] threw something at me from the stairs. "She gives him a hard time and, I don't know if it needs work because I think it's quite a good thing. "But if you were a therapist I might say to you, can you ask her to talk to me in a kinder way." On what she likes about their relationship, Helen added: "I think, it's kind of connected to the arguing, but there's a passion between them. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife's future confirmed with two more seasons Call The Midwife fans fume over delay as character's life in balance Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored "Which I think we have always wanted to make sure it stays there and it's consistently there, so the arguments of course is something that needs working on. "But also something that drives them because they are so different and they are from such different worlds. "Yet they work, they really work, even though there's sort of a butting of heads constantly. "But it's that butting of heads that brings them together because they do get through to each other. "So I would be reluctant to say let's take the arguing away." Olly added: "The arguing is tough but it's the best thing really because it takes them to a place of really brutal honesty. "And that's hard to do in any relationship and friendship. They really augment all the wonderful things about one another by enabling conflict." The series has just been renewed for another two seasons, meaning it will air up until at least 2026.  Call the Midwife returns to BBC One on Sunday, February 26, at 8pm.