A search of a new area previously overlooked by police in the hunt for Nicola Bulley will begin today, a private diver has said. The mum-of-two was last seen 11 days ago near the River Wyre. Peter Faulding, the firm's founder, has said an area further upstream which has been overlooked by Lancashire Police will be scoured today. He told GB News: "We just need to rule everything out. Somebody could have put the phone on the bench, somebody could have found it and put it on the bench, just on the nearest bench. We don't know. "Nobody knows, this is a complete mystery, this whole thing and normally if somebody falls in the water, if Nicola went in here, her body would have gone straight to the bottom. "It would remain there and police divers would have found her that day without doubt." Lancashire Police are desperately searching for Ms Bulley and have said their "main working hypothesis" is that she fell into the River Wyre. They believe "this is not suspicious but a tragic case of a missing person". The force has said sightings of the missing 45-year-old show her movements from the school where she dropped off her two daughters along a path next to the river and into a field. Officers have now turned their attention to focusing their inquiries on the river path which leads from the fields back to a road. Mr Faulding added: "She could be in this part of the river. If Nicola is not here, then I don't know where she's gone. She's disappeared off the face of the earth and I'm pretty confident in saying that. READ MORE: 'Entitled woman parked on my drive - I blocked her in and got drunk'  "There could be a third party involved, she could have run away somewhere. But I had a long chat with Nicola’s partner Paul, who's been ruled out of this investigation, he’s distraught. "There’s a lot of horrible stuff going around on social media. People [with] different theories and we just need to get on with the job." On Monday, the specialist team called in to help with the search for Ms Bulley unable to find anything on their first day of scouting the river. Mr Faulding and his team of experts and divers worked with Lancashire Police and searched "three or four miles" of river until it got dark. DON'T MISSMissing mum search may take months as police examine all evidence [LATEST]Nicola Bulley: Full timeline of events, clues and questions [ANALYSIS]BBC viewers want apology for ‘speculation’ over missing Nicola Bulley [COMMENTS] He said: "It's a negative search, no signs of Nicola. Mr Faulding had also said his team would look through another stretch of river today "towards where Nicola went originally missing". The founder of private Specialist Group International said he was not convinced the missing mum-of-two had fallen into the river and tha he was baffled as to why she had not yet been found. Mr Faulding told TalkTV: "After 25 years of doing this kind of work, after hundreds of cases, I am well and truly baffled. Normally you would expect the divers to find them easily. "When people drown they generally go down where they are. We normally find them within five to ten days of where they went down. This is the most baffling case that I have ever worked on." He told the Mirror earlier in the day: "Normally people would scream out and I don’t know if there was other people in the area but you’d scream out, you’d flap around and the dog would normally maybe stay with the owner. "There’s something, in my opinion, not quite right here. If Nicola is here, I'm happy we will find her, if she's in the river. "If we can't find her in the next three or four days in this river, if she's not here, then I'm confident that she's not in this stretch of river. I'd be very confident of that. "We are going to be working our hardest, we'll probably be working under darkness tonight for a while and that's my intention to help the family." 