Danny Dyer's portrayal of lovable EastEnders landlord Mick Carter entertained soap fans for nearly 10 years, but sadly Mick met a terrible fate last Christmas Day, as he went missing at sea while trying to save Linda Carter (played by Kellie Bright). Detailing his final scenes on the BBC staple, Danny explained to presenter Jonathan Ross why he "smelt of a***" in the scenes. In an episode of the Jonathan Ross Show yet to air, he didn't hold back as he described his final shoot. During Friday's instalment, fans will see the actor reflecting on his final episodes of EastEnders. Talking about playing Mick for almost a decade, he stated: "It's a very emotional thing, it’s such a big part of me." He added: "I tell you what it is, I’m lazy. It’s f***ing hard. Thirty pages you’ve got to learn a day. "It’s like a film a week. My final scenes were in the sea, in Ramsgate at 2am. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence "We did the exteriors in the sea and the interiors you go to a water tank. "But EastEnders couldn’t get Pinewood, so we had to go to Basildon. "It’s all warm and lovely but to make it look like the sea they put broccoli juice in it. "You smell of a***. It’s f***ing broccoli juice. Warm broccoli juice. It was very emotional, but I stunk."  Talking about his former co-stars, Danny admitted: "I do miss the people there, there’s no two ways about it but it’s a new chapter for me." Technically, Mick is still classed in the soap as missing rather than dead, because his body is yet to be found. Jonathan addressed this, adding there was still scope for Mick to make an EastEnders-style comeback. "If it goes t**s up I can go back," Danny joked. "I can turn up in three years’ time, walk in the Queen Vic smothered in seaweed. DON'T MISS... Ant and Dec show in chaos as Alison Hammond 'nearly walks' from prank [VIDEO]Jeremy Clarkson breaks viewing records for Prime Video despite column [LATEST]The Apprentice star urges Alan Sugar to make change [EXCLUSIVE] "They wanted to keep it open. I’m very privileged and grateful for that job. It really did change my career and my life." On his exit, he added: "You don’t have much say in it, I just wanted it to be exciting and quite cinematic. "It went down really well, a lot of people were quite touched by it. "People were sending me all this stuff, TikToks of kids crying, it really upset them." Jonathan couldn't help but try to get some gossip out of Danny, as he asked: "Who will you miss the least?" "There’s a few of them actually, I ain’t going to lie," Danny replied. "I won’t say [who], you know. Most of them I love dearly. Not all…" "So they know who they are, though?" the presenter pressed. "I would have thought so," the actor admitted. Elsewhere in the show,  Danny explained how "over the moon" he was about becoming a grandfather again after daughter Dani announced she is expecting twins. The Jonathan Ross show airs on Saturday at 9.40pm on ITV.