Grime and grease have a nasty habit of attaching itself to oven racks, which means they should be cleaned regularly. Luckily, baking soda provides households with a natural and effective method of keeping a stunning shine on their cooking utensils. Sarah Dempsey at myjobquote.co.uk, has shared with Express.co.uk that oven racks can be cleaned well without the need for harsh chemical, so I have followed the steps she has detailed to try this hack out for myself. Though there are a vast number of cleaning products available to buy which are said to speed up the job, I tend to veer away from these as I try to use natural methods when cleaning in places where food is being prepared. This is where the trusty cleaning agent baking soda comes in handy. The leavening agent, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is renowned for its many cleaning uses around the home - and the oven is one of them. Baking soda is alkaline and works to dissolve build-ups of grease, grime and dirt. The particle structure of the white powder also works as a mild abrasive - great for removing stubborn stains. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn mould around my window - photos My oven racks were in dire need of cleaning as both of them had turned brown. This was a result of the burnt-on grease and grime. These stains are often hard to remove, especially when left for a long time. Sarah shared that there are two main ways to use baking soda to clean oven racks, one using cleaning bags and another without. I decided to go with the latter. To begin I lined the bottom of the bathtub with an old towel to prevent the bath from becoming damaged by the racks. I then ran the hot water tap - just enough to cover the oven racks. For those who do not have a bathtub, they can use a large container, such as an under-bed storage box. DON'T MISSRemove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [EXPERT]‘Most reliable’ tomatoes to grow for ‘heavy delicious crops’ [TIPS]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [INSIGHT] After I added one cup of baking soda and half a cup of washing up liquid. I used Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda which retails for £1 at Home Bargains, but can also be purchased from Robert Dyas for £2.50. The dish soap I used was the Fairy Antibacterial washing up liquid in the scent eucalyptus, which is sold at Sainsburys for £1.50 and £2 at Waitrose. It’s worth noting that any baking soda and washing up liquid can be used for this cleaning method. Supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda sell baking soda for only 65p, with washing up liquid retailing for 37p at Asda and 55p at Tesco. Once the baking soda and washing up liquid were added to the water, I left the oven racks to soak overnight. Sarah noted that it is fine to leave them for six hours, but overnight is “ideal”. READ MORE: Ideal temperature to wash mattress protectors to avoid ‘damage’ The next morning I noticed that the water had turned cloudy and there were floating bits of dirt in it, which had come from the burnt-on stains. Using a damp microfibre cloth to wipe down the racks, the stains came off so easily. I didn’t even need to scrub them. After I ran the racks under the tap to rinse off the dirt, I then wiped them down with a dry cloth. They were left looking like new - not a trace of stains in sight. The other oven rack baking soda cleaning method Sarah suggested is to use oven cleaning bags. She said: “Put on some household gloves to protect your hands from the chemical reaction. “Sprinkle baking soda into the bags and then douse them with white vinegar. This will cause the solution to foam. “Then, pour in around half a cup of warm water combined with a generous amount of dishwashing soap. Close the bag and allow the racks to soak for at least six hours. For the best results, leave them overnight.” The bag should be turned over halfway through the soaking time to ensure both sides are cleaned. Then, put the gloves on again and remove the oven racks from the bag. Rinse the racks in warm soapy water and then rinse again with clean water. Finish by wiping the racks completely dry.