When Walmart owners Walton-Penner family group completed a takeover of the Denver Broncos in August for a record $4.65 billion, British F1 driver Lewis Hamilton joined as a minority stakeholder - making him become part-owner of the NFL franchise. Hamilton had been an NFL fan for a number of years, and spoke of his pride in becoming one of few black owners across sports. After joining the Broncos as minority owner, Hamilton has been seen in Denver at a game earlier this season after his first trip to Colorado to meet the team. As part of his new role, Hamilton is keen to have a role in improving diversity while working with the NFL to further representation of minority coaches in the sport. Speaking about the opportunity to be in Denver and work with the team, he said: "That experience was incredible, to just be in that huge arena. Firstly, the stadium is amazing but just to see a different group of fans – all with the similarities of the fans that we have here, just passionate about their team, right on the edge of their seats for every single play. "And then for me, just like speaking to the coach, speaking to the players, and speaking to the rest of the owners, about the takeover, about the challenges that we have, the things that we need to improve on, like our offence. Our defence is really strong but our offence is quite weak at the moment.    "You've got Russell [Wilson, Denver quarterback] that's new to the team and he needs more protection. He's still getting to know a lot of the players around him. "And so yeah, I like getting super deep into all that kind of stuff. And also into athlete performance because these guys are huge. Some of the guys are over 300 pounds, they’re massive – wouldn't want those guys to hit you. "Then just looking into how I can play a role with that team in terms of supporting them and also the things that we're going to do with D&I [Diversity and Inclusion] within the community in Denver."  The Broncos first year under new ownership did no directly to plan, after making the trade for Russell Wilson from the Seattle Seahawks. Head coach Nate Hackett was fired before his first season was even up, with team reccently hiring Sean Payton, after trading for him from the New Orleans Saints.