Barclays Bank has offered guidance on how people can protect themselves as a rogue builder defrauded a retired pensioner out of his life’s savings. Doorstep scams take place when someone comes to one’s door and tries to scam them out of their money or gain access to the property. In March 2020, the victim was awoken by men banging on his door. When the victim opened the door, he found a group of men claiming that neighbours had complained that his roof needed to be fixed. The victim agreed to the work and agreed upon an initial figure of £30,000. As work continued, they convinced the man he needed more and more work done, including an extension. READ MORE: 'Lesser known saving hacks': Britons could save up to £5,000 in three months  Barclays has warned people could be scammed even from the comfort of their own home. They explained how older people who may be targeted can protect themselves against doorstep scams. How to protect yourselfOn their website, it states: “If you’re paying a trader, do your research. Read reviews about them online, and talk to someone you trust before handing over any money. “Don’t believe anyone who unexpectedly tells you work needs to be done on your house. Talk to a friend or family member, or ask a trader you know is trustworthy. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants urged to claim extra benefits and freebies worth thousands “Don’t be pressured into buying something from a doorstep salesperson. If you feel uncomfortable, close the door.” Britons are warned it can happen to anyone. This tactic can see someone knock on the door and convince them that work needs to be done on their house – they might even start the work. Eventually, they ask people to start paying, and ask for more and more money – often charging far more than they quoted. Alternatively, they may ask someone to pay in advance for materials but never return to do the work. Individuals should never be pressured into buying something from a doorstep salesperson. Shutting the door is the best course of action if one feels uncomfortable. Finally, if parting with any cash for a trader, Britons should always do their research. This could involve reading online reviews, or speaking to someone who has had work carried out by the trader in the past. For those suspicious doorstep fraud is taking place, Action Fraud recommends reporting the salesperson to them, or Citizens Advice.