A stewardess living and working on a superyacht shared with Express.co.uk some of the worst parts of her job. The crew member, who wished to remain anonymous for this interview, is currently based in the south of France. The stewardess explained that it is very common to have "Mesdames" on the yacht, who "are basically women who come to spend the day on board". She revealed that their job is just to hang out on the yacht, then "the owner pays them and then they leave". This is "very trendy now," the crew member commented. The stewardess admitted that all the members of the crew know what they have to do in that situation. She said: "So the owner of our yacht has a wife and kids, but he also has many women who he calls every time he comes. READ MORE: Cruise guests share 'essential' items to 'look your best' onboard "And every time we have a woman on board, we have to hide the things of the other women somewhere else so she doesn't see it. "He has three regular women including his real wife. So every time he wants to bring someone else he texts me saying 'next week this one is coming'. "And then we go on and change everything from the room, we empty the wardrobes and we place the other woman's clothes in there. This will probably shock many. I think it's another level," she admitted. "Especially when the wife comes over with their children. My job, amongst other things, is to hide everything so the wife doesn’t see it."  Because of this type of practice, many yachts ask the crew to sign a confidentiality agreement when they take the job. "That's why there are a lot of yachts where you have to sign a confidentiality contract before you start working. "It's not our case but some make you sign a contract that says you can't talk or say anything about the yacht." She continued: "You can't take any pictures, or say anything to your family. Not even tell them where you are or the names of the owners. Nothing. It's basically top secret." READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' In terms of her daily routine, the luxury stewardess explained: "Every morning and thorough the whole day, we need to keep checking the yacht meticulously. "We need to check everything is perfect, the cushions are in the exact position, check they haven't moved one millimetre. "Insignificant things that you probably don't do at home, and maybe you don't even realise." She said that fingerprints, for instance, are very important as "everything has to be impeccable, just as if no one was on board". She admitted that for her, "the worst part is when people go to the bathroom" because the crew need to go with them every single time. "You wait outside and as soon as they finish, you have to go in and rearrange everything they have used or touched. "Every single detail. The loo roll with the diamond stuck on it... everything has to be perfect again" "The yacht has to be 24 hours just like if there were no people on board. It's a service of not five, but seven stars. Just like the most luxurious hotel but on the water," she explained.