Chicago PD star Benjamin Levy Aguilar has quickly become a fan favourite for his portrayal of Dante Torres. On Monday, the actor appeared on the Kelly Clarkson Show to discuss the hit NBC drama but instead left the host close to tears as he shared his career story.  Chicago PD follows the professional and personal lives of Detective Sergeant Hank Voight (played by Jason Beghe) and his skilled team at the Intelligence Unit. As the crew work together to tackle crime in the city, they’re often met with challenges which put them in life-threatening situations, much like the original series, Chicago Fire. Dante Torres (Benjamin Levy Aguilar) joined the team just as longstanding Detective Jay Halstead (Jesse Lee Soffer) handed in his badge and gun. However, unlike Halstead’s blunt yet calm demeanor, Torres was still struggling to find his feet but was eager to prove himself. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will    With season 10 currently on a midseason break, Torres star Benjamin Levy Aguilar took to the Kelly Clarkson Show to discuss the future of his character. However, his appearance on the talk show took an emotional turn as the actor reflected on his career. After Benjamin revealed he began as a soccer player and then went on to become a black belt in Krav Maga, he shared his mother inspired him to embark on a career in acting. An impressed Kelly exclaimed: “I love your mum!”  Speaking on the conversation which sparked his career, Benjamin shared: “Hollywood it’s in Los Angeles, so she [his mother] said to me ‘Brad Pitt he packed his car and he packed his bags and he went to Hollywood, do that'.” In complete amazement, Kelly remarked: “Most parents are... like have a backup plan, that’s incredible.” Benjamin agreed: “We just shook like ‘we’re going to Hollywood'.” As Kelly said: “I love it,” Benjamin added: “I called the airline that day and never went back for 10 years, one-way ticket to LA.” DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise double exit as fans 'work out' how Neville leaves [INSIGHT]Kelly Clarkson sparks concern after talk show absence [REACTION]Chicago Fire fans support Taylor Kinney as he takes 'leave of absence' [REACTION]    “You’re always going to believe in yourself because you had such a great mother to instill that in you too because she had so much belief in you. “What a beautiful mother you have,” Kelly responded. Benjamin continued: “I am the story of a single mother, of my angel, that is my story.” Overcome with emotion, Kelly stated: “Oh my gosh, you are welcome here any time, I just cried almost, we’re fine.”      Torres first appeared on Chicago PD during season nine as the team worked together to take down kingpin Javier Escano (José Zúñiga). Although the crew were sceptical of Torres due to his history with the gang member, his established relationship with Halstead laid the groundwork for the team to trust him. He left a positive impression and became a full-time officer at Chicago PD during season 10’s fourth episode. Although he has proven to be a fearless and versatile member of the Intelligence Unit, fans shared concerns about his potential departure after Torres used physical aggression on a suspect to get evidence.  Chicago PD season 10 returns to NBC on Wednesday, February 15. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 