Jake Paul and Tommy Fury square off tonight at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia. After two years of waiting, the fierce rivals will finally go toe to toe over eight rounds in a 185lb catchweight bout. YouTuber turned boxer Paul is currently 6-0 as a pro since turning over in 2020 but has long been criticised for not fighting a ‘proper boxer’. Paul has traded blows with fellow content creators, MMA fighters and even an NBA player but is yet to compete against a bona fide pugilist. That is all set to change this evening when he boxes Fury, an 8-0 pro who has been around the sport his entire life and came through the traditional amateur route. A win tonight would silence many of the naysayers and add legitimacy to Paul’s stint in the paid ranks. Radio coverage talkSPORT has exclusive UK radio broadcast rights for the event. Their coverage will start at 7pm on talkSPORT 2, before switching over to talkSPORT from 8.45pm. You can also listen to all of the action via the talkSPORT app, on DAB digital radio, through your smart speaker and on 1089 or 1053 AM. How to watch/fight times For live television coverage, BT Sport Box Office have you covered in the UK. The event will cost fans £19.95 with BT Sport’s coverage set to get underway from 6.30pm. The ring walks for the main event are expected to take place around 9pm. Full card Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury Ilunga Makabu vs Badou Jack – for WBC cruiserweight title Ziyad Almaayouf vs Ronnald Martinez Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Bader Samreen vs Viorel Simion Adam Saleh vs Stuart Kellogg MORE BOXING NEWS... Tommy Fury's house, cars, girlfriend and net worth Inside the life of Jake Paul houses, jets and girlfriend news Warren uses OnlyFans stars boxing to make Fury vs Paul point  Quotes Paul: “We’ve picked this guy apart. We’ve studied him. He makes a lot of mistakes. He’s great on offence. He’s got a great jab. Lots of combos. Speed. Good footwork. Good movement. He’s a good boxer, but he’s not a great boxer. His lack of defence and lack of head movement is going to be exposed on Sunday.” Fury: “Third time’s a charm, and we’re here. I’m in super fit condition. I’m ready to go put this all to bed because for the past two and a half years it’s been, ‘When are you fighting Jake Paul?’ To even mention my name in the same sentence is disrespectful to me, a person who’s been boxing my whole life. I’m going to clinically knock this guy out early.”