Phil Mickelson has stunned fans with his sudden weight loss as he attempts to turn around his recent career slump. After becoming one of the faces of the Saudi Arabia-backed LIV Golf series last year, Mickelson's form on the course began to deteriorate. With his new villain status within the sport, fans relished as the six-time major champion struggled on the putting green. His decline, however, seems to have only driven his motivation to return to the pinnacle of golf. Ahead of the Saudi International, Mickelson appeared in front of the media on Monday at the Royal Greens Golf and Country Club and showed off his slimmed-down physique. The 52-year-old claimed he is the leanest he has been since he joined the PGA Tour 30 years ago, as he revealed: "I have a whole different energy, whole different excitement." Continuing, the San Diego native boasted how he now weighs as little as he did at college. He added: "I've been rejuvenated. Best shape I've been in a long time. I'm back to my college weight. It allows me to recover faster after I play." MUST READ: McIlroy called out by Mickelson in sarcastic Middle East dig Mickelson failed to give any specifics or figures - even when prodded by the assembled media. He said: "It's my college weight. We don't need to go to numbers, but I'm back to where I was when I turned pro. That's the first time that's happened." Mickelson reiterated that his newfound form reflected his figure as he made a bid to win another major. Speaking with Sports Illustrated, Mickelson also declared he was not bothered by the thought of possibly being shut out of all future PGA Tour events. The six-time US Open runner-up said that, while pending litigation against the PGA Tour may allow him to legally return to the series, he planned to "scale down" his number of competitions while prioritising majors. DON'T MISS...Deadline day transfers - The biggest deals, best and worst signingsNyck de Vries admits Verstappen's Mercedes message which led to exitDjokovic finally learns US Open fate as Indian Wells hopes shattered "I'm motivated, but I don't see the benefit to playing more," he said. "The tournaments where you are going to leave a mark are the majors. That creates a life memory. If I win another Tour event, who cares? It's not like it's going to do anything for how I look at my career. "Another major would be a unique, special moment. That's really where I want to thrive for. And sure, it would mean a lot to win some LIV events because of the role I've played as it's been created."