Princess Margaret's lady-in-waiting has said she is not going to read Prince Harry's book while questioning his loyalty to the Royal Family. Lady Anne Glenconner, 90, insisted Margaret would never have penned a similar attack on the late Queen despite at times expressing her discontent about her role as "spare". Lady Glenconner insisted the princess maintained a very close bond with her sister despite their different positions in the pecking order. The former lady-in-waiting said: "I haven't read Prince Harry's book and I'm not going to read it. I think it would upset me; it's all too sad. "Princess Margaret would never have written a book like that. She was loyal." The British Baroness argued Margaret did not overly struggle with her role of spare because of her commitment to the family and her duties. She did mention the difference in education between the sisters, suggesting this was a source of frustration for Margaret. JUST IN: King Charles's cousin upsets locals with plan to charge dog walkers on his estate Writing in Newsweek, Lady Glenconner said: "Princess Margaret was a spare - a term that has been brought into focus because of Prince Harry's book. "I think the only thing Princess Margaret complained about was that she wasn't educated as well as the Queen. "Her elder sister had people from Oxford and Cambridge come and teach her things, while Princess Margaret did not. "I think that was the only thing she ever really minded. But she was completely loyal to her sister all her life; I never heard her say anything derogatory about her." READ MORE: Queen Elizabeth’s clever trick to stop Mia Tindall being ‘naughty’ during a family photo Margaret was known to be very protective of the Royal Family, and of her older sister in particular. Her biographer, Christopher Warwick, said the princess went as far as cutting off anyone who threatened Her Late Majesty's reign. At the height of the so-called War of the Windsors between then-Prince Charles and Princess Diana, Margaret started to criticise the Princess of Wales for her behaviour and the impact it had on the monarchy. Warwick said in 2020: "Margaret thought that Diana wasn't doing the right thing, that she thought this was disrespectful to the Queen, to the idea of monarchy. DON'T MISSAngela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'humiliating' family [EXPERT]Meghan uses ‘bold gesture’ to show world Harry is hers’ [REPORT]Intimate revelations in Spare will 'have a massive effect' on Meghan [INSIGHT] "That's when there was the cutoff. "If she felt that you were in any way letting the Queen down, being disrespectful to the Queen, betraying the Queen. That was it." Prince Harry has repeatedly criticised both his brother Prince William and the royal institution as a whole since stepping down from his working role. The Duke of Sussex wrote: "Willy was the Heir, whereas I was the Spare. "I was the shadow, the support, the plan B. I was brought into the world in case something happened to Willy. Kidney, perhaps. Blood transfusion. Speck of bone marrow." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews