American bank Marcus by Goldman Sachs is becoming an increasingly popular option amongst British savers who received some good news this week. The savings provider is upping the interest rate on both its Online Savings Account and Cash ISA from 2.50 percent AER to 2.80 percent AER which includes a 12-month fixed-rate bonus of 0.25 percent. Existing customers won't need to do anything as the new savings rate will automatically be available to all new and existing customers from February 15, 2023. The bank is also increasing the rate of its One Year Fixed Rate Saver from 3.00 percent AER to 3.50 percent AER for new customers who open an account on or after February 15, 2023. Marcus by Goldman Sachs said its increasing interest rates for savers to reflect recent Bank of England base rate rises and to remain competitive. A spokesperson said: "We’re pleased to have increased our interest rates following recent movements in the wider savings market. We are committed to offering competitive interest rates to our customers." READ MORE: Dad shares how to cook restaurant quality meals for just £1.25 Online savings account 2.80 percent AER including a 12 month fixed rate bonus of 0.25 percent on savings up to £250,000 Cash ISA 2.80 percent AER including a 12 month fixed rate bonus of 0.25 percent on savings up to £250,000 3.50 percent on savings up to £250,000 Savers only need £1 to open an account and can save up to £250,000, of which £85,000 is protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). Customers have been benefiting from some of the highest returns on savings in a decade, however experts are urging Britons to start locking in top rates sooner rather than later as inflation is expected to fall. According to Moneyfacts’ analysis, challenger banks are currently topping the leaderboard for easy access and notice savings accounts. Moneyfacts' Rachel Springall said: “Those savers who want to tie up their money in a fixed rate bond today for a year will be able to earn around four percent based on the top rate deals, which is around three times the return that they could have earned a year ago. Fixed bonds continue to be offered by many challenger banks, as they tend to offer enticing rates to draw in balances to fund their future lending." The best savings accounts and ISAs paying high interest on savings are currently offering between three and seven percent interest. Lucinda O’Brien from Money.co.uk said ISAs are currently enjoying a resurgence in popularity with rates of more than four percent. Experts at Money.co.uk say these are currently the best ISAs: 