Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group are ready to back Jurgen Klopp by funding a significant overhaul of their playing squad between now and the start of next season, according to reports. The Reds have endured a difficult time of things over the course of the current campaign and currently sit well adrift of the Premier League's top four after winning just eight of their 20 games. Liverpool have traditionally been careful spenders in the transfer market over the years, only moving to sign players when they have been thoroughly vetted and only when the right opportunities arise. However, it seems as though the Merseyside giants could look to rival some of the Premier League's biggest spenders when the bidding reopens in the summer in order to avoid another dismal season next time around.That's according to The Times, who are reporting that FSG are willing to throw their backing behind Klopp by overseeing a large-scale recruitment drive at the end of the campaign. It is said that Liverpool chiefs are painfully aware of the need to sign younger players with high ceilings in order to prepare for the future and provide the club's ageing squad with a much-needed injection of additional quality.Klopp is said to have been buoyed by indications that he will be given 'significant resources' in the summer transfer window to pursue some of Liverpool's highest-profile targets. Jude Bellingham is thought to be at the very top of their shortlist after establishing himself as one of Europe's leading midfielders in recent years, while a big-money move for Wolves playmaker Matheus Nunes is also said to be among the options on the table. JUST IN: Southampton sack Nathan Jones after 95 days as club announce plans Liverpool have also been planning to hire a new head of research to fill a key position in the club's recruitment operations and are close to naming a successor to Dr Ian Graham, who is credited with building the club's renowned data science department. His previous work led to a number of important moves for the Reds in the transfer market, including the captures of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Andy Robertson from Roma, Southampton and Hull City respectively.The figure in line to replace Graham at Anfield is thought to be a prominent figure in the football data field and is currently working in the game. Graham, who has worked for Liverpool since 2012 and is a Cambridge University physicist, is serving a notice period until May at which point he will step down from his role at the club. It remains to be seen whether Liverpool will be able to turn their recent fortunes around over the coming weeks and months, although there appears to be no shortage of hard work going on behind the scenes to make things happen. They are still winless in the league in 2023 and will go into their upcoming Champions League knockout stage clashes with Real Madrid as the clear underdogs to progress into the quarter-finals.The Reds were comfortably beaten by Wolves in their last outing and will face a tough task in overcoming the challenge posed by Everton on Monday night, with the Toffees seemingly on the rise after recruiting Sean Dyche following the sacking of Frank Lampard last month. Klopp has appeared to struggle to cope with the pressure at times in recent months but it seems as though he retains the backing of the club's hierarchy and will be given ample opportunity to put things right into next season and beyond. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.