Tottenham Hotspur will be without Eric Dier for the home leg of their Champions League last-16 clash against AC Milan. Dier received his third yellow card of the tournament in Tuesday's 1-0 defeat at the San Siro, dealing Antonio Conte a blow he could have done without. Former Manchester City winger Brahim Diaz scored the game's only goal after just seven minutes to hand the Serie A champions an advantage ahead of their trip to north London on March 8. Milan will be disappointed not to have extended their lead, missing a plethora of chances in the second half. But Dier's impending absence through suspension has boosted their chances ahead of the second leg. The 29-year-old has played a crucial role since Conte took charge of Spurs, primarily playing at the heart of his back three. However, his 63rd-minute booking in Milan means he will be absent for the second leg, damaging Spurs' hopes of progressing into the quarter-finals. UEFA rules state that three yellow cards between Matchday 1 and the quarter-finals result in a one-game suspension. JUST IN: Ex-Tottenham star Sandro filmed making expletive Arsenal jibe in Milan Dier was also carded in Tottenham's 2-0 win against Marseille in September and the 3-2 triumph over Eintracht Frankfurt a month later. He will add to Conte's growing list of players out of contention, with five first-team stars missing at the San Siro. Hugo Lloris and Rodrigo Bentancur are certain to miss the second leg, while Yves Bissouma and Ryan Sessegnon also missed the trip to Italy. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg was missing for the 1-0 defeat, serving a suspension of his own after picking up three yellow cards during the group stage. But his return is a welcome ray of hope for Conte, who would be disappointed to crash out in the last 16 after Spurs topped Group D. DON'T MISS Chelsea boss Potter reacts to Mudryk 'liking' post blasting CucurellaBarcelona boss Xavi devising 'special plan' to deal with RashfordArsenal offer Jesus update for Man City clash as pressure on Nketiah Winning the Champions League could prove to be Tottenham's best chance of qualifying for next season's competition. Conte's side are seven points behind third-place Manchester United and trail Newcastle United by two, having played a game more than the Magpies, in the Premier League. Spurs face two crunch London derbies to round off their February fixtures, hosting West Ham United on Sunday and Chelsea next weekend. Now they trail Milan, the FA Cup could pose as the best chance of silverware this term, with a trip to Sheffield United for a quarter-final place in store on March 1. A league game against Wolves at Molineux stands in between that FA Cup clash and the highly-anticipated second leg. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here