Oppo is taking aim squarely at Samsung with the launch of an all-new foldable smartphone. The Chinese tech company has just lifted the lid on its Find N2 Flip which snaps in half to make it easier to pop in your pocket. Now, if you are feeling a little Déjà vu we're not surprised as the N2 Flip looks incredibly similar to Samsung's popular Z Flip4 device but Oppo reckons it has the advantage thanks to some upgrades that may just give it the edge. One of the biggest things users will notice is the 3.26-inch cover screen which Oppo boasts is the largest of any flip phone on the market. It's certainly a lot more spacious than the 1.9-inch panel found on the Flip4 from Samsung. This Oppo display offers quick access to the camera along with timers, calendar and the latest weather updates. There's even the option to add a tamagotchi-style virtual pet to this display which makes things feel a little more interactive. Flip open the lid and users are then treated to an expansive 6.8-inch E6 AMOLED display which features a speedy 120Hz refresh rate, anti-reflection film and up to 1600 nits of peak brightness. If you're worried about the flexible panel lasting years in your pocket then Oppo is hoping it can put your mind at rest with the firm saying it will take plenty of punishment. In fact, it's been built and tested to withstand over 400,000 folds and unfolds. Along with the screen, Oppo is also boasting that it beats its rivals with longer battery life and very fast charging. In fact, the Find N2 Flip fits a large 4,300mAh battery inside its shell and is compatible with 44W SUPERVOOC refilling which takes the battery from nearly empty to 50 percent in just 23 minutes. A flat to full charge can be performed in less than one hour. Other features worth a mention include a dual-lens rear camera which, thanks to the phone's design and that large cover screen, can take also snap ultimate selfies. Like most of Oppo's devices, this camera has been co-engineered with the experts at Hasselblad. That means as well as shooting decent snaps for social media, users cans also expect to see pro-grade colours and there's even a fully featured Professional Mode. Tucked under the hood is a speedy MediaTek processor and there is a fingerprint scanner placed neatly on the side. So, that's all of the specs but what about the price? Oppo says that its Find N2 Flip is available from today and costs £849 - that's £50 cheaper than the Galaxy Flip4. Customers who purchase an OPPO Find N2 Flip will also receive a Google One 100G free trial for 6 months. The OPPO Find N2 Flip will be available to pre-order in Astral Black and Moonlit Purple from the following carriers and retailers: · EE (Astral Black and Moonlit Purple) · O2 (Astral Black and Moonlit Purple) · Virgin Media (Astral Black and Moonlit Purple) · Carphone Warehouse (Astral Black and Moonlit Purple) · Curry’s (Astral Black and Moonlit Purple) - from 19th February · Sky (Astral Black and Moonlit Purple) · Amazon (Astral Black and Moonlit Purple) · Argos (Astral Black and Moonlit Purple) – from 21st February · Very (Astral Black and Moonlit Purple)