Andrew Buchan has starred in a plethora of well-known roles during his career, but his latest project as Col McHugh in BBC One drama Better. He has risen to the top of the criminal underworld with help from DCI Lou Slack (played by Leila Farzad) and is able to have a luxurious lifestyle he can enjoy with his wife and son. With Buchan back on the small screen, viewers are curious to know what his life is like when he isn't starring in the Monday night mini-series. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better. Actor Andrew Buchan is married to actress and singer Amy Nuttall who is best remembered for playing Chloe Atkinson in ITV drama Emmerdale. She was in the soap for five years but left the village after having a relationship with Chas Dingle's (Lucy Pargeter) boyfriend Carl King (Tom Lister). Nuttall decided to leave the show at the time to pursue a singing career. After Emmerdale, the 40-year-old went on to join the cast of ITV's Downton Abbey as housemaid Ethel Parks. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal Some of her other credits have been in ITV's Liar, The Musketeers and Death in Paradise. In terms of the famous couple's romance, they started dating in 2007 and got married in 2012. Three years later, they welcomed a daughter who they prefer to keep out of the spotlight - it also isn't known if they have any more children. This isn't the first time Nuttall has been in a relationship with an actor. Nuttall previously dated her Emmerdale co-star Ben Freeman who played Scott Windsor. They were together for four years before parting ways for good. Talking about their relationship to Express.co.uk in 2014, Buchan said: “It definitely helps that Amy’s an actor. “Who else would be OK with the absences or with you doing theatre on Christmas Eve? It helps so much if someone gets it.” He continued: “Before...we had a flat above a Carphone Warehouse in London. "But now we’re two Boltonians in Buckinghamshire, lowering the tone." DON'T MISS...Black Spartans star recalls advice from Yellowstone’s Neal McDonough [CAST]Here's what happened to Gordon Parry after the Brink's-Mat heist [EXPLAINER]Jodie Whittaker returns to screens in first role since Doctor Who exit [REVEALED] Prior to Better, Buchan was known for a number of popular dramas that remain some of the best-loved in the UK. He was behind Mark Latimer, the father of a murdered boy in ITV's Broadchurch in 2013, and Ephra Stein in BBC's 2014 political thriller The Honourable Woman. Since then, Buchan has been in Garrow's Law, All the Money in the World, The ABC Murders, Carnival Row and The Crown. One of his most recent roles was playing former health secretary Matt Hancock in the pandemic Sky drama This England two years ago. Buchan will be returning for the second of five instalments that airs tonight, Monday, February 20, on BBC One. The synopsis reads: "Lou struggles to keep up appearances with Col, inviting further suspicion. "Desperate to get away from him and clear her conscience, she seeks help from an unexpected source. "Bulgey and Artem pay Jade Wilkes a visit to determine whether she revealed the whereabouts of Noel's safehouse to anyone." Better continues every Monday at 9pm on BBC One.