On Saturday evening, presenter and comedian Mo Gilligan welcomed ITV viewers to the star-studded 43rd BRIT Award ceremony. During the night, the host spoke to Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock about her family life, although watchers were left unimpressed when he quizzed the pop star about her children. For the second year in a row, comedian Mo Gilligan fronted the celebrity event which is dedicated to recognising the best in British and international music. Along with a list of musicians receiving the infamous BRIT trophy, the night saw performances from artists like Harry Styles, Lizzo, Stormzy, Sam Smith and Lewis Capaldi. Although Mo messed up the name of the Scottish singer when introducing him, calling him Sam instead, it was his chat with 31-year-old Leigh-Anne Pinnock that upset viewers. Between the awards being handed out and the performances, the host took the opportunity to speak to some of the celebrity guests in the audience, including the Little Mix star. READ MORE:Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Sophie's true identity  The singer was there to hand out the British Group award but when Mo spoke to her, he questioned where her twins were. In 2021, Leigh-Anne and her fiancé Andre Gray welcomed their two babies into the world with the host picking up on their absence. After briefly speaking about her past experiences at the ceremony he said: “I have to ask, who’s babysitting tonight “Tomorrow’s Sunday, are you going out? Having it large?”    Looking unimpressed, Leigh-Anne replied: “Nanna’s at home, yeah.” Mo’s comments sparked outrage among viewers, with many calling out the comedian's "sexist" remark. Taking to Twitter to slam the host, maddenslucy commented: “Mo asking Leigh-Anne who's looking after the children is literally so annoying when women are constantly reduced to being questioned about motherhood their whole lives. it's not like she was a part of the biggest girl band in the world or anything? #Brits2023.” (sic) Ladymarples added: “So, Leigh-Anne Pinnock gets asked who is babysitting her kids, but Stanley Tucci is not asked this. Wonder why. #BRITs." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale boss teases big Caleb Dingle revelation [SOAP] Martin Lewis blasts BBC for relegating Watchdog during crisis [VIDEO] Dancing on Ice’s Joey Essex ‘terrified’ after fall on the ice [INSIGHT]  "Mo Gilligan asking Leigh-Anne Pinnock who's baby-sitting the kids... wow," @tatty_cape tweeted. User @SherbertLemonn fumed: "What a total cringefest! Just awkward. Also, someone needs to tell Tom Grennan and Mo Gilligan it's 2023 not the 70s - Rude, inappropriate and sexist." (sic) KirstenLowe1 tweeted: “Babysitting question was ridiculous- no man gets that question EVER” ElenaSurat17 said: “Award-winning artist, poised to launch solo career, and on the night that no woman is nominated for best artist, she is asked who is babysitting” However, there were also viewers who praised Mo for hosting the event with Quimnz commenting: "Mo is hilarious" While Suzannemackill3 added: "@MoTheComedian#Brits2023love love love mo!fantastic host!well done!"     However, during their brief exchange, the pop singer teased fans could potentially expect some new music. Two years ago, the girl band decided to go on a break following the exit of former member Jesy Nelson who embarked on her own solo career. Confirming to fans they weren’t breaking up, they released a joint statement that read: “We wanted to let you all know that after the Confetti tour in April/May next year we are going to be taking a break from Little Mix. “We are not splitting up — Little Mix are here to stay. We have plans for more music, tours and performances in the future. We’ve made so many incredible memories with you all, and we can’t wait to make so many more.” Express.co.uk has reached out to Mo Gilligan's representative for comment. The BRIT Awards is available to catch up on ITVX.  