Experienced DIY-er Jonathon Barns bought his "doer-upper" property in November 2021 but only recently got around to renovating the master bedroom. While the spray shop manager and former wood finisher looked into hiring professional help for the job, he decided to take on the task alone in a bid to cut costs. Speaking exclusively to the money-saving community LatestDeals.co.uk, the 50-year-old shared exactly how he did it for less than £700. The decor is one of the most important features of the bedroom, particularly when it comes to your bed and wardrobes. While a lick of paint and new bedding can transform the look of a space, a full remodel requires a little more than changing just the surface details. In Jonathon's case, the fitted wardrobe coving which filled the width of his bedroom was the focus of his home makeover - and the biggest expense too. When he reached out for quotes on the cost of professionally removing the fittings and installing new wardrobes, the savvy DIYer was shocked at the top quote of £6,500. Instead, he decided to rebuild them himself using his existing woodwork and bargain-hunting skills. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine Jonathon said: "My idea came from my 30-plus years of experience working as a wood finisher within the furniture manufacturing industry. I’ve used many different coloured paints and wood stains over the years, so I have good insight into which colours work well together. "I share a fondness for both painted and wood grain furniture, so I decided to combine the two together; this also worked out as being the most cost-effective solution, and the end result is aesthetically pleasing too. "I obtained several quotes ranging from £5,500 - £6,500 for a complete fit-out, however as the existing cupboards were in good condition albeit old fashioned, I decided the most cost-effective option was to refurbish them." To spend as little money as possible, the homeowner searched for tools from bargain stores wherever possible. DON'T MISS:I tried a baking soda tip to remove moisture from my home - results [PICTURES]Six easy steps to regrout bathroom tiles for a ‘show home’ finish [COMMENT]‘Problematic’ Japanese knotweed on the rise - hotspots [EXPLAINER] On his quest, Jonathon managed to gather 22 brushed nickel finger pull handles for just £49 on eBay, which worked out much cheaper than buying them brand new in a hardware store. Popular discount retailer Home Bargains was the next stop where he picked up two rolls of 50mm masking tape for £2.60 and two rolls of linking paper for masking up for £5.80. Speaking to LatestDeals.co.uk, the DIYer said: "I then went to Roebuck and Holmes in Huddersfield and got doors and drawer fronts in Light Rockford Hickery woodgrain and 30mm MDF worktops for £580, plus five litres of matte white sprayable wood paint for £55 from Symphony Coatings. "The total cost was £692.40, which is much better than the £6,500 I was quoted!" READ MORE: I dried laundry with just a dehumidifier - here’s how long it took Jonathon started the renovation by removing the corner shelf sections above the bedside cabinets, all of which were built into the wardrobe "bridge" that went over the bed. He explained that these were "no longer fashionable" so he didn't want to keep them. Next, the former wood finisher removed the arches below the bridging unit and from the dressing table in order to create a more "streamlined" and "sleek" appearance. He said: "I then removed all of the doors, draws and worktops; again this process was pretty straightforward as they were also attached with screws and took around one hour to complete. "After this, I masked-up the cabinets using the lining paper and tape that I had bought earlier from Home Bargains. This was quite time-consuming and took roughly two and a half hours." Jonathon then sprayed the outside of the cabinets and replacement worktops matte white using an air compressor and spray gun he borrowed from his workplace. Once this had dried, he then denibbed the cabinets and applied a second coat - all of which took around two hours. The savvy homeowner said: "The next step was to attach the new doors, draw fronts and worktops that had been manufactured by Roebuck and Holmes as per specification. Fitting these was the most time-consuming part of the renovations and took six hours to complete. "This project was relatively straightforward. By using neutral colours, the palette will be a consistent background for changing colour trends. They are also gentle and calming on the eye, which is what I was aiming for with my makeover. "I believe any future makeover should only require replacing the doors and drawer fronts unless, of course, I decide on a complete redesign." 