Pancake Day, or Shrove Tuesday, is on February 21 this year. The day takes place in the Christian calendar and marks the day before Lent, which was traditionally a time of fasting. On Shrove Tuesday, Anglo-Saxon Christians went to confession and were absolved from their sins before the 40-day countdown to Easter started. Chefs from apple brand Jazz Apple have shared their favourite pancake recipes, made healthier as the addition of chopped apples as a pancake topping. Ingredients: One large jazz apple (diced into small pieces) One large egg One large cup of all purpose flour (sieved) Two teaspoon of baking powder A pinch of salt Two tablespoon of sugar One tablespoon of icing sugar One tablespoon of light brown sugar Two tablespoons of unsalted melted butter One teaspoon of vanilla extract Two teaspoon of cinnamon powder One glass of milk Maple syrup Cooking oil READ MORE: Tesco employee shares meaning behind new code of fruit and veg packs Method: In a bowl, add your flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and 1tsp of cinnamon then stir until all dried ingredients are combined. In a separate bowl add your egg, milk, vanilla, and melted butter and stir until combined well. Make sure butter is a little cool so it doesn’t cook the egg. Once done add your wet ingredients into your dried pancake mixture until you get a nice smooth runny mixture then leave to a side. In a pan, add your jazz apples and a small knob of butter and cook until slightly soften. Then add your brown sugar and cook a little more until the sugar has caramelised. Then set to a side. In a separate pan cook your pancakes in some oil until fluffy and golden brown. Once done stack a few on a plate generously scatter your caramelised jazz apples over the pancakes, dust over some cinnamon icing sugar add a dollop of fresh cream and finish off with a drizzle of maple syrup. Serve and enjoy while still hot. DON'T MISS:Five anti-ageing hairstyles women 50+ should have to look younger [EXPERT]Stop tulips drooping by using a pin or a penny [VIDEO]Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show [COMMENT] Ingredients for the pie filling: Four to five apples, peeled, cored, and diced 75g light brown sugar One tablespoon lemon juice One tablespoon vegan butter One teaspoon ground cinnamon Half a teaspoon of ground nutmeg Quarter teaspoon allspice Pinch of cloves (optional) 240ml water Cornstarch slurry Method: To a large, non-stick pan, add the apples, brown sugar, lemon juice, vegan butter, spices, and water. Stir together and simmer over medium heat until the apples are softened and starting to caramelise (about 10 to 15 minutes), then mix together the cornflour and water and add the slurry to the apples. Stir well until the liquid starts to thicken, adding a little extra water if needed to keep the mixture a bit saucy, then remove from the heat and set aside while making the pancake batter. For the pancakes - makes six to eight: 240ml unsweetened soy milk One tablespoon apple cider vinegar One tablespoon vanilla extract 200g plain flour 30g light brown sugar Two teaspoon baking powder Quarter teaspoon salt Half tablespoon vegetable oil, for frying  To Serve: Vegan vanilla ice cream Maple syrup Method: Mix the soy milk and vinegar together in a bowl and set aside for 10 minutes to curdle into vegan buttermilk. Once curdled, stir in the vanilla extract. In a large mixing bowl combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt, and stir together. Slowly pour the wet mixture into the bowl of dry ingredients, whisking until it becomes a smooth batter. Heat a non-stick pan on medium to medium low and add the vegetable oil to start. Add a large spoonful of batter, then a small spoonful of apple pie filling to the centre of the batter. Flatten it with the spoon so it will be easier to cover with the rest of the batter, then add another spoonful of batter on top of the apples, gently spreading it to cover the apples as much as possible. Cook for one to two minutes on each side until bubbles start forming and the bottom is golden brown. The pan will hold heat and may start cooking the pancakes more quickly, so you may need to reduce the heat a little as you go. Serve the pancakes topped with more apple pie filling, a scoop of vegan vanilla ice cream, and an extra drizzle of maple syrup.