An orchid in full bloom is truly stunning as they produce distinctive, colourful flowers that look like butterfly wings. However, getting your orchid to re-flower after its first blooms have died off can be difficult. Most orchids bloom once a year but a really happy orchid will flower more frequently. To encourage your orchid to re-flower, you need to ensure it’s potted correctly and receiving the correct amount of food. With this in mind, Suzie Woolley, head of product at Serenata Flowers has shared when to repot flowers and how to encourage them to flower exclusively with Express.co.uk. Suzie said orchids need repotting when “one of two things happen” - they outgrow their pot and their compost starts to “break down”. When your orchid has outgrown its current pot the roots will “look crowded and may start growing up and out of the pot”. The plant expert explained orchids are not like other houseplants as they prefer potting mix that is chunkier and more free-draining. READ MORE: Princess Anne lives in 'gorgeous' 700-acre mansion with '1950s décor' Suzie continued: “Orchids don’t grow in soil like other plants, they thrive in chunky medium, and when it breaks down into smaller bits, it won’t drain as well or provide the roots with enough air. “When repotting an orchid, the thing you must be most aware of is their sensitivity to bacteria so make sure the new pot, tools and hands are clean. “Gently pull the pot away from the plant and examine the roots, cutting off any brown dead ends using sharp scissors. “Place in the bigger container and gently sprinkle new orchid compost between the roots and water.” DON'T MISS‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [INSIGHT]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [UPDATE]House sales plunge by 30% as market 'cools' - one area avoids slump [ANALYSIS] A common problem with orchids is a lack of flowers. Once they’ve flowered once, some houseplant owners will find their plants will struggle to re-bloom. Like all plants, orchids require a good amount of sunlight in order to thrive and produce flowers. A lack of sufficient light is one of the most common reasons an orchid will struggle to re-flower. One way to check whether your orchid is receiving a good amount of sunlight is to check its leaves. READ MORE: Best 'time' to prune orchids to avoid 'damaging' your plants Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If your orchid has dark green leaves, this could indicate your plant isn’t getting enough light and should therefore be repositioned. However, if light isn’t a problem, Suzie said cutting the plant back could encourage it to flower. She said: “Cut it back to the nearest bud, ensure you’re watering and fertilising as needed and place in a warm bright space out of direct sunlight.” Like many other houseplants, orchids need to be fed regularly in order to thrive. Suzie has shared her “rule of thumb” for fertilising orchids. She said: “As a rule of thumb, fertilise your orchid every two weeks during spring and summer and once a month in autumn and winter.” Orchids will be far happier if they’re given too little fertiliser than too much. If your orchid is given too much fertiliser or the solution is too strong, it can actually burn the plant’s leaves and roots. Some experts suggest watering the plant and then adding a fertiliser solution afterwards ensuring the potting mix is thoroughly wet before the fertiliser is applied.