The Biden's administration's support for Ukraine remains "strong" but enthusiasm among the American public is "diminishing", one military analyst told Express.co.uk. Rebekah Koffler, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer, cited a new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research that shows support among Americans for providing Ukraine weaponry and direct economic assistance is ebbing in the run up to the one-year anniversary of the invasion. "The Biden Administration’s support for Ukraine remains strong, at least that’s what the White House is trying to project with President Biden’s surprise visit to Kyiv, Poland and additional half a billion in aid promised to President Zelensky," the military analyst said. "Support among the American people however is diminishing according to recent polls." The poll of 1,068 found only 48 percent of Americans are now in favour of the US providing weapons to Ukraine, compared to 60 percent in May last year. "I expect that reality will set in within the Biden Administration, probably this year, and they will realise that flowing money and military hardware indefinitely into Ukraine is unsustainable," Koffler said. READ MORE: 'Depleting' US military stocks spark fear of imminent China attack on Taiwan The polling shows 29 percent opposed sending more arms to Ukraine and 22 percent say they’re neither in favour nor opposed. Americans are about evenly divided on sending government funds directly to Ukraine, with 37 percent in favour and 38 percent opposed. Twenty three percent said neither. The signs of diminished support for Ukraine came ahead of Biden's surprise visit to Kyiv on Monday, where he promised a further $500million (£415million) in military aid to Ukraine. The aid, on top of the more than $50billion (£41billion) already provided, is earmarked for howitzer shells, anti-tank missiles, air surveillance radars and other munitions but no new advanced weaponry. DON'T MISSJournalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] “I am sympathetic for Ukraine’s situation and I feel badly for them, but I feel like we need to first take care of priorities here at home,” said Joe Hernandez, 44, of Rocklin, California, in a follow-up interview. Hernandez, a Republican, added that it’s difficult to support generous US spending on military and economic assistance to Ukraine when many American communities don’t have the resources to deal with the ramifications of migrants crossing into the US at the southern border, a rise in drug overdoses caused by fentanyl and other lab-produced synthetic opioids and a homelessness crisis in his state. Biden has repeatedly stated the US will help Ukraine “as long as it takes” to repel the Russian invasion that began on February 24 of last year. Privately, administration members have warned Ukrainian officials that there is a limit to the patience of a narrowly divided Congress — and American public — for the costs of a war with no clear end. READ MORE: Putin's critical errors that led to humiliation in Ukraine exposed in leaked emails Congress approved about $113billion (£93billion) in economic, humanitarian and military spending in 2022. The new poll shows 19 percent of Americans have a great deal of confidence in Biden’s ability to handle the situation in Ukraine, while 37 percent say they have only some confidence and 43 percent have hardly any. Views of Biden’s handling of the war divide largely along partisan lines. Among Democrats, 40 percent say they have a great deal of confidence in Biden to handle the situation, 50 percent have some confidence and nine percent have hardly any. Among Republicans, a large majority (76 percent) say they have hardly any confidence. Those numbers are largely unchanged since last May. Janice Fortado, 78, of Ipswich, Massachusetts, said Biden deserves credit for his handling of the war. She agreed with Biden’s hesitance early in the war about sending advanced and offensive weaponry out of concern that it would give Russian President Vladimir Putin a pretext to expand the war beyond Ukraine and spur a larger global conflict. “As my opinion evolved, I came to wish we had offered more to Ukraine sooner,” said Fortado, a Democrat, who added that she hopes the US and allies change their mind on the fighter jets. “We seem to have done a drip, drip, drip. I understand why it is they were hesitant, but we are now beyond that point.”