Fans of the legendary emo band, Fall Out Boy, have a big week ahead of them. The Sugar We're Going Down singers are embarking on the UK and European tour at the end of 2023 to promote their new album, So Much (for) Stardust (coming March 24), and tickets are about to arrive. Express.co.uk has all the information on when and where you can buy tickets for the So Much For (Tour) Dust. Fall Out Boy tickets go on general onsale release from Friday, February 17, 2023, at 10am. Tickets will be available here from Ticketmaster, but fans are advised to prepare for ticket purchases well in advance and act fast if they want to secure their desired spot at the gigs. Fans are advised to sign up to the ticket website early and save their card details for a quicker checkout. Then, fans should get ready to jump in the digital queue well in advance so they have the best chance of buying tickets. Furthermore, it is imperative that music lovers do not refresh their page in the virtual queue, otherwise, they will lose their spot and - potentially - their tickets as well. Ticket prices for Fall Out Boy will vary from venue to venue. For example, tickets to the band's show at London's O2 Arena could cost anything from £50 to £100 per ticket. As Fall Out Boy are playing in enormous venues and arenas throughout the country, fans can expect to spend a pretty penny to gain access to the events. Fall Out Boy are currently playing six dates in the UK - so there are plenty of chances for British fans to grab tickets this week. They kick off the British leg of their tour on October 27 in Leeds at the First Direct Arena, before moving up to Glasgow's OVO Hydro. On October 29, Fall Out Boy will hit Manchester's AO Arena, before heading down to Birmingham's Utilita Arena two days later. By November 2, the thnks fr the mmrs singers will hit London's O2 Arena for two consecutive nights before venturing to Germany the following week. Fall Out Boy are being supported by two massive bands on their tour. First up is PVRIS, an American pop-rock band from Los Angeles who put on an incredible show. The band is fronted by Lyndsey Gunnulfsen, and has influences ranging from Paramore to The 1975. The rock band will also be supported by Nothing,Nowhere, another American star who has been described as "emo rap" as well as trap and hardcore. The star recently supported the likes of Real Friends, Thrice, La Dispute, and is about to release his fifth studio album, Void Eternal, on March 31. 17th - Poland, Warsaw, Cos Torwar 18th - Czech Republic, Prague, Sportovní hala Fortuna 20th - Italy, Milan, Mediolanum Forum 21st - Germany, Munich, Zenith 23rd - France, Paris, Zénith 24th - Netherlands, Amsterdam, AFAS Live 25th - Belgium, Brussels, Forest National 27th - UK, Leeds, First Direct Arena 28th - UK, Glasgow, OVO Hydro 29th - UK, Manchester, AO Arena 31st - UK, Birmingham, Utilita Arena Birmingham  2nd - UK, London, The O2 3rd - UK, London, The O2 6th - Germany, Oberhausen, Rudolf Weber-Arena 7th - Germany, Hamburg, Barclays Arena 8th - Germany, Berlin, Max-Schmeling-Halle