I had been hoping for a bit of excitement to put a spring back into the party's step and while I knew Rishi would err on the side of caution, I thought he might let off a few fireworks, maybe invite one or two old favourites back to add experience and wisdom as we head towards an election, and make thrusting newbies junior ministers, to pack a punch on the front bench. There was nothing of the sort. You could imagine the tumbleweed passing by on the Ten O'Clock News. I could only conclude that invisibility was the new measure of political success - and on that benchmark the reshuffle was a resounding triumph. Perhaps Rishi had decided policy, not personality, was to be the focus, but politics needs personalities, as much to sell policies as to create them. Good policy also needs politicians to have a firm grasp of their brief. If not, power flows inevitably to the civil servants who do. And this has been a growing problem over recent times as ministers and prime ministers have come and gone. Rishi's arrival has certainly brought calm and stability, and I was hoping some of his new team who were well, but who'd only place for a few months, would have stayed to ensure they could deliver. However, they haven't and four new departments were created, which bring new and unnecessary headaches. I mention this as someone who became Secretary of State for the Department of Work and Pensions after another new department was created... the Department of Exiting the EU. With only a year to the general election, the three priorities for the Government are: deliver, deliver, deliver. They mustn't do anything to take their attention away from that. The country needs stability. Rishi has provided that so far but I fear his reshuffle has created more instability with new departments and the merry-go-round of ministers. Joe Biden delivered his State of the Union address this week. It is the state of Joe Biden I am more concerned about than the United States of America. How on earth anyone could vote for such a bumbling fool is beyond me, and yet now all the talk is of him standing again at the next election. This is a man who struggles to string together two sentences, let alone two terms as president. If he is the best the Democrats have then God help them, and if he is the best we have as leader of the free world then God help all of us. It would be funny if it wasn't so serious. When people in the future mark the moment the dominance of the West was finally eclipsed by the power of the East, I suspect the time we had someone as embarrassing as Joe Biden as US President will be seen as defining and symbolic. No music collection is complete without Burt Bacharach's Greatest Hits. Whether I was putting on my make-up for a night out, nursing a broken heart or simply getting ready for work, everything felt better listening to Dionne Warwick, above with Bacharach, singing I Say A Little Prayer or our Dusty Springfield singing The Look Of Love. Burt was a genuine music legend. He is gone but his music will live on, especially in our home.