NCIS has entered a new era following the departure of Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) in 2021, with new team leader Alden Parker (Gary Cole) heading up the action-packed series for the past two seasons. However, the CBS drama could already be starting to look for a new lead as a new promo for next week’s episode reveals the senior agent will be taking a backseat to their next investigation. Parker’s time with the NCIS could run out following a temporary suspension from Director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll). After a brief hiatus, the show’s 20th season was back in full swing last week with the agents teaming up with a famous actress played by guest star Tania Raymonde. The action continues next Monday with Old Wounds, which could shed more light on Parker’s troubled but shadowy past before joining up with the FBI. An official synopsis for the episode reads: “Parker grapples with his emotions when a con man from his past turns up as a prime suspect in the murder of a navy officer.” READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series Meanwhile, a recently released promotional trailer has given viewers some idea of what to expect from the NCIS’ latest case. The promo kicks off with Parker, Dr Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen), Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) and Nicolas Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) surveying a huge drugs bust. “Three crates of opioids. An estimated street value: three,” Parker tells his agents. Dr Palmer is stunned and confirms “Million?”, to which Parker nods. It’s currently unclear how the drugs bust will connect to the murder case, but the two investigations could dig up more dirt from the team leader’s past. Later, the team are looking into their prime suspect, Benny, who is shown on the screens back at NCIS headquarters. Although this hasn’t been confirmed, Benny is presumably the con man and possibly a former friend of Parker the episode synopsis is referring to. Clearly, Vance believes Parker could be too close to the case to handle it personally, so he’s parked for the time being. DON'T MISS:Big Bang Theory’s Mayim Bialik sparks uproar with Jeopardy return [BACKLASH]Lockwood and Co boss shares season 2 cast wishlist [EXCLUSIVE]The Handmaid’s Tale fans convinced Hannah ‘saved’ by June’s mum [THEORY] “Nothing to fear on my end,” he assures the agents before Vance steps in with a shocking announcement. “Not anymore, you’re benched,” he says, with Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) looking concernedly over his shoulder. Parker obviously wasn’t expecting the ultimatum and exclaims “What?” at his boss. While last week’s mission investigating a cold-blooded serial killer was intense, there was nothing to suggest Vance was unhappy with Parker’s behaviour out in the field. In fact, he even managed to save the lives of the killer’s next intended victims at the 11th hour. However, suspicions had already been raised against the team’s new boss when the agents discovered he had spent time in juvenile detention. Hopefully, his criminal past is completely behind him, but could the return of Bobby reveal more of Parker’s hidden dark side? NCIS season 20 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA and Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.