Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher raged at Alisson Becker as the goalkeeper gifted Real Madrid a goal in the Reds’ Champions League humbling at Anfield. In behind-the-scenes footage, pundit Carragher fumed at Alisson for ‘trying to be too clever’ with the ball. Jurgen Klopp’s side had raced into a 2-0 lead in the first leg of their last-16 tie. Vinicius Jr. then halved the deficit before Alisson passed straight to his Brazil team-mate to gift the Spanish giants an equaliser. Alisson received a backpass but instead of his effort finding Trent-Alexander-Arnold, the ball ricocheted off Vinicius and bounced into the net. Liverpool were unable to recover from the setback and were thrashed 5-2 on a humiliating night for the Premier League outfit. Footage has now emerged of Carragher raging at Alisson for his error. Watching the game alongside fellow pundits Thierry Henry and Micah Richards, the former defender accused the goalkeeper of trying to overcomplicate the situation with the ball. JUST IN: Rio Ferdinand was left 'screaming' as BT Sport pundits hail Benzema Speaking on CBS Sports, Carragher watched the goal before shouting: “Just pass it, lad! Do the simple thing! Stop trying to be too clever!” Carragher slammed Liverpool’s defending as a ‘shambles’ and said the back four can no longer cope. The loss of Sadio Mane and the waning powers of Roberto Firmino have seen Liverpool’s famed front three long torn apart - which Carragher believes is affecting how Liverpool defend. He added: "They have been an absolute shambles defensively. So this Liverpool defence now -- who we've been told for years have got some of the best players in the world - can't cope. “For years they've had a front six in front of them that worked harder and smarter than any other team in world football. And now that's gone. It has completely [fallen] apart." DON'T MISS...Football news LIVE - Klopp 'disrespects' Real Madrid, Man Utd plansJordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid loss Carragher also tore into Virgil van Dijk and Joe Gomez. Van Dijk had recently joked that a prime version of the former defender would not get into Liverpool’s back four under Klopp. But Carragher has now hit back: "We keep looking for reasons and excuses but no, it's nowhere near good enough and Virgil van Dijk said I wouldn't get in that back four a few months ago. I think I'd take his place at the moment. "Some of the players there, Joe Gomez tonight. Look, we have all had bad nights as players and maybe I shouldn't kick someone who is down. You're talking about midfield players that Liverpool need, and that's right, I think Liverpool need defenders as well. Because when they get exposed, they can't defend."