Despite days of negotiations, Hakim Ziyech may not be able to join PSG as Chelsea reportedly failed to submit the documents on time to complete the move. It is now unclear whether the deal can be approved by the respective leagues.  Ziyech was keen to join PSG rather than other interested clubs, such as Roma and RB Leipzig, but now may not be able to make the move to the Park des Princes due to a paperwork error, according to The Athletic. The move is now at risk of collapsing as Chelsea are accused of ‘failing to submit the paperwork in time’ for the move to be approved. PSG are now considering an appeal to the Ligue de Football Professionnel (LFP) on Wednesday as the clubs look to resolve the situation. A PSG source described the situation as a ‘Class A circus’, with Ziyech left in limbo and pondering where his future lies. The Moroccan international has quickly become surplus to requirements at Stamford Bridge this month, with Graham Potter rebuilding his attack. The former Brighton boss was desperate to bolster his forward ranks this month, with his side hijacking Arsenal’s pursuit of Mykhaylo Mudryk to secure his services in a deal worth £88million. Winger Noni Madueke also arrived from PSV to provide another option on the right, pushing Ziyech further down the pecking order at Chelsea. Potter also felt that he lacked depth through the middle, and Todd Boehly wasted no time in addressing that issue. Joao Felix was signed on loan from Atletico Madrid, with talented prospect David Datro Fofana on a long-term contract. Ziyech has made 10 appearances for Chelsea so far this season in the Premier League, starting just four matches. And minutes will certainly be hard to come by now with an influx of attacking players in the dressing room. Potter will be looking to build his team around the new marquee signings, particularly Enzo Fernandez. The Argentine international has joined from Benfica on a long-term contract for a British record £105million fee. The deal was agreed in the final knockings of deadline day, with all parties then rushing to complete the move after they were granted a final hour to finalise the deal. It remains to be seen whether Ziyech is as fortunate as Fernandez with the outcome of his January transfer or if he will be ruing the deal not being put into advanced with earlier in the window.