A dog has been rescued after being stuck for 55 hours under the rubble after 7.7 and 7.5 magnitude earthquakes hit the southern Turkish province of Hatay. Rescue teams in Turkey and Syria worked through the night to recover more bodies from the rubble of thousands of buildings destroyed by a devastating earthquake. The death toll rose to more than 9,500 on Wednesday, making the quake the deadliest in over a decade. This makes it the deadliest natural disaster in Japan since a 2011 earthquake triggered a tsunami that killed nearly 20,000 people. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan was scheduled to visit the town of Pazarcik, the epicentre of the earthquake, and the worst-hit province of Hatay on Wednesday, amid calls for the government to send more aid to the disaster zone. Turkey now has 60,000 aid workers in the earthquake zone, but many people are still waiting for assistance with the devastation so widespread. Arif Kaan, a three-year-old boy, was pulled from beneath the rubble of a collapsed apartment building in Kahramanmaras, a city near the epicentre, nearly two days after the magnitude 7.8 quake struck southeastern Turkey and northern Syria. With the boy's lower body trapped beneath slabs of concrete and twisted rebar, emergency crews wrapped a blanket around his torso to keep him warm as they carefully cut the debris away from him, wary of triggering another collapse. Search and rescue teams from more than a dozen countries have joined Turkish emergency personnel, with aid donations pouring in. READ MORE: UK rescue team join desperate race to find Turkey earthquake survivors However, as devastation spread across several cities and towns, voices are crying from within mounds of rubble fell silent, and despair grows among those still waiting for assistance. In Syria, the earthquake wiped out thousands of buildings, adding to the misery caused by the country's 12-year civil war and refugee crisis. Residents in a northwestern Syrian town discovered a crying newborn still connected by the umbilical cord to her deceased mother on Monday afternoon. According to relatives, the baby was the only member of her family to survive a building collapse in the small town of Jinderis. DON'T MISS:Turkey hit with over 435 aftershocks as death toll may rise to 20k [REPORT] Horror and heartbreak in Turkey as death toll could hit 20,000 [REPORT] Amanda Owen left feeling 'helpless' in aftermath of 'devastation' [REPORT] Erdogan declared a three-month state of emergency in 10 provinces, including in the province Hatay where a dog was rescued. The state of emergency affects 13 million of the country's 85 million people. According to authorities, more than 8,000 people have been rescued from the rubble in Turkey, and 380,000 have sought refuge in government shelters or hotels. Aid efforts in Syria have been hampered by the ongoing conflict and the isolation of the rebel-held border region, which is surrounded by Russia-backed government forces. Syria is an international pariah as a result of Western sanctions related to the war. According to the UN, it is "exploring all avenues" to get supplies to the rebel-held northwest. The area is situated on major fault lines and is frequently shaken by earthquakes. In 1999, similar powerful earthquakes struck northwest Turkey, killing 18,000 people. READ NEXT:Earthquake horror as voice notes heard from those trapped in rubbleAtsu's team-mates visit him in hospital with condition unknownWhat Britain is doing to help Turkish earthquake victims - COMMENTSyrian boy found buried alive under ruins of Turkey earthquakeThree British nationals missing after Turkey earthquake