A witness has come forward to speak to Lancashire Police as the search for Nicola Bulley continues. The mother of two went missing nine days ago while walking her dog, Willow, in St Michaels on Wyre. Police had said that the "working hypothesis" is that Nicola fell into the river, but her family has questioned this. On Saturday, police released an image of a potential witness, and this person has now come forward to speak to police. Later that evening, the force said it was "pleased to say that the woman came forward very quickly", stressing that she was "very much being treated as a witness." They added: "[The woman] was one of many people in St Michael's on Friday, 27 January. "Our enquiries to find Nicola are extensive and will include speaking to as many members of the public as possible." The key witness was pictured on CCTV wearing a yellow jacket and pushing a young child in a pram. Police said earlier this week that their "working hypothesis" was that Nicola fell into the river. but the missing mum's family questioned this theory. The force has now revealed there is “no evidence of a slip or a fall." Superintendent Sally Riley told the Sunday Times: “I think if it had been a sloping bank, a common-sense view would be that you would expect to find scuff marks. “If it is sheer and you lose your footing, you might not have any marks left on the grass. All of that has been subjected to a detailed search.” Superintendent Riley maintained, however, that it is still unlikely she was attacked by a third party. She continued: “When you triangulate all the witnesses, the CCTV, the digital and the telephone, the whole picture, it produces such a tiny window for criminal involvement that it becomes highly unlikely. “This is a low-crime area. It’s genuinely a safe, tight-knit area, people look out for each other. “A third-party [being] involved that we haven’t yet had sightings of, we haven’t caught on CCTV or dash-cam or all the other things I’ve mentioned, is just not likely.” More to follow...