Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster couldn’t help poking fun at Philadelphia Eagles cornerback James Bradberry on Valentine’s Day to kickstart a dramatic clash on social media between the two teams. Smith-Schuster and Bradberry were involved in a key penalty late in the fourth quarter as the Chiefs defeated the Eagles in Super Bowl LVII. On Sunday night in Arizona, the Chiefs secured a dramatic 38-35 win over the Eagles in a game which will go down as an all-time classic. Kansas City star quarterback Patrick Mahomes threw for 182 yards and three touchdowns to lead the Chiefs to a sensational win, which was secured by a late field goal from kicker Harrison Butker with just eight seconds remaining. However, there’s been plenty of discussion around the circumstances that led to a controversial late flag on Bradberry when he clashed with Smith-Schuster. Late in the fourth quarter with the Super Bowl tied at 35-35, Bradberry was called for a holding penalty after he was seen just grabbing the back of Smith-Schuster's jersey. The penalty ultimately allowed the Chiefs up to run the rest of the clock out before kicking the title-clinching field goal. READ MORE: When is the NFL Draft and free agency start dates after Super Bowl In a tweet featuring Bradberry on a Valentine’s Day card with the caption ‘I’ll hold you when it matters most’, Smith-Schuster wrote ‘Happy Valentine’s Day, everybody’ along with a heart emoji. The post generated plenty of interactions as fans and NFL figures reacted to the jibe, with Eagles wide receiver AJ Brown among a host of players irked by Smith-Schuster’s behaviour. “First off congratulations,” the star Eagles wideout wrote as a reply. “Y’all deserve it. This is lame. You was on the way out the league before Mahomes resurrected your career on your 1 year deal Tik-Tok bo. He admitted that he grabbed you but don’t act like your like that or ever was. But congratulations again!” The 'TikTok boy' label helped make the tweet go viral as Brown took aim at Smith-Schuster. The 26-year-old - who was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 2017 NFL Draft - has been criticised in the past for doing TikTok dances on the logo of opposing teams while opponents have claimed to have used his behaviour as motivation when facing his team. DON'T MISSKansas City Chiefs' X-rated celebrations after Super Bowl triumphBlack national anthem at Super Bowl sparks fiery debateGordon Ramsay and Paul McCartney delight fans at Super Bowl Smith-Schuster appeared to take Brown’s defence of Bradberry in good spirits, adding: “Glad you were finally able to get all that off your chest after all these years. Good game bro.” In his post-match interview, Bradberry held himself accountable and admitted it was the correct decision, despite the uproar of others online. He said: “It was a holding. I tugged his jersey. I was hoping they would let it slide.” Meanwhile, Super Bowl LVII referee Carl Cheffers told pool reporters it was a ‘clear’ call against Bradberry, insisting: “The receiver went to the inside and he was attempting to release to the outside. The defender grabbed the jersey with his right hand and restricted him from releasing to the outside. So, therefore, we called defensive holding.”