 Bjorn Borg has weighed into the GOAT debate and offered something of a split opinion. The tennis legend is already regarded as one of the best players in history himself but has shared his own opinion on the race between Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal. He labelled the Spaniard one of the “greatest” while also appearing to give the world No 1 the edge when it comes to having the most Grand Slams as he predicted when Djokovic would retire. Djokovic and Nadal’s race for history heated up last month when the Serb won his 22nd Grand Slam title at the Australian Open to equal the world No 6’s men’s singles record. And the GOAT debate has become so tense that even some of the sport’s other legends have been weighing in, with Borg the latest to give his view on the debate. Often seen as the original King of Clay before Nadal, the 11-time Grand Slam champion was quick to label the Spaniard one of the greatest players as he explained just how impressed he was by Nadal’s work ethic during the Laver Cup. “With Rafa we used to be training for five hours on the court,” the Swede told India Today. “In the Laver Cup they opened the courts at six in the morning because Rafa served for an hour before the real training began. I have never seen a player spend so long on a tennis court. He is one of the greatest in this sport, he has been committed to improving his tennis for a long time. It is incredible.” JUST IN: Medvedev fires early Indian Wells warning after winning Rotterdam   While Borg appeared to throw his weight behind Nadal, the former world No 1 seemed to be split when picking the ultimate GOAT between the Spaniard and Djokovic as he backed the world No 1 to keep winning Grand Slam titles following his run to a historic 10th Aussie Open crown. The six-time French Open winner gave his verdict on when Djokovic would retire as he added: “Djokovic is fit and very hungry to keep playing. “I think he still has three to five years of great tennis in him. He wants to break all the records in the sport, create new records himself. I think he will win several more Grand Slams. I wish him the best.” DON'T MISSRaducanu stalker 'submits document' to have community service scrappedCarlos Alcaraz admits feeling 'guilty' after he beat Norrie to titleDjokovic calls sudden press conference as Indian Wells update expected Borg has been able to gain a unique insight into working with Nadal and Djokovic as he has been the captain of Team Europe at the Laver Cup, with the Spaniard competing in the tournament three times while Djokovic has signed up twice, including in 2022 when all of the Big Four played on the same team for the first and last time in history for Roger Federer’s farewell. “To be able to be part of that experience, to be present in the current generation with some of the best players in the world, is fantastic,” Borg said of the tournament. “What we did for tennis was fantastic, but spending time with another generation is fabulous.” 