Camilla will wear Queen Mary's crown at King Charles's Coronation in May Buckingham Palace has confirmed. They said it has been removed from display at the Tower of London for modification work ahead of the historic event. Many of the jewels, including the controversial Koh-I-Noor diamond, will be replaced. In tribute to the late Queen Elizabeth II, the crown will be reset with her Cullinan III, IV and V diamonds, which she often wore as brooches. The Palace has also decided to remove the Koh-I-Noor diamond from the crown. The historic crown is currently set with the jewel in the front cross - a historic treasure that was seized by the East India Company in 1849 when it was presented to Queen Victoria and made part of the Crown Jewels. In India a campaign was launched for the UK to return the diamond, although it is also claimed by Afghanistan and Pakistan.  A spokesman for Indian prime minister Narendra Modi said the jewel "brings back painful memories of the colonial past". Critics had warned the Palace that choosing to wear this crown would be "a massive diplomatic grenade", according to the Daily Mail. Other modifications include the removal of four of the Crown’s eight detachable arches to create a different impression to when the Crown was worn by Queen Mary at the 1911 Coronation. The Cullinan diamonds have been set into Queen Mary’s Crown on previous occasions. READ MORE: Meghan thought Harry's book Spare would 'heighten celebrity status'  Cullinan III and IV were set temporarily in the Crown for the 1911 Coronation, and the Cullinan V was inserted when the Crown was worn as a regal circlet at King George VI’s Coronation in 1937. The Palace said that the decision to rewear the crown was made in the interests of sustainability and efficiency. It marks the first time in recent history that an existing crown will be used for the Coronation of a Consort instead of a new commission being made. The last time a crown was re-used was when Queen Caroline, consort of George II, wore Mary of Modena’s crown in the 1700s.  DON'T MISS:Sarah Ferguson set to spill the beans on Queen, Harry and Meghan [DETAILS]William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – [CLAIM]Americans 'find Meghan Markle phoney, contrived and overdramatic' [REPORT]   Queen Mary's crown is steeped in history having been made by Garrard’s for the 1911 coronation. The design was inspired by Queen Alexandra’s Crown of 1902. Like Queen Alexandra’s Crown, it can be worn without the arches in the form of a regal circlet, which Queen Mary wore for the Coronation of her son, King George VI, in 1937. 