Coco Gauff is one of the most exciting young players in women's tennis right now and has quickly cemented herself as a household name in the sport. The 18-year-old rose significantly into the spotlight during 2022 and reached a career-high of fourth in the world rankings after a strong year on the court. The American first burst onto the scene when she picked apart 23-time Slam winner Venus Williams in straight sets during her opening match at Wimbledon in 2019. She was just 15 years old and three months old at the time, making her the youngest player in Open Era history to reach the main draw at the All England Club by qualifying. Her impressive run on grass came less than two years after she became the youngest-ever finalist at the US Open girls tournament, aged just 13. Born in Atlanta in 2004, Gauff started playing tennis aged seven and moved to Florida to improve her training opportunities. She comes from a family of athletes, with her father playing basketball at Georgia State University and her mother a track and field athlete at Florida State University. In Gauff’s case, her father Corey has been instrumental in grooming her career. Along with him, former French tennis player Jean-Christophe Faurel has also been in the Gauff camp since early 2019. During her early days, Gauff's parents gave up on their careers in order to help their daughter to excel. Her father became her primary coach and eventually got her into the Patrick Mouratoglou Tennis Academy. He has been part of many top players’ careers - most notably Serena Williams. So far in her professional career, Gauff, who is just over a month shy of her 19th birthday, has won three career singles titles. Her most recent came during the lead up to the Australian Open. The US star stormed to victory in New Zealand this January and won the ASB Classic without dropping a single set. On the doubles stage, Gauff has won six titles in her career and has become quite the force to be reckoned with alongside her newest partner, Jessica Pegula. The American duo won the Qatar Open, Canadian Open and San Diego Open together last year. Gauff is still waiting to win her first Grand Slam title - but she has been consistently knocking on the door. Last year, she recorded her best ever major singles finish when she reached the final of the French Open. After failing to drop a single set in the lead up the final, Gauff fell to world number one Iga Swiątek at the last hurdle. As well as noteworthy performances, the star is widely recognised as one of the most fearsome servers in tennis - and for good reason. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Gauff is currently worth £2.8m ($3.5m). She has endorsement deals with New Balance and racquet maker Head, as well as a sponsorship agreement with Italian food company Barilla, which is also one of Roger Federer‘s sponsors.