The Government’s ‘Get Around for £2’ initiative for bus travel has been well received since it was introduced on New Year’s Day 2023. Now, millions of passengers across England are set to continue to benefit from lower fares. Mark Harper, transport secretary, has announced an extension to the £2 cap for a further three months. The £2 scheme was set to end in March, but single bus fares outside of London will be kept at this rate until the end of June. It is hoped the move will continue to save passengers money and encourage more individuals to use this form of transportation. Travellers will be able to save almost a third of the ticket price, as the average single local bus ticket costs £2.80. READ MORE: Pension age is changing as some Britons set to wait longer for access The providers which will continue with the £2 fare cap scheme are yet to be confirmed, but the Government has vowed to do so in due course. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak commented on the decision, and said: “I want to make bus travel affordable for all. “That’s why we’re continuing to cap fares at £2 and protecting local routes, ensuring we have a modern and efficient network that’s accessible for everyone. “Getting more people onto reliable and affordable buses will strengthen communities and help grow the economy – connecting people to jobs, driving pensioners to see friends and family, and helping people attend medical appointments or access education. DON'T MISSMarried Britons could reduce their tax bill by £1,242 [INSIGHT]Britons could boost pension by £130,000 by giving it ‘a little love’ [ANALYSIS]WhatsApp warning as dangerous offer message circulates [WARNING] “I’m determined to ensure that no matter where you live, you have the same opportunities to get around easily and can feel pride in your local area. “This is why protecting our local bus services is so important.” Patronage on buses is still at approximately 85 to 90 percent of pre-COVID-19 levels, according to the Government, creating challenges for operators. However, travel by bus remains “the most popular option for commuters”, Mr Harper explained. READ MORE: Millions could be missing out on key benefit worth up to £4.8k a year He added: “We’re providing £155 million to help passengers save money on fares, get more people on the bus and protect vital bus routes. “This is helping with the cost of living and enabling people to get where they need to in an affordable and convenient way.” It is thought the fare cap intervention will offer support to families and commuters, but ideally to all passengers to ease the rising cost of living. The £2 fare cap is likely to be useful for those who are not eligible for the free bus pass or concessions on travel. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea At present, those living in most places in England can only get the free bus pass once they reach state pension age. Whereas in Scotland, Northern Ireland, Wales and London, the typical eligibility age for a free bus pass is 60. There are, however, numerous groups who are eligible for the free bus pass or discounted travel. This includes: