WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Happy Valley seaosn 3. Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) was determined to help Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard) escape a clearly abusive relationship. However, Joanna did not want to leave her young daughters and her constant supply of diazepam from neighbour Faisal (Amit Shah). Catherine was devastated when Joanna was later found dead in a suitcase after being killed by Faisal. Reflecting on working with actress Sarah, Mollie said it was like watching a "masterclass". Mollie joined Sally Nugent and Jon Kay on Monday's BBC Breakfast to review the final epsidoe. When asked about what Sarah is like on set, Mollie commented: "It's phenomenal. Working with Sarah is like watching a masterclass in acting. "Sally, her writing is just... all the false starts in like the sentences, they're in the script. READ MORE: Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat "It's all in the script so you don't need to add anything. It's just flawless, it's perfect. "So when you get a masterclass, combined with flawless writing, it's magic." Mollie was also joined by co-star Amit, who explained why he felt Faisal's ending was left open. Sally asked: "Did you know what was coming? I'm guessing you watched til the end?" "Well, I was aware of what was going to happen to my character because I was physically there," Amit replied. "But regarding scenes involving other characters, those scenes were taken out of my script so I didn't. "I was watching it as an audience member last night." Sally probed: "So explain that to us. Other characters other than your character weren't in the script you got in your hand?" DON'T MISS...Sarah Lancashire's next career move confirmed after Happy Valley final [LATEST]GMB fans slam Happy Valley debate as guest calls series 'unhealthy' [REACTION]BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay 'not allowed to talk' due to Happy Valley ban [VIDEO]  "Exactly," the Faisal star confirmed. "It didn't affect my journey so I wasn't aware of it. "Maybe they wanted to keep that open and they wanted to play with different options until filming but it was very secretive." Amit and Mollie weren't the only stars in the dark over the ending as Ryan Cawood star Rhys Connah also didn't know how it would conclude. The teen told The Guardian he would, like much of the nation, be curled up on the soaf watching the drama unfold with his mum. "Even I haven’t seen the last episode yet, and I can’t wait to watch it," he said. "Mum really wants to know what happens but not a single word has passed my lips about the final episode." Happy Valley is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.