Commonly given as sympathy gift plants, this gorgeous houseplant with white flowers and dark green foliage adds life and vibrance to any room. It’s also a very forgiving plant that has many benefits. Add that to the ease of peace lily plant care, and it’s an ideal plant that anyone can grow. However, Kate Lindley, product manager at Baby Bio has shared with Express.co.uk five “common mistakes to avoid killing a peace lily”. Peace lilies can handle bright indirect light, but end up quickly becoming scorched and killed off in direct sun. Gentle morning sun is generally okay, but if the plant is getting direct sun and you see brown spots, it needs more protection. Kate said: “Peace lilies are sensitive to direct sunlight, so make sure you choose a spot in your home where it will get bright but indirect light. Long exposure to direct, hot sunlight could burn the leaves, so avoid sunny, south-facing window sills. “While they can tolerate low light, peace lilies may not bloom quite as beautifully as if they are in bright, indirect light.” READ MORE: ‘One of the best houseplants’ to ‘remove dust’ from your home The houseplant pro noted that peace lilies prefer a humid environment, and while dry air is unlikely to kill the plant, it is likely to cause “dry, crisp leaves that will leave the plant looking a little worse for wear”. Therefore it is suggested to “increase humidity levels by misting once or twice a week”, or by placing the plants next to a tray of pebbles in a shallow layer of water to “create its own microclimate”. The plant will tend to grow bigger and faster in humid conditions. Try to keep the ambient humidity above 50 percent and anything over 60 percent, the houseplant will be overjoyed. Kate added that owners can also group plants together as a “great way to easily boost air humidity”. DON'T MISS4p kitchen staple to clean your ‘entire’ washing machine in 5 minutes [TIPS]Heating specialist shares how to avoid £300 log burner fine [INSIGHT]‘Big mistake’ to ‘avoid’ when using your tumble dryer - ‘damaging’ [EXPERT] Peace lilies do not prefer cold temperatures and often die if kept cold for an extended period. As they are tropical plants, they prefer a mild environment. Generally, between 15 and 25 degrees is thought to be the “ideal” temperature for peace lilies to thrive, according to the expert. Owners should be mindful of the ideal temperature, because below this its leaves can be killed off. Also remember to keep them protected from chilly draughts, so “avoid windows that may let in a chill”, urged the experts. READ MORE: ‘Worst place’ to keep your peace lily or risk negative effects It’s generally a good idea to fertilise houseplants because, over time, they will deplete the nutrients in their containers and run out of food. After all, when growing in the wild, plants have access to fertiliser as foliage falls, insects die, and plant matter rots around them, enriching the soil. This does not really happen in the home. Although some of your plant’s leaves will drop onto the surface of the soil, on the whole, it won’t get much back, and the nutrients won’t be well balanced. Kate said: “Peace lilies, like most plants, need a mix of nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium for optimum growth, so invest in a plant food which can provide the perfect balance. “We recommend using an all-purpose feed like Baby Bio® Organic Houseplant Food or Baby Bio® Houseplant Food original, every time you water.” To use it simply add a few drops to the water and pour at the base of the houseplant. Peace lilies “need consistently moist soil”, so it’s important not to let the compost dry out completely between watering as this can cause the leaves to wilt and the plant to eventually die, warned the peace lily pro. Kate noted: “A good sign your peace lily might need watering is if the leaves begin to droop, but they should soon pick up after a drink.” Soak an underwatered peace lily in a sink or basin of water for at least 10 minutes to give it a deep watering. Just be careful of overwatering too, as peace lilies don’t like to be sat in soil that is too damp either.