The news was reported by the Wall Street Journal, which said the US plans to deploy between 100 and 200 troops, up from around 30 a year ago. The deployment would be the largest in decades, while the Michigan National Guard is also training a contingent of the Taiwanese military. Taiwan’s Defence Minister, Chiu Kuo-cheng, confirmed the deployment of Taiwanese troops to the US. After the furore over an alleged CCP spy balloon over North America, with reports of a Chinese satellite firing lasers over the US state of Hawaii, the new deployment comes at a highly sensitive time. On the one hand, it shows the US means business when it comes to defending Taiwan. On the other, it will likely lead the CCP to think its window of opportunity to blockade or invade is shortening. Apart from anything else, Beijing knows the longer they leave it, the longer the West has to get its inventories of weapons back up after so much support for Ukraine, plus the longer the likes of Japan have to re-militarise and Taiwan has to prepare. Plus, the longer China leaves it, the more likely the West will be to apply sanctions, something hard to do now given how intertwined their economies are. Any blockade could go beyond sea and air, something Beijing would hope chokes Taiwan given how dependent the island is on imports of food and fuel (Taiwan's energy import dependence is around 98 percent). China may also be practising cutting off the internet, with Chinese vessels having recently disabled cables connecting Taiwan’s Matsu Islands, amid suspicions this was no accident. Another factor which may speed up a Chinese move on Taiwan is the impact US export controls are likely to have on the Chinese economy, with Washington seeking to cut China off from semiconductor manufacturing technology. Semiconductors are the lifeblood of the modern economy and something Taiwan has an outsized role in. They are also critical for modern weaponry. China may decide it must go for broke even if it is debatable the extent to which the CCP could operate Taiwan's semiconductor industry in the aftermath of war, and whether the West would cooperate with China. Ultimately the CCP's goal of dominating Asia depends on breaking through the 'first island chain' which blocks Chinese dominance of the Pacific, and which Taiwan is a part of. But the stakes are also high for the US. If the CCP controls Taiwan and breaks through the chain, it can dominate the Pacific, put the US on the backfoot, destroy US credibility in the region, and possibly lead to a dollar crisis since the US dollar's reserve currency status in no small part depends on the US Navy's role guaranteeing freedom of the sea lanes, a position it could lose if Taiwan is taken. Taiwan is also critical to China's aims to dominate the resource-rich South China Sea, which it sits just above. Beijing has sought to assert its dominance over the Sea through the 'nine-dash lane', and has major maritime disputes with countries like the Philippines - also part of the first island chain - and which recently granted the US expanded access to some of its military bases. In this context, the sending of US troops to Taiwan will not be taken lightly by Beijing but will be viewed as critical by Washington. Given China's greater industrial capacity however - thanks to years of Western outsourcing - the US will likely need to rely on allies both in the region (such as Australia, Japan and South Korea) and further afield (like the UK) in the event of war. Even with a depleted military, given Britain's alliance with the US, the UK's nuclear weapons, the recent AUKUS deal with Australia and the US, the recent Japan-UK defence deal, as well as the hosting of US troops in the British Indian Ocean Territory, it seems impossible that the UK could sit out any Asian war. This is something the likely next PM, Sir Keir Starmer, will have to come to terms with.