With house prices still soaring, it’s only natural that we are living in smaller homes. Making the most of your home’s space is important, so you ideally don’t want it to look small when implementing new decor. And even if you have a large home, there are several ways you could be making your property appear smaller than it really is. Fitted furniture experts at Online-Bedrooms.co.uk have revealed seven mistakes that make Britons' homes appear smaller. Dark walls and the overuse of patterns and colours all draw the eyes inwards, making a room look smaller. The interior experts suggested homeowners should try and allow as much natural light as possible into a home to make it appear bigger and to fit floor-to-ceiling curtains to make homes feel more open and airy. Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms said: “It’s important to decorate your home to suit its size and for those of us with smaller spaces that means making design choices that are going up to open our rooms and make them feel light and airy. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn mould around my window - photos “I’ve seen a lot of common design mistakes that people have made which result in their space looking quite small and crowded. “Blocking natural light, having dark walls and curtains the incorrect length are all things that draw a room inwards and make it feel a bit cramped. “Some of my top tips for making a small space feel bigger is opting for floor to ceiling curtains that begin from the very top of your wall and sticking to around two to three colours per room.” These are the interior mistakes making your home feel smaller: DON'T MISSFour ‘very offensive’ plants ‘effective’ at deterring rats [INSIGHT]‘Effective and safe’ tips to stop cats and foxes pooing in your garden [UPDATE]Use natural method that 'takes no time at all' to descale kettle [ANALYSIS] Putting too many patterns into one room can draw the space inward, making it appear smaller than it is. If you are a pattern lover, opt for a bigger and wider pattern. This will make the room look more spacious to the eye. Having dark walls can make them appear smaller than they are and can make the overall room look cramped Opting for lighter colours will add an open and airy feel to a room. Packing every corner of a room with furniture can make a room look crowded and cluttered. READ MORE: ‘Fluff up’ hard towels in the washing machine using common £1 staple Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Instead, try spreading furniture out and make use of things like fitted wardrobes to maximise storage and space. If your curtains start just above the window line it could make the room look smaller. Hang the curtains close to the ceiling instead, this will create height and make the room feel more spacious. Adding a pop of colour to your home is a great way to give it character, however, too many colours in one place can make it look too busy and crowded. Opt for two to three colours per room and make sure they complement one another. The entryway is the first impression people have of your home so it’s important to keep it tidy. Having open shoe racks out and coats hanging on display immediately draws the space in and makes it look full. Allowing in plenty of natural light is one of the “key ways” to ensure your home feels open, light and airy. Placing furniture in front of windows blocks natural light, making rooms feel smaller.