Aston Martin have a blueprint in place should Lance Stroll not return to action for the Formula 1 curtain-raiser in Bahrain on Sunday. The Canadian's recent wrist injury has put the British outfit in a precarious position ahead of the season-opener in Sakhir, leading to rumours that retired Sebastian Vettel could make an audacious return to the grid. However, it appears the German's comeback will be kept in reserve as a last resort after Aston Martin confirmed an alternative plan is already in place. And it involves a driver who's already on the books at Silverstone. Fernando Alonso is guaranteed to lead the line-up after impressing with 270 laps in pre-season testing this past week, while Felipe Drugovich could feature as his deputy. The Brazilian completed 117 laps of his own in testing and could make his maiden F1 start in Sakhir, with Stroll's participation still in the balance following his slip while cycling. "An update on our driver line-up for the #BahrainGP," read a tweet from Aston Martin on Sunday morning. "The team will continue to give Lance every chance to race, pending recovery from his injury. Should he not be fit to compete, then Felipe will drive the AMR23 alongside Fernando." READ MORE: Lando Norris 'punches wall' after smiley interview as McLaren frustration sets in  Drugovich, 22, is also part of McLaren's pool of reserve-driver options, though Aston Martin will surely be keeping the youngster close given their current predicament. A former karting champion in his native Brazil, he made a substantial step up in 2022 after winning the Formula 2 title for MP Motorsport. The AMR23 is expected to perform well this season based on the testing times witnessed in Bahrain. Alonso, 41, finished two of the three days among the top three fastest drivers, while Drugovich also managed to register some impressive laps as he got to grips with the car. "First our plan is to have Lance in the car and then we continue to see," said team principal Mike Krack as Aston Martin enter the final phase of their pre-season preparations. "You can ask me five times [who will start in Bahrain], we have not made a final decision." DON'T MISS Bernie Ecclestone laments lack of 'heroes' in F1 with dig at Liberty Media Lewis Hamilton makes glum Mercedes confession after Bahrain test and George Russell agrees Guenther Steiner offers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell glimmer of hope - EXCLUSIVE    Krack also sought to quell the stream of rumours suggesting Vettel was on the verge of an F1 return only a few months after his retirement. The German fan favourite would be a welcome addition to the grid for many fans, but Aston Martin's chief insisted nothing came from their most recent talks. "I have had a couple of phone calls with Sebastian but this has been also [the case] last year and will continue in the future," added Krack. For the time being, at least, Drugovich will retain his team's faith and could be promoted to starting duty for an unepxected debut in Bahrain.