The news of Pistorius’ release comes after texts exchanged between himself and Reeva Steenkamp, then 27, weeks before she was shot were released. During the trial, the court was told how Reeva sent Pistorius a text saying she was scared of him. She wrote: “I’m scared of you.” Another text sent by Reeva showed she was unhappy with how Pistorius was treating her, especially when he accused her of flirting with another man. She said: “You have picked on me incessantly since you got back from CT (Cape Town) and I understand you are sick, but it’s nasty. I was not flirting with anyone. I feel sick u suggested that and that u made a scene at the table and made us leave early. “We are living in a double standard relationship…every 5 seconds I hear how u dated another chick, you really have dated a lot of people, yet you get upset if I mention ONE funny story with a long-term boyfriend. [sic]” Ms Steenkamp added: “I’m scared of u sometimes and how you snap at me and how u will react to me. [sic]” A week before her death, after another exchange of messages, Reeva said: “I can’t be attacked by outsiders for dating u AND be attacked by you, the one person I deserve protection from.” In another message, Pistorius asks Reeva to say nothing about the shooting at Tasha’s restaurant; Pistorius reportedly let off a firearm at the venue. If Pistorius is released, he will do so under 24-hour police protection as he has allegedly crossed the radar of Johannesburg’s underworld kingpins for threatening one of the city’s renowned criminals according to reports in the Daily Mail. Detectives said Pistorius’s name has been circulated among the city’s underworld and contract killers after a string of incidents. With his release potentially just week’s away Reeva’s father has spoken out about meeting Pistorius face-to-face in prison. He told Good Morning Britain: “He wasn’t wailing and crying like a baby, tears came into his eyes, yes. But it wasn’t that dramatic that he was wailing and crying like a baby. It was really traumatising for myself. “I cut our chat short, because I didn’t get the answers I wanted.” Whether Pistorius is granted parole is yet to be seen.