When heat loss occurs in your home it not only raises your energy bills but can also put a heavy strain on your furnace or boiler system. This strain on your system can ultimately cause a breakdown and may result in replacing your heating system sooner than expected. In order to prevent significant heat loss, Tom Edmunds, General Manager at Wunda Group PLC spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk to address areas of heat loss and poor insulation. He said: “There are several simple ways that homeowners can cut down energy usage to save money on their heating bills without switching the heating off. “Above all else, the single-most effective way of making your heating work more efficiently is to identify and address areas of heat loss and poor insulation.” What many might not know is that homes lose 10 to 20 percent of their heat through windows, external doors and alike. Tom said: “Installing energy efficient glazing and high thermal performance doors is one of the best long-term solutions to reduce heat loss and cut bills.” READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ method to use tin foil to boost radiator efficiency However, a “more affordable and sustainable solution” that can be applied straight away will be to try to keep their curtains closed to help retain heat lost through windows and doorways throughout the night and even in the day in rooms not being used, advised the energy pro. He added: “Investing in heavy or thermal lined curtains will yield the best results. If you don’t have a separate porch space to keep unwanted drafts entering your home, a heavy curtain across the front door is a great option to prevent heat from escaping.” Tom highlighted: “One area people might not realise they are losing heat is through their keyholes and letterboxes. “Using a fridge magnet over a keyhole is a simple trick to keep drafts from entering.” Households can pick up an eight pack of magnets from Wilko for £1.50. this works out as around 19p per magnet. DON'T MISSI used baking soda to remove a yellow stain from a white top - photos [COMMENT]3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach [TIPS]February gardening jobs that ‘must’ be completed - what to prune [EXPERT] Britons are also advised to audit and seal any gaps where even the slightest draft could be creeping through and keep both internal and external doors closed, or better yet, invest in an external letterbox and some draught excluders. Very few people spend time thinking about insulating a loft hatch. The loft hatch is, after all, simply a means of access to a space seldom used and does not warrant a great deal of thought. However, an uninsulated loft hatch can be a source of draughts and potential heat loss in your home. Tom noted that it’s actually “very easy” and only requires standard loft insulation, a dedicated loft hatch insulator cushion or a simple draft excluder around the hatch opening, most of which are available at local DIY stores. READ MORE: ‘Simple steps’ to re-grout your tiles for a ‘professional finish’ He added: “Most of our homes have insulation in the space between the rafters in our lofts but leave the hatch uninsulated. “If you have a loft particularly susceptible to drafts, insulating and keeping your loft hatch closed could help retain further heat.” When looking to increase the efficiency of a home’s heating and lower bills, the expert advised reducing the temperature of the boiler. Tom explained: “Our boilers are often set to the maximum temperature, but you can still achieve a comfortable temperature from your radiators without spending as much on the boiler temperature. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “You’re highly unlikely to notice the slight change yet it can make a considerable difference on bills.” The energy guru also advised households to remove any radiator covers as these can obstruct the heat. He said: “Consider removing radiator covers, they may look nice, but they could in fact be hindering heat circulation. “Unless safety is a real concern for young children, try painting an old radiator if your reason for covering it up is aesthetic.”