Within the last year, the Bank of England has raised the country’s base rate ten consecutive times in a bid to control inflation and avoid a recession. This has been a boon for savings accounts however the increase in interest rates has been difficult for homeowners with mortgages and people with debt repayments. As it stands, the central bank has raised the base rate to four percent and further increases are likely to continue based on where inflation is at. Last week, the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for January 2023 came to 10.1 percent. While this is the third consecutive monthly drop in the rate, inflation in the UK remains extremely high. Prices of goods and services have gone up substantially within the last 12 months, placing unprecedented financial pressure on households. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance As a result, experts are warning further interest rate hikes are likely to come in a bid to control inflation even more. New research into the thoughts of investors has provided insight into what may be the reality for the UK economy going forward. A survey carried out by HCYM found many investors believe a recession is “imminent” and the threat of it should be taken seriously. Recessions are defined as having taken place when a country experiences two consecutive quarters of negative economic growth. While growth has remained stagnant over recent quarters, experts are not ruling out a recession as a possibility. Giles Coghlan, the chief market analyst for consulting for HYCM, outlined what investors feel is on the horizon in regards to interest rates. He explained: “Although inflation has somewhat eased over recent weeks, with the most recent CPI figures still standing above 10 percent, HYCM’s research indicates that UK investors are fearful that the spectre of inflation could stick around in the long-term. “Inflation is a beast that eats away at hard-earned savings and plays havoc with domestic budgets – the idea that it could become entrenched is something the Bank of England wants to fight. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “But after a difficult couple of years, even with further interest rate hikes in the pipeline, many investors remain concerned about an imminent recession. “Naturally, this is translating into cautious investment practices – however, it is encouraging to see that a good portion of investors is looking to fight the fall by buying the dip.” The firm’s survey found just 28 percent of investors have confidence inflation will be brought under control this year. Furthermore, a further two in five of those polled are too anxiousto make investments in the current high-inflation economy. Some 22 percent claimed they will be forced to liquidate their investments if high living costs continue to be a reality. According to HYCM’s survey, 42 percent of investors plan to adopt a conservative investment strategy. Around a this of respondents plan to target their investments specifically to sectors they think will be resistant to the recession. Currently, 48 percent of investors surveyed have investments in stocks and shares, while 31 percent invest in property and 28 percent in fixed-interest securities.