Product recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem with an item, meaning it is unsafe for individuals to use. Usually, a company publishes details of its product recall on its website, for its customers' information. B and Q is recalling thousands of bathroom cabinets due to a risk of injury. The retailer is concerned that the mirror doors on the cabinets may detach and fall - risking serious injury. The items are the Artemis white double door mirror cabinet and the Alcudina white double door mirror cabinet. B and Q has warned customers not to use either of the products if they already own one of them, and it is withdrawing them from shelves. READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' On its website, B and Q said: "B and Q has identified a potential risk that the mirror doors may detach from the cabinet which could cause injury. "If you have bought one or more of these, please stop using it immediately. "Remove from the wall with care and return to your local B and Q store for a full refund. "We've put together this safe removal guide to help you remove your cabinets safely."  The company added: "If you have any further queries, please contact our helpline: UK: 0300 303 4482. Republic of Ireland: 1800 946 327." Around 1,469 cabinets were sold in Ireland alone between 2012 and 2022. The Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (CCPC) said: "There are two model types, the first model is the Artemis white double door mirror cabinet, barcode 5052931138418. The second model is the Alcudina white double door mirror cabinet, barcode 5052931707317. "The product was available to purchase between 2012 and 2022 the Artemis model was on sale between October 2012 and January 2017, the Alcudina model was on sale between August 2016 and December 2022. READ MORE: Eagle-eyed royal fans spot uncanny likeness of Princess Eugenie's son to other young royal "There are approximately 1,469 affected products in total in the Republic of Ireland, there are 343 affected units of the Artemis cabinet and 1,126 affected units of the Alcudina cabinet." The CCPC added: "The mirror doors may detach from the cabinet and fall which could cause injuries which may include lacerations, cuts and amputation." In other B and Q news, the DIY retailer announced that eight "mini-market" sites will close their doors in the coming weeks as part of a long-term plan to focus on expanding other forms of B and Q shops. While more than 300 stores will remain open across the UK, shoppers in England could lose access to their local branches. According to the retailer, closures will begin on March 11, 2023, affecting approximately 57 employees across England. The staff impacted by the decision to close "mini-markets" at Asda sites will be offered alternative roles in nearby stores rather than making widespread employment cuts. While just eight sites will close as a result of the long-term plan for the retailer, it will see the complete closure of every mini-market site currently open. These include the mini-market sites open in the following Asda stores: Sheffield Drakehouse Dagenham Roehampton Edmonton Thurmaston Great Bridge Lancaster Hartlepool