The press cannot photograph a man who isn’t there to be photographed. The people cannot boo someone who is not there to be booed. Conversations cannot be repeated if they never take place. Panning shots of Harry and Camilla cannot be taken if the former is not present. If that miserable fellow comes he will be the story, not the King’s crowning. I understand 100 per cent why the King, as a father, wants his son there but I also understand 100 per cent that it is not in the interests of the country, and above all the monarchy, that he should be. His Majesty must now stop dithering and come to a painful decision this very week. He must take a deep breath, don his tin hat and tell his son to stay away. That will mean the press furore and the righteous indignation flowing from Montecito, which will assuredly follow, will be over months before the coronation, whereas delay could mean that the looming event is overshadowed by the row. Yes, Charles will be horribly hurt but it is one of those occasions where duty comes first, as it had to for his grandfather during the abdication crisis. Harry and Meghan must continue to be quietly ignored by the royals until their books, podcasts and interviews have dried up and they are asking themselves “now what?” because that time will undoubtedly come, even if it seems far off. Britain wants to look forward to the first coronation since 1953. We want to wonder at the spectacle and pageantry, enjoy a bonus bank holiday, feel smug that only the Brits can do this sort of thing so well, hobnob with neighbours in street parties, wave Union Jacks, feel part of history. What we absolutely do not want is to be dampened by the self-absorbed, bitter, attention-seeking, therapy-addled miseries of Montecito, whose treachery has already done enough damage to their family and country. Jeremy Hunt is quite right to say that we need to talk Britain up. We do. Yet how much easier that would be if we were now steaming ahead, taking advantage of Brexit, becoming competitive, free of EU shackles and the ECJ having no part to play at all in British affairs. Instead, courtesy of our Remain chancellor and timid Prime Minister, we are bending the knee over Northern Ireland, taxing Britain so highly that it is just plain unattractive to investors and entrepreneurs and taking no advantage whatever of our new-found sovereignty. It is three years since we became legally independent from the EU but we still behave as the vassal state we once were. How on earth can we talk that up? Civil servants exist to do the political will of their democratically elected masters – and not the other way around. Of course it was fun watching Sir Humphrey trying to manipulate the politician in Yes Minister but there is a world of difference between that and civil servants deliberately setting out to undermine and frustrate ministers, something they have no right to do unless those ministers are plotting a military coup against the King, or something equally unlikely. In this country the Government answers to the courts so it is never unaccountable and civil servants who are apparently trying to stop Rishi Sunak’s new asylum law would do well to remember that. Their job is to serve not rebel and if they don’t like what they are being asked to do then they must either do it and wait for the courts to accept or reject it or simply resign. Press, media and Government continue to lament labour market shortages and to present older workers as the problem. Indeed? According to the Office of National Statistics the unemployment rate rose between September and November last year (the latest period for which figures are available) and the highest level of unemployment was recorded in the 16 to 24-year-old age group so perhaps the Government should stop moaning about the early-retired and start focusing on the young before idleness becomes a habit. It is also worth pointing out that in the last 55 years the UK has seen just under 10 million babies aborted. No wonder we cannot grow our own workforce of doctors, nurses, teachers and entrepreneurs. The cult of anonymity in our justice system has already gone too far but the decision of Surrey’s Coroner’s Court to keep secret the name of the poor soul who was mauled by the pack of dogs she was walking was beyond comprehension. It is not a crime to die and naming Natasha Johnston isn’t detrimental to her reputation. Thank heavens that sense has now prevailed.