Coventry Building Society has announced an exclusive savings offering for the financial institution's loyal customers. The building society’s brand new one-year Loyalty Bond is rewarding customers with a “market leading” interest rate of 4.20 percent AER. This savings product from Coventry Building Society has a fixed rate available until April 30, 2024. Long-term customers will be able to save up to £20,000 and the account can be opened by those who have been with the building society since at least January 1 2022. The one-year Loyalty Bonds is the newest account in the latest addition to Coventry Building Society’s loyalty proposition. This move from the building society has seen its customers receive £102million in extra value in the first six months of 2022 from hiked savings rates. According to Coventry Building Society, these interest rates are higher than the market average for both new and closed accounts. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Matthew Carter, Head of Savings at Coventry Building Society, explained: “We know it’s important to our savers that their loyalty is rewarded. “We’re doing this by introducing exclusive top rate paying accounts for long-standing members and consistently paying higher than the market average with eight increases in savings rates in the last year alone. “We think our new one-year loyalty fixed bond will be a very popular account as it’s hard to beat in terms of value. “We hope our members will appreciate their loyalty being rewarded in this way with a market leading rate of interest and certainty over the amount of return.” High street banks and building societies have increased the interest rates of their savings products following recent action from the Bank of England. The central bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has raised the nation’s base rate 10 consecutive times in the past year. This has been carried out to control the negative impact of inflation on the wider economy and encourage saving. Currently, the Bank of England’s base rate is at four percent and another rate hike could be a possibility as inflation continues to be an issue. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing As of December 2022, the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation is sitting at 10.5 percent. Despite being a slight drop from the month before, the country’s inflation rate remains extremely high in comparison to normal times. Even with the Bank of England’s best efforts, the hiked interest rates are unable to directly compete with inflation. This is a concern for many as experts are warning that inflation is continuing to erode returns on peoples’ savings accounts. Danni Hewson, AJ Bell’s financial analyst, said: “Savers are expected to get another boost, but only if they seek out the best rates instead of leaving their cash languishing in their current account or in old savings accounts that haven’t moved with the times. “This time last year the top easy access account was paying just 0.71 percent. Today it’s three percent, and the top two-year fixed rate account has gone from 1.62 percent to a healthy 4.45 percent. “With markets predicting at least one more rate hike cycle, savers might want to hold fire on locking in their money assuming the full benefit of the hike will be passed on to savers. “But it seems the savings war has lost a lot of its heat and even with careful money management the rates on offer for cash savings are still eclipsed by inflation currently running at 10.5 percent.”