A routine police stop of a speeding car brought down the remnants of a large drug dealing operation. More than 30 bags of cocaine - each worth £60 - a Louis Vuitton bag, and a further £250 in cash were found in Chakib Chelbi's car when officers pulled him over for speeding in Manchester.  Chelbi, 22, was arrested and police were made aware of a link to a flat in Manchester city centre. Officers found Khalid Kelifa, Zakariya Munye and Jeilani Haji-Ali, all 21, in the property along with a large amount of cash, which remains uncounted. Other drug paraphernalia was also discovered, including empty snap bags and mobile phones. Kelifa’s address was also searched, in which officers recovered crack cocaine, cocaine and heroin. In total 66.3 grams of cocaine was seized. Officers also found £98 cash on Kelifa, Manchester Evening News reports. Officers also seized Haji-Ali’s phone and found messages demonstrating that he was dealing cannabis, the prosecutor said. Chelbi, Kelifa, and Munye, have now pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply class A drugs. Kelifa and Munye admitted a further offence of acquiring criminal property, Chelbi admitted forgery and Haji-Ali admitted being concerned in the supply of class B drugs. Chelbi, of Rusholme, Manchester, was sentenced to two years imprisonment suspended for two years, 15 days of rehabilitation activity requirements, 120 hours unpaid work and his licence was endorsed. Kelifa, of Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester, was jailed for 30 months, and Munye, also from Chorlton-cum-Hardy, was jailed for 38 months, both for acquiring criminal property and possession with intent to supply class A drugs. Haji-Ali, from Longsight, Manchester, was handed a two year community order, 25 days of rehabilitation activity requirements and 80 hours unpaid work. Sentencing at Manchester Crown Court, Judge Patrick Field KC said: "These are not victimless crimes. The dealing of controlled drugs in this way creates risks, not only for customers of those drugs, but for the communities where there is criminality on the streets. That is why the courts deal with these offences particularly seriously." Ellen Shaw, prosecuting, said Chelbi was stopped in his black Corsa on June 18 last year. "Upon searching the car, they (two police officers) found some snap bags of white powder in the driver's footwell," the lawyer said. "Some 33 snap bags of white powder were found in the centre console as well as a Louis Vuitton bag and £250 in cash. Also empty snap bags and mobile phones." There was around 0.6 grams of cocaine in each bag. The court also heard that on May 22 2021, officers pulled over a white Polo being driven by Chelbi, due to the manner of his driving. He produced insurance documents, which were checked and later found to be false. He has since pleaded guilty to an offence of forgery. Chelbi and Kelifa were said to have no previous convictions, whereas Munye has two previous convictions for five offences and Haji-Ali has a previous conviction from when he was a youth. Adam White, defending for Kelifa, accepted his client was "foolish" and "immature". Of Munye, Mr White said the "penny had finally started to drop", in that he will continue to receive custodial sentences if he "does not alter". "This is seen as a wake-up call for him," he said. For Chelbi, Neil Ronan said his client has significant health issues and his mental health suffered at the time. "It was a difficult thing for him to act on and he thought this was the best thing to do. It was foolish," Mr Ronan said. He added that he had got into a drug debt at the time and had a ‘stupid desire’ to pay it off. And of Haji-Ali, Rachel White said he was "simply a visitor" at the flat at the time. 