Tiger Woods has apologised for any offence caused from his tampon prank on Justin Thomas during his opening round of the Genesis Invitational. Woods was grouped with close friends Thomas and Rory McIlroy for his return to the PGA Tour this week and the trio were seen sharing a few laughs on Thursday. Woods even caught both his PGA rivals by surprise on occasion with the 47-year-old outdriving them both more than once. After beating Thomas off the tee on the ninth, Woods strolled past Thomas and sneakily handed over a tampon to Thomas, who then chucked it to the ground with the pair laughing off the incident. The clip soon went viral on social media with Woods facing a huge backlash. The American golf icon has now apologised for causing any offence, insisting it was meant as a harmless prank between friends. "Yeah, it was supposed to be all fun and games and obviously it hasn't turned out that way," he said. "If I offended anybody, it was not the case, it was just friends having fun.  "As I said, if I offended anybody in any way, shape or form, I'm sorry. It was not intended to be that way. It was just, we play pranks on one another all the time and virally I think this did not come across that way, but between us it's different." Golf broadcaster Henni Koyack holds a close relationship with Woods and defended the American sporting icon's actions. "There are some incredible and much-needed conversations going on around women's sport and the culture. I consider myself a feminist and will do everything to fight for women's sports. Having said that, my personal opinion on this, when I watch that clip, I saw someone having fun and enjoying a connecting moment with his friend," she said. "I know from Tiger it is something he misses the most is the locker room environment. I am probably biased because he is a good friend of mine. I think it's one of those things, if it's not for you, it's fine. That's his humour and him having fun on the golf course. We can only judge someone on what they do. I believe he is respectful of female athletes and women in sport. I view it as a silly joke."  But Sky Sports' Sarah Stirk didn't agree, insisting Woods should have known better. "My overriding feelings are complete surprise and being honest, really disappointed," the presenter told Sky Sports News. "I'm a female working in sport. I'm passionate and love the game of golf. I think we're all striving for equality and we've all seen massive inroads which everybody is doing when it comes to promoting women's sport, media exposure and increase in participation levels. We want women's sport to be on a playing field with men and I think this incident was extremely disappointing. I think it was crass to be honest. "They're two good friends. JT and Tiger Woods, good buddies, play a lot together. Tiger Woods outdrove Justin Thomas. It was seemingly done in jest. To me it was laddy, blokey behaviour, passing him the tampon effectively saying: 'I've outdriven you', 'you're driving the ball like a women', effectively the inference of the incident that happened and that to me says females, women are inferior to men. "'I've outdriven you', 'you've driven the ball a shorter distance than I have and therefore women are inferior to men'. I think that's not what we want to be showcasing in the world of sport. It was crass, it was disappointing and I think surprise from my side because he's playing in the Genesis on the PGA Tour. It's a tournament that he hosts."