Gino D'Acampo, 46, sparked a debate earlier this month after he told Express.co.uk he and his wife have little contact when he's away from home. I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star Kerry Katona, 42, stressed she disagreed with the TV chef and that she would “go ape****” if she didn’t stay in touch with her fiancé during time away. She said: “Gino D'Acampo has admitted that when he goes away he doesn’t feel the need to call his wife and stay in touch. “I would never allow that. You’re a team and should keep in touch with each other. “I’d go ape****,” Kerry highlighted in her new column for OK! Magazine. The TV personality continued: “I’m away from home a lot for work, but I play to make sure I’m in contact with Ryan. “It’s very important to keep that connection,” Kerry reflected about her relationship with fiancé Ryan Mahoney. During his candid interview with Express.co.uk, Gino revealed how he makes his marriage work while slating his friends for "living forever" in their wives' pockets. The This Morning chef showed off his love for his wife Jessica Morrison last year when they renewed their vows on his ITV show, Gino's Family Adventure. Asked about how his marriage has stayed so healthy and strong over the years, Gino admitted he and his wife have little contact when he's away from home. At the same time, the TV star hit out at his friends who can't be away from their partners. He said: "I could be filming in Italy or somewhere in the world for two weeks and I would perhaps call my wife once, or twice. "There is no need, apart from when I want to hear from her, or if something happened. "What’s the point in bothering your wife to the point I need to pretend to want to make a phone call is insane! I don’t buy into it." DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby divides fans with 'ridiculous' Dancing On Ice dress [LATEST]Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [DEBATE]Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES] This led the TV chef to share an insight into how his relationship with his wife was different from that of his friends. Gino continued: "You know, anytime I go out with some of my friends, we get to the middle of dinner, on a boys' night and one of them gets up to ring their wife. "I’m always the one who complains, and they explain that if they don’t, their wife will be angry at them tonight. "I say, ‘She knows where you were? You saw her yesterday and you’re seeing her tomorrow, right? Then what the f**k are you doing? What are you going to tell them?' "The answer is always the same: ‘If I don’t make the phone call I will get into trouble.' "What kind of relationship is that? Crazy! There is when, sometimes, men and women get it wrong, very wrong. If you don’t want to do something then don’t do it!" Gino has been married to Jessica since 2002, having met when he was just eighteen. The couple have three children together: Luciano, 21, Rocco, 18, and Mia, ten.