A brutal frost has forced the Met Office to issue a yellow cold weather alert for England. The forecaster activated its alert and readiness system, which is more to warn health professionals over the risks of cold weather, on Friday. It is set to expire on Wednesday - but experts may deem the severity of overnight frosts to be worthy of extending the alert in mere hours. This alert is level 2 - which means severe winter weather is forecast.  It says: "This is an extension of the previous alert issued that started Sunday evening. Clear spells during the nights will allow temperatures to fall below freezing, with widespread frosts developing. "Temperatures likely recovering during the days to near average for the time of year, but then quickly falling again into the evenings with some freezing fog likely to form in places alongside frosts redeveloping. "Cloud does push down from the north from the start of the week, making cold conditions less likely for northern areas, but still likely in the south. Low confidence in the details of how far south this cloud will reach does introduce some uncertainty across central areas regarding the northward extent of the cold conditions. "An update will be issued when the alert level changes in any region. Alerts are issued once a day by 9am if required and are not subject to amendment in between standard issue times. Note that the details of the forecast weather are valid at the time of issue but may change over the period that an alert remains in force."   Among the advice issued people are urged to check in on vulnerable neighbours and loved ones, and older people, who are more susceptible to illness in cold weather. "Prolonged periods of cold weather can be dangerous, especially for older people, those with underlying health conditions, and young children," the forecaster said. "If you’re able, ask if your friends, family or neighbours need any support. Stock up foods and medicines so you don’t have to go out too much when it’s cold or icy. When indoors, stay warm, heat homes to at least 18C, and keep up-to-date with the weather forecast." A Met Office forecast for the UK tonight and into tomorrow warns of clear spells and widespread frost across the south, but cloudy conditions across central and northern areas. Rain and strong winds will batter the north west. Then tomorrow, cloud and outbreaks of rain are due to affect Scotland and Northern Ireland, clearing from the far northwest later. Further south, fog slowly clearing to sunny spells with temperatures "near average." READ MORE: Cold weather warning in place - doctor warns of 'serious consequences' According to official documents, the Met Office's cold weather alert system is activated when temperatures of 2C are predicted and or widespread ice and heavy snow is forecast with a more than 50 percent chance. In its advice to GPs and health care professionals it urges them to consider the cold weather and impacts it has on vulnerable patients when making decisions. The nation is also told to factor in the weather conditions when making plans for the remainder of time the alert is active. Despite a cold snap predicted by the Met Office, Jim Dale, senior meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: "By day it will be a bit colder but no lower by night. The cold weather warning issued is over the top in my opinion." According to the Met Office long-range forecast, from February 10 to 19, it does not forecast colder than normal conditions, but more unsettled weather.  It says: "On Friday, cloud and rain are expected in northern areas, accompanied by windy conditions, with a risk of coastal gales and fog overnight. "Southern areas will be mainly dry and brighter with lighter wind, although some drizzle is possible at times in western areas. Into the weekend high pressure in the southeast and low pressure in the northwest will lead to a continuation of this north to south split in conditions across the UK. "For the rest of the period, there will likely be a continuation of predominantly dry and settled weather across most parts of the UK, especially the south. Some rain and strong winds are likely in the northwest at times. Temperatures overall likely to be close to average." 