Criminal proceedings against a 21-year-old man, understood to be Manchester United striker Mason Greenwood, in connection with an investigation opened in January 2022 have today been discontinued by the CPS. Chief Superintendent Michaela Kerr, GMP’s Head of Public Protection, said: "Given the significant media coverage of this case, it is only fair that we share the news that the 21-year-old man, who had been arrested and charged in connection with an investigation opened in January 2022, no longer faces criminal proceedings in relation to this. “The investigation team has remained in regular contact with the legal team, providing any updates of note, and so understand the rationale for the discontinuation of proceedings at this stage, and that this decision has not been taken lightly.” She added: "Despite the media and public’s interest in this case, we have decided not to comment on it in any further detail. “I would, however, like to use this opportunity to reiterate GMP’s commitment to investigating allegations of violence against women and girls and supporting those affected, regardless of their circumstances, throughout what can be a hard and upsetting time for them. "An ever increasing number of officers are receiving specialist training and the force is more consistently utilising tools, available via the criminal justice system, to keep people safe and care for victims. “If you feel you are or might be a victim, please don’t let this case put you off asking for help.” Greenwood was charged in October with one count of attempted rape, one count of controlling and coercive behaviour and one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm. But Greater Manchester Police have not specified the nature of the charges which have been dropped. A decision has been made to discontinue prosecution in accordance with the Code for Crown Prosecutors, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said. A spokesperson said: "We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. "In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. "In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. "We have explained our decision to all parties. "We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met." Greenwood, who has been with the club since he was six, has played 83 times for the Red Devils, scoring 22 goals. He made his England debut on September 5, 2020, coming on as a 78th-minute substitute against Iceland. It remains the Bradford-born footballer's only cap.