Soldiers said they could operate successfully on the battlefield with tiny drones weighing only 250 grams - which cost £500. The British Army is boosting its drone capability but troops are urging military chiefs to go further and provide their colleagues with more tiny devices fitted with cameras and thermal imaging. Drones have played a crucial role in the war between Ukraine and Russia. Ukrainian forces have used them to watch the Kremlin’s killers moving across the battlefield and targeted them with devastating strikes. Russian forces have also used Iranian kamikaze drones to kill civilians and destroy Kyiv’s energy infrastructure. Reconnaissance expert Captain James Heal, 28, told the Daily Express: “In Ukraine, we’ve seen a lot of drones being shot down and they’ve had to resupply [them]. “If you just have one of something and it gets shot down… there is nothing you can do about it. “The British Army is trying to work out the best way to procure these. At the moment, they are supporting commercial off-the-shelf. “We’ve got the largest supply of drones. “The ones I use are slightly specialist, they cost £8,000. But the ones we really want to use at the lower level are around £500, sub 250 gram ones. “It’s providing that extra security again so we’re not having to come into contact with the enemy or risk them seeing us first.” The Daily Express has previously told how British commanders have re-examined their war-fighting blueprint to cope with the growing threat of drones. Troops are trying to ensure they are even harder to spot from the air by working in smaller units and hiding in small buildings on the battlefield. This includes the reconnaissance unit, who provide military chiefs with the latest intelligence on enemy movements. Asked if other reconnaissance units could soon have similar numbers of drones, Captain Heal said: “They are getting there. They are all friends - I’m not sitting there saying ‘look guys, you need these’, I’m trying to write reports so they can sit there and say look, we’ve got to buy these as well. “At the moment, everything is coming off the shelf.”  The emergence of drones as a modern battlefield tool is not just changing the role of watching the enemy. Captain Heal said: “It’s changing our tactics as well. “We’re always looking for cover from air. Before, we were just worried about aircraft and helicopters. “But that would be quite obvious. Now we’re constantly thinking about the aerial threat. “Someone is looking up and looking for drones that are in that area so we can minimise their activities if we can identify a drone or if we identify a drone we think has got a lock on us, we can immediately move.” The 2nd Battalion, The Royal Anglian Regiment, is currently in Oman training alongside Omani forces to hone their skills before they take over NATO’s Very High Readiness Joint Task Force (VTJF) on January 1 2024.