Prince Harry and Meghan Markle could face fresh challenges as King Charles has shown the hard-line stance he will take on non-working royals. This comes as Prince Andrew reportedly faces having to leave Royal Lodge as his £249,000 grant is set to be cut from April, leaving him struggling to afford the upkeep. The Sun reported that His Majesty wishes to reduce his brother's funds as part of a larger review of the Privy Purse, which is the Sovereign's private income and mostly comes from the Duchy of Lancaster. According to the Daily Mail, "in the past few weeks all members of the Royal Family have been told to tighten their belts and to expect less money from the Duchy [of Lancaster] – now owned by Charles – than in the past. "Aware of public opinion, the King is said to be keen to reduce expenditure and ‘slim down’ the monarchy. Although the Duchy funds are private, he has ordered a major review of how it is spent." This could have serious implications for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, as a royal commentator has said Charles could use his tougher approach to "strong-arm" them into no longer using their titles. Daniela Elser wrote in the New Zealand Herald that this could have "serious implications for their money-making ability in the years to come". An act of Parliament would be needed for either Andrew or Harry to lose their titles officially, although a poll conducted by the Mirror found that 95 percent of respondents were in favour of the Sussexes having their titles revoked. Ms Elser writes: "Now, we are facing the possibility that Charles is about to go after his brother’s royal perks and really relegate him to second-string status. READ MORE: Harry's claim he had no access to Queen after Megxit is 'nonsense'  "And if His Majesty is willing to come down hard on him, then that leaves Harry and Meghan without their 'what about Andrew' safety net." She adds that if Harry and Meghan continue to use their titles to profit from criticising the Firm, Charles may be "forced" to make a move. She said: "With Charles reportedly poised to trim Andrew’s sails and crack down on his royal perks, this could represent quite the ill wind for Harry and Meghan right at a point in time when their US careers would seem to be at something of a crossroads." DON'T MISS:Meghan 'making life harder for herself' after Duchess caught 'fibbing' [LATEST]Camilla gives British public chance to attend King's Coronation events [SPOTLIGHT]Kate takes inspiration from late Queen with her ‘daring’ BAFTA dress [ROYAL FASHION] In spite of their rift with the family the Sussexes will be invited to the Coronation of the King and Queen Consort on May 6, as revealed by Express.co.uk. It is not known if Harry and Meghan will accept, as they are said to be concerned about the reaction from the British public. However if they decide to not attend it may be perceived as a snub. Harry has stated in interviews that he wishes to reconcile with his family but wants discussions to be had in private.