Ted Kravitz has given a worrying assessment of Mercedes’ pre-season testing form by suggesting that Aston Martin could beat the Silver Arrows to third place at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Aston Martin enjoyed a surprisingly successful few days in Bahrain, while Mercedes struggled for performance. Lewis Hamilton admitted that Mercedes have a ‘mountain to climb’ ahead of this weekend’s season opener. The Formula One icon and team-mate George Russell struggled for grip and pace in their first public outing in the W14. Mercedes have at least appeared to overcome the bouncing problem that plagued them last year. Hamilton feels that the team will struggle to catch Red Bull and Ferrari next weekend. However, Sky Sports pundit Kravitz believes Mercedes could even be beaten by Aston Martin. Fernando Alonso and reserve driver Felipe Drugovich had a few positive testing sessions. Formula one LIVE: Hamilton lashes out at F1 chiefs, Horner suspicious "I'm going to be slightly reticent and say that Aston Martin are third and Mercedes are fourth at the moment,” Kravitz said when asked for a prediction ahead of the Bahrain GP. Hamilton recorded the second-fastest time on the final day of testing. However, Mercedes otherwise struggled with a couple of issues over the three days. The 38-year-old and colleague Russell had grip and pace issues in the W14 car. Such were the issues, a reportedly ‘unplanned’ meeting was seen taking place between the drivers and key Mercedes staff. "It's been an interesting few days, it's never easy. There's been a lot of discovery,” Hamilton said. "I think the thing I've been most impressed with is, it's my 11th year with the team and everyone's turned up with the same mentality, working hard, no one's been complacent. DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton gets response from Pirelli boss amid safety concernsLewis Hamilton fears F1 bosses putting lives at risk with new FIA ruleF1 testing - What we learned on final day as Mercedes hopes renewed "We realise that we have a mountain to climb and no one's fussed, everyone has just kept their heads down so I'm really proud of that." He added: "We're not quite where we want to be but it's a good platform to start from. It's a much more beautiful world to be in when we're not bouncing but we do have some pace to pick up in a straight line. "We have some things we need to work on, it's still not perfect and we're still not able to match the Red Bulls, or the Ferraris, currently. Who knows where we'll be next week, we'll just try to stay positive."