Chelsea star Mykhaylo Mudryk has been told he will regret signing for the Blues over London rivals Arsenal with the Gunners more likely to qualify for the Champions League. The Ukrainian winger was heavily linked with a move to the Emirates and appeared to be on the verge of joining the club in January before the deal was hijacked by Chelsea in the final stages. The first half of the January transfer window was dominated by speculation regarding Mudryk’s future. Mikel Arteta looked to have made him his top target as he sought to add to his wide options. The player did little to deter rumours himself, dropping regular hints on social media that he would like the move. However, in a shock twist, Mudryk ended up joining Chelsea instead with the Blues gazumping their London rivals late in the bidding process by offering £89million. He has since signed an eight-and-a-half-year deal in what is one of the longest contracts given out in football history. Now, former Chelsea and Arsenal defender William Gallas has suggested the 22-year-old will regret his decision come the end of the season with the Gunners more likely to be invovled in the Champions League next season. The league leaders currently sit 11 points clear of fifth place Tottenham while the Blues currently languish in ninth, 10 points behind fourth place Newcastle United. READ MORE: Jadon Sancho suffered Manchester United 'setback' because of Casemiro “Mykhaylo Mudryk will regret signing for Chelsea,” he told Genting Casino. “He had the opportunity to play for Arsenal. The way Arsenal play, he would have fit into that squad and at the end of the season, he may regret it. What if Chelsea do not qualify for the Champions League? “Arsenal may be the champions in the end. At the end of the season, maybe he will regret it. It could have been an opportunity for him to play well and in the Champions League next season. However, Arsenal will have to move on, and now they will have the chance to bring in new players so that they can play with the players they want.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Mudryk is yet to truly acclimatise to the Premier League but did show promising signs during his debut against Liverpool. However, he struggled with illness against Fulham before being hooked at half-time and will be looking to improve in the coming weeks and months. It remains to be seen whether or not Mudryk will go on to regret his decision as Gallas has suggested with his progress at Chelsea one to monitor.