Tory MPs believe that Suella Braverman may be ready to walk out of Rishi Sunak's government as early as this weekend in "exasperation" over his Northern Ireland Brexit talks with the EU. The belief has been fuelled after she gave an interview to GB News with a veiled threat to the Prime Minister over a compromise. Ms Braverman was interviewed by GB News' Liam Halligan tonight on her views on the migration crisis and the Northern Ireland protocol talks with the EU. As a Brexit Spartan she was part of the small group of Tory MPs to hold out against Theresa May's compromise deal with the EU. This followed her quitting as a Brexit minister in May's government. The experience was brought up in the interview which she gave in the middle of a crisis for the Prime Minister as he is threatened with a rebellion by more than 100 Tory MPs over his attempts to compromise with the EU. She said: "I don't think we need to be talking about resignation at the moment." But she went on to point out "I have resigned before" in what was seen as a coded message. A well placed Conservative MP told Express.co.uk: "I understand she and another senior minister could resign at the weekend. Things are becoming fraught." Ms Braverman said that she believes the Prime Minister is "committed to resolving this issue" and she insisted that he understands that he must "secure Northern Ireland's place in the UK". She said: "My clear preference is a workable pragmatic agreement. I know the Prime Minister is working flat out to reach such agreement without compromising on Northern Ireland's sovereignty." Many Tory MPs believe Mr Sunak has dropped ideas of a quick deal because of the opposition within the party to a deal which would not guarantee Northern Ireland's sovereignty. READ MORE: Brexit Cabinet rift as Braverman backs Boris over EU negotiations Ms Braverman has also welcomed Boris Johnson's intervention that the Northern Ireland protocol bill needs to be pushed through instead. She said it was "not her understanding" that the Bill has been shelved by the Prime Minister. The Home Secretary also addressed the migrant crisis. She said that "nothing is off the table" in terms of ending the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg's authority over the UK. She added: "Everyone knows my personal views on this." The Home Secretary accused the court of "extending its reach" and being "politicised" interfering in UK legislation including blocking the deportations to Rwanda of illegal migrants as well as tackling climate change protesters. Meanwhile, asked on protesters outside hotels being used for migrants, she said: "I understand people's frustrations."