Manchester United defeated Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday with a 2-0 win at Wembley. The Red Devils ended a six-year wait for a trophy as Erik ten Hag claimed silverware at the first opportunity. Casemiro headed in an opener before a Sven Botman deflection helped Marcus Rashford double the lead before half-time. And Newcastle were unable to respond in the second half as United claimed glory. Express Sport rates United’s players after their long-awaited cup success. David de Gea - 8 Important early block from Allan Saint-Maximin as he broke Peter Schmeichel’s club record of 180 clean sheets. Diogo Dalot - 6 Replaced at half-time by Aaron Wan-Bissaka after being booked early for a cynical foul on Allan Saint-Maximin. Raphael Varane - 8 Rolls-Royce display from the classy French defender helped to shut out Newcastle's strikeforce. Lisandro Martinez - 7 Tenacious and spiky as ever at the heart of the Manchester United defence. Booked at the death. Luke Shaw - 8 Superb free-kick delivery put his side on the way in a composed and confident all-round display. Fred - 7 Booked for clumsy late tackle but buzzed around usefully in midfield before being replaced with 20 minutes remaining. Casemiro - 9 Broke the deadlock and swept up well in front of the Manchester United defence. Bruno Fernandes - 8 Nothing too flashy but an industrious afternoon nonetheless from the Manchester United captain. Antony - 8 Cocky but came out on top in his little and large battle with Dan Burn on the right flank with his dancer’s footwork. Marcus Rashford - 8 A predictable handful for Newcastle with his pace after passing fitness test to play after knock against Real Madrid in midweek. Wout Weghorst - 8 One of his best performances since arriving at Old Trafford. The effort has never been in question but there some nice touches too. Aaron Wan-Bissaka (Dalot 46) - 8 Marcel Sabitzer (Fred 69) - 6 Scott McTominay (Weghorst 70) - 6 Jadon Sancho (Antony 83) - N/A Harry Maguire (Rashford 88) - N/A