Christian Atsu is still yet to be found in Turkey after two large earthquakes struck the country within hours of each other, leaving scores of people trapped under collapsed buildings. Search and rescue teams are currently on the lookout for survivors after a 7.8 magnitude quake caused devastation to parts of Turkey and Syria in the early hours of Monday morning, leaving thousands dead and even more injured. A second 7.5-magnitude tremor went on to hit the same area just a few hours later, with both disasters leaving around 3,000 people dead and many others stuck in rubble under fallen structures. Atsu is among those trapped and is yet to be freed by rescuers despite reports in Portugal claiming that he had been pulled to safety on Monday evening, according to Turkish reporter Yagiz Sabuncuoglu. It is said that Atsu has been located by a support team but remains stuck in the rubble as things stand and has been unable to move for around four hours. Efforts are being made to free the 31-year-old, who scored a 97th-minute winner for Hatayspor against Kasimpasa on Sunday evening shortly before the first earthquake struck Turkey. Reports had previously suggested that Atsu was safely pulled from the wreckage but it now seems clear that he is yet to be recovered, with the winger's team-mate Kerim Alici having insisted on Instagram that rescuers were still attempting to reach him as darkness fell over Turkey on Monday night. He wrote: "Christian Atsu is still under the rubble. We need help immediately." JUST IN: Arsenal member set to chair commission into Man City finances Hatayspor spokesperson Mustafa Ozat also confirmed that Atsu had not been freed and was still under a building that had been destroyed by the quakes, adding: "Unfortunately, Christian Atsu and our sporting director Taner Savut are still under the rubble." Messages of support for Atsu have been flooding in since his situation became clear in the wake of the two earthquakes, with former clubs Newcastle and Chelsea among those to have expressed their well-wishes over the last few hours. The Magpies kept it simple with a brief post on Twitter, which read: "Praying for some positive news," followed by two heart emojis. Chelsea, meanwhile, added: "The thoughts of everyone at Chelsea Football Club are with those affected by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria. We're praying for you, Christian Atsu." The Ghana Football Association (GFA) also tweeted to confirm that they are trying to establish contact with Hatayspor and officials in Turkey in the hope that Atsu will eventually be found. They have been reaching out to all Ghanaian footballers in Turkey and Syria to check on their safety as they await further news on Atsu's wellbeing, which is yet to be officially confirmed. "We pray for Ghana International Christian Atsu and victims of the earthquake in Turkey and Syria," said the GFA. "We continue with our efforts to establish contact with officials of Hatayspor and the Turkish Football Federation, considering the difficult situation. Our thoughts and prayers are with Christian Atsu and our brothers and sisters in Turkey and Syria. We remain hopeful for positive news." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.