This week’s episode of Law and Order: Organized Crime was yet another gripping case for Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni) and his team as they hatched a plan to take down crime boss Eamon Murphy (Timothy V. Murphy). Unfortunately, Stabler was an officer down by the time the credits rolled on the NBC drama thanks to a foolish mistake by Jet Slootmaekers (Ainsley Seiger). Fans were exasperated with Jet after a moment of panic led to her being kidnapped. There is now growing concern she could be joining Gina Cappelletti (Charlotte Sullivan) in being killed off once Organized Crime returns from its hiatus. In the latest episode, Punch Drunk, the lines between Jet’s real life and undercover persona start to blur when she delves further into Murphy’s crime ring. The detective gets in over her head when she meets up with kingpin’s number two, Seamus O’Meara (Michael Malarkey). READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future Things go awry during fight night at the fake bar, and O’Meara and Jet’s getaway ends in disaster when her wig falls off. Rather than trying to play it cool, Jet immediately admits her cover is blown and tries to pull a gun on O’Meara before she’s knocked to the ground and thrown into the back of his car. In the next-time promo, the stakes were raised even higher when O’Meara takes Jet to deserted woods and holds her at gunpoint over a freshly dug grave. Now the detective has been kidnapped, viewers were left on the edge of their seats wondering if Murphy will use her as leverage against Stabler, or simply kill her off altogether. After the episode aired, worried Twitter user @theHarried exclaimed: “Wait!!! Are they going to kill off Jet!!!” @Stubborn_Diva wrote: “Jet better be unharmed in the next episode. She better be okay.” Sean Cunningham pleaded: “Please don’t let them kill off Jet.” @Christinelb563 congratulated Seiger on her performance, writing: “You were awesome on #OrganizedCrime last night!” DON'T MISS:Outlander author slams claim series is ‘distorted view’ of history [COMMENT]Blue Bloods’ Erin and Anthony ‘lose touch’ after DA success [VIDEO]My 600lb Life’s Milla looks totally different after weight loss [INSIGHT] “I kind of wish Jet had just made an excuse about the wig instead of blowing her cover as a cop. “The guy’s falling for her so he would’ve bought it. That cliffhanger is going to torture me for a week.” Over on Reddit, viewers were equally annoyed Jet decided to blow her cover straight away rather than laughing off her mishap with the wig. u/gprimr1 fumed: “That was a painful ending which is going to lead to a painful episode in two weeks where we know Jet will survive and we have to waste a week recovering her.” And u/adaada21 said: “This was such a good episode. I loved that it was Jet-centred, but damn girl you folded way too fast after the wig fiasco. “You couldn’t come up with something better? The way she was going I thought she was gonna rattle off her socials and birthdate.” Even if Jet does survive the ordeal, fans are still concerned she might be starting to fall for Murphy’s right-hand man. Sadly, the third season of Organized Crime has just taken a two-week break, so fans will have to wait and see how and if Jet manages to make it out alive. Law and Order: Organized Crime season 3 continues Thursday, February 16th on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.