Nikki Haley is running for president in 2024, making her the first contender to announce her challenge to Donald Trump. The former South Carolina governor posted a video today, detailing her decision to run with a rousing speech. In it, she said: "I'm Nikki Haley and I'm running for president. "It’s time for a new generation of leadership – to rediscover fiscal responsibility, secure our border, and strengthen our country, our pride and our purpose. "China and Russia are on the march. They all think we can be bullied, kicked. You should know this about me: I don’t put up with bullies. And when you kick back, it hurts them more if you’re wearing heels." Nikki is married to William Michael Haley. He is a commissioned officer in the South Carolina Army. Mr. Haley specialises in Security Cooperation. He served a year-long tour of duty in Afghanistan in 2012, as captain of the South Carolina Army National Guard. He and his unit were posted in the Helmand Province, and they helped local farmers to develop farming techniques. He also oversaw the development of cash crops to replace the opium poppies that were grown in the region before the way. Mr. Haley is the first spouse of a governor to serve on active duty in a war zone, and he was appropriately nicknamed FGOSC by the marines serving with him, which stood for First Gentleman of South Carolina. He is listed as the president of Stand for America. This is the policy and media organization started by his wife Nikki Haley. Mr. Haley is originally from Ohio. He is an adoptee. After being fostered at the age of three, he was adopted at age four by Bill and Carole Haley. He met Nikki while they were both undergraduates at Clemson University, where Mr. Haley graduated with a degree in business administration. He worked at his mother-in-law's clothing store, before working for eight years as a technician in human resources for the South Carolina Army National Guard. He and Nikki married in 1996 and have two children Rena Haley, 25, and Nalin Haley, 21.