Sophie Winkleman, actor and wife of Lord Frederick Windsor, has landed another big role in the upcoming second series of Julian Fellowes's period drama Belgravia. This comes after Prince Harry claimed that his wife Meghan Markle had been stereotyped for being an American actress when he first introduced her to his family. The Duchess of Sussex gained prominence after her role as Rachel Zane in the legal drama Suits, which she was starring in when she first met Harry. The Daily Mail's Richard Eden reported that Sophie would play a "pivotal" role in Julian Fellowes's new series, the man behind Downton Abbey. Mr Fellowes said of the casting: "I think we're very lucky. I have worked with Sophie before, on my version of the Titanic story, and I am a fan, but these choices are made by a group, led by our director, John Alexander." As well as her role in Peep Show, Sophie has also appeared in Death in Paradise, CSI Miami, Agatha Christie's Poirot and Waking the Dead. Other famous faces starring in the first series of Belgravia include Philip Glenister, Tamsin Greig and Alice Eve.   READ MORE: Camilla subject to torrent of abuse after testing positive for Covid  "Some of them didn't quite know what to do with themselves. So I think they were - they were surprised. Maybe surprised that the ginger could land such a beautiful woman. And such an intelligent woman. "But the fact that I was dating an American actress was probably what clouded their judgment more than anything else at the beginning. 'Oh, she's an American actress, this won't last.'" Meghan added: "The actress thing was the biggest problem, funny enough. There is a big idea of what that looks like from the UK standpoint. Hollywood and - it was just very easy for them to typecast that." DON'T MISS:Royal Valentine's and how the Firm spends the year's most romantic day [LATEST]William left 'gobsmacked' after Harry 'dragged Kate into harmful row' [SPOTLIGHT]Prince William has kids in hysterics with verdict on mum's cooking [REVEAL] Lord and Lady Frederick Windsor married at Hampton Court in September 2009 before moving to Los Angeles, where they lived for seven years before returning to London. They have two daughters, nine-year-old Maud and Isabella, seven. Sophie has always been full of praise for the royals and how they have treated her, writing in the Spectator last year: "I cherish my growing closeness to the senior members of the Royal Family who are so hardworking, uncomplaining and brave in the face of relentless and brutal media attention, criticism, lies, undermining and fictional TV programmes – and always so good to me that I'm honoured to know them."