Claudia Winkleman, 51, took to Twitter earlier today to react to a fan’s mix-up as they mistook her for Davina McCall, 55. The latter brought the blunder to Claudia’s attention as she responded to a post from a Twitter user praising a performance on The Piano. Viewer Lisa_Hiley said: “What an incredible performance from Lucy on The Piano tonight. “Brought me to tears, just stunning. @ThisisDavina.” Retweeting the post, Davina added: “Do u like my new show,”(sic) alongside two laughing emojis and a red love heart. In response, Claudia laughed it off, saying: “This is brilliant,” along with three red hearts. Praising Claudia’s latest TV appearance, Davina said: “Bravo by the way x it’s absolutely lovely.” It comes after Claudia revealed her long trademark fringe has been the subject of furious complaints. The Strictly Come Dancing presenter has been sporting an extra-long fringe for years. But the bold hairstyle sparked a series of letters to the BBC questioning if she has squirrels hiding underneath it, and how she manages to see. Claudia joked that it has saved her a fortune in Botox and says everyone should follow suit and "grow an enormous curtain" on their foreheads too. "I genuinely get letters of complaint... [people asking] 'What is she hiding?'" Claudia chortled, as she referenced the viewers who often scold her for what they see as a fashion faux pas. "I also had a, ‘Have you got squirrels under there?’ which was a particularly good letter," she added. The star is totally unrepentant, joking to The Sun: "I don’t need Botox now. Have you seen how long my fringe is? DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE] “It is now almost upper-lip length, I cannot recommend it enough. “When you hit 51, just grow an enormous curtain in front of your face. Go full yeti. It works." Claudia has admitted to briefly experimenting with Botox back in 2016, but decided the injections were not for her. Discussing her decision to abandon them with the Daily Star, she confided: "I looked both scared and surprised at the same time. I don’t like to be either! "After a little chat with myself, I simply decided I would grow my fringe longer. “I prefer to stick to my old-lady goth/Steve Tyler look." Claudia's extra-long fringe received complaint letters from 60 disgruntled viewers.