Liverpool transfer target Jude Bellingham has already reportedly rejected approaches from Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain ahead of the summer transfer window. The England ace has become one of the most sought-after players in European football and is expected to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the campaign. Bellingham first hit the headlines at the start of the 2019/20 season when he broke into the Birmingham first-team as a 16-year-old. He moved to Dortmund in the summer of 2020 and has gone on to rack up 20 goals and 23 assists in 115 games for the German club. The 19-year-old starred for England during last year’s World Cup Qatar and helped Dortmund progress to the knockout stages of the Champions League before Christmas. And his club would receive prodigious sums of cash if they sell him in the summer, two years before his contract is due to expire. According to Sport1, however, Dortmund want to make Bellingham their highest earner by tying him down to a new deal and handing him a whopping salary of £13.3million a year. Bellingham is said to be uncertain about his future and doesn’t want to join either Chelsea or PSG. READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    Liverpool have been tipped as the midfielder’s most likely destination, but Bellingham is hesitant about moving to Anfield given the club’s current woes. The Reds won the FA Cup and the Carabao Cup last season and narrowly missed out on winning the Premier League and Champions League. But this time around they are languishing in 10th place in the top-flight table after winning just eight of their 20 matches. And they look set to miss out on a place in next season’s Champions League. Bellingham has reportedly piqued the interest of virtually every top club in Europe, with the likes of Barcelona, Real Madrid, Manchester City and Manchester United all said to be interested in acquiring his services. And the teenager will have the pick of his clubs later this year. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning    Last month, Dortmund sporting director Sebastian Kehl touched upon Bellingham’s future as he explained: “Jude has made an incredible development here. With the way he plays football, his fighting spirit and his commitment, he has become a real Borussia player who identifies very much with BVB. “I can’t say today if and when that will be the case with Jude, and from a purely sporting point of view I would be stupid to want to give up Jude Bellingham. We’ll talk to him and his parents in due course. There is currently no pressure. Jude wants to concentrate fully on football. And by the way, there are no offers at all.” 