A Tottenham fan has pleaded guilty after attacking Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on January 15. Joseph Watts, 35, appeared at Uxbridge Magistrates’ Court after becoming involved in the altercation. The assault took place after the final whistle of the North London derby last month, which ended in a 2-0 win for Arsenal. He had been watching the match in the stand behind Ramsdale's goal in the second half. After climbing the advertising hoardings surrounding the pitch, Watts kicked Ramsdale in the back as he bent down to pick up his water bottle. Stewards pushed Watts away before he then fled back up into the stands covering his face. Footage later showed Watts remove his jacket to avoid detection on his way out of the stadium. He was arrested and charged a few days later on Tuesday, January 17, after Tottenham assisted the Metropolitan Police with their enquiries.  Tottenham released a statement at the time of the incident, which read: "We are appalled by the behaviour of a supporter that attempted to attack Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale at the end of today’s match. Violence in any form has no place in football. "The Club has reviewed its CCTV footage to identify the supporter and will be working with the Met Police, Arsenal and Aaron Ramsdale to take the strongest possible action, including an immediate ban from Tottenham Hotspur Stadium." That was followed by a statement from the Football Association, which said: "We strongly condemn the incident involving a spectator that followed today's Premier League fixture between Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal. "This is wholly unacceptable behaviour and we will work together with the police, the relevant authorities and the clubs to ensure the appropriate action is taken." READ MORE: Crystal Palace academy star quit for porn but claims new job isn't fun Speaking to Sky Sports after the game, Ramsdale said: "Spurs fans were giving me some crack second half, and I gave them some back. The few people I did give it to it was probably well greeted, in a sportsmanship way. "But then a fan jumped over and gave me a little punch in the back. That's what happened, and it's a shame because it is just a game of football at the end of the day. Everyone, both sets of players, tried to bring me away. Thankfully nothing actually happened too drastically, but it's a sour taste."