  David Seaman, 59, has broken his silence on his potential involvement in ITV reality show I’m A Celebrity… Get Met Out Of Here! following his recent stint on The Masked Dancer with wife Frankie Poultney, 49. The former England footballer opened up about his future in the jungle in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk on the red carpet of Cirque Du Soleil’s newest European Premiere at the Royal Albert Hall.      In October 2022, David and Frankie revealed themselves to be the faces behind the costumes of Pillar and Post on The Masked Dancer Jonathan Ross, Oti Mabuse, Davina McCall and Peter Crouch all submitted their final guesses, before the competition’s first ever double act was unmasked. The pair then explained they were forced to leave the ITV show after Frankie sustained an injury to her ankle. Frankie is a professional ice dancer and the pair met through the star-studded series Dancing On Ice. READ MORE: Sister of Beatles' legend George Harrison dies in Florida     Asked by Express.co.uk if he would be interested in entering any more reality shows after his most recent stint on The Masked Dancer, David said he had one particular show in mind. “I’d do the jungle now that it’s back in Australia,” he revealed with a laugh. “I didn’t want to go to Wales,” the star went on to admit, referring to the two seasons celebrities spent in Gwrych Castle in Wales due to lockdown restrictions. Quizzed on how he would handle all the creepy crawlies in the Australian jungle, David confirmed he could handle a few bugs.      “I’m alright with them,” he said. “I go fishing a lot and it often involves camping overnight. “But actually getting to eat them? That would be a bit different,” he added with another laugh. Bak when David and Frankie left The Masked Dancer, he was asked if he would have wanted to carry on the competition on his own. At the time, he told The Sun: "Absolutely not, the only reason that I said yes to doing the show, was that we were together. READ MORE... A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman hit with 'sad news' [INSIGHT] Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [UPDATE] Eamonn Holmes admits Charles 'doesn't trust me' over kiss with Camilla [NEWS]      "I've skated with Frankie and danced with Frankie - I wouldn't get any enjoyment at all. "I would have been so nervous doing it on my own. That's why I don't want to do Strictly, I've been asked but I've said no. I've watched my mate Tony Adams on there and it's so nerve-wracking." While Frankie admitted she would have been keen to keep dancing if David had been the one to suffer an injury. "Well, I would have done it on my own if it was the other way round,” the skater confessed.     David was an England goalkeeper, who was best known in his time playing for Arsenal. He won 75 caps for England, and is the country's second-most capped goalkeeper, after Peter Shilton. Cirque Du Soleil made its return to London with KURIOS yesterday, inviting a number of high profile celebs to its European Premiere at the Royal Albert Hall.   