An expert has warned that a TikTok trend could be one of the reasons there has been a spike in the number of fatal dog attacks in recent years. Last month, Natasha Johnston was mauled to death while walking a number of dogs in Caterham, while four-year-old Alice Stones was killed in the back garden of her family home in Milton Keynes on Tuesday. Between 2001 and 2021, the average number of dog-related deaths in the UK sat at 3.3. But in 2022, the number shot up with 10 people killed by dogs. And some experts believe this could be linked to a change in the way humans interact with dogs now. According to reports, the number of adults needing hospital treatment for dog bites has tripled in the last two decades. And while the number of dogs in the UK has increased, this is not enough to account for this huge jump in numbers. Dr John Tulloch, a vet and epidemiologist at the University of Liverpool who researches dog-related injuries and deaths, said dog bite rates also vary widely by location. Merseyside has the highest number of dog-bite-related incidents, along with Wakefield, Middlesbrough and the north east generally, with London having the lowest. Dr Tulloch told Sky News: "On the whole, the shared common feature is that they are areas with high levels of social deprivation." And with an increase in the number of young people using social media sites like TikTok, misinformation could be to blame for the way we interact with our pets. Rosie Bescoby, a clinical animal behaviourist, said unqualified dog trainers offering advice on TikTok could be fuelling aggression "because they give a kind of DIY approach to potentially quite dangerous problems". READ MORE: Dog tore chunk out of woman’s arm in savage attack after car accident  There have been videos recommending choke chains as a training method, something which is used when owners mistake anxiety or stress-related behaviours for defensiveness. Instead, she said the tactic creates a “ticking time bomb” where the animal can only suppress its reaction for so long before “we get the explosion”. Dr Tulloch said social media has altered our relationships with our pets and he often comes across videos where the animals are looking stressed. She said: “There was a recent trend, for example, of people staring into their dog's eyes for as long as they possibly could. DON'T MISS:King Charles 'deeply concerned' by flooding in New Zealand [COMMENT]Moment driver is saved from burning car by 'hero' barber [INSIGHT]GB News host 'in trouble' after cheeky Ruth Langsford comment [VIDEO] “And in all of those videos, the dogs were looking really, really uncomfortable. And it would not have surprised me if any of those videos had ended in someone being bitten.” Dr Tulloch also warned of putting babies in dogs beds as parents could risk upsetting the pet and putting their child at risk if the animal feels threatened. When a dog bites, it’s the “last resort”, Dr Tulloch said. It’s likely the dog will have shown warning signs it’s anxious or uncomfortable. She added: “It could be smacking its lips or showing the whites of its eyes, or sort of further down the line would be showing its teeth.” 