Paying way too much for your broadband? Virgin Media may have the answer with the firm offering a huge discount on its speedy access to the internet. Anyone signing up this weekend will be able to get a whopping £522 off their bills and that even includes Virgin's M350 plan which can whizz files and films to devices at over 350Mbps. At that rapid rate, it would take under 2 minutes to download a full HD Hollywood blockbuster that's over four times faster than the UK average. This M350 service usually costs £56 per month but, for a very limited time, that price has been slashed to just £27. Virgin has even scrapped the usual set-up fee meaning it's totally free to join. There's also Virgin Media's WiFi Hub and Intelligent WiFi Technology which makes sure speeds also stay up to scratch. Over the 24-month deal you'll pay £640 (costs may increase with standard yearly price rises) Want to know more? Full details below Virgin Media M350PRICE: NOW £27 - WAS £56INCLUDES: 362Mbps speeds, Intelligent Wi-Fi and Virgin HubSET-UP: FreeCONTRACT: 24 monthsSEE THE DEAL HERE Along with that offer, there's another broadband plan that's worth considering. Virgin also has those same speeds but the first 6 months of the contract is half the usual price. That means at the start of the 18-month contract you'll pay just £15 with things then rising to £30 for the rest of the term. Again, there's no set-up fee to pay and there's the same router and Wi-Fi guarantee. Over the 18-month period you'll pay £450. That is cheaper than the deal above but it is over a shorter amount of time. Want to know more? Full details below Virgin Media M350 50% OFFPRICE: NOW £15 for first 6 monthsINCLUDES: 362Mbps speeds, Intelligent Wi-Fi and Virgin HubSET-UP: FreeCONTRACT: 18 monthsSEE THE DEAL HERE These offers are for new customers but if you are an existing Virgin Media user then it's worth trying to get a new deal. That's because the company has confirmed that it is putting up prices from the spring. Most customers will see their bills going up on average by 13.8 percent which sounds high but it's not as bad as BT's 14.4 percent increase. Virgin says it will be emailing customers in the coming weeks about how much more they will pay but clearly, the lower you bill is before April the smaller the hike that you'll face. Speaking about the news a Virgin Media spokesperson said: “We know that price rises are never welcome, particularly right now, but like many other businesses we are experiencing significantly increased costs while investing to keep pace with growing demand, as broadband usage rose more than 10% last year and speeds increased by 40%. We’re committed to supporting customers in this tough climate and are freezing prices for vulnerable customers including those taking our social broadband tariffs."