A man who smashed his way into a woman's home before raping and assaulting her, months after he had been jailed for a separate attack on the same victim months earlier, has been jailed for a total of 13 years. Koshin Ali, 40, was sentenced at Harrow Crown Court yesterday (23 February) after he was found guilty on 16 February 16 of rape, ABH, witness intimidation and two counts of breaching a restraining order. Ali, of no fixed address, received a 12-year sentence for the rape, ABH, and restraining order offences; and an additional 12 months for the witness intimidation to run consecutive. The court heard how Ali became obsessed with the victim when they lived in the same multi-occupancy accommodation in Willesden. They began a friendship but Ali became violent after the victim did not want a full relationship, cutting the victim’s throat with a key in June 2021. He was give 20-week prison sentence for assault and was subject to a restraining order prohibiting him from contacting her.But on March 12, 2022 – just a few months after his release from prison – Ali broke into the victim’s house in Harlseden after learning that she was in a relationship with someone else. Smashing a back door window and letting himself in, Ali went upstairs to the victim’s bedroom where he subjected her to a terrifying assault – punching and biting her and pushing his fingers into her eyes. He then raped her at knife point and told her he was going to kill her. She was able to fight him off and Ali fled the scene when she began screaming. Police were called and when officers arrived they found a plank of wood at a 45-degree angle against the garden fence, which Ali must have used to make good his escape. Blood found on a broken mirror inside the victim’s bedroom was a DNA match with Ali and officers launched a manhunt. After his image was circulated internally he was arrested the next day in the street by an eagle-eyed local officer who recognised him from the picture. In interview, Ali gave a prepared statement denying the assault and any sexual activity. This was followed by a no-comment interview. He was then charged and remanded in custody before trial. While incarcerated and awaiting trial, Ali tried to contact the victim via a prison phone, but was unsuccessful because of a restraining order which prohibited contact. Determined to speak to her, he then managed to get hold of a mobile phone which had been smuggled into the prison and was able to call her, telling her not to go through with the trial because it would mess up his life. He was then charged with witness intimidation and breaching the order. Detective Constable Ian Smith, North West Public Protection Investigations said: “The repeated trauma Ali subjected his victim to is difficult to comprehend and I have nothing but admiration for the courage and strength she has shown in ensuring he is brought to justice for his crimes. "Ali’s actions were downright terrifying and I am pleased that an individual capable of such violence and mistreatment of women is now back behind bars where he belongs. “Our determination to investigate such offences remains resolute. We will continue to work tirelessly to ensure women and girls can live their lives without fear.”