If you’re looking for a flexible job where no two days are the same and you make a real difference to people’s lives, adult social care could be for you. Whether you’re fresh out of school or thinking of changing careers, there are lots of opportunities out there. You might be offering day-to-day support to someone in a care home or helping a young person with a disability live life to the full. And if you think you don’t have any relevant qualifications or experience in the area, that’s not a barrier, as you can learn on the job with training. Think about your talents and skills – with a wide variety of jobs available right now you might have just the qualities your new employer needs. Search for a job today at adultsocialcare.co.uk Felicia was a nurse in Brazil, but after moving to Warrington, Cheshire, the 36-year-old mum decided she wanted a career change and work caring for older adults. Three years ago Felicia got a job at a women’s residential home, and since then her career has flourished. Working 25 hours a week also means she can fit her job round family life. “We do crafts, quizzes and exercise – and everyone can take part, even if they don’t have full mobility,” says Felicia. “Last month I organised a movie afternoon. We decorated the room and I made bags of sweets and popcorn. I try to bring a taste of outside life into the home and make the residents’ days brighter.” There’s a lot more to the job though – Felicia also administers medication and reviews care plans with her manager. And every day is different. “If you’re the kind of person who just wants to come to work and do the same thing day after day, being a care worker is not for you,” she says. “Of course we have a routine, but you can find yourself in situations you’re not expecting.” Felicia has now been promoted to senior care worker and is studying for a leadership qualification. “Working in care is not for everyone,” she says. “You have to have a passion for it. But it’s so rewarding. When you enable someone to become more independent or happier, you feel so valuable.” One resident who has really benefited from Felicia’s work is 91-year-old Cora, who moved into the home six months ago. “Felicia is very helpful in every respect,” says Cora. “I can’t see very well and she takes time to read and explain things to me – we even sew together. We love a chat and a laugh – we share the same sense of humour! She even took me to church on her day off and it was a wonderful experience. It was a while since I’d been out and I was nervous, but Felicia made sure it was fine.” Danielle’s career has seen her work her way up to manager of a care home, but after deciding she wanted to widen her experience and work with younger people, she became a care worker for Patrick, 28. “In supported living you’re actually in a person’s home. Obviously people have different needs, but with Patrick it’s all about his life and his routine, from chores to hobbies and connecting with friends and family,” says Danielle, 35. “I opt to do various shifts to fit around my life, and if I’m doing a 14-hour one it starts with helping Patrick get ready for the day. He can wash himself but I’ll help him shave, support him in choosing clothes and getting dressed as well as having breakfast, and hopefully making healthy diet choices.” After moving to Upward Care – a West Midlands-based supported living provider – Danielle was mentored by other staff members. “Patrick lives with two other men who also have their own carers, so it can get really lively and sociable here, which is great fun,” she says. “Patrick leads a very full life and loves a laugh, and I find it so rewarding to play such a big part in supporting him, ensuring he has an enjoyable life. “We go shopping together and do other chores, such as cooking. He’ll help stir pasta sauce or tip pasta into the pan, but I keep an eye out to make sure he’s not in danger from the hot cooker or oven. He can clear up, though he’s not too keen on that!” Patrick agrees that Danielle makes a difference. “I really enjoy my life and I feel very comfortable living here, which I can do because Danielle helps me. Everyone gets on well and we have a laugh,” he says. And Danielle derives great satisfaction from what she does. “My job is so rewarding.” she says. “I go home with a smile on my face knowing I’ve given 100 per cent. That makes me feel I’m getting it right: this is Patrick’s home, where he should feel safe, knowing that I’ll support him to enjoy his life and not having to worry about anything. “Patrick needs emotional support but he’s made so much progress in the 10 years he’s been here. We try to get him involved in everything; to feel as independent and confident as possible, and that’s only possible through the right support. “It’s a very flexible job and would fit in with most people’s lives and families. It’s important to remember that a huge variety of people need different types of care.” With no relevant qualifications – he’d worked in customer service before running his own business – when Darren considered taking up a career in care, he wasn’t sure he’d be accepted. But a chat with care provider Livability South East reassured him, and now he works supporting adults living with learning and physical disabilities to live independent lives. “They told me I’d be able to learn on the job,” says Darren, 45, who’s moved up from support worker to team leader. “At the centre that I joined, a lot of people had been there for a long time because they enjoyed it, which was a good sign. “I was able to start straightaway. I began work shadowing and I did a training course on the care system. Management were really supportive. It was fast-paced but I never felt overwhelmed. I was soon learning on the job; every day was exciting with lots of problem solving. It’s a fun environment too – it seemed like there was a party every week.” One of the people who Darren supports is Debbie – he describes her as “very independent and a really lively character”. Debbie, who has Down’s syndrome, works two days a week, as well as being a first aider with St John Ambulance. “Dazz is lovely. We always stop and chat,” says Debbie. “The staff are all very kind – they’re like my family. They help us do what we want and treat us as people.” “I’ve seen Debbie become a lot more confident and outgoing from when I joined,” says Darren. “She has more friendships outside the home, including from work. Other care recipients I’ve worked with here have gone on to do college courses and part-time jobs, which is great. “For me that’s the really rewarding side of care. I’m very proud of what I do. What’s caught me and kept me is that I can see people getting places, doing what they want and achieving things for themselves.”