Three British nationals are among those missing in Turkey following severe earthquakes this week. Foreign Secretary James Cleverly confirmed that his department is aware of three Britons who disappeared after tremors struck south-eastern Turkey, near the Syrian border. Making a statement in the House of Commons, he said: "As of this morning, we know that three British nationals are missing and the Foreign Office's Crisis Response Hub is working to support the at least 35 British nationals who have been directly affected by these earthquakes." "We assess that the likelihood of large-scale British casualties remains low." The cabinet minister also updated MPs on the UK's response to the earthquake, which struck Syria and Turkey on Monday, February 6 and again today. He said that more than 6,000 buildings are believed to have collapsed, with gas and electricity infrastructure severely damaged by tremors. Mr Cleverly added that Syrian refugees taken in by Turkey reside in some of the worst-hit areas. READ MORE: Tremors from Turkey quakes felt from Greenland and USA Turkey's leaders have requested assistance on a "scale that matches the enormity of the situation", he said. Fuat Oktay, the country's vice president, confirmed that rescuers recovered another 130 bodies in the rubble this afternoon, bringing the local total to 3,419 deaths. Deaths in Syria have now reached 1,602, bringing the complete toll to 5,021, with officials expecting many more to come. The UK quickly announced emergency aid for Turkey on Monday, with "emergency response teams" deployed to assist rescue efforts. The Government said a flight carrying "a team of experts to help on the ground" following the earthquakes left for Turkey at 4pm on February 6, landing by 9pm in Gaziantep. The Foreign Secretary said the team bound for Turkey included "76 search and rescue specialists, equipment and rescue dogs". He added: "In Syria, the UK-funded White Helmets have mobilised their resources to respond." "We stand ready to provide further support as needed." The Foreign Office has told British nationals or those who requires urgent help in Turkey to call +90 312 455 3344. 