Getting back on track after an indulgent holiday season can be tricky, but luckily help is at hand. We’ve got tips on how to book a check-up that can give you a holistic view of your health, as well as the clinics that can help give your skin a little TLC. Get the lowdown on a new fitness tool for at-home exercise and meet the destination expert who can help you safely plan a cosmetic procedure in Turkey. Everything needed for a new and improved you is right here. Happy reading. The start of a new year is the perfect time to book that health check you’ve been postponing. Bluecrest Wellness could help you better understand your health with a comprehensive, affordable and convenient head-to-toe health check at one of its 2,000-plus mobile clinics nationwide. The company’s full-body health assessments cover a variety of areas, ranging from liver and kidney function and stroke risk to cholesterol, blood pressure and diabetes assessments. Appointments take around 30 minutes to complete and you can access your results online within eight days. Within 21 days, a full Personal Health Report is delivered to your door. Book at bluecrestwellness.com by 31 March 2023, quoting MYHEALTH20 for £20 off your first in-clinic health assessment. Ever dreamed of a single exercising tool that allowed you to work multiple parts of your body? The SWELL FIT BAG could become your all-in-one gym. Fill the bag with water for strength exercises, from one to 10kg, and feel the power of instability training, which increases muscle activation in every move. The SWELL FIT BAG is designed to level up any workout, from Zumba and yoga to HIIT and CrossFit. It aims to help you build strength and flexibility, complementing your fitness regime and even supporting rehabilitation and injury prevention. Avoid the gym clutter (the bag packs down to 35x22cm, so it’s easily stored and carried) and work out virtually anywhere. Buy the SWELL FIT BAG at swellfitness.co.uk and get 25% off with code GETSWELLFIT25 until 31 March 2023. Looking to eat more healthily after an indulgent festive period? Cutting down on sugar is often a good place to start. However, it can also be the type of sugar consumed that could make all the difference. So how about making the change to healthier snack? If you’re craving something sweet, California Raisins offers the best alternative to chocolate and crisps. Grown in the San Joaquin Valley and dried in the warm California sunshine, these 100% natural raisins are high in potassium (which contributes to the maintenance of normal blood pressure, normal muscle function and normal functioning of the nervous system), and contain an abundance of vitamins and no added sugars — ideal for those striving to achieve a healthier lifestyle. Check out the California Raisins and find out how to incorporate them in delicious dishes at californiaraisins.co.uk On a mission to tackle hair loss, Haelf has devised an array of treatment options which could help to boost your confidence and the appearance of your hairline. The Hair Loss Kit includes a topical hair spray which can work to help regrow and strengthen your hair, and vitamin B capsules which contribute to the maintenance of normal hair. The kit effectively helps hair growth in 85% of men who are on the treatment plan for three to four months. This is suitable for men with mild to moderate hair loss and a receding hairline around the temples and crown area. If you’re a three or four on the Norwood Scale, this plan will deliver results within six to nine months. Get 40% off your Hair Loss Kit with discount code SAVE40 at haelf.com (offer valid until 31 March 2023). Discuss your hair loss with a doctor first to find the safest solution for you. Countries including Turkey are offering healthcare and cosmetic alternatives that could appeal to UK citizens for a number of reasons. Turkey’s flagship healthcare provider Acibadem boasts 24 hospitals and 14 outpatient clinics across five countries. It’s now launching its first UK Health Point office, a physical information office in London, where you can organise every aspect of your medical journey. Acibadem has over 30 years of expertise in healthcare, with experienced medical professionals and state-of-the-art medical technology at its facilities. Expect in-city transfers while in Turkey, welcoming lounges in Turkish airports and interpreters throughout your journey. Among the cosmetic procedures offered are rhinoplasty and hair transplants. Discover more at acibadembeautycenter.com Countries including Turkey are offering healthcare and cosmetic alternatives that could appeal to UK citizens for a number of reasons (the most common being affordability). Countries including Turkey are offering healthcare and cosmetic alternatives that could appeal to UK citizens for a number of reasons. Make 2023 the year to get the skin of your dreams with sebamed’s pH-balanced skincare products. Established in 1967, sebamed is the no. 1 medicinal skincare brand in Germany, designed with a pH value of 5.5 to reflect the perfect pH balance of healthy-looking skin. All sebamed products have been developed with dermatologists, pharmacies and hospitals using high-quality ingredients that cleanse and nourish the skin from birth without destroying the natural acid protection mantle which defends the skin against environmental irritants and dehydration. No matter your skin type, sebamed offers a full range of skincare products to suit your needs and can be suitable for people who may be prone to acne, dermatitis, eczema, psoriasis and rosacea. Discover the range of affordable Sebamed products at sebamed.co.uk and sign up to the company’s newsletter to receive 10% off your first order. Keen to stay fit and strong wherever you are? Primarily aimed at busy women, the SCULPT Membership allows you to enjoy a rewarding workout from the comfort of your own home, office or even holiday retreat. Increase your strength, flexibility and overall fitness while receiving support from women all over the world. SCULPT gives you unlimited access to new classes live and on demand every week, featuring a variety of strength, yoga, cardio, Pilates and combat workouts. The membership also includes monthly recipe packs, weekly meal plans, monthly workout calendars, a bespoke supplement bundle, private community access and 24/7 support. There’s no fixed membership period and you can cancel at any time. Sign up for a free 14-day trial until 28 February 2023 at sculptrition.com/sculpt In need of convenient, on-demand access to healthcare? LloydsPharmacy Online Doctor can help. The service gives you access to online consultations — essentially questionnaires designed by clinical experts to define the treatment that’s right for you, covering specific conditions related to men’s and women’s health. Collect medication from your local LloydsPharmacy or have your treatment delivered to your door. You may also speak directly to a doctor through LloydsPharmacy’s VideoGP app for general health queries. Download the app at onlinedoctor.lloydspharmacy.com and use code GP2023 to get a one-off VideoGP appointment for £20. Offer valid until 28 February 2023. If you're considering an aesthetic enhancement or looking to tackle a persistent skin condition, Simply Clinics can be your go-to. Established in 2014, Simply has evolved from being a simple laser hair clinic to now offering 24 medical and skin treatments at its four cosy London practices. Dr Youssef and his team of doctors and therapists are extensively trained to take on conditions such as acne, scarring and pigmentation. They specialise in natural-looking, non-surgical injectables and transformational skin treatments, including dermal fillers — at Simply, these focus on delicately enhancing the features of the client, with oversized lips being a no-go. Simply Clinics has also been shortlisted for the Best Clinic in London at the prestigious 2023 Aesthetics Awards. Get 15% off all treatments with the code SIMPLY15 at simplyclinics.co.uk until 28 February 2023.