If Chelsea are to sack Graham Potter, there are certainly worse managers to replace him than former Tottenham and PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino. The Blues board are understood be backing their manager through a turbulent period at the club which has seen them win only two of their last 14 games, with fans calling for Potter to be axed after just five months in the job. Pochettino will know how it feels to be hounded out after leaving PSG in June last year, despite leading the Parisians to the Ligue 1 title with consummate ease. However, it was their form in the Champions League which cost him his job. But after some time away from the dugout, it seems the 50-year-old could be back in management soon - particularly if Chelsea get rid of Potter. And his five-year spell in charge of Tottenham suggests it would be a smart appointment, while the likes of Luis Enrique and Zinedine Zidane could also be considered. It may well be the ultimate rebuilding job for any manager after £600million was spent on players since the summer transfer window, with £323m of that expenditure in January alone. But with the players at his disposal, Pochettino could become a success - and Express Sport looks at four players who could thrive under his leadership. READ MORE: Mauricio Pochettino 'wants Chelsea job' amid Potter pressure Looking beyond the simple matter of convenience of having a manager from the same country who speaks his language, Fernandez could thrive under a boss like Pochettino. And if Chelsea are intent on building their new squad of stars around the £107million signing, they should hire a coach who can get the best out of him. When he was in charge of Tottenham, they were arguably at their best when Mousa Dembele was at his peak and Fernandez can provide that same box-to-box presence for Chelsea. There is a feeling he could prove to be more influential in such a role, rather than the holding midfield job he is currently doing. Fernandez has been used in the 4-2-3-1 formation of late since joining Chelsea, but that ensures his presence is more defensive-centric than attacking-based. He had created six assists for Benfica in 17 appearances before signing for Chelsea, and handing him a role with more freedom would suit him better than filling the void left by Jorginho. DON'T MISSChelsea board's four options to replace Potter if Boehly wields axe Chelsea paid £323m for eight new signings in January, but they cannot buy a goal at the moment under Potter after netting just four times in their last 10 games. His decision to leave Aubameyang out of his Champions League appears to have backfired too, with the Gabonese unhappy at being left at the wayside. Their lack of a proper No 9 is costing Chelsea, with Kai Havertz far from prolific and David Fofana still a raw talent. But Pochettino knows only too well how good the 33-year-old could be at his peak, having faced him several times throughout his career in Europe and given how he helped Harry Kane become one of the best strikers in the world, he may be the manager to rescue Aubameyang from his Stamford Bridge exile. The promise shown by the 22-year-old in his debut cameo against Liverpool as he was eager to demonstrate why Chelsea shelled out £88m for his signature. But in his three appearances since, Mudryk has struggled to make an impression. There are some notable similarities in how Mudryk carries the ball to the way Son used to glide past defenders when Pochettino was at Tottenham. Similarly, he would encourage Neymar and Kylian Mbappe to dribble with the ball and express themselves from the left flank when he was in charge at PSG. While some players benefit from having detailed tactical instructions, something Potter is known for, others like Mudryk just need to be left to their own devices. Pochettino would give him that freedom to run at defenders and take the ball, and that could prove to be the key in unlocking the Ukrainian starlet's true potential as he gets to grips with life in the Premier League. If there were any comparisons to be drawn from the squad Pochettino had at Spurs and the current one at Chelsea, it is that there is a 19-year-old midfielder who could prove to be a future star who is in need of a nurturing hand to guide them. Then, it was Dele Alli; now, it's Chukwuemeka. The £20m signing from Aston Villa has shown glimpses of his ability for Chelsea under Potter but is yet to nail down a specific position. He can play anywhere across the front three and also as a No 8, and there is a feeling he needs to concentrate on one position to succeed at the club. Pochettino helped turn Alli into one of Europe's most lethal attacking midfielders, as evidenced by his 18-goal haul in the 2016-17 campaign, and it is no coincidence that Alli's career has nosedived since his exit. Chukwuemeka is a player cut from the same cloth as an aerial threat and a creative player that can inflict damage in the central areas. He could use that same fatherly figure to praise him and hand him first-team opportunities, which seems unlikely now Potter has the players he wants, and he could see his chances boosted by Pochettino's arrival.