The latest long-range forecast maps show snow blanketing much of the UK in what will be a "very cold and snowy" March. The Weather Outlook released a set of new weather maps that reveal the wintry weather will peak in the second week of March. That week could see non-stop snow flurries across the country for seven days straight. Snow will cover much of the UK, according to the weather agency's forecast, amid fears that the Beast from the East will return in March. According to the maps, snowy weather will first hit the UK on Monday, March 6. Scotland will bear the brunt of the initial wave before the Arctic weather front covers almost the entire country 24 hours later on Tuesday, March 7. The snow flurries and blizzard conditions are expected to last until at least the following Monday, March 13, when the long-range forecast ends. JUST IN: Met Office lays bare areas of Britain that are most likely to see snow  The Weather Outlook tweeted the weather maps, adding: "GFS 12z shows a very cold & snowy 2nd week of March, *BUT* it will certainly be one of the coldest runs in the ensemble. "GEFS still running, but to see where GFS sits look for the thick green line on the charts when the 12z updates appear." According to the in-depth charts, London will be hit with at least 4 centimetres of snow on the weekend of March 11 and 12. This comes as weather maps from WXCharts also show a wall of snow blanketing the entire UK within weeks.  The WXChart forecast sees the country face two extreme blizzards within days of each other. According to that long-range forecast, the freezing weather fronts could dump as much as 19cm of snow in places, while temperatures could drop as low as -11C. It is thought that the unusually freezing temperatures and snow depth will be brought about by a sudden stratospheric warming (SSW) event. DON'T MISS: Met Office lays bare areas of Britain that are most likely to see snow [FORECAST]Hollywood sign disappears in LA blizzard amid record-breaking storm [VIDEO]New maps show wall of snow covering length of UK [WEATHER MAPS]  The same weather phenomenon preceded the infamous Beast from the East of 2018 which caused weeks of freezing temperatures, heavy snow, and damaging winds. This contrasts with milder temperatures earlier this week, which saw a high of 16C in Suffolk, more than double the 8C expected for this time of year. According to the Met Office, the warm weather was due to the Atlantic air moving across the UK. A long-range forecast from the Met Office for Tuesday, February 28 to Thursday, March 9 reads: "Brisk winds expected in southern areas, with the risk of a few wintry showers. Northern areas will see more mild conditions." 