Now here's an offer that could be too good to refuse. In a major boost to its best Sky TV deals, the UK telecoms and TV firm is offering customers the chance to take delivery of its Sky Glass device and not pay a penny to watch things on it. Sky Glass starts from £14 per month with content bundles then added as an extra. Thanks to this latest offer, customers simply pay the £14 and nothing else. That basically means they get access to premium channels such as Sky Max, Sky Documentaries, Sky Nature and Sky Atlantic plus full Netflix access for free. Even adding Sky Sports is currently cheaper than usual with this package now reduced to £20 - saving £5. For those not already aware, Sky Glass offers a new way to watch movies and binge on boxsets with this device ditching the dish and using a broadband connection instead. That means there's no annoying installation or Sky engineers trudging through your home. Another is bonus is that this all-in-one screen also includes a soundbar plus everything you need to view premium telly is tucked inside which means there's no need for a separate set-top box. There's even a nifty new remote control that's colour matched to the TV and features backlit keys to make it easy to tap the buttons when the lights get low. Although Sky Glass doesn't include a hard disk for recordings, users can store content on the cloud and this telly uses a Playlists function to organise favourite shows from on-demand services such as Player, ITVX and more. There are three different screen sizes (44, 55 and 65-inch) to choose from plus you can order the TV in numerous colours including Ocean Blue, Racing Green and Dusky Pink. Want to know more? Read our full Sky Glass review. Of course, like all things in life, there is one catch as the free content deal only lasts for the first three months of the contract with things then being charged at that the usual price. Once the promotion ends, the cheapest plans start from £26 per month plus the £14 for the Glass TV. Clearly, the more you add the biggest your bill will get. Increase the screen size and you'll pay £19 for the 55-inch display and £24 for the 65-inch version. Include Sky Cinema and the price goes up by another £11 or add the ability to watch in stunning 4K and there's another £6 added to your bill. If the free content on Sky Glass deal sounds enticing, you can find full details here.