Mark Labbett reacted to former Holby City actress Chizzy Akudolu who cheekily joked she would "cry for a bit" as she completed her Self Assessment tax return. The Chase star, 57, admitted he is usually in for a surprise despite putting money away to cover his tax costs. Taking to Twitter yesterday, Chizzy tweeted: "OK, time to pay the tax man, then sit in the corner and cry for a bit… [laughing emoji]." She added the hashtag: "#selfemployed." Mark, otherwise known as The Beast, reacted to the post as the quizzer got candid about his own net worth. In view of his 159,000 followers, he replied: "Every year I think I have put plenty aside… Ouch and double ouch." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'bombshell' book not needed right now Chizzy quizzed: "Exactly. Why can’t they take it from source…?" Mark replied: "The yanks and the Aussies do that: take something like half off the top and then let you apply for a rebate." The deadline for completing Self Assessment tax returns online for the 2021 to 2022 tax year is January 31 as per HMRC's requirements. Mark, who made his first appearance on The Chase back in 2009, has since become a firm favourite on the ITV quiz programme.  His success on the show has seen him land a range of other gigs - including as one of the Chasers on the US version. Back in 2022, the ITV favourite revealed he made more money in one month than he had in his life after he reportedly banked an eye-watering £1million. It comes after his appearance on the US version of The Chase in 2021 but he admitted he had no intentions of splashing the cash. "It’s more than I earned in the first 49 years of my life,” he told the Mirror. DON'T MISS... Ozzy Osbourne admits touring days are over in honest admission[LATEST]Gordon Ramsay makes major bid for Strictly role[TV]Rachel Riley thrilled as blogger she sued for £50k has appeal rejected[COURT] Mark continued: “I didn’t spend any of it, I just made sure pensions are topped up, and my son’s school fees are paid. I don’t need anything or want anything.  He added: “I’m one of these guys who doesn’t need anything. I like a nice computer once in a while, I go round the world and it’s my office. I like my food but that’s about it.” The Beast, who was 29 stone at his heaviest, looked incredible as he recently showed off his slimmed down physique when he attended the Dirty Dancing press night at London's Dominion Theatre last week. He looked sophisticated in a white button-up shirt and black trousers and kept warm in a simple dark coat. Mark has previously opened up about his weight loss journey after being diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes in 2016 he was given a wake-up call to lose weight. He started by cutting out the sugar from his diet and exercising on the regular. The quizzer previously revealed his adorable golden retriever helped him shed 10 stone by getting him into the habit of exercising regularly and has branded him his "personal trainer". The Chase airs weekdays on ITV at 5pm 