Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) has been on a downward spiral ever since Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) and Al Chapman's (Michael Wildman) fling was exposed. The couple are still having to live under the same roof as they attempt to co-parent their daughter. However, in recent scenes in Emmerdale, Paddy has been pushing those closest to him away because he has been struggling to cope. He has even admitted to Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) that he is feeling lonely. In upcoming scenes, Paddy is set to leave the village as the vet contemplates taking his own life. Feeling alone and struggling to find his place in people’s lives, Paddy begins to have suicidal thoughts. Despite trying to get on with his life, the Emmerdale favourite is constantly reminded of Chas' infidelity, and their daily bickering is starting to take its toll on his mental health. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series As well as his problems at home, his work as a vet has suffered and he has made some uncharacteristically careless mistakes. Even though he has the likes of Marlon Dongle (Mark Charnock) and Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) around him, Paddy has never felt more isolated and alone. During Thursday's episode, viewers will see Paddy suddenly leave the village without telling his friends or family. However, he is later found staying locally at a guest house, and it's clear he is not planning on going back to the village or reconnecting with his loved ones for some time. In March, Paddy will return to his village, when completely unbeknownst to his close friends, he will say some veiled goodbyes before leaving again to attempt to end his own life. To bring this story to the screen, Emmerdale bosses and Dominic have taken advice and worked closely with both Samaritans and Andy’s Man Club in order to tell Paddy’s story as authentically and sensitively as possible. ”It is a huge honour and a great responsibility to be portraying this storyline," the Paddy Kirk star said about his storyline. "It’s an inherent problem in today’s society that most men don’t talk enough about their problems. DON'T MISS...Vanessa Feltz issues plea to This Morning viewers after split [VIDEO]BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [REACTION]Death in Paradise star speaks out on Marlon and Naomi romance [INSIGHT] "We bottle them up, we don’t want to bother anyone, we become embarrassed, we feel we should be strong and not show weakness. "If this story can shine a light on the issue or make even a small change to someone’s outlook or viewpoint, then it will have been worth it. "It’s also a privilege to be working alongside The Samaritans and Andy’s Man Club in highlighting this issue.” Emmerdale producer Laura Shaw explained it was vital for the soap to get the storyline right as they wanted to "open up the conversation about male depression and suicide." "Paddy is usually very happy-go-lucky in life, always joking and having a laugh, but what we see is that recent events have really taken their toll," she said. "Despite him being popular and having lots of friends and family around him, Paddy starts to feel increasingly lonely, isolated and overwhelmed by his feelings and this leads to him having some very dark thoughts. "We've worked really closely with Samaritans and Andy's Man Club every step of the way through this story and their incredible support and insight has helped us to shape Paddy's journey into a true reflection of what thousands of men sadly go through every year.” Lorna Fraser, the Executive Lead for Samaritans’ Media Advisory Service went on to add: “Paddy’s story creates an opportunity to show others, particularly middle-aged men, however, difficult times can become, it's always possible to get help and get through, and ultimately recover. "Depression and suicide are extremely serious topics, so we’re pleased to have seen the producers work so hard to ensure they got this story right in its telling. "We encourage anyone touched by this story to reach out to Samaritans, our amazing volunteers are always here to listen, day and night.” Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV. Anyone struggling with their mental health can contact the Samaritans day or night, 365 days a year. You can call them for free on 116 123 or visit www.samaritans.org for more info. Andy's Man Club, which has over 100 peer talking groups across the UK, is also on hand to help. For more information or to find out where all the groups are please email: info@andysmanclub.co.uk or check out their website:www.AndysManClub.co.uk 