Kevin Durant revealed he still uses burner accounts on Twitter even after he sensationally exposed himself in 2017. The Brooklyn Nets star is one of the best players in recent NBA history but enjoys to engage with fans in debates on social media under various guises. Durant likes to speak his mind and, given his incredible talent and success, he has certainly earned a key position within basketball discourse. His active use of social media should be somewhat celebrated, as having a genuine NBA superstar interacting with fans is a positive. However, Durant is certainly not opposed to calling people - anyone - out when he disagrees with their perception of him. He has developed a reputation for having burner Twitter accounts after the 34-year-old hit out at former teammates back in 2017. Durant has over 20 million followers on Twitter and has tweeted over 25,000 times. However, he was exposed for having burner accounts on the app so he could tweet out defences for leaving the Oklahoma City Thunder for the Golden State Warriors in 2016, including: “He didn’t like the organisation or playing for Billy Donovan. His roster wasn’t that good, it was just him and Russ.” READ MORE: Lakers' six players that could help LeBron James before trade deadline During his appearance on Barstool Sports and Rodriguez’s The Corp back in 2020, Durant said: “I still have burners that I use for sure. I have a burner Twitter account still. When people use that burner thing against me they only thought I was on there just to talk s***. I was really indulging in a lot of different communities on my burners. “When I deleted it I was like ‘these people really made me delete what I enjoy, which is my burner account.’ So, I got another one.” DON'T MISSLeBron James tipped to create chaos in fitting game to break recordSteph Curry passes Wilt Chamberlain for Golden State Warriors recordNovak Djokovic shares Indian Wells 'wish' as Serb inspired by Jordan Durant received a tsunami of criticism during his first year with the Warriors as fans accused him of leaving the Thunder to form a superteam ahead of the 2016/17 season. His Thunder had agonisingly lost to the Warriors in the previous playoffs, so his fans felt betrayed and hit out at Durant, which was why the 13-time All-Star retaliated. After his slip-up, Durant was found to be operating multiple burner accounts on various social media platforms. He had Twitter accounts to hit back at haters as well as other Instagram accounts used for his private life. It would be more acceptable if Durant used burner accounts to communicate with close friends and family. However, using them to react to criticism for his performances on the court has been criticised by fans around the NBA world.