Residents of a North Wales town have been rocked by the sudden deaths of a popular father and son who died within days of each other. The untimely departures of Suleman ‘Sol’ Arshad and his dad Mohammed ‘Ash’ Arshad, who owned Zayn’s Coffee House and Fish & Chips Cafe, have shocked the seaside resort of Rhyl, with tributes flooding in for the much-loved duo, reports North Wales Live.  In a message posted on social media, the family wrote: “It is with greatest sadness to announce the death of our brother Suleman Arshad (SOL) on 23/01/23 and the death of our dad Mohammed Arshad (ASH) on 27/01/23. “Our family’s world has been shattered and at this moment we would appreciate privacy.” The family also thanked the local community for their support. Usman Arshad said: “It’s very hard to come to terms with, but the support from the people of Rhyl has been amazing and that’s helped a lot to get through this.”  Reacting to the news, one person wrote: “Am so sad to read this. My heart aches for all the family. “Ashi and Sol always will be remembered as kind, courteous, friendly. Loyal amazing friends. Hard workers and loved by all who knew them.” Another said: “My heart breaks for the family. Known them for many many years. “Sol Arshad, you were an amazing soul. You always said hi and went out of your way just to make sure I knew you were trying to speak to me. “I will miss you. And Ash was such an amazing man. Always always had time for my nan treated her like a queen. My heart is with the whole family at this time.” READ MORE: Jet2 issues Spain holiday warning over flight delays  The family owns two cafes on Market Street in Rhyl and many took to social media to share fond memories of the pair who had worked at the cafes together for years. One user wrote: “Can’t believe this, the best cafe and food I’ve ever tasted and such welcoming place. I will miss you both so much R.I.P SOL & ASH, prayers are for your family absolutely devastated." A second person said: “Oh no, not the two of them, I can’t believe this it’s so sad. How tragic I’ve known the family for years." Another wrote: “RIP sol and Ash. You will be sadly missed. You always made me and my mum feel welcome coming in.” A third added: “Such sad news. Both absolutely lovely gentlemen and they will be greatly missed.” 