Real Farming Lives airs on More 4 and follows the TV shepherdess Amanda Owen as she visits farms around the country and discovers the issues they’re facing. Although it looks as though the Our Yorkshire Farm star hasn’t managed to gain a huge following. Kicking off at the end of January, the first episode of Amanda’s new show saw the 48-year-old visit two sisters who managed to overcome struggles to establish their coastal farm. Newly-released figures show the debut episode peaked with an audience of 610,000 with a total of 329,000 watching as it aired live. READ MORE:Emmerdale couple torn apart as fans 'work out' Bob Hope betrayal The father and son mini-series was a huge hit for Channel 5 and followed the teen's new contract digging business.   Clive and Amanda both rose to fame back in 2018 with their Channel 5 series Our Yorkshire Farm, which ran for four seasons. The popular show followed the family of 11 as they ran Ravenseat Farm as it followed their day-to-day life. However, in June last year, their large fanbase was left shocked when Clive and Amanda revealed they were separating. Although they are no longer together, they both continue to work at the farm with Amanda moving into a holiday let close to Ravenseat. DON'T MISS...Shamima Begum should be 'given chance' to return says old ISIS recruit [VIDEO]BBC viewers want apology for ‘speculation’ over missing Nicola Bulley [REACTION]Happy Valley writer worried over finale after star 'wasn't happy' [HAPPY VALLEY] The duo first met in 1996 when she arrived at the farm at 21-year-old as a trainee shepherdess. Marrying in 2000, they share nine children together who were featured in the series as they got stuck into the chores of running the farm. Since separating, the two are co-parenting with Amanda sharing: “I'm getting on with my life as an independent woman, looking after the kids and my sheep.  “I'm not a wallflower and I'm not over-sensitive, but a lot of things said about me are being taken out of context. I'm living a fantastic life doing what I really love."   