Weeds can be a nuisance for gardeners trying to keep their gardens in pristine condition. Although weeds are simply plants in the wrong location, they can make an outdoor space look unkempt, and some can be extremely hard to get rid of. With this in mind, a variety of experts have shared methods to try and banish them for good. It is important to get rid of weeds as soon as the problem arises to prevent them from competing with other garden plants. Gonna Lorraine, gardening expert at Fantastic Services, said: “To manage weeds, mulch the soil. It blocks sunlight from weeds, inhibits growth, and helps retain moisture.” Mulch has several benefits for the garden, and can be in the form of garden compost, wood or bark chipping to lay over the soil as a thick covering. The expert added: “Pouring boiling water on weeds can instantly kill them, as well as any seeds that may be dormant in the soil. READ MORE: I tried Kärcher’s most advanced window vacuum - thoughts “It’s brilliant for walkways, garden paths, and driveways, but not lawns. “Annual weeds should be taken care of before they have the chance to set seed. Consider pulling them out of the ground after the rain has softened the soil, so you can get the complete root systems. “If you have a weed problem and don’t mind using chemicals, consider a systematic weed killer.” A cheaper method to inhibit weeds growing involves using cardboard or newspaper to block the plant from sunlight and nutrients. DON'T MISS:Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [EXPLAINER]Four houseplants best for removing ‘mould’ and ‘other toxins’ [INSIGHT] Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk, told Express.co.uk: “The barrier stops the weeds from spreading and the good thing is that after covering it with soil, the cardboard will eventually decompose, giving the ground a fresh start. “You can also swap our cardboard with old newspapers but make sure to add a few layers to make sure the barrier is thick enough. “Using card or newspaper are good hacks as long as you don’t mind the slightly bizarre look of it.” Another way to kill weeds popping up on the gravel or in the driveway is to use bleach carefully to target the problem. READ MORE: Three mistakes to avoid making with your dehumidifier Experts at the Grass People explained: “Bleach will kill grass, flowers, and other vegetation as well, so be sure to use it only on harder services and not on or near organic matter.” Britons should also make sure bleach is kept away from pets and children when placing it on weeds. If you’re not keen on using bleach straight away, try white vinegar which is an “ideal” way to kill “unsightly” problematic weeds. Mixing white vinegar with washing-up liquid also makes for a very potent and “effective” weed-killing solution. The experts explained: “The acetic acid in vinegar sucks out the water from the weed, which dries it up, while the dish soap breaks down the outside of the plant, helping the vinegar to penetrate it quicker. “However, as with all DIY weed removal methods, this should never be used on your grass or lawn or other organic matter as it could turn yellow and die off.” Both white vinegar and bleach should kill existing weeds pretty quickly and stop new ones from sprouting in the garden. Gardeners could also make a homemade solution using salt and water to target the areas which need killing, as salt is thought to starve and dehydrate the weed. Again, be careful when using this in the garden as it could kill off other plants and damage habitats for animals.