Cleaning bedding is second nature for many people, and how often you wash them is often a controversial topic. Generally, experts recommend washing bedding once every two weeks, or even once a week if you have allergies or a pet who sleeps on the bed. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, has shared five of the biggest mistakes to avoid making. The expert explained: “Unfortunately, people don’t wash their sheets as regularly as they let on - some even wash them every four months. “Waiting until your sheets are visibly dirty can allow for germs, sweat and dirt to build up over time, which doesn’t only affect the condition of your sheets, but isn’t great for health either. “As a rule of thumb, make sure to wash your sheets every two weeks to keep them in peak condition - you can even schedule your laundry with a professional service, if that helps you remember.” Chucking your bedding in the washing machine along with clothes and towels may seem easy, and it can cut down on wash loads if you have a large machine. READ MORE: Six ‘interior designer’ changes to upgrade your bathroom Although you may not think it’ll make a huge difference, Deyan said in the long run it definitely can. He explained: “Every material has a different washing process and needs enough room to circulate and rinse properly. “Adding different fabrics into this cycle can create friction, wearing down your sheets or causing bobbling. “Equally, zippers or buttons could get snagged and cause tearing. It’s best to run cycles specifically for your sheets and your washing machine may even have a setting for this.” DON'T MISS:Four plants to prune now for successful growth in the garden this year [COMMENT]Four ‘simple’ DIY methods to draught-proof windows for under £5 [EXPLAINER]‘Best’ method to clean yellow bathroom grout for 50p [INSIGHT] This will give them enough time and room to be washed properly. Also, make sure to wash them on a hotter wash than clothing to make sure all of the germs and bacteria are gone. Deyan said there is this “common misconception” that if your sheets are extremely dirty, then they need more detergent to help them clean. However, this laundry mistakes can do “far more harm than good”, especially when it comes to bedding which can be quite delicate and light in colour. The laundry pro continued: “Not only can too much detergent stain your sheets, especially if they’re white, but it can also wear down their fibres, eventually causing holes and tears. READ MORE: Exact date you should start mowing your lawn after winter “Instead of detergent, I would recommend using half a cup of baking soda and vinegar to wash your bedsheets, for silky and soft results.” The cost of living crisis, means many people will be drying their bed sheets on airers, heated airers or with the help of a dehumidifier or radiator. For those still using a tumble dryer, the expert advised not keeping bed sheets in the tumble dryer for too long as this could end up shrinking them. Deyan noted: “To avoid uncomfortable bed sheets getting in the way of a good sleep, dry your sheets naturally on a drying line or rack, preferably outside for an even fresher smell, for longevity and better results.” With warm weather just a few months away, Britons can resume drying their laundry and bedding outside which will help to keep them smelling fresh as well as the sun bleaching any stains. The laundry expert continued: “Whilst this one may seem obvious, people often don’t check the labels of their sheets and just assume that they require the same cycle as their towels and clothes. “This often isn’t the case for sheets, as each type of material has different washing requirements. Cotton sheets are best washed at a lower temperature, and certain fabrics shouldn’t be ironed or put in the tumble dryer. “If you follow the instructions, you’ll wash your bed sheets efficiently and keep them crisp and clean.”