President Joe Biden promised a further $500million (£415million) in military aid to Ukraine during a surprise visit to Kyiv on Monday. The aid, which is on top of the more than $50billion (£41billion) already provided, is for shells for howitzers, anti-tank missiles, air surveillance radars and other munitions but no new advanced weaponry. Ukraine has also been pushing for battlefield systems that would allow its forces to strike Russian targets that have been moved back from frontline areas, out of the range of HIMARS missiles that have already been delivered. Zelensky said he and Biden spoke about “long-range weapons and the weapons that may still be supplied to Ukraine even though it wasn’t supplied before". But he did not detail any new commitments. The Ukrainian President described the negotiations as "very fruitful". Biden, appearing alongside Zelensky, talked up the sizeable commitment of military equipment the US and its allies have provided the beleaguered country in the year since Russia first invaded. READ MORE: US warns of 'serious consequences' as China poised to send weapons into Ukraine “Together, we’ve committed nearly 700 tanks and thousands of armoured vehicles. 1,000 artillery systems, more than two million rounds of artillery ammunition, more than 50 advanced launch rocket systems, anti-ship and air defence systems, all to defend Ukraine,” Biden said. “And that doesn’t count the other half a billion dollars we’re announcing with you today and tomorrow that’s going to be coming your way.” In a show of resolve, the President said: “One year later, Kyiv stands", adding: “And Ukraine stands. Democracy stands. The Americans stand with you, and the world stands with you.” The purpose of Biden’s surprise visit to Kyiv, which comes before a scheduled trip to Warsaw, Poland, is to underscore that the US is prepared to stick with Ukraine “as long as it takes” to repel Russian forces even as public opinion polling suggests that US and allied support for providing weaponry and direct economic assistance has started to soften. DON'T MISSChina warns US 'fanning flames' of Ukraine war [LATEST]Hundreds of teens ruin family's home [REPORT]Trump blasts DeSantis in late night tirade [INSIGHT] For Zelensky, the symbolism of having the US president stand side by side with him on Ukrainian land as the anniversary nears is no small thing as he prods allies to provide more advanced weaponry and step up delivery. “I thought it was critical that there not be any doubt, none whatsoever, about US support for Ukraine in the war,” Biden said. The US President's trip was a brazen rebuke to his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin, who had hoped his military would swiftly overrun Kyiv within days. Biden recalled speaking with Zelensky on the night of the invasion, saying: “That dark night one year ago, the world was literally at the time bracing for the fall of Kyiv. Perhaps even the end of Ukraine.” READ MORE: Biden 'sends message to world' after taking secret train ride to visit Zelensky in Ukraine A year later, the Ukrainian capital remains firmly in Ukrainian control. Although a semblance of normalcy has returned to the city, regular air raid sirens and frequent missile and killer-drone attacks against military and civilian infrastructure across the country are a near-constant reminder that the war is still raging. The bloodiest fighting is, for the moment, concentrated in the country’s east, particularly around the city of Bakhmut, where Russian offensives are underway. At least six civilians have been killed and 17 more have been wounded in Ukraine over the past 24 hours, Ukraine’s presidential office reported. In the eastern Donetsk region, the Russian army was using aviation to strike cities on the front line. A total of 15 cities and villages have been shelled over the past 24 hours, according to the region’s Ukrainian Gov. Pavlo Kyrylenko. In the northeastern Kharkiv region, cities near the border with Russia came under fire. A missile strike hit Kupiansk, located 120 kilometers from the regional centre of Kharkiv, damaging a hospital, a plant and residential buildings. “The cost that Ukraine has had to bear has been extraordinarily high,” Biden said. “And the sacrifices have been far too great.” But “Putin’s war of conquest is failing", adding that "he’s counting on us not sticking together". “He thought he could outlast us. I don’t think he’s thinking that right now. God knows what he’s thinking, but I don’t think he’s thinking that. But he’s just been plain wrong. Plain wrong.”