Viewers of the ITV soap saw Paddy (played by Dominic Brunt) battle with loneliness, bitterness and anger when it came to Chas's (Lucy Pargeter) infidelity. The anger soon turned into depression leaving the Emmerdale icon with suicidal thoughts, and his family to try and rally around him to make sure he got the help he needs. Now, Dominic Brunt has opened up about the long-standing storyline and teased a possible reunion for Paddy and Chas after all. When the storyline first kicked off, Paddy was still living under the same roof as Chas as they co-parented their daughter Eve Dingle (Bella James). The situation began to grow increasingly tense as his work began to suffer at the vet office, and left Paddy feeling as if he couldn't confide in Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) and Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley). Feeling like there was nowhere to turn, Paddy mysteriously left the village and was later found staying at a local guest house. The heartbreaking storyline continues in March when Paddy returns to the village intending to say his final goodbye to his family and friends before planning to take his own life. READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series Official spoilers reveal everyone is shocked to see him walk into The Woolpack, reuniting with Marlon and Chas. He puts on a happy façade with Marlon and explains he just needed some space, but when Marlon leaves, he crumbles into tears. Later on, Paddy meets with his family and friends and wants to make amends for his past behaviour, but the reality is far more worrying. Paddy is actually saying goodbye to his loved ones and has even penned a letter to his father Bear. Once Bear discovers the note, he seeks Marlon's help so they can try and find Paddy before it's too late. Despite being the reason that Paddy is headed down this dark path, Chas may be the only one who can get Paddy to rethink his plans. Actor Dominic, recently opened up on what the future looks like for Paddy and Chas and teased a potential reunion for the couple. Speaking to Digital Spy, he explained: "I hope he gets better, I hope he talks more, I hope he brings his friends into what happened. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [WATCH]Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [LATEST]Prince Harry branded 'delusional' for wanting King Charles apology [INSIGHT] "I hope he and Chas can make amends, whether they're together or not. I hope he tells her that it wasn't all her fault, because it's important that she knows that. "And I hope he listens to the fact that so many people say: 'I love you.'" Touching on Paddy's journey over the coming months, Dominic added: "We will follow him on his journey to recovery – we don't just go: 'He's fine now.' "Like anybody who goes through the trauma he's gone through, he now has to live with the knowledge that he has suicidal thoughts and is capable of that." Producer Laura Shaw has offered insight into Paddy's struggles and explained as soon as they began discussing the story, she knew she needed to get it right and open up the conversation about male depression and suicide. Paddy has always mainly been happy-go-lucky in life, always joking and having a laugh but the recent events over time has taken a toll on his mental health and led him to dark thoughts. She explained: "We've worked really closely with Samaritans and Andy's Man Club every step of the way through this story, and their incredible support and insight have helped us to shape Paddy's journey into a true reflection of what thousands of men sadly go through every year." Further information about how to access support is available via the NHS, and organisations who can offer help include Samaritans on 116 123 or Mind on 0300 123 3393. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV1 and streams on ITVX.