King Charles III was met with boos and anti-monarchy chants when he arrived in Milton Keynes on Thursday to celebrate the new city. The protestors also held giant bright yellow placards reading “not my king”. In light of the demonstrations, do you think the police should step in and dissolve protests on royal visits? Vote in our poll. The King arrived at The Church of Christ the Cornerstone in the Buckinghamshire city accompanied by his security and appeared to be unaffected by the protestors in the crowd. On his short walk to the church, he approached the fences to greet some of his supporters. He later attended a reception with members of the local community and Milton Keynes officials to celebrate the newly-acquired city status. He also unveiled a commemorative plaque at the church, which the late Queen Elizabeth II visited in 1992. The King's visit to Milton Keynes was announced earlier this month and he was due to be accompanied by the Queen Consort, but Camilla had to clear her diary this week after she tested positive for coronavirus. READ MORE: King Charles faces group of placard-waving protestors Campaign group Republic – which favours the election of the head of state over the Royal Family – announced plans to stage a protest on Wednesday. Speaking about the upcoming protest, a spokesman for Republic told Express.co.uk: “Republic is concerned about recent police harassment of peaceful protesters at royal events. We're determined to get the message across that it's ok to protest against the royals. Instead of a pointless Coronation, we need a serious public debate. “We believe the British public should be asked, do you want Charles or a choice? The tide is starting to turn against the monarchy and we need a serious debate about its future.” A series of anti-monarchy protests have taken place in the last six months since the death of Queen Elizabeth II. Ahead of the King’s arrival in Milton Keynes royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: “Republic have, of course, a right to peaceful protest but I hope they don’t do this regularly. They are unlikely to do themselves much good!” So what do YOU think? Should police step in over protests on royal visits? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.