Stacey Solomon, 32, is due to give birth any day now, and excitement has been building on social media. The star had previously kept her pregnancy secret for seven months before fans were let in on the exciting announcement. Last month, pregnant Stacey revealed that she and her husband Joe Swash are expecting another baby girl. Over the weekend, while she also enjoyed a well-needed self-care Sunday, Stacey shared a glimpse at the homemade hot air balloon mobile she had made for her unborn daughter's nursery. "From mummy with love little one. Patiently waiting for you to be here, we are all so excited to finally meet you baby girl," Stacey captioned the adorable snap. "She’s very comfy apparently, letting me know who’s boss already. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield addresses This Morning 'feud' after skipping party "Now just need to find a safe out of reach little cubby hole to put this in." After posting a look at the gorgeous homemade mobile, eagle-eyed fans felt as though Stacey had dropped a massive clue about the name of her unborn baby girl. Stacey used a collection of white beads and pearls to decorate, prompting her followers to guess the Loose Women star is planning on calling her daughter Pearl. Rushing to the comments, eagle-eyed fans shared their suggestions and guesses as one commented: "By any chance are you going to call her Pearl??" "Looks like she might be calling her Pearl!!! "How adorable. Pearl Swash," another wrote. "Awhhhhh Rose and Pearl would be so cute. "Hope this is a big clue from Stacey," someone else gushed. DONT MISS:Strictly's Amy Dowden fights tears as she asks fans for help (PHOTOS)Jeremy Clarkson slams lack of EU subsidy after Brexit in ‘c*** job’ (NEWS)Happy Valley's James Norton and Rhys Connah pay tribute to castmates (LATEST) The couple, who already share three-year-old son Rex, and 16-month-old daughter Rose, had found out the joyous news later on in the pregnancy and decided to keep it to themselves. Stacey confirmed on December 30, alongside her first bump snap, that she was eight months pregnant, and they are expecting a baby girl. Stacey recently joked she was "still full" and hadn't given birth yet to her second daughter. As we entered February she typed on her Instagram: "Hello February. Our little girl will officially be a February baby. “Our little Aquarius. I love February. I think because of the start of longer days, brighter days, it's a nice short month. “I feel like it's a little gateway month into spring... Happy February everyone."