But his gamble seems to have paid off triumphantly. In a dramatic symbol of a fresh start, he and the EU President Ursula von der Leyen signed a new accord, dubbed the Windsor Framework, that resolves many of the problems with the unbalanced previous arrangement known as the Northern Ireland Protocol.  Although supported by the majority of people in the province, the Protocol enraged Ulster Unionists because they believed it undermined the strength of the union, particularly through the imposition of a trade border in the Irish Sea. But now, through his clarity of purpose and attention to detail, the Prime Minister has managed to secure vital concessions from Brussels on a scale which not even his most optimistic supporters would have thought possible. So the EU has agreed to a “green lane” system, whereby most physical and paper checks on goods from Great Britain destined solely for the Northern Irish market will be lifted. This will be underpinned by a trusted trader scheme which businesses can join. Just as important is the maintenance of Northern Ireland’s integral place in the United Kingdom, for the EU has accepted that Britain’s rules rather than its own will apply in the province on issues like VAT, state aid and alcohol duties.  n another striking compromise, the involvement of the European Court of Justice in the legal oversight of Northern Ireland’s trade is to be significantly diluted, while the role of the Stormont Assembly and the province’s courts is to be strengthened. All in all, the deal represents an extraordinary personal achievement by Sunak. Even some senior Brexiteers have been deeply impressed, as reflected in the words of minister Steve Baker, the former leader of the ultra sceptic European Research Group (ERG) who described it as “a fantastic result”. Sunak is often criticised for being too much of a technocrat, but in this case – as in his handling of the economy as Chancellor during the Covid pandemic – his forensic grasp of his subject was a formidable asset. He was also helped by the excellent relationship he established with Ursula von der Leyen, built not only on mutual trust but also their shared experiences, like the happy time they spent at Stanford University in the USA and their families’ love of horses.  The deal now opens the way to better relations with the EU, which could help to improve co-operation against the people smugglers in the English Channel. This new era may also revive the stalled talks on a trade deal with the USA, as well as hopes for Britain’s participation in EU science and innovation programmes. After so many splits on Europe, all sides of the Tory party should unite behind this deal. A few supporters of Boris Johnson, eager to see the downfall of Sunak, will be reluctant to do so, but they should put the country's interest before their hero's personal ambition. There are also a few unreconcilable ERC members who still object to even a minimal role for the European Court in Northern Ireland. But such a constitutionally purist stance does not account for Ulster's political realities.  This is a land with two very different national identities, communities and heritages. It is just delusional to pretend – as some unionists do - that Northern Ireland can be treated in the same way as Northamptonshire. Progress can only be made through compromise, whereas absolutism will lead to division and conflict. A moment of truth has arrived for the Democratic Unionists in Ulster. Will they utter their age-old cry of “No Surrender” and retreat into their fortress of sectarian tribalism? Or will they now accept the Windsor deal, allow the return of power-sharing, democratic governance and play their part in a constructive new chapter for Northern Ireland? The Prime Minister has offered them a golden chance to help forge a brighter future. 