A food recall is issued when there is a health and safety problem with a product. This usually means it is unsafe for certain individuals - or all individuals - to eat. When this happens, a product is withdrawn from shelves and customers who have already bought it are advised on what to do. Quorn Foods is recalling Frozen Quorn Swedish Style Balls because they may contain small pieces of plastic. The possible presence of plastic makes the product unsafe to eat and presents a potential choking hazard. This product is sold at various major supermarkets, including Tesco, Morrisons, Sainsbury's, Asda, and Waitrose. However, it is only being recalled in England and Scotland. Batches sold in Wales and Northern Ireland are not affected. READ MORE: Kate Middleton diet: Doctor shares Duchess’ ‘secret’ to slim frame The Frozen Quorn Swedish Style Balls come in a pack 30g in size and have a best before date of September 30, 2024. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) usually publishes all recent food recalls, and has shared information about this one. In its risk statement, it said: "This product may contain small pieces of plastic which makes them unsafe to eat and presents a potential choking hazard." It also explained the action taken by the company, saying: "Quorn is recalling the above product from customers. The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers. "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product." In its notice, Quorn said: "This is an advisory notice that this product may contain pieces of hard white plastic that could cause a potential choking hazard. "Please return to store for a refund or contact Quern Customer Services at customer.services@quornfoods.com or 0345 602 9000." The FSA stated its advice to customers too. It said: "If you have bought the above product, do not eat it. READ MORE: Meghan 'loathes syrupy drinks' - tops cocktail with unusual garnish "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund, no receipt is required. "If you would like any further information, please contact Quorn Customer Services at customer.services@quornfoods.com or 0345 602 9000." The FSA went on to give more information about product recalls and withdrawals in general. The organisation said: "If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. "In some cases, a 'Food Alert for Action' is issued. This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers." The 300g pack of Quorn Swedish Style Balls costs differently depending on the supermarket it is sold at. At Tesco and Asda, the product costs £2.50, while at Morrisons it costs £2.49, and at Sainsbury's the price of the product is £2.