As a general rule, the Government’s approach of standing firm against the current wave of public strikes is entirely right. Some of the strikes are shameless attempts to use union muscle to force wage increases that simply can’t be afforded, let alone justified. The RMT for example, represents workers whose average salary is £59,000 in jobs so highly sought after that there are no vacancies anywhere. When new jobs do come up, applications outweigh jobs available by 300 to 1 in the South; 750 to 1 in the North. The RMT’s strikes are a perfect example of shooting yourself in the foot. When they started, they caused chaos. But there have now been so many that people have got used to making alternative arrangements. So when the strikes do eventually stop the RMT will find that all they’ve done is damage the case for investment in railways, as fewer of us will be using them. But every rule is there to be broken, and the nurses’ case is altogether different. For one thing, you only have to listen to nurses on the picket line to realise how desperately unhappy they are to be on strike. They became nurses to help people. And their union leadership is so far from the hard-Left RMT, for example, that they stress that, of course, they are willing to negotiate a settlement for less than their demand of 5 percent above inflation – equal to around 19 percent – backdated to the start of the 2022/23 pay round. The facts speak for themselves. Nurses’ pay has fallen by over 20 percent since 2010 and recruitment is in crisis. There are 46,828 vacancies across England, a tenth of the entire workforce – the worst staffing crisis since records began and up from 38,814 since last year.  It’s a vicious cycle: because there are so few nurses, those who are working suffer ever-worsening conditions at the same time as their relative pay is falling, with an average salary of £35,000. On a picket line yesterday, one nurse, Victoria Busk, said staffing levels cause problems “90 percent of the time”. She went on: “On those days, you’re constantly running up and downwards, all day. In eight hours, I’ll do about 19,000 steps in one ward. It’s just constantly chasing your tails, trying to catch up. Always going home thinking ‘Oh, this hasn’t been done, this needed to be done’. You can’t switch off from it.” The Government constantly repeats the mantra that nurses’ pay is calculated by an independent review body. Yes, but so much has changed since its report on nurses’ pay a year ago when inflation was 6.2 percent. There is nothing to stop the Government from deciding that with the NHS facing what is shaping up to be its worst winter – other than during the pandemic – it is vital both for practicality and fairness that nurses are properly compensated for their work. Look at the issue with brutal coldness. The NHS cannot operate without nurses. It can barely cope with a day or two of them striking. But the end result of a prolonged nurses’ strike can only be deaths on an unimaginable scale, let alone the suffering a strike would cause.  It is only because the nurses themselves are not prepared to contemplate the devastation a full-on strike would cause that we are not there now. The nurses’ case is overwhelming on every level: practical, moral and even economic because a functioning healthcare system is essential to a functioning economy. With every day in which Rishi Sunak and Steve Barclay refuse to negotiate they not only push the nurses towards the militancy they are so keen to avoid, but they also reveal their own inability to see the wood for the trees. The only point they are making by refusing to sit down with the RCN and hammer out a settlement is that they don’t understand the difference between a justified grievance and greed. And, perversely, that serves only to elevate the status of strikes such as the RMT’s. At some point, there has to be a settlement. The question for Rishi Sunak is whether he wants to be dragged to it, risking appalling damage meanwhile to the NHS and to patients, or if he wants to do the right thing.