The Duchess of Sussex has made her first official appearance since mid-January, when Prince Harry's memoir Spare was released worldwide. Her return to the limelight came as Clevr Blends, a wellness brand she invested in in late 2020, shared a video on social media paying tribute to the role the royal has played in its growth. The brand, which makes instant superlattes, shared on its official Instagram account a "behind the scenes look" into how the two founders' start-up company has grown exponentially since 2016. Hannah Mendoza, the co-founder and CEO of Clevr, led the brief clip focused on the history of the brand and how Meghan's investment helped the company skyrocket its reach and sales. After recalling the humble beginnings of the brand, with its superlatte being initially sold in a pop-up cafe and orders being fulfilled in a garage, Ms Mendoza said "everything changed" after Meghan approached Clevr. The Duchess, the entrepreneur said, had not just fallen in love with the products sold by Clevr but was also "extremely passionate" about investing in a female-funded, sustainable and organic brand. Ms Mendoza added: "Meghan ended up becoming our first investor, advisor and biggest advocate." The Duchess, Clevr's co-founder said, even sent the products to some of her A-lister friends and, to Ms Mendoza's surprise, Oprah Winfrey ended up filming herself on social media while preparing one of the superlatte drinks provided by Meghan. Ms Mendoza admitted in the clip her company was "not ready" for the major success and attention it started receiving thanks to Meghan. The company has since grown to the extent Clevr products are now sold not only online but also by mainstream retailers. READ MORE: Kate and William's 'hair-raising moment' on royal plane In the clip, Meghan appears multiple times while speaking to Ms Mendoza, trying the Clevr products and posing with the team for a picture. The Duchess' investment - the size of which was not revealed - came to light in mid-December 2020, just months after Meghan and Harry had relocated to California and stepped down as full-time working royals. At the time, the Duchess said in a statement: "This investment is in support of a passionate female entrepreneur who prioritizes building community alongside her business. "I’m proud to invest in Hannah’s commitment to sourcing ethical ingredients and creating a product that I personally love and [that] has a holistic approach to wellness. I believe in her, and I believe in her company. In an interview with Fortune in 2021, Ms Mendoza had already paid tribute to Meghan for her important contribution to the company. She said at the time: "Having the Duchess as a mentor and an adviser has been amazing. She's so smart, she's so passionate, and she has such a good heart. Having her as an adviser has been one of the most incredible things to come out of all of this." Over the past weeks, Meghan was spotted only in another clip, shared as Ellen DeGeneres renewed her wedding vows with Portia de Rossi. Both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could be briefly seen at the event in the video shared, clapping and smiling for the couple.