WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from Fauda season 4 Netflix dropped season four of Fauda globally with fans binging the new series. The 12 episodes told a fresh tale with the Israel Defense Forces team taking on a new terrorist Adel Tawalbe (Loai Nofi). In the new series, lead Doron Kavillio (Lior Raz) headed to Brussels and Lebanon for his latest mission. Season four featured actor Amir Boutrous, who was a young Lebanese source called Omar Tawalbe. Captain ‘Gabi’ Ayub (Itzik Cohen) and Doron went to Brussels to meet with Omar in the hopes of getting some more intel. Hailing from Jenin, Omar was the son of a source who helped Gabi previously in killing some Jihadist leaders back in 2002. Gabi helped the family for years but Omar decided to go to Lebanon in his 20s after he didn’t find his place in Israel. READ MORE: Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm As always in Fauda, things didn’t go to plan and Doron found the meeting went awry in Brussels with the commander facing new danger. The show also featured Omar’s sister Maya Binyamin (Lucy Ayoub), who had made a life for herself in Israel. Maya had even gone on to join the Israeli police force as a respected officer. Omar met a tragic end in season four with his funeral taking place in the finale, but the ceremony was used to draw out Omar’s cousin and terrorist Adel - despite Doron being completely against the mission. READ MORE: Fauda welcomed Call My Agent star Laura Smet to the cast in series 4 Actor Amir has had roles in many big films and TV shows including starring in The Crown as President Nasser. He also appeared in 24: Live Another Day as Kareem and took on the role of Mutassim Al-Gaddafi in The Fifth Estate. One of his biggest roles was playing Ziad in the American political thriller Tyrant with the star appearing across season one. Some of his other credits include Good Omens on Amazon Prime Video, Jamal in the Hollywood live-action version of Disney’s Aladdin, James Bond film Skyfall and The Bike Thief. Amir has also had smaller parts in Casualty, Vera on ITV, Skins, Fedz, To the Marriage of True Minds and The Good Muslim. According to IMDb, he will next be starring in The Turkish Detective with the video in post-production right now. He is also slated to be starring in Akelli, which is currently in post-production. During filming on Fauda, Amir shared some shots in between takes on his Instagram account. DON'T MISS...EastEnders' couple torn apart as Eve Unwin exposes affair [THEORY]Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [VIDEO]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [VIEWER REACTION] In one image, in which he was standing in the middle of the set with a camera behind him, Amir wrote: “Missing my fauda family … #Budapest #BehindTheScenes #fauda #fauda4 #netflix.” He later shared a shot from the Netflix charts showing Fauda in the top 10 across the world. Amir captioned the post: “Wow! Just great thank you all the viewers thanks for the support in the Fauda family !! cheers Repost from @liorraz @faudaofficial @netflix.” The star’s appearance in Fauda is likely to see his profile rising with the show a hit around the world. Fauda season 4 is streaming on Netflix now