Britain should be proud of the Homes for Ukraine scheme, but more people are needed to help house refugees, according to campaigners. The scheme was launched last March after Russia invaded Ukraine in the month before.  More than 218,500 visas have been issued to Ukrainians under this and the Ukraine Family Scheme, allowing people in need to stay with relatives who live here. Those who offer their homes must promise to provide a place to live for six months, while refugees are granted three years’ right to remain in the UK, the right to work, and access to some social welfare benefits, healthcare and schools. It has been larger than the famous Kindertransport scheme, which rescued nearly 10,000 predominantly Jewish children from Nazi-occupied territories in 1939. Dr Krish Kandiah launched the Sanctuary Foundation last year to help introduce people in Ukraine to families who could take them in. He said: “This is a historic moment for Britain, the fact we have welcomed so many Ukrainians, who were strangers to most of us, into our homes. There has never been anything on that scale before. “It is 17 times bigger than Kinder-transport. It isn’t just children but mums and dads, it is really worth celebrating. These people have opened their homes and most now want to do more. It has opened their eyes.”  However, he says there are still people in Ukraine in need and others in the UK who have had to move on from their original host. Dr Kandiah said: “Over all the scheme has been a tremendous success, but we could snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. We have a long way to go. The war is worse than it was – there’s more people that need to be here and need rehosting. “There needs to be more on integration and making sure Ukrainians feel part of life here. “We still need people. Back at the beginning, we had 29,000 people sign up in a week, now we’re lucky if we get 500 a month. “The public’s knowledge or appetite isn’t what it was. There are still many people who would love to come here, but have no homes.” Lifelong friendships have been forged through the scheme, which has been widely praised by senior Ukrainian figures. President Volodymyr Zelensky praised the “brave souls” of the UK for their support.  North Norfolk’s Duncan Baker was the first MP to take in a family after he welcomed Anna, 35, and Sviatik, seven, into their home. They have since moved into a flat nearby and have settled into life in England. He said: “When the war unfolded there was an immediate sense of ‘We must help these people’. It has been an immensely rewarding experience. “They lived with us nine months, we helped her get a job and her little boy get into school with my children. “We treated them as part of our family. We would eat together, go out together, go on holiday together, celebrate Christmas together. “It is deeply emotional. I get upset because it shouldn’t be me teaching this boy how to play football, it should be his father and his family. There’s millions of families like this.”  Encouraging others to get involved, he said: “It is extremely rewarding but don’t be under any illusions it is easy. Do your homework and make sure you’ll get on well with the family. “You become very invested in that country and we have made friends. “If you’d have asked me ‘What do you know about Ukraine?’ before I would have said ‘Nothing at all’, but not now. I hope that one day my girls will be at Sviatik’s wedding and they will have a lifelong friendship and connection to Ukraine.” Andy McDonald, Labour MP for Middlesbrough, welcomed Tatiana, 36, and her son Vladislav, three. He said: “This disaster has fallen on people going about ordinary lives. “We had the opportunity to be of some assistance, we had no hesitation really. I certainly would encourage anyone who is thinking about it if they have the space to do it. You can make your own contribution. “You’ve got to come to this with an attitude of an unconditional offer. People come to you and you have to offer that space and have no expectations of them. “That’s what we have done and that’s worked very well. “Give people the opportunity to show their warmth and openness and they will. The Homes for Ukraine scheme tells a great story.”  Nadiia As missiles began to fall Nadiia Borsuk had a choice: should she stay or should she go? Leaving her Kyiv home was not only terrifying, but her husband had cancer and was due treatment. In the end, she left their country with her twin boys in search of safety – and they found it thanks to the UK’s Homes for Ukraine campaign. She has been living in Henley for eight months. “I decided to leave because my children were very afraid. We could hear explosions and there were always alarms going off. It was dangerous. “Not far from where we lived one house was completely destroyed and after that we decided we had to go. “My husband stayed – he had an operation because he has cancer. Maybe after he is better he can come to us.” Nadiia, 41, and her eight-year-old boys are living in a rented house kindly offered by a local landlord. Their host is close by but doesn’t live with them. The children are enrolled in the local school, have made friends and are picking up English well. But Nadiia desperately wants to return to the country she loves. “I hope for peace and that we can go home and develop our country again. But I am worried about the future, my children’s future. The reason I am here is for them. I want my children to grow up in peace and in a safe place.” “Here you have amazing people and you have an amazing country, but it is not our home and we miss it. We have great support in the UK and we are very grateful for this – we will never forget.” Maria Maria Moniatovska left her Kyiv home 12 days after the sirens began. Despite tensions in the region as Russia became more aggressive, she says the invasion still came as a complete shock. The 28-year-old said: “You can see what is happening but don’t emotionally accept it. I was in shock. “I am native Kyivian, I was born there, I went to school there, I got my two degrees there. It is my home and to decide to leave was really hard.” Maria and her mother planned to travel by car, but the Russians destroyed their route out. After a long wait alongside thousands of others, they managed to get a train to Poland and were welcomed with open arms. After applying to the UK she lived in Henley with her sister’s family for three months. She has a job in a doctor’s surgery and is renting her own place. “What the British did for Ukraine is fantastic. Many Ukrainians would not have known that we had such good friends somewhere so far away on an island, but it will never be forgotten.” 