Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are "seeking ultimate destruction" of the Royal Family and not a "compromise", it has been claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have launched several bombshell claims against the Royal Family, first in their Netflix documentary series and then Harry's tell-all memoir, Spare. The prince also took part in several TV interviews to promote the book. Buckingham Palace has remained silent on the claims, while King Charles III still reportedly wants his youngest son to attend his historic Coronation ceremony at Westminster Abbey on May 6. But one royal commentator believes Harry and Meghan should stay away from the Coronation but added if Charles insists on them seeing him crowned in person, "he must protect the feelings and reputation of helpless William and Kate at all costs". GB News presenter Dan Wootton wrote in his latest column for the MailOnline: "Harry and Meghan are seeking ultimate destruction, not a compromise. "So if Charles wants to proceed with naively thinking the Sussexes can be included at the Coronation without causing any damage, it’s on him to make sure that the Prince of Wales is completely insulated from any form of forced reunion or conversation, either in public or private. "Of course, it’s desperately sad that relations have reached this nadir, but that is entirely the responsibility of Harry and Meghan. "The easiest scenario for everyone involved is that they stay away from the Coronation altogether and celebrate Archie’s birthday in California. "But if Charles is hellbent on the Sussexes seeing him crowned in person, he must protect the feelings and reputation of helpless William and Kate at all costs." Mr Wootton said according to the royal sources, Prince William is still struggling to the "vicious intent behind his brother’s book, which he believes marks the end of their relationship forever". The royal commentator added despite the King being determined to have Harry and Meghan in attendance for his Coronation, it would be an "unwise decision driven by heart over head that will overshadow the historic event". READ MORE: Harry 'shivering in his boots' about 'royal retaliation' He continued: "This is the tinderbox environment in which the new king expects his sons to reunite in front of an audience of billions while watching him crowned. The Coronation is Charles’ day, I understand that. "But given he is determined to have the Sussexes in attendance – in my opinion an unwise decision driven by heart over head that will overshadow the historic event – it's now up to the king to protect his eldest son." Harry and Meghan will be invited to the King's Coronation this spring, it has been revealed, with a detailed plan being put together to ensure the couple do not overshadow the proceedings in any way. A Whitehall source told Express.co.uk: "They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama." DON'T MISSQueen Camilla will wear Queen Mary's crown to Coronation [REPORT]Dr Shola accuses Royal Family of conspiracy over Camilla's Covid test [COMMENTS]Camilla subject to torrent of abuse after testing positive for Covid [REACTION] Officials especially want to reduce the chance of the Duke of Sussex and his older brother Prince William being seen in public together. They are organising seating arrangements at Westminster Abbey to avoid the two princes being pictured close to each other. The insider said invitations to the historic event will be sent out in the next few weeks after the final guest list is confirmed. Harry and Meghan are currently on the 2,000-strong list, alongside royals - both domestic and foreign, dignitaries and world leaders. But it remains to be seen if the Sussexes decide to make the trip from the US to the UK, as RSVPs are understood to be wanted by the start of April. Meanwhile, royal historian Robert Lacey believes the rift between the Sussexes and the Royal Family could take some time to heal because of "some very grave disagreements between them". However, he noted Harry and Meghan's during the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last June and family funerals showed they could set aside their feud to put up a united front with the royals when required. Mr Lacey told PEOPLE: "It is almost insulting to ask, 'When are they going to kiss and make up?' There have been some very grave disagreements between them. "But the Platinum Jubilee and the funerals of the Queen and Prince Philip did demonstrate that they could put personal enmity aside for the sake of the bigger cause. And that is what the coronation will be all about."