A Michigan teenager who vanished from her foster home in Detroit was found alive and pregnant in Port Huron a year and a half after she was reported missing. The 14-year-old was found hiding in a wardrobe inside a home with two men who had previously denied police officers entry to the premises. The girl has since been reunited with her father and an investigation is underway on the role the two men played in her disappearance and in potential criminal sexual conduct towards the teenager. US Marshalls were tipped off by a member of the public to search a Port Huron home but were met with resistance from two men who "vehemently denied that they had seen her." Senior Inspector James Watson said: "Shortly after I began interviewing one of the subjects she was seen with, one of our taskforce officers called out contact." "She was pretty upset, she was crying and she was pretty scared. She wasn't sure what was going to be happening to her," Watson continued. The Marshalls said the teen is several months pregnant and was "in tears" when she was finally located with a search warrant. JUST IN: China ready for 'next level' tactics after US shoots down suspected spy balloon Watson said the teenager was concerned about being forced back into the system and losing her baby. Watson sent a direct message to the girl to offer his support in the future. He said: "If you're having a problem, reach out to me. We'll figure it out together. I'll put you in touch with someone who can help." The St Clair County Sheriff's office is now investigating with Port Huron's authorities on the relationship between the two men and the teenager. READ MORE: FBI finds another classified file during search of ex-Vice President Mike Pence's home Sheriff Mat King told 7 Action News: "Who was in the house and what was going on in the house is probably square one. "We could find out what was going on and how long she's been there, and work it backwards. "Hopefully, all the way back to the point where she had run away originally." The pregnant teenager has now been reunited with her biological father. Officials told the Detroit Free Press they will be lodging parental kidnapping charges against the girl's biological mother. The woman had previously lost custody of the teen, who was then placed in foster care and the foster home she disappeared from in September 2021. DON'T MISS12-year-old shot dead in stolen car chase [REPORT]Teen kills herself after she is filmed being attacked [LATEST]Democrats turn on Biden over border crisis [INSIGHT]