Savvy Britons who have exhausted every money saving tip in the book are now looking for money making tips to boost their finances during the cost of living crisis. One of the easiest side hustle ideas is to make money out of a spare room through Airbnb which allows people to work from home while earning an extra income. Half of Britons have a spare room in their house according to research by Property Reporter. Renting a room to a lodger is one way to make an extra income, but listing it on Airbnb could result in people boosting their household income by up to £30,000. The city with the highest average annual host earnings might surprise some as it's York in North Yorkshire, where landlords can expect to earn £30,569 per year. There is a range of stunning Airbnb rentals in York including riverside studios and apartments, a 300-year old cottage and modern flats. READ MORE: NatWest Digital Regular Saver among best savings accounts with 6% rate Bath in Somerset has the second highest average annual host earnings, averaging £29,937 per year. The third highest average annual host earnings are generated in Brighton, East Sussex, earning around £21,725 per year. Cheltenham isn't far behind with average earnings for an Airbnb space adding up to £21,631 a year. Meanwhile, homeowners in Norwich could make around £18,010 a year from renting out a property on Airbnb - £7,500 of which is tax-free. DON'T MISSOver 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform [INSIGHT]State pension age increases are changing [UPDATE]NatWest ups overpayment rates on mortgages - could save thousands [ALERT] A photographer from Bristol told Express.co.uk how he has been making up to £1,100 a month from Airbnb and he doesn't even have to leave his house. Marcus Ahmad said he makes double what he would if he rented out his spare room to a lodger. He said: “I did think originally I could maybe just get a lodger in but then I started doing the costings and I realised that through Airbnb and a bit more effort - ie doing the place up and hosting people - I could actually make double the amount of money I would when renting it. “I’ve been doing it for a few months and it’s been very successful. There's such a demand for it."   Not everyone has a spare room but people could also make money out of parking spaces, garages and lofts. A woman from Cambridge has shared how she makes £30 to £50 a month by renting out her parking space through YourParkingSpace. Depending on where you live and if it's near the city centre or a public attraction, you could make more than £100 a month. Christiane Pearl told Express.co.uk: "Every time a car parked I felt like I had won a prize! I couldn't help thinking about the dull admin task I had just undertaken in the same hour and all I had to do was look at a car in front of my house for the same amount of money." Al Baker who writes the Penny Pincher blog has rented out his parking space. He shared his top 10 ways to make extra money with Express.co.uk: 