Reports emerged this week that Yellowstone could be nearing its end with Kevin Costner’s hectic work schedule reportedly proving a scheduling nightmare. The news rocked fans of the Paramount Network drama across the globe, including ITV presenter Lorraine Kelly who made no secret of her thoughts on the news. “What’s happening to it though, Ross, tell me?” Lorraine asked entertainment correspondent Ross King after reading aloud the reports of Yellowstone’s supposed ending. Speaking on Tuesday’s show, Ross explained: “I hate to bring you the sad news, it could be the end of Yellowstone!” Lorraine could be heard grimacing at the thought of not seeing John Dutton (played by Costner) on screens again before Ross continued. He went on: “Kevin Costner, absolutely brilliant, he got the Golden Globe, he is wanting to spend less time on the set because he’s got a lot of other work coming up. READ MORE: Yellowstone cancelled as Kevin Costner drama 'to end with season 5' “He’s got a new multi-part Western epic called Horizon which he co-wrote. “So it looks like he may be leaving… But the good news is they could be moving on with a new spin-off series. “And the star of that would be Matthew McConaughey, so that’s all being up for debate at the moment.” Ross explained further: “We’re not exactly sure, the bosses have not confirmed or denied but I think I can safely say that Kevin Costner will go (and) Matthew McConaughey will come in. Lorraine, not happy.” The Scottish presenter winced as she admitted: “I’m not happy. “I’m actually not happy with that,” she slammed. “Genuinely. I’ve got lots of phone calls to make today.” Lorraine let out a giggle but she’s certainly not the only Yellowstone fan who’s less than pleased with the prospect of season five being the show’s final run. While McConaughey has been tipped to appear in a Yellowstone spin-off, it’s unclear if any of the flagship series cast will join. DON'T MISS:1923 fans ‘work out’ Alexandra exit twist after worrying promo clueHarrison Ford ‘confirms’ major Jacob Dutton 1923 spoilerHarrison Ford brands 1923 co-star Helen Mirren 'sexy’ According to Deadline, Costner’s schedule meant he’d wanted to initially limit himself to just 65 days to shoot a season. However, with the second half of season five still to go, the publication says sources claimed Costner only wanted to work for one week on the new episodes. Deadline also reports that Costner’s demands have caused “morale problems” for his co-stars. Despite the reports, a Paramount Network spokesperson told Deadline: “We have no news to report. “Kevin Costner is a big part of Yellowstone and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come. “Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. “Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner,” they added. Yellowstone seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK now.