Camilla’s stand against the wokies came at a reception this week for some of Britain’s top writers and, amid much cheering from said writers, she told them: “Don’t let anyone limit your imagination. Please be true to your calling, unimpeded by those who may wish to curb the freedom of your expression or impose limits on your imagination.”  Her swipe at brazen literary censorship comes just days after it was discovered the publisher Puffin had hired “sensitivity gurus” to remove some of the “offensive” language from Roald Dahl’s children’s books. Now let’s be clear about the “offensive” words we’re talking about here – words like “mad”, “crazy”, “fat” and even “black” – which, in Fantastic Mr Fox is used to describe a tractor. But in Woke World, the thinking is that a black person might be offended by a black tractor. This would be funny if it wasn’t so damn tragic. Anyway, Camilla clearly thinks it’s as insulting to writers as it is to the rest of us. And without referring to Dahl directly, she broke with the royal tradition of not meddling in “politics” and said so. And who the hell are these “sensitivity gurus” tampering with the works of great writers who have more talent in their little fingers than these “readers” have in their entire bodies?  Sir Trevor Phillips, a man who has spent a lifetime fighting real bigotry, waded into the row revealing how he was asked by his publishers if he really wanted to use the word black in the rerelease of his bestselling book Windrush: The Irresistible Rise of Multicultural Britain. He was told black could sound “diminishing” and that “people of colour” might be better.” One has to admire his restraint in not smacking whoever said that. Says Sir Trevor: “These rewrites by campaigners border on artistic vandalism.” He also made the very good point that doctoring these classics could actually be a crime and, if he was the parent of a young reader, he’d sue on the grounds that Puffin is now selling “knock offs” of Dahl’s work that have been doctored by some wet behind the ears sensitivity reader. But, seriously, do we really want to raise a generation of young people who’ll have an attack of the vapours if they hear the words “crazy” or “fat”?  Don’t we want our children empowered to challenge real bigotry when they see it, not the soppy kind manufactured by the wokies? Don’t we want them to be resilient and strong and to make their own judgments on literature – and everything else – as opposed to having the judgments of others foisted upon them? Censoring books has never changed attitudes or opinions any more than burning books did. But that’s what these sensitivity readers are doing. They are censoring what our kids read and think. The important thing here is to get kids reading. Then when they’ve done that, here’s a novel thought – let THEM decide what they think!  Thank God Shamima Begum’s bid to come back to Britain has been thrown out. I was worried her apologists in the Left-wing media – the BBC and The Times Saturday Magazine, which had her as its cover girl – who have been trying to “normalise” what she is and what she’s done, might have won the day. They fell for her “I was a victim, not a villain” nonsense hook, line and sinker, refusing to accept that Begum knew exactly what she was doing when she left Britain to join the ISIS death cult. She’d seen the beheadings on TV. She’d seen men being burned alive in cages. She knew women and children were being raped and buried alive – but she went anyway. So fanatical was she at 15 that she actually followed 70 ISIS terrorists around the world on Twitter and was distributing ISIS propaganda to her classmates. Sajid Javid, the then Home Secretary who revoked her citizenship, said at the time: “If you knew what I knew about her you’d never let her back in.” Begum is no victim. She was a threat to our security back then. She still is!  One in three people doesn’t know who Sir Winston Churchill is. Well, they damn well should because the country, the life, the freedoms they enjoy today are largely down to him! When did it become a crime to be a Christian in this country? We’re forever being told by the so-called “moderates” – who are usually anything but – that we must be tolerant of other people’s religions. But when it comes to Christianity all bets are off. You can tear Christians apart, deride their faith and savage anyone who might be holding so-called “offensive” views with impunity. First, let me be clear, unlike the SNP’s wannabe leader Kate Forbes, I agree with gay marriage. I agree with sex before marriage. That said, I respect Forbes’s right to have a different view and disagree with those things. But, more importantly, I respect and applaud her honesty this week in making those views clear at a time she’s bidding for the SNP leadership. An honest politician with principles is hard to find. But we’re told Forbes’s honesty may have scuppered her chances of the top job. Mind you, if the Scottish people (not just SNP members) were choosing their new leader I’m not sure it would have. Let’s look at her rival, Humza Yousaf, who is a practising Muslim, a religion that largely disapproves of gay marriage. As a leadership candidate, Yousaf has been keen to distance himself from those views. Indeed, he skipped the final vote on same-sex marriage in the Scottish Parliament. So between him and Forbes, who has been the most honest and transparent? And why do we readily accept Yousaf’s word that his religious views won’t affect his political decisions, yet not Forbes who has said the same?  The cruelty, the viciousness directed against new mum Forbes this week has staggered even me. The attacks on a young woman and her religion have been hideous in their savagery. No one’s interested in what Forbes’s policies to help fix Scotland might be – all they want to do is rant about her religious beliefs. If this was an attack on a trans person and the trans ideology there’d be hell to pay but because it’s on a Christian woman and her faith – that’s somehow acceptable. In fact, the LGBT wing of the SNP wants Forbes investigated because she had the gall to say a trans woman is a biological male. So there you have it – the truth is now unacceptable. It’s no wonder that Kate Forbes telling the truth about her beliefs may have done for her. But who are the real bigots and extremists here – Kate Forbes or the zealots trying to destroy her?  I always thought dishevelled director Tim Burton was punching above his weight in his long-term relationship with Helena Bonham Carter. He always looked like an unmade bed. Mind you, apart from her gloriously beautiful face, Helena often did too, so maybe that was the attraction? But now he’s dating the stunningly beautiful Bond actress Monica Bellucci who’s in an altogether different league. So what is it Burton’s got? It’s not good looks. It’s not a sharp dress sense. He doesn’t seem possessed of a dynamic personality. And just thinking about the only other thing it might be makes me feel a bit queasy!  It’s hard to write this without chuckling but a shock poll in the US says Harry and Meghan are now less popular than Prince Andrew. Harry’s rating stands at minus 10, Meghan’s is minus 17 and Prince Andrew’s is just minus 2. How the mighty (and the manipulative) have fallen. The poll comes just days after the pair were mocked by the South Park cartoon which is said to have its finger on the pulse of American culture. The publicity-hungry pair are fast becoming a laughing stock Stateside which is no less than they deserve. And though it’s Harry who’s been publicly whining about his family to promote his tattle-tale book, it’s Megan who has the highest negativity rating. She will of course claim it’s racism when it’s way more simple – Americans, like a majority of Brits, just don’t like her.  Okay, so we’re not supposed to use the word fat in case it offends people who are. And we’re not supposed to use the word fitness in case it offends people who aren’t. Some days I just want to bang my head against the nearest wall!