Bathrooms are often left at the bottom of the list when it comes to property renovations, especially if you're on a tight budget. While you may think you need hundreds or even thousands of pounds saved to transform the space in your home, Eszter Platthy, a mum of two from Stockport has shown that it's possible for just £52 with the right DIY skills. The 44-year-old told the money-saving community LatestDeals.co.uk: "We finally moved to our own house in November last year. The house was newly decorated, nice and clean. "However, it was not my style and I wanted to put my own stamp on it. It’s quite common for houses to be painted in a magnolia shade, and that was the case with my property. "I began thinking about colours for redecorating the house, but as a starting point I decided to try out a DIY makeover on the smallest room - the little bathroom upstairs." While the bathroom resembled more of a cloakroom suite, Ezter managed to transform the small space into an inviting and stylish room. READ MORE: Grandad's fury at council over 'towering' tree blocking out his light  "When I was researching supplies and gathering inspirational materials, I knew I would need to stick to a tight budget. We couldn’t afford to spend a fortune, especially on a little toilet room. "I knew that if I was going to buy paint, for example, it would be wise to get a shade I could use in other rooms of the house to avoid wasting any leftover paint." DON'T MISS...Three steps to effectively spray paint kitchen cabinets [INSIGHT]DIY pro shares how to ‘successfully’ paint radiator and what to avoid [REVEAL]Five steps to correctly paint your garden fence this spring [LATEST] After settling on painting just one wall behind the toilet as a feature, Ezter purchased a tub of Homebase paint in the shade "Stormy Sky" for £16. There was plenty left over for other projects too so it was a "good investment". The DIY-lover said: "Already the room looked much better after painting just the single wall and leaving the others the original magnolia colour. It was easy to do as well. "I only spent 30 minutes painting the wall, it only needed one coat and once it was dry no further work was needed." READ MORE: Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ "The other main step was transforming the flooring. I spent some time researching online for good quality stick-on floor tiles or vinyl which were easy enough to apply that I could do it myself." After settling on a grey, cream and light-wood theme, Ezter secured the "perfect set" for just £20 - with enough tiles to fill the room. She added: "Generally speaking the pricing is between £3 and £5 for a pack. I recommend seeing how many you get per pack as you can get better value by buying the biggest multipack. Plus, it’s wise to measure up your flooring beforehand so you get the right amount of tiles." The tiles were incredibly easy to lay, according to the mum of two, who did it in just two evenings (around six hours) after her daughters went to sleep. For the finishing touches, Ezter used a mixture of artificial and real plants which she bought in the discount store, B&M for £10. On sale at the time, she paid just £4 for two shelves from the same shop. After spending a final £2 for a "toilet rules" plaque from a charity shop, Ezter completed the renovation. She said: "My husband helped to seal the vinyl with silicone after I was done. And he put the shelves on the wall as I can’t use the drill! But apart from that I did everything else myself. I’m very pleased with the results and excited to decorate the rest of my house." The total cost was £52 for: 