Sometimes there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. Then it might be ‘withdrawn’ (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. Here are the current items being recalled by several supermarkets including Tesco, M&S, Iceland and Morrisons. Tesco recalls Tesco Creamfields grated cheddar 500g. This is because it may contain small pieces of clear, soft plastic which could make the product unsafe to eat. Pack size: 500g Best before date: 23 March 2023 Tesco recalls Tesco Free From Golden Syrup Porridge Pot because it contains milk which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. Pack size: 55g Batch code: 2252 Best before: 1 September 2023 READ MORE: Tesco employee shares meaning behind new code of fruit and veg packs Marks & Spencer is recalling M&S Belgian Dark Chocolate Bar because some packs contain milk which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. Product code: Barcode 29087570 Pack size: 180g Best before: 09 November 2023 DON'T MISS...Five anti-ageing hairstyles women 50+ should have to look younger [EXPERT]Stop tulips drooping by using a pin or a penny [VIDEO]Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show [COMMENT] Iceland Foods is recalling Mars Dessert Bar because it may contain peanuts and eggs, which are not mentioned on the label. As a result of a packaging error, some packs have been incorrectly packed with Snickers Dessert Bar. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to peanuts and/or an allergy or intolerance to eggs. Pack size: 600g Best before: 23 February 2024 Iceland Foods is also recalling Iceland Takeaway Pilau Rice because it contains egg, sesame, soya and wheat, which are not mentioned on the label. The product has been incorrectly packed with egg-fried rice. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to egg and/or wheat (gluten) and/or an allergy to sesame and/or soya. Pack size: 350g Best before: 10 January 2024 READ MORE: Clever method to cook rice in 25 mins - no boiling or steaming Ella's Kitchen is recalling Ella's Kitchen Banana Multigrain Baby Rice. The affected batch contains undeclared oats which is an allergen risk and make the texture thicker than it should be for a four-month plus product. Pack size: 125g Batch code: 27922 Best before: 5 October 2023 and 6 October 2023 Morrisons is also recalling 24 x 330ml cans of Coca-Cola as they are wrongly wrapped. A small number of Coca-Cola Zero Sugar 24 x 330ml multipacks with Christmas Cardboard could contain cans of Coca-Cola Original Taste. The quality of the drink itself is not affected. Pack size: 24 x 330ml Best before: 31 October 2023 and 30 November 2023 only The Food Standards Agency advises If you have bought the above product and have an allergy, do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.