You and Me made its debut on ITVX last week with fans introduced to Ben (played by Harry Lawtey), Jess (Sophia Brown) and Emma (Jessica Barden). The story is told across two timelines with the first seeing all three going through terrible times in their lives and the second set in the present. The limited series explores whether or not they are able to move on from their pasts, choosing to either let their trauma consume them or move forward. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from You and Me. You and Me's creator Jamie Davis will be very familiar to some viewers as he portrayed Max Walker for five years in the BBC medical drama Casualty. He left the series alongside his estranged wife Zoe Hanna (Sunetra Sarker) who realised she wanted to give their relationship another go and moved to America together. Before this, Davis was probably best associated with the drama Footballers' Wives, starring alongside Zöe Lucker and EastEnders' Gillian Taylforth for a year. Some of his other parts have been in The Syndicate, Personal Affairs, Shameless and Switch. READ MORE: Countryfile confirms death of guest after heartwarming moment You and Me is the actor's first time writing for TV instead of starring in it and was hoping to bring It's A Sin and Doctor Who legend Russell T Davies onboard. But little did Davis realise that he would actually get a reply after hopefully emailing the famous screenwriter. "He's the best, he was my hero. I worked with him as an actor nine years ago now...but had no relationship with him", Davis said to press, including Express.co.uk. "So I sent him this email and said basically, 'Look, I know it's highly unlikely you'll get the opportunity to read this, but if I don't send it, then it's impossible. "So I'm going to choose highly unlikely over impossible and send it.'" Davis continued: "I think it was about two weeks later, it's Friday night, it was five to six, I was on the train with both kids on my lap. "I thought I'd check my emails and then I'm done for the weekend and I got an email from Russell that I will never forget. "He was incredibly generous about the writing and about the script and I kept waiting for the 'but' and he said 'if it's alright with you, I think we should make it'." The 41-year-old went on to state how grateful he was for Russell T Davies' involvement who worked as an executive producer on the show. DON'T MISS...Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'humiliating' family  [ROYAL]Call the Midwife's Lucille star quits after six years [CAST]Roger Allam starred opposite his wife and son in Endeavour previsously [EXPLAINER] He added: "The whole thing, it's been about two years, has changed my whole life. "And for me, everything I am doing now...it has been the dictionary definition of dream come true. "I have so much to thank him [Davies] for because I am acutely aware of how lucky I am and I promise you, my fortune is only matched by my gratitude. "I know how incredible it has been and from that email to now, it has changed my life and it's been a dream come true." You and Me consists of three episodes with a new instalment every Thursday at 9pm. If you don't want to wait that long to find out the ending, then there is an alternative. You and Me is also available to watch as a box set on the network's streaming service ITVX. You and Me continues every Thursday on ITV and is available to watch on ITVX.