Prince William is the “most upset” with Prince Harry out of the royal family says a source. The Duke of Sussex has launched multiple broadsides against The Firm in interviews and tell-alls, and recently claimed his brother and heir to the throne assaulted him. William has widely been reported as furious at the reveals from his younger brother, but a source has now said he “needs time to calm down”. "William is the one who is most upset and needs time to calm down," the source said. "He has been painted as hotheaded and unsympathetic. But I don't think he will back down — it's whether they can move beyond it and accept that they view things differently." However, the source said King Charles III hopes tensions will cool before his coronation on May 6. “It is such a momentous occasion for Charles, and he would want his son to be at the coronation to witness it”, the source told PEOPLE. “He would like to have Harry back in the family. If they don't sort it out, it will always be part of the King's reign and how he has left his family disjointed. “He has had a reputation as a distant parent, and it would be awful for him for that to continue." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry facing 'proper grilling' with Samantha Markle case In his tell-all memoir, Harry described William as his "arch nemesis”, and claimed the Prince of Wales physically attacked him in 2019 over Meghan's alleged treatment of palace staff. The Duke of Sussex wrote in ‘Spare’: “He set down the water, called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. “He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. I landed on the dogs' bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. “I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out. "'Come on, hit me! You'll feel better if you hit me! Do what? Come on, we always used to fight. You'll feel better if you hit me.' "'No, only you'll feel better if I hit you. Please... just leave.'" Meanwhile, William and Kate, the Princess of Wales, are set to make their first official joint visit to Cornwall as the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall. They will arrive in Falmouth today, and the trip follows William’s first solo county visit in November last year. A spokeswoman for the couple said: "The Duke and Duchess will learn about Cornwall's maritime heritage before visiting a local community centre which is going the extra mile to give opportunities to individuals while building a supportive and cohesive community." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews