Arsenal analyst Miguel Molina reportedly blew kisses at his Aston Villa counterpart Victor Manas before being kicked out of the press box at Villa Park on Saturday as the Gunners returned to the top of the Premier League table courtesy of a 4-2 victory. And the pair came to blows for a second time in the tunnel before officials from both teams intervened. Arsenal snatched a dramatic late win against the Villans, despite going behind on two occasions. Ollie Watkins and Philippe Coutinho both struck for the home team in the first half either side of a Bukayo Saka goal, before Oleksandr Zinchenko levelled the match for the second time after the break with his first strike for the north London giants. With the match evenly poised in the closing stages, the visitors took the lead when a shot from Jorginho crashed off the crossbar and cannoned off Villa keeper Emi Martinez before nestling in the back of the net. And Gabriel Martinelli wrapped the game up as he raced clear and put the ball into an empty net following a Villa corner at the other end. Following Martinez’s own goal in the 93rd minute, there was chaos in the press box after Arsenal’s celebrations reportedly sparked furious scenes. DON'T MISS: Chelsea star Azpilicueta 'went unconscious' and now in hospital    According to The Mirror, home analyst Manas, who used to work at Arsenal under current Villa boss Unai Emery, was fuming after Molina appeared to blow kisses at him. Stewards were forced to intervene to prevent the confrontation from becoming physical and had to pull away Molina, who was later seen with a bruised cheek. It kicked off for a second time in the tunnel as the pair saw each other again and, following another heated row, there were suggestions that a punch was thrown. But members of the teams’ backroom staff eventually told the pair to make up. READ MORE...Football news LIVE - Man Utd team news, Chelsea make Potter decisionChelsea shown what they're missing in painful Southampton defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful'   The tussle was addressed by both managers, with Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta saying: “Anything that happens in the stands we will look at it and address it.” And Villa chief Emery added: “I will have to ask what happened.” The result in the west Midlands saw Arsenal leapfrog Manchester City at the top of the league table after surrendering their lead following a defeat to the Citizens last Wednesday. And the Gunners ended the day two points clear of City with a game in hand after Pep Guardiola’s side were held to a 1-1 draw by Nottingham Forest. 