The takeover of Wrexham last year by Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney saw plenty of media spotlight fall on the Welsh side - partly due to the finances involved. Despite playing their trade in non-league football for the past 13 years, Wrexham were seen by the Hollywood duo as the perfect club to invest in. Following on from their sensational £2m takeover on February 9, 2021, Reynolds and McElhenney see their side currently stand in the National League, just one tier below the top four divisions of English football. Now, with a full season under their belts, the Hollywood duo are the subjects of a Disney+ documentary series - Welcome to Wrexham - as they try to turn the team into a Premier League force to be reckoned with. Financial backing will, undoubtedly, be needed if Wrexham - the third oldest club in Britain - are to reach the pinnacle of English football. However, with Reynolds at the helm, the north Wales club may just have what it takes - especially if his net worth is anything to go by. Reynolds was the second-highest paid actor in 2020 - only behind only Dwayne Johnson. From luxury cars to expensive jewellery and private jets to business ventures, the 46-year-old lives the life of a true Hollywood A-Lister alongside his wife Blake Lively. After finding success in numerous films such as Deadpool and Safe House, Reynolds is said to have doubled his total net worth from £62m ($75m) to 125m ($150m) in the space of five years. After Wrexham failed to make the play-offs for promotion in the 2020/2021 season, the stark reality of owning a football club would have taken a minor financial blow. But while playing in the Premier League may be off the cards for some time, Reynolds does hold one advantage over seven regulars in European football's biggest showpiece. Interestingly, the actor is believed to be richer than a number of high profile clubs that feature in the Champions League. According to German-based football statistics website Transfermarkt, Reynolds is wealthier than Scottish giants Rangers (£123m) and Celtic (£98m). His staggering value also sees him top the likes of GNK Dinamo Zagreb (£85m), Shakhtar Donetsk (£70m), FC Copenhagen (£57m), FC Viktoria Plzen (£27m) and Maccabi Haifa (£22m). The heights of playing such teams may come in the distant future, however, Wrexham are already making shockwaves in England's biggest domestic competition. So many times, like in Leicester City’s fairytale Premier League title, Hollywood scripts can come to life. Those thoughts are natural when it comes to Wrexham, but the attention that comes with all of that is also a symptom of a team built for a promotion that proved its quality against Sheffield United in the FA Cup as of late. The Red Dragons will lock horns in a fourth-round replay on Tuesday evening following on from their dramatic 3-3 draw with the Blades almost a fortnight ago. Reynolds was watching on as Wrexham, who are the only non-league team left in the competition, were just moments from a famous victory after John Mullin had put Phil Parkinson’s side ahead with just four minutes left. But Sheffield United’s John Egan popped up with an equaliser in stoppage time to force a replay - and the draw determined that the winner will host Tottenham in the fifth round.