Prince Louis is yet to undertake one royal milestone - one already completed by his two elder siblings, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Prince William and Kate's third child is set to turn five in April. Prince Louis was born in April 2018, with the couple completing a trip to five-day visit to Pakistan when their youngest child was 18-months-old. The couple decided against taking any of the three children on the visit, with Buckingham Palace calling it their "most complex tour" to date. The following two years saw no overseas royal visits being completed due to the Covid pandemic. Like with their Pakistan trip in 2019, the couple decided against taking George, Charlotte or Louis to the Caribbean in March 2022. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry to be 'strictly controlled' at King's Coronation - 'can't trust Sussexes' A no-show for the royal children was due to the trip taking place during term time. Fast forward to February 2023, Louis has still not been on an overseas trip with his royal parents and Kate and William are yet to announce any plans for an out-of-UK visit. Prince George completed his first overseas trip at eight-months-old in 2014. The young royal accompanied his parents to Australia, even meeting his namesake George the bilby at Taronga Zoo in Sydney. READ MORE: King Charles tipped for overhaul of royal properties with Prince Andrew impacted Prince William and Kate's eldest son was left bescotted after being given his own soft toy on the trip. During a trip to Canada, Princess Charlotte made her overseas trip debut at 16-months-old. The couple's only daughter joined her parents and Prince George, who was then three-years-old. Prince Louis' younger cousin, and eldest child of Prince Harry, Archie Harrison completed his first royal overseas tour in 2019, at just four-months-old. DON'T MISS Despite never being present at an overseas visit, Prince Louis did steal the show at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June 2022. The young royal was captured looking a little restless as he joined the family at various royal events over the four-day Bank Holiday weekend. The four-year-old was left in awe as he appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the Trooping the Colour flypast. He was spotted waving and pointing at the planes, as well as covering his ears as the planes made their way over the Palace. The family-of-five now reside in Windsor, with all three children attending Lambrook School.