Leeds United have reportedly been turned down by their top target Andoni Iraola to replace sacked boss Jesse Marsch as the Premier League side face further frustration in their attempts to appoint a new manager. The Yorkshire outfit are yet to find a replacement for the American and have been rejected by another disciple of former boss Marcelo Bielsa as their search continues. It comes after Leeds had approached West Brom about the possibility of bringing Carlos Corberan, who previously worked under Bielsa as their Under-23s coach, to take over from Marsch after the American was sacked on Monday. However, the Spaniard opted to remain with the Championship club and even signed a new contract in the process, leaving Leeds to focus on the next name on their shortlist. Leeds had prioritised Rayo Vallecano boss Iraola as their top target after Corberan turned them down, and sporting director Victor Orta flew in for talks with the La Liga club on Wednesday to discuss terms. But it seems their attempts to lure Iraola to Elland Road have ended in failure, according to reports in Spain. READ MORE: Jesse Marsch could secure new job just days after Leeds United sacking Onda Cero's Raul Granado reports that Iraola has decided to 'say no' to the offer from Leeds to take charge of the team and will see out his contract with Rayo, which is due to expire at the end of the season. The 40-year-old has made a huge impression in helping the La Liga minnows to fifth in the Spanish top flight at present, with only three points separating them and a Champions League qualification spot. Iraola's work on a shoestring budget has made several teams across Europe take notice. But it appears the Basque - who spent his playing career with Athletic Bilbao aside from a single campaign with New York City - is showing the same loyalty to his first club in management. DON'T MISSLeeds handed new managerial option to rub salt into Southampton woundsLeeds interim Michael Skubala details Jesse Marsch's goodbyes to staffLeeds receive answer from Real Madrid legend Raul on replacing Marsch Owner Andrea Radriazzani wanted a new boss to be appointed quickly after the 49-year-old's departure was made official, but in losing out on the Bielsa disciples Corberan and now Iraola, it seems the Italian may have to move away from the popular former boss's philosophy. Feyenoord boss Arne Slot is said to be the next name in contention for the manager's job after the Dutchman, 44, put the Eredivisie side in contention for the title. Marcelo Gallardo may also be keen on the job having left River Plate. But Leeds may find it difficult to attract exciting managers to the club after dropping to 17th in the Premier League, with only goal difference keeping them above struggling Everton. Marsch was sacked after a run of two wins in 17 games and, despite backing him in the January transfer window with the signings of Georginio Rutter, Max Wober and Weston McKennie, the Whites are in danger of dropping out of the top flight.