Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has detailed the transfer mistakes that his former side have made in recent years which has left Jurgen Klopp’s outfit languishing in mid-table. The Reds’ only January signing was Cody Gakpo from PSV at a time when many supporters have felt that midfield additions have been necessary. Carragher believes that the squad has been mismanaged over several transfer windows and has left Klopp with a squad that has few players in their peak years, while their successful side that came close to winning the quadruple last season has not been built on with stronger acquisitions. “Liverpool have either got really young players or really old players,” Carragher said on The Overlap. “They haven’t got anyone in that sweet spot of sort of 25 to 29 and you have to put that to Jurgen Klopp or Pep Lijnders, the recruitment team who have had more praise than any recruitment team I have seen in my life. “People criticise the owners in terms of money, I think the owners have done a brilliant job at the club. The biggest mistake FSG have made I feel is, whether they can control it or not, they have allowed this team that everybody in the Premier League around Europe is saying ‘That’s the model to follow’, they have allowed that to disintegrate.” READ MORE: Jadon Sancho suffered Manchester United 'setback' because of Casemiro Former Liverpool sporting director Michael Edwards was credited with bringing several important players to Anfield such as Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah and Alisson but following his departure, Julian Ward stepped up to his position though then confirmed he would be leaving at the end of the season. Carragher admitted his concern at the upheaval involving the recruitment staff at a time when Klopp and assistant Lijnders are said to have more influence over the club’s transfer policy. “Four or five people behind the scenes who are known as being a huge part of Liverpool recruitment and selling-wise have been allowed to leave,” Carragher added. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag's furious blast at Fred vs Leeds speaks volumesLisandro Martinez scrapes boot on Bamford's head in unseen incidentMan City news LIVE - Chelsea star targeted, Man Utd comparison “We don’t know who has replaced them, we don’t know if that’s Jurgen Klopp in the job for longer and I have been there with [Gerard] Houllier and Rafa Benitez, the longer they are in the job, the more power they get. What everybody felt was a really top team that most people would look to emulate, they have been allowed to drift apart.” Carragher pointed out club captain Jordan Henderson as a key example of a player that has suffered due to the transfer decisions and has come under criticism for his performances this year, despite the skipper not being completely at fault. “I think the issues are they have been unfortunate with injuries in certain positions, I think there has been a mismanagement of the squad and I go back to Jordan Henderson. Jordan Henderson has taken a lot of stick off Liverpool supporters at the moment, Jordan Henderson has done his job,” Carragher said. “He came at 21, he’s 31 and he has won everything. He shouldn’t be playing every week right now anyway and that’s because of the mismanagement of the squad. He shouldn’t be playing week in, week out where he is right now at sort of 32, 33. He is having to play there because of the mismanagement of the squad.”