A jubilant Justin Rose ended his victory drought in the spectacular surroundings of Pebble Beach on Monday to punch his ticket for the Masters. The 42-year-old Englishman took the AT&T Pro-Am by three shots for a revivalist win - his first in four years. He admitted afterwards that he had doubted himself during a barren period which had seen the former world No 1 slip out of the world’s top 75. Rose took a two-shot lead into the fifth day and ended on a six-under 66 for a first title since 2019. “This is just a moment to say thanks to the people that believed in me maybe more than I do,” said Rose. “There have been a lot of people that have rallied around me and I’ve just had an unbelievable week. It was an incredible week from start to finish with a lot happening in my favour.” Rose, who had a second-round hole in one, became the first European to win the event. Resuming his delayed final round on the tenth fairway with a two-shot lead, he was put under pressure by Brendon Todd with a closing 65 but holed 20ft birdie putts at the 11th and 13th to keep him at arm’s length. A tight approach at 14 saw him stretch his advantage to three strokes with another birdie and from there Rose smoothly closed it out with four stress-free pars to sign for a 66 at 18 under. The slow pace of the Pro-Am format is not to every professional’s liking but Rose believes it has helped bring out the best in him. “When you go side by side with the amateurs there’s something which maybe keeps me a little bit more mellow so I have got to learn from it,” he said. The impressive Gareth Bale - one of 156 amateurs at the competition - ended in joint-16th place in the amateur leaderboard. The Welshman said after missing out on the final round due to high winds: “The last couple of weeks have been amazing. People giving me compliments on my game is incredible, they have put a bit too much pressure on my shoulders! “I am a big golf fan and appreciate what these players do on the golf course. It is great to play with them, interact and watch what they do. Just watching him (Joseph Bramlett) strike a ball is something else. “The power, the touch. He has been incredible and he is an even better guy, which is more important. I couldn't have asked for a better partner.” Elsewhere, Lee Westwood has confirmed he will give evidence at the arbitration hearing in London between the LIV rebels and the DP World Tour. The hearing will run all week but judgement is not expected for several weeks.