Shoppers have shared their praise for Boots' £10 anti-ageing tanning drops - dubbing the product 'botox in a bottle'. Customers claim the £10 anti-ageing tan drops give their skin such a 'youthful glow overnight', they 'no longer need to wear foundation'. For a limited time only, Boots has slashed the price of its Skinny Tan Drop It Like It's Hot Gift Set, reports the Manchester Evening News. The price has dropped from £16.99 to £10. Inside you'll get a 30ml bottle of Skinny Tan Notox Tanning Drops, and a 'miracle' brush for smooth, flawless and streak-free application. A single 30ml bottle of Skinny Tan Notox Tanning Drops currently costs £16.99 on its own, while the brush costs £9.99 individually, so buying the £10 gift set will save you a whopping £16.98. The Skinny Tan Notox Tanning Drops contain collagen, which provides anti-ageing properties while you tan. The product description reads: "Formulated with the iconic skinny tan coconut and vanilla scent, in addition to aloe vera to soothe and hydrate skin, and guarana extract to invigorate and revitalise, the Notox face tanning drops will leave you with a flawlessly bronzed and radiant complexion. Upgraded with the youth-boosting qualities of vegan collagen to help regain skin's firmness and tone, this non-pore blocking formula is transfer-proof and long-lasting." Boots' £10 Skinny Tan Notox Tanning Drops have seen hundreds of five-star reviews online. Some people are so pleased with the result, they've ditched their foundation altogether.   One five-star reviewer raved: "Another lovely product. Easy to apply and gives a great colour." Another said: "This stuff’s great! You can have a light, natural glow or add a few more drops to your moisturiser for a darker look. I don’t need to use foundation when I use this. Won’t buy any other face tanner. This is the one for me!" A third raved: "So glad I purchased this... I’m extremely happy and having more makeup-free days with confidence." A fourth said: "Love the drops. Lovely tanned glow and leaves my skin silky soft, fabulous."  Somebody else gave the £10 drops five stars, writing: "I've used other face tanners to no avail. But this little beauty product is a must-have. Mix with my favourite moisturiser. And a few hours later or morning after bed. What a difference. Looks so natural. And I can control as to how I want it from medium to dark. Now ready to try the coconut water on my legs." "Love these drops! Just add a few drops to your daily moisturiser and you get a beautiful glow almost instantly. Great for using on its own or under makeup," said somebody else. "I don’t use self-tanning products as I mess it up one way or another. But with the face drops, you can’t go wrong! They are amazing!" read another five-star review. "I have never been able to apply tan to my face. Always looked patchy or irritated my skin. These drops are divine! Mix with your moisturiser or as I do, apply moisturiser, then a few drops over the top massaged and blended in. Gives the most natural, gorgeous glow. Apply every three days and have healthy, moisturised and dewy skin," said another happy shopper.  A mature reviewer said: "I love them I am 64 and they give me a healthy glow." The 'miracle' tanning brush has also seen hundreds of glowing five-star reviews online, with shoppers praising it for giving the 'most natural, streak-free tan' they've seen. One person said: "Absolutely LOVE my tanning brush. It makes it so much easier to get an even tan on my face and hands. I didn't think 'Skinny Tanning' could get any better but it did." Another commented: "It was so was to use, and looked perfect when I'd finished."