This year's Chinese New Year began from January 22, 2023, and will end on February 9, 2024. The Rabbit is the fourth sign of the zodiac. The signs are, in order: the Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog, and Pig. Examples of past Rabbit years include 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011, and 2023. People born in a year of the Rabbit are called "Rabbits" and are believed to be vigilant, witty, quick-minded, and ingenious. Astrologers from China Highlights have shared more of Rabbits' personality traits, and have predicted what's in store for them over the coming months. There are different type of Rabbits: Earth Rabbit, Water Rabbit, Wood Rabbit, Gold Rabbit, and Fire Rabbit. This year is the year of the Water Rabbit. According to Chinese astrology, Rabbits are usually gentle, quiet, elegant, and alert. They are also quick, skilful, kind, patient, and very responsible - sometimes reluctant to reveal their minds to others and having a tendency to escape reality. But they are always faithful to those around them. Astrologers went on to unveil the differences between male rabbits and female rabbits, saying that males are "characterised by always treating people politely, with a gentle smile that makes people feel that they are credible and sincere". "When encountering tough difficulties, they are never discouraged but instead remain persistent in their endeavors to find solutions," they added.  "This means they eventually achieve enviable success." As for female rabbits, they "have a pure heart" and are usually good looking. Wood Rabbits are clever, quick-witted, selfish, lively in appearance, but shrewd at heart. Fire Rabbits are broad-minded, smart, and flexible, with unique views. Meanwhile, Earth Rabbits are straightforward, ambitious and hard-working, and Gold Rabbits are kind-hearted, conservative, lively, and enthusiastic. Water Rabbits are gentle, amicable, and are able to adjust readily to different conditions. But they have a weak mindset and principles. Rabbits should look out for the numbers three, four, and six, as these may bring them luck. Their lucky colours are red, pink, purple and blue. Meanwhile, their lucky flowers are plantain lily and jasmine. As for unlucky objects, Rabbits should avoid the numbers one, seven, and eight. Their unlucky colours are dark brown, dark yellow, and white. They also have lucky and unlucky directions - the former being east, south, and northwest, and the latter being north, west, and southwest. Each animal sign has its unique characteristics, and so love compatibility among Chinese zodiac animals takes into account the general characteristics of each animal. The Rabbit gets on best with the Goat, the Dog, or the Pig. It gets on worst with the Rat or the Rooster. Looking at the year ahead, China Highlights' astrologers predicted: "Rabbits, in your 'birth year', you are believed to offend Tai Sui, the God of Age in Chinese mythology, and so you are predicted many challenges with frequent life changes. You're advised to be more careful about all aspects of your lives in 2023. "It's better for you to avoid big changes, like getting married or starting a new company. Be circumspect with problem solving and communication, and wear red underwear and socks to reduce bad luck. Your career will be okay if you work hard, and, despite everything, a promotion's likely."