PGMOL chief Howard Webb should sack Lee Mason after his latest gaffe in Arsenal's 1-1 draw against Brentford, according to former Premier League referee Keith Hackett. Mason was on VAR duty as the Gunners controversially dropped points at the Emirates Stadium. The 51-year-old, a dedicated VAR after retiring from on-field officiating, failed to adequately investigate Brentford's late equaliser, which should've been ruled out for offside. Christian Norgaard headed the ball across the goal for Ivan Toney, who nodded past Aaron Ramsale to continue the Bees' unbeaten run. There was a suspicion that the leveller would be disallowed during a three-minute-long VAR check with Norgaard in an offside position. However, there was a surprise when the goal stood after most of Mason's focus was on whether Ethan Pinnock was offside in the first phase of Brentford's free-kick. After judging Pinnock onside, the VAR didn't draw lines to see whether Norgaard was in a legal position. The PGMOL have since apologised to Arsenal for a 'human error' that could prove costly to their Premier League title hopes. JUST IN: Liverpool dealt Thiago blow as Reds learn full extent of injury  Hackett, a top-flight referee for over two decades, has told Webb to dismiss Mason after his high-profile error. He said: "Howard Webb is now in charge of the PGMOL. One of the first things he should do is dismiss permanent VAR operator Lee Mason. "This weekend, Mason lets another referee down by not disallowing the Brentford goal for offside. These are decisions that VAR should get right." Mason was previously under scrutiny for two more blunders in as many years. In 2021, he incorrectly overturned two red cards during a game between West Ham and Southampton. As a result, he stepped down from VAR duties but later returned. But he was at the centre of controversy again earlier this season. DON'T MISS Liverpool owners FSG to give Jurgen Klopp 'significant resources'Erik ten Hag has dropped early Sancho team news hint for Leeds clashPremier League officials have 'worst day ever' with four VAR mistakes After Newcastle United thought they had netted a late winner against Crystal Palace in September, Mason incorrectly informed referee Michael Salisbury that it should be disallowed for a foul. On Sunday, a PGMOL statement read: "PGMOL can confirm its Chief Refereeing Officer Howard Webb has contacted both Arsenal and Brighton and Hove Albion to acknowledge and explain the significant errors in the VAR process in their respective Premier League fixtures on Saturday. "Both incidents, which were due to human error and related to the analysis of offside situations, are being thoroughly reviewed by PGMOL." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here