Buying a property relies heavily on written contractual agreements. Still, one of the first steps to securing a new home is for a seller to verbally communicate that they accept your offer. While it can seem like a done deal when your proposed purchase price is agreed upon, an unfortunate experience known as "gazumping" can quickly send you back to square one on the hunt for your dream home. Though it is often a decision made out of your control, experts have shared a few things you can do to avoid being "gazumped" and increase your potential as the chosen buyer. A new study from estate agent comparison service GetAgent has revealed that a staggering 30 percent of UK homebuyers have been gazumped before - when a seller breaks a verbal agreement on a sale because they’ve accepted a higher offer. While younger, first-time buyers are typically most affected by this unfortunate experience, experienced buyers can fall victim to rejected offers further down the line of a sale too. Colby Short, CEO and co-founder of GetAgent said: "The consequences of gazumping can be truly devastating. Having to restart your property search after losing out on your dream home (and any money already spent on moving fees) can be really disheartening, and so it’s no wonder many don’t relax until those final contracts are signed. "While many think gazumping should be made illegal, there are legally no consequences for outbidding a verbally accepted offer currently - however there are a few things you can do to protect yourself against gazumping." READ MORE: Easy method to grow courgettes that don't 'do well' in winter Though it may not seem fair to let a buyer down after accepting their sale offer, gazumping is legal in England and Wales because a property is only deemed as "sold" when the contract of sale has been exchanged. Until then, both parties can legally pull out of the sale with no consequences. The GetAgent expert noted that in Scotland, the offer can be rejected until it has been accepted by the solicitor. At this point, the seller can no longer take further offers from other parties, unless they end the contract with the solicitor and start again elsewhere. Estate agents may have different policies on allowing gazumping, though these can vary. As the best form of defence against the effects of losing an offer on a property, Colby explained that taking out a particular kind of insurance can limit financial hardship. He said: "Purchase home buyers protection insurance. Investing in this is an additional cost upfront, however, it will allow you to claim back some of the money spent on the moving house process so far, should you find yourself having been gazumped." DON'T MISS...Fed says housing ‘signs of life’ could spike inflation [INSIGHT]Gardening mistakes that can be ‘off-putting’ to potential buyers [REVEAL]Areas where asking prices are being slashed to ‘entice’ buyers [ANALYSIS] Policies can differ in terms of cost, though most cover sums well into the hundreds of pounds for between 120-180 days, and cost around £50 for a one-off premium. If you're looking for a more direct way to avoid being a victim of gazumping, another thing you can do is ask for the property that is under offer to be taken off the market. Colby noted that doing so after your offer has been accepted means that there's a "significantly smaller chance of someone making a higher offer". He said: "If you can show you're committed to the process, by, for example getting a survey completed as soon as possible after the accepted offer, then you may be more likely to get the house taken off the market." It is important to note, however, that if a new offer does arise even after the property is taken off the market, estate agents are legally obligated to pass this on to the seller. READ MORE: 'Clear any clogs' in your washing machine drawer with 'easy' remedy Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Colby explained that the sooner you can get contracts exchanged on your "dream house", the less chance you have of being gazumped. To do this, he recommended getting all of the "necessary documents ready". This includes speaking to your conveyancer to ensure you can move through the required checks "as quickly as possible". Keeping your finances in order is also essential, so you should make sure to keep full accounts of your cash on hand, income and debts, along with securing a mortgage in principle as an estimate of how much you can borrow to secure the property. Good communication is also key to moving house more quickly, so make use of your estate agent when it comes to liaising with your solicitors. They could help to mobilise the process by putting pressure on getting things done more quickly. In some cases, being a cash or chainless buyer can be the difference between securing a property or losing it to a higher bidder. Even if you don't offer the largest sum, being able to move as soon as possible makes you more reliable to sellers. Sometimes gazumping occurs simply because a seller grows impatient at the pace of a sale, so if you can, consider renting while looking for a new home to make yourself more available - and mortgage-free. The GetAgent CEO said: "If you take these precautions and still find yourself in the unfortunate situation of having been gazumped, then one option would be to review your financial situation - and see if you can gazump your gazumper. However, ensure that you are not overstretching yourself financially, as you could get gazumped again with a counteroffer. "If you’re not in a position to outbid your gazumpers, then as a last resort try and make your case to the sellers - highlight everything which suggests you’d be a great buyer and express how much you love the house - as the outcome ultimately lies with the seller." 