King Charles is following in his mother's footsteps by continuing her legacy of horse racing, as he has sent four of Queen Elizabeth II's horses to a trainer in Andover. Ralph Beckett was hired by Charles in 2008, and he is now in charge of training four juveniles for the new racing season in March. According to the Racing Post, flat racing expert Mr Beckett has been approached by the King to train the horses, all four of whom have been bred at the Royal Stud in Sandringham. One of the animals is the sister of the late Queen's sprinter King's Lynn, which took part in the King's Stand Stakes at Ascot last year and won the Group 2 Temple Stakes. Another horse is the half-sister of Diploma, who was trained by Her late Majesty's long-term trainer Sir Michael Stoute. While she was alive the Queen reportedly split her horses between 11 different trainers. Mr Beckett was first hired in 2008 to train the first horse bred by him and Camilla. He said: "When he told me the plan I did a double-take. It’s a real honour and very exciting." READ MORE: Camilla subject to torrent of abuse after testing positive for Covid  Last year the King sold off 14 of the Queen's horses at auction for a total of £1million, with a royal source confirming his plans to reduce the royal racing stock. Charles inherited all of his mother's racing horses after her death, with over one-third of them being sold famous Tattersalls October sales in Newmarket, Suffolk. The source said: "The connection between the family and the horse-racing industry will continue." DON'T MISS:Royal Valentine's and how the Firm spends the year's most romantic day [LATEST]William left 'gobsmacked' after Harry 'dragged Kate into harmful row' [SPOTLIGHT]Prince William has kids in hysterics with verdict on mum's cooking [REVEAL] They added: "The desire is to continue with the traditions and connections with Royal Ascot but not on the same scale as Her Majesty because she had a passion." Every year Her Majesty would usually sell around seven horses as part of the "natural churn" of running the collection. Tattersall's spokesman Jimmy George told the BBC: "The Queen had brood mares of her own, she would breed them and sell them. You can't keep them all."