Susanna Reid of Good Morning Britain and Denise Welch of Loose Women have led celebrity tweets calling for help to find Mariama Kallon, who was reported missing last Thursday. Although the 13-year-old has previously stayed away from her Southwark home overnight and then returned to her Bermondsey school the next morning, it is now half term - and police say they believe she could be "avoiding" going back to her house. Denise Welch took to Twitter on Wednesday evening to share an appeal from Lambeth Police which said the teen "was last seen around East Street in Walworth, London". Denise added: "You possibly haven’t even heard about Mariama being missing. The media don’t seem to be giving it any coverage." Her Loose Women co-star Judi Love quickly responded to chime in: "Exactly!", adding an emoji of hands raised in prayer. Susanna Reid also made her feelings known, writing to more than 905,000 followers: "A child is missing - please help. READ NOW: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap "If you have any information on Mariama’s whereabouts please contact police immediately." Meanwhile, actor James Dreyfus, known for his role in TV sitcoms such as The Thin Blue Line, also shared an appeal. "Please could you RT [retweet] as much as you can to help find Mariama. She’s only 13. Thanks all. X," he wrote. The young teen was reported missing last Thursday after she attended school in Bermondsey but failed to return to her home in Southwark. She has been sighted twice since her disappearance, but has so far made no contact with family. Mariama was seen in Southwark on Friday, and then again some distance away across the capital in Lewisham, South East London, on Monday. Detective Sergeant Dick Nation, from the Central South Missing Persons Unit, said in a statement: "We believe Mariama is avoiding going home and as a result of her school being closed, has been out of contact for much longer than normal. DON'T MISS... JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [DEBATE] Brooklyn Beckham mocked as he surprises wife Nicola in just a towel [PICTURES] Liz Hurley astounds fans in totally nude Valentine's Day photoshoot [VALENTINE'S DAY]  "There is no evidence that she has come to harm or is at any imminent risk of harm, but the duration of her disappearance is a cause for concern. "She is 13 and we do not know where she is staying or who she is staying with. "We do not know if she is in the company of any responsible adults." He urged the public to come forward if they have received any information on her whereabouts, as she is classed as vulnerable due to her young age. The sergeant then addressed Mariama directly, telling her: "We know there are many reasons why a child may avoid going home." He pleaded: "You are not in any trouble but we need to make sure you are safe. We are here to talk to you and to help you with whatever problems you may be having. "Please call 999, speak to a police officer or ask someone you trust to contact us for you. It is really important." The Met Police are asking anyone who sees Mariama to call 999 immediately. Anyone with other information about her whereabouts should call 101, giving the reference 5645/13FEB. Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111 or visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org