Police were called to a home on Walpole Road in Huddersfield after neighbours reported hearing screaming in the West Yorkshire town at 8.02 am on Monday. They found a girl, four, a boy, two, and a three-month-old boy with serious stab wounds at the house. According to police, the baby and the little girl are being treated for non-life-threatening injuries. The two-year-old boy is in serious but stable condition. A bladed weapon is thought to have been the source of the wounds. A woman, 34, has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and was also taken to hospital with serious injuries. The screams heard across the neighbourhood in the early morning hours sparked horror among terrified residents who shared their frightening experience with The Sun. Natalia Skorek, 23, lives just a few doors down from the address and initially did not make anything of it: "My mum heard some screaming around 7am. "But we thought it was the neighbours on the other side because they have kids and sometimes hear them shouting. "So we didn’t think anything of it. It was only later we found what had happened.” Another neighbour, who did not wish to disclose their identity, said the woman had been living at the residence with her husband for around two years and had three kids. They said: "I think the husband is a taxi driver. One of the children is just a few months old, the other two are older." Vincent Jones, 86, who has lived in the street for more than 40 years, added: "I saw the ambulance out there and they were taking a woman away. The ambulance woke me up at about 8am." He told Sky News: "She was wrapped in blankets. There were loads of ambulances and police cars." Detective Chief Inspector Sam Freeman said: "We continue to carry out extensive enquiries into this incident which resulted in three children suffering serious injuries this morning. "A woman continues to be treated for injuries and remains under arrest in the hospital. "Based on our investigations so far, we are not seeking anyone else in connection with what has taken place. "Officers continue to support the family involved at what is clearly a dreadful time for them." Mr Freeman continued: "I would like to remind residents that this case involves very young children and ask that their privacy is respected and members of the public avoid unhelpful speculation which can only increase distress for the family involved." Chief Inspector Rebecca Calpin, of Kirklees Police, said earlier: "Reassurance patrols are taking place in the local area by officers from the Huddersfield neighbourhood policing team and will be continuing throughout the day as Kirklees officers work to support colleagues from HMET." 