If Liverpool’s season wasn’t bad enough, Saturday’s chastening 3-0 defeat to Wolves has seen their campaign hit a new low. The Reds were outplayed and outfought during the showdown at Molineux, with their hopes of playing in the Champions League dented once again. As a result, Jurgen Klopp now finds himself in the spotlight like never before. Liverpool had gone into their match against Wolves hoping to bounce back from their 2-1 FA Cup defeat to Brighton. However, they endured another torrid day at the office as Julen Lopetegui’s well-drilled outfit put them to the sword. Joel Matip’s own goal in the fifth minute set the tone for what was to follow, with Liverpool getting off to the worst possible start. Craig Dawson then doubled Wolves’ advantage in the 12th minute. And though Liverpool were able to stay competitive in the second half, a goal from Ruben Neves ultimately wrapped up the win for the home side. With the Reds now stuck in a rut, enduring their worst season since Klopp’s appointment, Express Sport now takes a look at three reasons the board have to relieve the German of his duties - despite his huge popularity. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Let’s start with the obvious. Football is a results business and if it wasn’t Klopp overseeing the current season, any other boss would likely have lost his job by now. Liverpool have won just one game since the turn of the year - a 1-0 FA Cup win over Wolves. They’ve lost to Brighton twice, drew with Wolves at Anfield, fallen to defeat against Brentford and also failed to beat a dire Chelsea side. Klopp has worked wonders at Liverpool in previous years but, for now, it doesn’t seem like he’s got what it takes to turn the current situation around. What can’t be helping Liverpool is Klopp’s worsening mood, either. The German is cutting an increasingly angry and frustrated figure, both on the sidelines and in his press conferences after matches. Klopp refused to answer a question from one journalist after the Wolves defeat, with the 55-year-old also fixing them with an icy stare. For years, the Liverpool boss has won the respect of the footballing community for the way he behaves. His signature smile, in particular, has charmed many. But Klopp is a shadow of his usual self these days and has the air of a man unable to come up with the solutions for their current predicament. Klopp obviously deserves credit for the work he’s done at Liverpool. He’s one of the best managers in their entire history, after all. Yet if they’re to sack him, now may be the right time given the top managers that are available. Mauricio Pochettino and Thomas Tuchel are two, in particular, who would be potential options. Both men are unemployed after leaving Paris Saint-Germain and Chelsea respectively last year. Luis Enrique is another candidate, with the Spaniard previously winning everything at Barcelona - playing some sumptuous football in the process. And Zinedine Zidane, while an unlikely bet, would also have to be in the running given the way he guided Real Madrid to three Champions League titles on the trot between 2014 and 2016. For the sake of balance, there are also arguments as to why Klopp should stay at Liverpool. The club are primed for a takeover in the foreseeable future and it’s possible they’ll have more money to spend than during the FSG era. Then there’s the fact while top managers are available, does any represent a clear upgrade on Klopp? His record at the club, in previous years, must be considered as well. Liverpool have won everything under the 55-year-old, including the Premier League title they craved the most back in 2020. Express Sport’s verdict is that he should stay. However, the reasons to sack him are certainly increasing as Liverpool’s woes worsen.