King Charles would be “crazy not to ask Madonna” to perform at his Coronation, one royal commentator has claimed. The monarch’s official ascension to the throne will take place on May 6, but so far he has suffered a blow as multiple megastars have reportedly denied their invitation to perform at the concert. Harry Styles, Elton John, Robbie Williams and the Spice Girls have all reportedly declined to perform at the Coronation concert on May 7 on the grounds of Windsor Castle. It was also previously reported that Adele and Ed Sheeran also said no to the historical gig. But while Charles and the royals have not yet secured a headliner for the royal concert, an expert said the King should not worry. "As far as lining up performers for the coronation concert, I wouldn't panic quite yet," said Christopher Andersen, author of 'The King'. "Joss Stone is a friend of the younger royals and can usually be counted on," Andersen told Fox News Digital. "There is also a long list of American pop stars chomping at the bit to perform." The expert also noted A-listers like Diana Ross, Alicia Keys and Andrea Bocelli performed at the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee last year and would likely get invited back. But in the biggest suggestion, Andersen said: “They'd be crazy not to ask Madonna, who has a massive 40th-anniversary tour this summer, and I'm sure wouldn't mind the opportunity to perform for the king.” READ MORE: Harry & Meghan attack backfires after Kate and William take 'kicking' Andersen then told the outlet: “So, plenty of options (for the coronation concert). “People are reading way too much into what really amounts to scheduling conflicts. “It's highly doubtful that anyone would turn down the invitation to perform at the coronation… “It's a singular moment in history, and, frankly, just too massive a gig!” DON'T MISS Charles’ Coronation concert, which goes under the code name of Operation Golden Orb, is set for May 7. The BBC, which is broadcasting the concert, has distributed 10,000 free tickets to the public via a national ballot. The national broadcaster will also suspend the licence fee as part of a one-off dispensation for the king’s coronation weekend.