  Former Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson, 62, was overjoyed to welcome his first grandchild today. The Clarkson’s Farm star stared at the newborn infant adoringly as he shared his first picture with his new granddaughter with his 5.2 million Instagram followers.     Jeremy’s daughter Emily Clarkson, 28, shared the joyful news this morning that she has given birth to a daughter. Beneath a picture of himself holding the tiny baby, Jeremy wrote: “The happiest a man can be.” Emily also took to Instagram to confirm the happy news with her 287,000 followers. Jeremy's eldest child said she had welcomed a daughter on Wednesday. READ MORE: Amanda Abbington opens up on romance after Martin Freeman split    Emily went on to share her daughter’s adorable name beside a sweet black and white snap of them together. The new mum, who could be seen cuddling her newborn while in a hospital bed, gave her followers a tiny glimpse of her daughter. The tiny baby was only just visible as she was wrapped in a blanket and wearing a little hat. "Arlo Rose Andrew. 1/2/23,” Emily captioned the snap.      "We’re all doing really well at home and just loving this time hanging out as a family so will be back online in a little bit." Emily’s friends and followers took to the comments section to share their well wishes to the family. Clarkson’s Farm star Kaleb Cooper and Gordon Ramsay’s daughter Holly Ramsay both wished the family “congratulations”. “Welcome Arlo! Glad you’re all doing well, big congrats Em,” wrote Gemma Styles. READ MORE... Kate Garraway shares rare pic of husband Derek in tribute to carer [NEWS] Mike Tindall admits he will not attend Chris Moyles' birthday bash [NEWS] Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [INSIGHT]    Zoe Sugg (known on YouTube as Zoella) also wished the pair “congratulations”, as did social media star Hayley Morris. Great British Bake Off’s Laura Adlington penned: “Congratulations!!!! So happy for you gorgeous name too xxx.” (sic) Emily Murray commented: “Oh EM! You did it! Huge congratulations to you all and welcome to the world little Arlo - you have one extremely cool mum! Xx” (sic) While Alice Liveing added: “Huge congratulations Em! What a beautiful name. Sending all the love.”      Emily is the eldest of Jeremy's three children and is the first to make him a grandfather. She first announced she and her husband Alex Andrew were expecting back in September on social media The influencer wrote at the time: "We’re so delighted to share that we’re expecting a baby girl in early 2023." The arrival of their daughter comes just days after Emily and Alex marked a decade together as a couple.   