Last week, Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania hit cinemas kicking off Marvel Phase 5. The MCU’s Multiverse Saga (Marvel Phases 4-6) has a new big bad in Jonathan Majors’ Kang the Conqueror, who will be an even bigger threat to the Avengers than Thanos himself. What’s particularly terrifying about the new villain is that he’s a huge group of variants of the same person across space and time. And now he’s been introduced to the franchise, everything is leading up to the next two Avengers movies that no doubt MCU boss Kevin Feige is banking on topping Infinity War and Endgame. WARNING: SPOILERS FOR ANT-MAN AND THE WASP: QUANTUMANIA AHEAD In May 2025 and 2026, Avengers: The Kang Dynasty and Avengers: Secret Wars will hit the big screen, with the latter concluding the Multiverse Saga. Although there are even rumours that Secret Wars will be split into two movies giving fans a massive crossover trilogy. Very little is known about the upcoming films other than that former Rick and Morty writers well-versed in multiverse stories will be penning them. Jeff Loveness, who wrote Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania, will pen Avengers: The Kang Dynasty. And Michael Waldron, who wrote Loki and Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, will pen Avengers: Secret Wars. The biggest rumours at the moment are that Kang Dynasty will have the Avengers fighting the Council of Kang, who debuted in Quantumania's mid-credits scene. Meanwhile, there are rumblings that Secret Wars will see the Marvel multiverse collide into one reality called Battleworld, with multiple variants of the same superheroes joined by the likes of Sony’s Spider-Man stars and Fox’s X-Men and Fantastic Four. In fact, there’s a new report that another Fox Marvel star will be reprising his role in Secret Wars. According to Giant Freakin Robot, Ben Affleck will reprise his original Matt Murdock from the 2003 Fox movie Daredevil. The 50-year-old was cast in the superhero movie opposite his future with Jennifer Garner, who played Elecktra. She ended up reprising her role in a poorly received spin-off in 2005 with Affleck playing Daredevil again in a deleted scene. There was a rumour last year corroborated by multiple scoopers that he was asked by Marvel to reprise his take on the blind superhero in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness’ Illuminati scene. Obviously, we now know he didn’t come back, maybe because he’s playing Batman in DC’s multiverse movie The Flash later this summer. Yet Secret Wars is still three years away, so it would make a lot of sense for him to be ready to play Daredevil again. It’s possible this could just be a Secret Wars cameo with Charlie Cox’s Matt Murdock rather than an all-out supporting role, but there are a number of other Fox and Sony stars also rumoured for the epic blockbuster. READ MORE: X-Men movie stars 'returning for Avengers Secret Wars and Deadpool 3' Aside from Robert Downey Jr’s Iron Man and Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine being heavily rumoured to return in Secret Wars, Giant Freakin Robot claim Affleck will be joined by Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Michael B Jordan, Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield, Famke Janssen, Ian McKellen, Kirsten Dunst, Nicolas Cage, Wesley Snipes, Josh Brolin, and the entire cast of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Imagine all these Fox and Sony stars with many other Marvel variants in a final battle against Kang the Conqueror. Now that’s how you top Endgame. Avengers: The Kang Dynasty hits cinemas on May 2, 2025 and Avengers: Secret Wars follows on May 2, 2026.