With any medical condition, the sooner you catch the symptoms the sooner you can seek treatment. And with diseases such as cancer this could be life saving. With this in mind Doctor Helen Croker, from the World Cancer Research Fund (WCRF), spoke with Express.co.uk about a “lesser known” cancer to be wary of. Dr Croker, who is head of research interpretation at the WCRF, explained: “Gallbladder cancer is one of the lesser known cancers – in 2019, there were approximately 1,140 cases in the UK out of the total 387,820 cases of all cancers. “The gallbladder is a small pear-shaped organ connected to the liver which stores bile (a liquid that helps your body digest fats).” One symptom of gallbladder cancer is an aching or “dragging feeling” on the right side of your tummy. This occurs if the disease has started to affect digestion.  READ MORE: Woman shares the 'smelly' signs that led to cancer diagnosis - 'This wasn’t normal for me' In this case it could also lead to: The NHS also lists symptoms of gallbladder cancer not related to digestion as: If you notice any of these symptoms the NHS advises seeing a GP.   Dr Croker said that your weight could increase your risk of gallbladder cancer. “There’s strong evidence from our research that being overweight or living with obesity increases your risk of developing gallbladder cancer, as well as having gallstones,” she said. “Taking steps to maintain a healthy weight can help to reduce the risk of developing gallbladder cancer. “When thinking about cancer more generally, we know that around 40 percent of all cancer cases could be prevented - that’s around 147,000 cases a year in the UK. READ MORE: New study finds vitamin D lowers risk of death among Covid patients - 'protective effect'  “To reduce your risk of developing cancer, we recommend maintaining a healthy weight, having a healthy diet, keeping active, not smoking and being safe in the sun. “ As well as losing weight if necessary, the NHS recommends quitting smoking and cutting back on alcohol to lower your risk of gallbladder cancer. However, there are certain factors beyond your control that can raise your chances of the disease. These include if you:  If you are concerned you have gallbladder cancer, a GP might feel your tummy during an appointment. They might also carry out blood tests. If they have concerns they will refer you to a specialist for more tests. To learn more about your daily habits and how you could reduce your chances of developing cancer, you can take the WCRF cancer health check test. 