Williams have announced a new partnership with Gulf as they unveiled the livery of their new machine. The Gulf colours are iconic in motorsport having featured on some of the most lucrative race cars.  However, Williams retains their cool blue scheme with Gulf logos only present on the rear wing and nose cone. Slightly different to 2022 is a gorgeous light blue and red pattern on the side of the monocoque. Williams driver Alex Albon was optimistic ahead of the first race in Bahrain, claiming the team was not far off regular top-10 finishes. He explained: "Of course it's hard to say where we are going to be. It looks different. It looks faster. “It looks good, It looks fast, We have to wait and see. It’s not going to be easy. We were only missing a few tenths really to be fighting for points every race last year. Of we can find them hopefully we can score some more points.” READ MORE: Meet America's first F1 driver since 2015 who has billionaire family  Gulf had recently sponsored McLaren with the British team even painting their car in orange and blue colours at the 2021 Monaco Grand Prix. However, the deal came to an end last season with Zak Brown claiming the agreement had reached its “natural end point” The sponsor was idolised among race fans having featured in Steve MQueen’s 1971 film Le Mans. Matthew Savage, Chairman of the Board at Williams Racing stressed the deal was a new long-term partnership. He said: "I am incredibly excited about this partnership between Williams Racing and Gulf, a renowned and trusted global brand, who have put their trust in us as a long-term partner. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton 'dreamed' of driving for Frank Williams [INSIGHT]Alex Albon denies Lewis Hamilton spent £140,000 on star-studded meal [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff leaves ex-F1 star perplexed over engineer departure [COMMENT] Williams have gone through dramatic changes in recent weeks as they prepare for the new season. Former Mercedes engineer James Vowles ditched the Silver Arrows on the eve of the 2023 campaign to become WIlliams’ team principal. It comes after the team parted ways with Jost Capito at the end of last season. Williams have secured the services of hotly-rated F2 star Logan Sergeant who becomes the sport’s first American driver since Alexander Rossi. Sergeant was announced in the role earlier in October last year but was ineligible due to his lack of super licence points. He needed to finish at least fifth in the F2 standings to secure his seat with his fate decided at the final race weekend in Abu Dhabi.