Gogglebox is a Channel 4 favourite and viewers are excited to see the families return to share their thoughts on some TV highlights. Some of the contributors returning include Jenny Newby and Lee Riley, who confirmed the series will be back on screens in February. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the show returns. In a social media video, Jenny addressed fans, saying: "It's the end of the series, it's been a good'n." Lee added: "Thank you so much for your support over the year, and for when Jenny was poorly but now she's back on form, totally. "Anyway have a lovely Christmas and we'll see you all in February." It has now been confirmed the series will return to Channel 4 on Friday, February 24. READ MORE: Gogglebox star calls for return as 'fans crying out' for reunion The new series will return in its usual slot of 9pm and will continue to air weekly. This season marks the show's 21st and it will see the armchair critics tuck into their takeaways while watching the best of the week's TV. Once again they will be sharing their thoughts for the rest of the viewing public to see. The new series will sadly not see the return of Marcus Luther and Mica Ven after they announced their departure. The couple, who first appeared in 2018, wrote in on Instagram: "We just want to say a MASSIVE THANK YOU to @c4Gogglebox for having us for the last five years, even though we had to travel so far for filming (downstairs and through the corridor) it was so worth it. "It's been an epic journey! You guys are the bestest of the best. "We've had so much fun with you all tuning in at home and the hardworking Gogglebox crews but it's time to put down the remote and see what else God has in store for us." Mica, a hair salon owner and mother of four, has kept her fans up to date with her latest ventures on Instagram. DON'T MISS... Gogglebox's Ellie Warner hits Paris with beau after his horror crash Gogglebox favourites confirm new show weeks after quitting Gogglebox's Kate Bottley announces mother’s death in touching tribute She recently shocked fans when she announced her age, saying: "Sorry to disturb you gang, but anyone got any spare sleep I can borrow? "I’m sure I’m Supposed to feel young and lit at the weekends not ole and tired I’m only 44 this can’t be right." [Sic] One fan responded: "You don’t look 44, more like 35. You look pretty." The Siddiqui family are also returning and they took to Instagram to welcome fans back to the show. They said: "The count down is on…..first day back filming today. "Are you ready to see our mugs on your screen again next week??" Other familiar faces expected to return include Pete and Sophie Sandiford and Giles Wood and Mary Killen. The Malone family and friends Danielle and Daniella should also be making a comeback.  Gogglebox returns to Channel 4 on Friday, February 24.