Frank Warren has shut down Eddie Hearn’s suggestions that Anthony Joshua vs Tyson Fury could be staged in the summer. Fury also denied any interest in the clash and affirmed that AJ is ‘dead in his eyes’. The long-awaited all-British showdown has failed to come to fruition on two occasions despite signing a two-fight deal with each other the first time around in 2021. The event was expected to take place in Saudi Arabia in May of that year. However, as soon as the fight was officially announced a judge in a US court ruled that Deontay Wilder was entitled to exercise his option for a third fight with Fury. Joshua was then ordered to face WBO mandatory Oleksandr Usyk – which he lost – placing the final nail in the coffin. Both parties tried to get it over the line again in December of last year but couldn’t make it past the negotiation table. Fingers were pointed in both directions as to who was to blame but Warren claims his side was telling the ‘truth’ and isn’t willing to enter back into talks with that in mind. “I wouldn’t even want to go down that road again,” Warren told Seconds Out. “We wasted a lot of time. I know you’ve got the people who wonder who was telling the truth, we were telling the truth. When you look at it, he never had a trainer or anything so what on earth were we negotiating for to fight in December, it’s just a waste of everybody’s time. “I don’t want to keep going back to Tyson, Tyson won’t even entertain it at the moment, absolutely not. I don’t even want to bring up Anthony Joshua’s name to him.” In a similar vein, Fury told SPORTbible: "I don't even [want to] go there anymore. Finished. No interest in any AJ questions. Zero. Man's dead in my eyes. "There's no business between me and him to be done. Finished. From 2017 to, however long it's been, 2022 - trying to make a fight. So, it's not happening." This all comes after Hearn offered up Fury vs Joshua if the undisputed fight with Usyk can’t be made on April 29. He told iFL TV: “I don’t know what’s going to happen with the Usyk [vs Fury] thing, he may fight Fury next. We would be open for that fight. If Usyk doesn’t fight Fury, AJ will fight Fury next in the summer if he gets through Franklin. How about that? Stick that in your pipe and smoke it – he will. “I have no idea whether Fury-Usyk is going to happen. I can only give you my opinion, but I’m telling you if that fight doesn’t happen, we will take the Fury fight. He [Joshua] will take that fight, he will take the Wilder fight he’d take them all. “Don’t be surprised to see that fight [AJ vs Fury] in the summer if the other one don’t happen, because that’s much bigger than the Usyk fight, much bigger. So just something I’ve been thinking about lately, might be a little tinkle to George Warren, but we’ll see.”