A wild leopard caused panic in the streets of Islamabad last week, footage has shown, as dozens of citizens attempted to evade the beast. The nocturnal animal, which had previously been considered an illegal pet that had broken free of its confinements, embarked on a six-hour rampage, chasing people down the streets and leaping over fences. The incident occurred in the DHA Phase II neighbourhood of the Pakistani capital, with a parliamentary committee hearing held today to discuss the effectiveness of the response.    In one video, the leopard can be seen attacking a man on the pavement before charging towards the entrance of a private residence and vaulting a nearby white fence. Another video shows the leopard scaling a high boundary wall, jumping down into the street and chasing a local citizen. Further footage later in the evening shows dozens of Pakistani residents frantically running down the street as the leopard approaches. The animal then appears to pounce at a nearby man, who after multiple attempts manages to escape the beast’s claws.    Five people were injured during the six-hour attack, of which three were wildlife officials who were maimed while trying to capture the animal. The local police said a female wildlife officer had been the most severely attacked, but they added that she had not suffered serious injuries because she was “wearing a protective jacket”. They said that the animal entered a nearby house after the attack on the woman, where it was trapped in the basement. The three wildlife officials were then injured while trying to capture the leopard, which tore the trap apart twice. READ MORE: Rescue cat weighing 11.5kg is the 'largest cat' RSPCA has seen [REVEAL]    A wildlife official was also seen firing at the leopard in one clip, while other images show the animal causing chaos on the streets. Islamabad Wildlife Management Board (IWMB) workers managed to tranquilise the animal with a dart after several hours of tracking it. After it was captured, the animal was taken to the Animal Rescue Centre at Islamabad Zoo. An unnamed suspect was booked under Sections 324 (attempt to commit murder) and 289 (negligent conduct with regard to animals) of the Pakistani Penal code at Sahala Police Station, according to The Sun. DON'T MISS: Kashmir tensions between India and Pakistan spike after five killed [REVEAL] 'Several armed Jihadi militants' storm police base in Pakistan [REPORT] King meets Disasters Emergency Committee heads [REVEAL]   But an expert at a committee hearing on Tuesday said that the leopard had been a wild animal that had broken through the “forest cover behind Sihala”, which is to the northeast of the DHA Phase II area. Vaqar Zakaria, who is a member of the IWMB, told the Senate Standing Committee on Climate Change: “We suspect that it came from the forest cover behind Sihala where leopard sightings had been reported. We are talking to international experts on how best to release it back into the wild.” The committee members were also informed that the delay in rescue operation was due to lack of adequate and appropriate equipment such as dart guns. Keeping wild animals such as leopards inside private residences is illegal in the country. The investigation is ongoing. READ NEXT: British boy, 14, ‘murdered’ on holiday in Pakistan with his mumImran Khan recalls horrifyingly ‘straight forward’ assassination plotPakistan's Imran Khan recovering after failed 'assassination attempt'Betraying our country isn’t treason anymore - it’s policyMiliband demands UK makes 'climate reparations' to countries worst hit 