Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to two hair experts who gave advice on how to achieve natural-looking, thick, wavy hair like Kate’s. Although Kate’s thick locks are genetic, she does also have a brilliant stylist, as do many celebrities, which the experts wanted Express.co.uk readers to keep in mind. Trichologist Jeff ElZenny from The London Hair Clinic said: “Although she now looks more polished thanks to a team of stylists, even from her younger years Kate naturally had thick, beautiful hair. “Kate has always played it fairly safe in terms of length opting to wear it long, sometimes mixing it up with layers and choosing curls and bouncy blow-dries, which help the hair to look thicker and glossy. “However, you can also see that Kate leads a healthy lifestyle with a good diet packed full of vitamins, minimal alcohol, lots of sleep and frequent exercise to achieve her healthy look.” For those who want to imitate Kate’s locks, letting it grow long might be the first step, according to Jeff. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures To do this, “regular trims every eight to 12 weeks are needed, depending on how healthy your hair is”. But, as Jeff mentioned, one’s diet and lifestyle can greatly contribute to healthy hair. The trichologist advised: “If you lead a hectic lifestyle and sometimes miss out on the all-important vitamins, you can consider taking a multi-vitamin to ensure your body is getting what is needed. “Avoid over bleaching and colouring hair too often which will often lead to hair snapping. Give your scalp a massage as it can really help improve blood circulation. A good cheap choice is to use coconut oil, but make sure it’s rinsed out properly as you don’t want greasy roots. “Again, try to avoid using too much heat on the hair - give hair those all-important rest days to allow it to recover from over-styling. Even the finest of hair can look thicker after a bouncy professional blow-dry or simple waves and if you can get away with wearing both styles, as Kate does then she does have the perfect hair type and is suited to both styles.” Similarly to Jeff, hair surgeon Dr Balwi, from Elithair, also explained that a diet high in vitamins and nutrients can help one achieve healthy, glossy locks. He said: “The most important players to thicken hair are vitamins of group B, D, A, E, selenium and zinc. “If you lose hair at an extreme rate, consult a doctor, especially if your diet has changed or you have recently lost a lot of weight. Otherwise, diversify your diet to include more protein sources and a variety of vegetables and fruit. READ MORE: Princess Amalia suffers 'body shaming' during tour - a look at diet “Vitamin B7 supplements are very popular now, as it is essential for hair growth,” Dr Balwi added. Bleaching one’s hair too often can also damage it, the expert explained, but adding certain colours can actually thicken the hair. He said: “When the colour is applied on hair, as one of its side effects, it raises the cuticle which increases the volume of each shaft. “Besides this, with colouring techniques such as highlights/balayage, you can optically boost the thickness of your hair. “However, remember, some hair dyes can be too aggressive, especially if your hair is brittle. You might need to use strengthening and moisturising shampoo and conditioner.” Washing one’s hair too often can also thin it. Dr Balwi advised considering “changing your hair products, as some of them may cause a build-up of chemicals on the scalp and clog the pores”. “Opt for a cleansing shampoo with natural mild ingredients and no sulphates or parabens,” he said. Cutting your hair in a particular way, though, is an effective way to emulate Kate’s mane. “The most flattering haircuts for those with thin strands are ones with texture and many layers,” Dr Balwi said. “Choppy, asymmetrical, graduated styles with a fringe are the best options for more volume. Also, shorter hair will hold the shape better and appear thicker.”