Sarah Ferguson is set to appear on Kelly Clarkson's chat show later this week as she embarks on the promotion trail for her new novel, A Most Intriguing Lady. The Duchess of York will also be making an appearance at New York's 92nd Street Y cultural centre on March 6, where she is set to spill the beans about her time in the Royal Family. Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield shared on Twitter that Fergie will be filming with the American singer for her TV show on March 2 in Universal City, California. She posted: "It feels like the York American invasion is just beginning…" A few days later the 63-year-old will be crossing to the east coast for her talk in NYC, where according to the press release she will be "talking about her relationship with the Queen and answer a few questions about Harry and Meghan". Her new novel A Most Intriguing Lady, set to be released on March 7, is also said to draw on some of the Duchess's own experiences in the Firm. Some royal fans have criticised the Duchess for supposedly using her connection to the Sussexes as publicity. On weekly royal podcast Royally Obsessed co-hosts Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito expressed their shock at the press release’s content. Ms Fiorito said: "The PR announcement said she would be willing to answer questions about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. It feels so icky to me. And [it said] she would answer questions about the Queen too." READ MORE: Charles has been 'hit beyond hard' by Prince Harry's revelations   She continued: "I feel weird about that. That feels very money-grabby to me and I don't like that." Fergie's new book is released just two months after Prince Harry's memoir Spare was published, which made headlines around the world for its damaging allegations about the royals. Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stepped down from royal duties in 2020 relocated to California, where they now live with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. DON'T MISS:Kate releases behind the scenes video of how her Shaping Us came alive [LATEST]William won't take 'nonsense' from Harry after ‘rude’ Kate remarks [REVEAL]Prince Harry tipped to make dramatic UK return for King's Coronation [SPOTLIGHT]  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are not the only royals fans of California, as the York's youngest daughter Princess Eugenie was spotted at the Frieze LA VIP art show held at Santa Monica Airport recently. This has sparked rumours that Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank are looking for houses in the area. The couple announced last month they are expecting their second child later this summer, a younger sibling for their two-year-old son August. The baby will be a third grandchild for Fergie, as her elder daughter Princess Beatrice is also mum to Sienna, 18 months.