 Briana Evigan, 36, was the breakout star of Step Up: The Streets as iconic street dancer Andie West, igniting a passion for dance throughout a generation. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Briana revealed that most of her dancing was done on a broken knee that was so damaged by the end of filming it had to be replaced.   Near the very start of the hit 2008 film Step Up: The Streets, Briana’s character Andie, and Channing’s Tyler Gage dance battle each other. Their battleground is the middle of a club, with a small trampoline in the centre of the dance floor making for some never-before-seen choreography. The now iconic scene has become a fan-favourite, but it holds some far darker memories for Briana. She told Express.co.uk that it was this routine where she “tore my ACL, MCL, both sides of my meniscus and threw out my whole knee. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes at loggerheads with wife Ruth Langsford as she refuses his Belfast move plan  “It was terrible, it was a really terrible injury to have.” The actress explained that in the Step Up films, most of them were shot out of order with the acting being filmed first and the choreography filmed last. Unfortunately, this didn’t make Briana’s injury any easier to deal with as the trampoline routine was still one of the first to be filmed, meaning the dancer still had to face most of the film’s intense and groundbreaking choreography with a devastating injury. However, Briana was just 20 at the time and this was her very first film and she wasn’t going to give up her “dream role”, as she put it: “There was no stopping me.”     She continued: “I actually filmed every dance scene with a break and torn knee. “They built this titanium brace that kept my knee in place and honestly I’d take some pain meds every day to get through the pain at the end of the day and just powered through. “Then got it replaced at the end. “I fought through, I had a lot of support. I worked with an amazing physical therapist that helped me change the choreography a little bit to make it work for me.” Speaking about her experiences with the Magic Mike star, Briana gushed: "It’s always an honour to be up against Channing Tatum. He was so cool, such a good guy. Such a southern gentleman and just as kind as they come honestly."  Now, over a decade since her breakout role and that brutal injury, the actress is returning to dance cinema with her new flick Ask Me To Dance. But having taken a break from acting for a while to focus on founding her own production company, hindsight has made Briana realise just how green she was in that very first role. She shared: “I was 20, I turned 21 while we were filming. “I honestly was just super naive about it all and so excited. I just jumped into it and life just took me three to five years. “I think was actually a really good age to start. I had enough of a head-on myself that I wasn’t too young but it was also party age and just wild times.  “It was honestly five years before I was like ‘woah, what just happened? I want to slow down for a minute and check in with Briana’.” The mom-of-one highlighted that it may have been her naivety that helped her thrive throughout her early years in Hollywood. She continued: “It allowed me to just jump into everything and fly, it really did. “But at the same time, I think that’s the scary part because you kind of lose yourself and I think that happens to a lot of people in the entertainment business quickly.” Ask Me To Dance is available to stream on Prime Video.