The ITV soap saw the end of Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter), Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele), and more in 2022. It's now been reported Emmerdale newbie Marcus Dean (Darcy Gray) will also be leaving the soap and has filmed his final scenes. Marcus and boyfriend Ethan Anderson (played by Emile John) have been going through a tough time in their relationship lately, and it seems the two will be splitting for good. A soap source has confirmed Marcus will be saying goodbye to the dales. Speaking to The Sun, they stated: "Marcus' time in the village came to a natural end. "Darcy is keen to spread his wings but the door has been left open." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity The publication reported the actor has filmed his last scenes and will be leaving the soap next month. The character hasn't been in the village for long, having joined as the evil Pierce Harris' (Jonathan Wrather) long-lost son. He was convinced to stick around when the locals found out he was very different to his rapist father. More recently, Marcus has found happiness with Ethan, however, the two have hit a rocky patch in their relationship. It came as Ethan's lawyer boss Greg (Daniel Betts) sexually assaulted Marcus. The fallout of this saw the couple splitting up, and Marcus' upcoming exit seems to confirm they won't be getting back together. Will the couple depart on good terms and remain friends? Last year, several stars said goodbye to the show, with the horror storm in October claiming several victims. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale’s Cain Dingle loses custody of son Kyle as Amy takes revenge [SPOILER]Carol Kirkwood looks unrecognisable in throwback BBC Breakfast picture [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast sparks backlash over Will Ferrell interview [REACTION] The storyline came as the soap celebrated its 50th year, and among the victims were Liv and Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton). Faith also died after battling cancer, and Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) was killed off later in the year after he was shot by Kyle Winchester. Current storylines involving Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) have been captivating concerned viewers. Paddy has been struggling ever since his split from Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), who cheated on him with Al. Recent episodes have seen his mental health getting worse, and he will soon be at the centre of a heartbreaking suicide story. Last week, he suddenly left the village without telling anyone where he had gone, and his family were left worried. Spoilers have revealed next month, Paddy will return to his village, when completely unbeknownst to his close friends, he will say some veiled goodbyes before leaving again to attempt to end his own life. Emmerdale continues on Monday at 7.30pm on ITV.