Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury is not a big fight in the general boxing landscape but is certainly drawing a lot of interest from the wider world. If it wasn’t for their profiles outside of boxing this would be just another run-of-the-mill undercard fight on a York Hall show. However, there is a lot to like about it as well. Although I realise it is not aimed at myself or other hardcore fans of the sport, I can see why so many people will be tuning in. Similar to other novice professional bouts the appeal comes from knowing the boxers and in this case that’s a lot of people. You have to have a certain investment in these kinds of fights and given their massive social media followings there will be plenty of that to go around. I personally won’t be tuning into the event as I don’t want to pay £19.95 for a fight that I’m not particularly interested in, but I would watch it if it was on free-to-air television. I’ve seen a lot of people complain about it being a pay-per-view event. But again, it’s targeted at a completely different audience who are willing to fork out such a sum – not at hardnosed boxing fans – who for the most part are the ones criticising the decision. The one thing I do have a problem with though is the WBC’s choice to add Paul to their cruiserweight ratings provided he wins the fight. Now, that is ludicrous. It’s a good fight for the progression of their careers but it doesn’t justify a world ranking. Sadly, this is just another example of popularity selling more than talent in the sport of boxing. In terms of the fight itself, Fury should win it. He has all the pedigree and ability and has been around boxing all of his life. He has a good jab and I’m told he’s a strong puncher, but it all depends on how Fury deals with the pressure. Paul is used to the bright lights and all of the eyes that come with it while Fury’s time in the spotlight is relatively new and that could be his undoing. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul and Fury shake on money-spinning bet ahead of Saudi grudge match Fury could 'murder' Paul in Saudi showdown as Brit tipped to KO rival Haye 'throuple' may be over after Healy's recent social media activity However, off boxing ability alone you’d have to side with Fury and I’m a little shocked he isn’t the favourite coming in. He has decent fundamentals, or so it seems at this early stage in his career, and Paul’s weaknesses play into his strengths. The YouTube star is certainly better than he is given credit for, but he punches from his chest and squares his feet up when he lets his hands go. Those two things alone don’t bode well against someone with a crisp jab. For me, Fury takes it on points, yet in a fight like this where neither boxer has been tested in their careers so far, there are so many intangibles that we don’t know about.