Manchester United take on Leeds United in one of the matches of the season at Old Trafford as the old rivals go head-to-head to renew their rivalry. But the occasion has been dampened by the news that Premier League rules will deny millions of fans the chance to watch the game on TV in the UK. Leeds go into the game off the back of a 1-0 defeat against relegation rivals Nottingham Forest. That result left Leeds dangling dangerously above the relegation zone, with only goal difference separating the Whites and Everton in 18th. But at the opposite end of the table, things are slowly falling into place for Ten Hag and United. The Red Devils are third in the Premier League and are closing the gap to leaders Arsenal, who hold an eight-point advantage. United beat Crystal Palace 2-1 last time out to make it 13 wins in a row at Old Trafford, and that bodes well as they prepare to take on Leeds, who have only won twice in their last 17 games. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag set two targets ahead of Leeds clashREAD MORE: Man Utd could be stung by Jesse Marsch sacking after Arsenal warning Wednesday’s fixture was rearranged following the death of Queen Elizabeth II in September, with a new date pencilled in after both teams advanced to the fifth round of the FA Cup without requiring a replay. In announcing the fixture date, the Premier League said: “We acknowledge the unique circumstances of the teams playing each other twice in the same week, with Leeds United v Manchester United scheduled for Sunday, February 12. This is to avoid potential fixture congestion later in the season.” The rivalry between both sets of fans is likely to generate a fantastic atmosphere inside the stadium but those hoping to watch from the comfort of their own homes will be disappointed as there is no legal way to view the game in the UK unless they have tickets to the fixture itself thanks to a bizarre Premier League rule. Leeds make Carlos Corberan top target to replace sacked Jesse MarschMan Utd 'having mischievous title chatter' after Man City chargesMan Utd run risk appealing Casemiro red card as ban can be extended  The game will not be shown on TV this week due to Premier League rules, which state that if a game that is not selected for broadcast is postponed, then the rearranged match is still not able to be shown on TV. The original fixture was not being chosen for broadcast in the UK., which means that even the likes of Amazon Prime, BT Sport and Sky Sports are not allowed to show the rearranged game to their respective subscribers. The news has left United fans that are unable to attend the game furious that they cannot watch their team, while dozens of other countries abroad will be able to broadcast the game. Instead, Sunderland vs Fulham will be broadcast on TV tonight. Taking to Twitter to vent their frustrations, with user BigIronBird saying: "Why is man utd v Leeds not available on British TV but available in other countries? In the UK we pay the most sports subscription than any other country and it's a complete joke. Your broadcasting contracts need to be simplified and fair."  Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.  JamesMurohyTips said: "Man Utd v Leeds isn't on TV tonight for anyone in the UK. It's available for viewers outside the UK. Yet another reason why people are turning to IPTV/streaming sites. Unbelievably daft that millions in the UK can't watch it for no real reason whatsoever." James Lewis added: "Premier league Netflix they’d make a killing, Man Utd v Leeds one of England's biggest rivalries not on tv is a disgrace." Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether United will be able to take full advantage of Leeds' recent on-pitch woes by putting the Whites to the sword over the course of the match at Old Trafford, although Erik ten Hag insisted in Tuesday's press conference that it will be crucial to prepare for a possible change in style brought on by Marsch's departure. The Dutchman told reporters: We have to be aware of that. When Jesse was at Leeds, it was clear how they play, their way of play, system, style. Now, it's possible they change but it's also possible they don't change. We will find out on the pitch tomorrow and then we need good anticipation on that if they change, and if not, we know what to do." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.