This has been good news for many savers as many banks and building societies have passed on the increased rates. However, many homeowners with variable rate mortgages have seen their monthly repayments go up, increasing the pressure on many Britons’ budgets. Express.co.uk spoke to experts to get their views on when interest rates will peak and how people can plan ahead for this. Iwona Hovenko, Property, Mortgage and Real Estate analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence, said: “We believe that the Bank of England rate may peak at about 4.25 percent with the hiking cycle ending in either March or May. “Weaker economic data could even push the BOE to refrain from (or at least pause) further hikes beyond the current four percent level.” She warned those who are remortgaging may find the rates are much higher. She said: “Even as mortgage rates are seen falling versus the lofty levels at the end of 2022, for those remortgaging they may still be much higher than before. READ MORE: Thousands to get £50 payment towards heating bills over coming weeks  The expert spoke about the ways people could rearrange their savings to get a better return. He said: "The Bank of England has given the green light for savers looking for smarter ways to make their money work harder. “Whether it’s easy access for flexibility or a fixed rate to put away for longer, now is the time for people to move their savings.” At the time of writing, the top paying easy access savings account is with Paragon Bank, with its Triple Access Account - Issue 11, as listed on moneyfacts.co.uk. The next top three easy access savings accounts all offer the same rate, at 3.05 percent. These are: READ MORE: State pension won't rise for half a million pensioners - map shows where you'll miss out  Moheen Ahmed, partner of Hoxton Capital Management, told Express.co.uk savers should take advantage of the increased rates. He said: “Savings and fixed-interest accounts have become much more lucrative. Every time an interest rate changes, look for new rates offered in different accounts. Your provider would not usually increase your interest rate in your existing account so you would need to open a new one to get the better rate even if it is with the same provider. “Do not fall for the loyalty trap. There are a few providers, mostly in the phoneline and broadband space, that will put you at a much higher rate after your new customer deals are done. “Do your research and see which is the best deal, or call your provider and say you wish to leave. They might give you a better deal then.” The central bank has continued to increase interest rates in efforts to tackle soaring inflation, which peaked at just over 11 percent in November last year. Mr Ahmed spoke about what this could mean for interest rates, saying: “The central bank dropped its pledge to keep increasing rates 'forcefully' if needed and said inflation had probably peaked. “It suggests that although the rate might increase, we are near or at the peak of the increase. Increasing interest rates is a reaction to inflationary pressures. “If we see inflation reduce month-to-month, there is a good chance that interest rates will be revisited.”