Cristiano Ronaldo is making life difficult for his Al-Nassr teammates, according to Luiz Gustavo. The Portugal international headed to Saudi Arabia in January after having his contract at Manchester United terminated. Despite being widely recognised as one of the greatest players to ever grace a football pitch, Ronaldo has struggled to take to life in the Saudi Pro League. The forward has cut a frustrated figure and missed several key chances, scoring once in three competitive appearances. After penning a lucrative two-year deal in the Middle East, many expected Ronaldo to thrive in a lesser-quality league and break numerous goalscoring records. Though it appears that it will take the 38-year-old time to adjust to playing in a new league. Though Ronaldo can take confidence from Al-Nassr team-mate Gustavo revealing that their opponents have improved this season as they are keen to impress the five-time Ballon d’Or winner – much to their annoyance. He told RT Arabic: “The presence of Cristiano Ronaldo gives his rivals more incentive to beat the league leaders. “Cristiano motivates everyone. His presence guarantees a great advantage to our group because we learn from him every day, given the great technical and physical qualities he possesses. Cristiano Ronaldo was created for challenges, and he always succeeds. He’s already scored his first goal, and so he’s taken the pressure off.” Ronaldo opened his account with Al-Nassr in their 2-2 draw with Al Fateh FC, though the draw meant that they were unable to pull clear of second-placed Al Shabab in the league. Both sides are level on points, with Al-Nassr top only on goal difference. Prior to Ronaldo’s arrival, the table-toppers were in flying form and manager Rudi Garcia has suggested that the former Juventus star is having a detrimental effect on performances. Speaking after the draw, he explained: “It is very important that the players play normally and don’t always try to give Cristiano the ball. I told them they had to make the right decisions on the pitch. Obviously, when Cristiano or Anderson Talisca are alone and ask for the ball, we have to give them the ball. “These two players are capable of making a difference. We have to work on it, have one of them in the area and maybe the other will play outside the area.” Garcia also recently revealed that he expects Ronaldo to return to Europe rather than retire with Al-Nassr, despite the forward saying that his time in the continent was ‘over’. He explained: “He is one of the best players in the world. He will not finish his career at Al-Nassr, he will return to Europe.” That followed Ronaldo saying: “My work in Europe is done. I played at the best clubs in the world… and I won everything. I’m happy, proud to join Al Nassr. “I had many offers in Europe, many in Brazil, Australia, the US, even in Portugal. I gave my word to this club; only to Al Nassr.”