The series will be kicking off this evening (February 21) on Channel 5 at 9pm. Desperate Measures will be airing on consecutive nights this week, so you won’t have to wait long any of the action. Lead star Amanda Abbington portrays single mother Rowan, who is left resorting to some extreme methods after her son Finn (played by Jesse Cescatti-McFarlane) is caught up a drug deal involving the local gang which goes awry. Bank clerk Rowan will be getting touch with Finn’s absent father and career criminal Patrick (Warren Brown) for help. She will then be turning her attention to her workplace as she plans to carry out a heist which she hopes with save Finn. Although Desperate Measures is set in Manchester, filming took place at an old bank in Budapest, Hungary with Abbington saying it was “quite a funny shift” when shooting scenes. She went on to say: “But the building that we filmed in was amazing – this very, very old, cavernous place, with loads of layers. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  "It was a real bank with a proper vault and when the production team went on the recce they got locked in, which would have terrified me because I'm really claustrophobic, I am not good with small spaces at all. “They were there for about an hour and a half; I would have had a meltdown! But I always love filming in places like that where it's really authentic, it makes the job a lot easier.” On why she decided to take on the role, Abbington said she liked the idea of Rowan “taking control of this awful situation” and “pushing her boundaries” to get her child back. She said Rowan was a “complex creature” and “represents something I've never played before” with the part also marking Abbington’s first lead role. The actress said: “I usually do ensemble series like Mr Selfridge or supporting roles in shows like Sherlock.” Reflecting on how she would act if she was put in Rowan’s predicament, the mother-of-two with her ex-partner and Sherlock co-star Martin Freeeman, said: “Yes, it brought up lots of things about what I would do in that situation. I don't think I'd rob a bank. There is a total of four episodes in Desperate Measures, which will be stripped out across Channel 5 this week. Episode 1 - Tuesday, February 21 The opening instalment sets the scene with Rowan working in the bank while her son Finn bumps into an old school friend.  However, things take a turn for the worse after Finn is unwittingly dragged into a drug deal with the police getting involved. Despite wanting nothing to do with the criminal world, Finn’s friend gets him into further trouble and danger. Episode 2 - Wednesday, February 22 Rowan is left trying to find a solution to save Finn when she decides she’s going to rob the bank she works at. She enlists ex-boyfriend Patrick to help her in the elaborate and risky heist to get the money needed for Finn’s rescue. DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [VIDEO]BAFTA chaos as wrong Supporting Actress declared award winner [INSIGHT]Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show [ANALYSIS] Along with Patrick, Rowan also finds another ally in her friend Varisha (Sunetra Sarker), who agrees to help in the heist. Varisha could also do with some cash to help her family, which is why she gets involved. Episode 3 - Thursday, February 23 The plans to rob the bank crystallise and Rowan, Varisha and Patrick carry out the heist. However, things don’t go quite to plan with some big twists and turns in store for viewers. Episode 4, Friday, February 24 Rowan is left in dire straits amid the heist with Finn still very much in danger. She will somehow have to get the money before time runs out. Desperate Measures airs on Channel 5 this week at 9pm