Police body worn cameras captured the moment serial rapist David Carrick was detained on suspicion of raping a woman in a hotel. This led to a major investigation that revealed Carrick to be one of the worst sex offenders in Britain.  In the video, which the police released to the public, Carrick is seen arguing with officers and asking them what they are looking for as they arrest him in October 2021 at his house in Stevenage, Hertfordshire. Former Metropolitan Police officer, 48, was sentenced today to at least 30 years' in prison for a series of 'violent and brutal' sex attacks on women. After a woman reported being raped at a Holiday Inn hotel in St. Albans on September 5, 2020, police detained Carrick on October 2, 2021, and he reportedly said, "Not again." Footage released by Hertfordshire Police shows him shirtless at his home in Stevenage complaining: "I have only been a police officer for 20 years" when he was arrested on suspicion of rape.  Although the accusation against the disgraced officer was dismissed, it was claimed that he had met a woman through a dating app and flashed her his Scotland Yard warrant card. A judge condemned the "malign influence" of men like rapist David Carrick as she jailed him for at least 30 years. Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb said the disgraced Pc, 48, acted like he was "untouchable" and used his job to take "monstrous advantage of women" over 17 years. Carrick, who was described as a "monster" and "evil" by some of his dozen victims, "brazenly raped and sexually assaulted" them between 2003 and 2020, the judge said.  Carrick, one of the country's worst sex offenders, joined the Met in 2001 before becoming an armed officer with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command in 2009. He pleaded guilty to 49 charges, including 24 counts of rape, but some are multiple-incident counts, meaning they relate to at least 85 separate offences, including at least 71 sexual offences and 48 rapes. Carrick held a handgun to the head of one of his victims before raping her - and sent another a photograph of himself with a work-issue firearm, saying: "Remember I am the boss." In a televised sentencing hearing at Southwark Crown Court on Tuesday, Carrick was handed 36 life sentences with a minimum term of 32 years - minus his time spent on remand. A spokeswoman for the Attorney General's Office said it had received "multiple requests" under the Unduly Lenient Sentence Scheme since the hearing. Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb told him his crimes were aggravated by the "use and abuse" of his role and said he "reassured, tricked or intimidated" his victims, "abusing the trust that the public vest in police officers". "These women are not weak or ineffectual," she said. "They were victims of your criminal mindset. "The malign influence of men like you in positions of power stands in the way of a revolution of women's dignity.  "It is remarkable that with one woman being driven to report an allegation against you, despite your position and power, others felt able to act. "Even today, courage calls to courage everywhere and its voice cannot be denied." Carrick sat in the dock with his eyes closed and head bowed during the hearing in a packed courtroom, where some of his victims sat, and showed no emotion as he was sentenced. The court was told he tried to kill himself while on remand at Belmarsh prison last February and was detained in a secure hospital before being returned to prison after a mental disorder was ruled out.