It's not just wrinkles and creasing that can be an issue for mature skin types, dullness and dehydration are also common concerns as people age. While focusing on smoothing and brightening makeup is one way to make yourself look younger, a beauty expert explained that choosing the right shades to suit your complexion is also crucial for a more youthful look. In a recent video on her TikTok profile, makeup artist Kate Albert (@katelabertmua), shared the mistakes that people with mature skin often make when applying base cosmetics. This includes products like concealer, foundation, blusher and bronzer, all of which can be used for extra coverage or to brighten your complexion with a pop of colour. While wearing shades that are too light or dark for your skin can have obvious implications for your appearance, Kate highlighted other makeup mishaps that can "age your face" when applying these products. She noted that the first thing that could be making your look older when applying beautifying formulas is "not adding any warmth of dimension to your skin". READ MORE: ‘Common' makeup mistakes making your skin 'look older' Kate said: "If you go in and you just apply foundation and concealer... it is flat and there is no life. That's not a good look. Bronzers, contours, those are your friends." While using more makeup to add definition to the face can seem daunting if you're a beginner, the beauty expert recommended using cream products that are easy to blend into your skin. She added: "Start with a cream bronzer. Apply to the back of your hand and take a small, angled brush to apply it along the edges of your face." DON'T MISS...No7 skincare product shoppers say 'reduces wrinkles' in Boots sale [DEALS]Skin tone and face shape are 'key' to deciding on a hairstyle [REVEAL]Kate & Eugenie's engagement rings 'protect them from negative energy' [ROYAL] If you're unsure of where to apply the bronzing cream, Kate recommended thinking of drawing the number three on the natural contours of your face. To do this, sweep the brush from the temple on your forehead, down towards the cheekbones and again down the curve of your face to the jaw bone. Another common beauty mistake that can age mature complexions is applying too much product. This is a fine line to tread when layering up pigmented cosmetics over the top of foundations and correcting formulas, though Kate noted that it is easy to avoid with the right techniques. READ MORE: The 'crucial' step to 'reduce the signs of ageing' Though it is tempting to use more product in areas with prominent wrinkles and fine lines, it can actually look worse when you move your face. The makeup artist explained: "Applying too much product in the high movement parts of your face - and by that, I mean the parts of your face that move a lot as you talk. "For most of us that's going to be underneath our eyes, around the nose, smile lines and the lips. You want to go very very light in these areas." To achieve a seamless finish, consider using the natural warmth of your fingers or a damp sponge to blend the product in as much as possible and avoid using too much powder when setting liquid products. This can move and accentuate ageing concerns.   Kate's third tip was to avoid using the wrong shade of blusher for your complexion, adding that "you need to know what colours flatter your skin". Demonstrating her point with two different shades - one bright pink and another more peach-toned, the makeup artist pointed out that she could "immediately tell" which one would make her eyes "pop" and "be most flattering". She chose the brighter pink tone for her brown eyes to reap the benefits of the contrasting pink hue against her yellow-toned skin. Kate said: "Before you apply your blush, take it in the bottle and hold it up to your skin so you can actually see how that colour looks on your skin. "The power of a good blush cannot be underestimated. This is what brings the pop, so make sure you get this colour right."