EastEnders welcomed Patsy Kensit as Lola Pearce's (played by Danielle Harold) mum during her cancer battle. Ahead of her wedding to Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick), Lola said she wanted to reunite with her mum who abandoned her when she was three. Actress Patsi has revealed she has now left the soap after taking to social media. Although Emma was not present at the wedding ceremony, she was waiting outside for a glimpse of her daughter. She disguised herself and posted some money through Lola's door, offering her support. It was not long before her cover was blown and Lola and Emma got a chance to form a relationship. However, this was short-lived as Pasty has confirmed she has filmed her final scenes for the soap. READ MORE: EastEnders' Letitia Dean amazes fans with huge weight loss Taking to Instagram, she shared a series of photos of herself boarding an aeroplane. She captioned the post: "We're leaving on a jet plane! Don't know when I'll be back again… Going to the heat. "Great news this Friday that my severe chest infection I've nursed since December has now been diagnosed and I’m on the right antibiotics and need to convalesce for a bit and will be right back on my feet!!! "Cannot thank my amazing cast members at the simply awesome experience I’ve had working on @eastenders for being so kind and loving to me. "Big thank you to the BBC the producer's writers crew and the EE family. Costume makeup AD's Ang at the help desk. "Jamie and Danielle for making me laugh my a**e off every day. I love you both… Emma Barton.. so so many people…. A new adventure begins." Fans flocked to the comments to share their disappointment at the fact she was leaving the soap so early. Ladyjazmana said: "Ahhh I wish you were in it permanently- about time someone put Billy in his place!" DON'T MISS... EastEnders heartache as Denise makes huge decision about her marriage EastEnders bombshell as Lily Slater makes big decision over Ryan EastEnders star explains reason Ryan has returned Middlesbroughfc138 added: "Glad U r getting better and enjoy your relaxing trip and Glad U enjoyed your time on EastEnders and shame u left already and doesn't seem like 5minutes ago u just joined. All the Best for whatever U do next." [Sic]  Sean.wallace1972 commented: "You're amazing on Eastenders hopefully we will see you more on there." Joycewest2010 shared: "Hi hope you feel better soon, loved you in EastEnders, hope you’re back your stint was much too short.  "You could feature so much more, boss Billy about and Be there for Lexi, casting crew take note, I’m sure I’m not the only fan saying this xx" [Sic] Roxmuir concluded: "So sad to see you go from Albert Square." She first joined the soap in January 2023 and announced at the time: "I’m so excited to be visiting Walford for this storyline. “It has always been a dream of mine to appear in EastEnders. The cast, producers, writers and crew have been wonderful, and I’ve had a ball. Thank-you so much for having me.” EastEnders airs on BBC One from Mondays to Thursdays at 7.30pm. 