  Tim Minchin, 47, who composed music for new film Roald Dahl's Matilda the Musical, spoke about his unlikely friendship with Spice Girl Mel C, 49, on the BAFTA Awards red carpet tonight. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Tim recalled working with the singer in Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Jesus Christ Superstar.      Roald Dahl's Matilda the Musical was nominated for Outstanding British Film at the BAFTAs tonight, with The Banshees of Inisherin going on to win the award. While Tim proved his incredible composing capabilities for the film, he also has a long history of outstanding stage performances himself. Jesus Christ Superstar: Live Arena Tour, which took place in 2012, was an impressive theatrical spectacle, also starring Ben Forster as Jesus and Chris Moyles as Herod. Tim played Judas in the production, showing off his incredible vocal skills. READ MORE: Tom Kerridge sets record straight as Si King fronts event without Dave     Talking about that special time, following an online revival of the show during lockdown, Tim commented on the surprising friendship he had with Sporty Spice. “I loved Superstar, I’ve always loved Superstar,” he gushed on the red carpet. “I loved that experience and I adore Mel and I miss her. “I might try and see her the next time I’m here,” he added.      Elsewhere in the interview, Tim spoke about how thrilled he was to see Matilda nominated for an award. “For a family film to be up for Best British Film is quite rare and I think I can say with all due humility that it deserves to be there. “I wasn’t very involved in the film itself but I think they’ve done an exquisite job. I think it’s proper, big, joyous, live-action movie musical of the sort we haven’t seen for years - maybe decades. Speaking about the “huge challenge” the film’s creators faced in adapting the stage musical into a full-length movie, Tim described his role. READ MORE... Jamie Lee Curtis and Vera Wang look ageless on BAFTAs red carpet [INSIGHT] John Wayne thought co-star 'arrogant little b***ard' and avoided him [LATEST] Geri Horner and Lily James wow as they lead stars on BAFTAs red carpet [NEWS]     “My involvement came when they rang me one day a couple of years ago and they said: ‘This movie needs to end with a song. And we think it needs to be a new song.’ “And so I got to write another song for Matilda which has just been such a joy,” he added. Tim’s new song Revolting Children has already been a big hit on social media, and has been used in promotional material for the film. Tim was stuck in Australia during the pandemic, and so wasn’t able to meet the film’s full cast until it opened at the London film festival in October.     “I’ve met Emma before, but I just couldn’t admire (the cast) more,” he said. “Lashana (Lynch) and Alisha’s (Weir) chemistry as Miss Honey and Matilda… “Once I started seeing that footage of those two together and how they both sang, I thought we were onto something special.” The BAFTA Awards aired tonight on BBC One.   