There have been many reasons Nicola Sturgeon should have resigned from the position of First Minister by now – pressing ahead with the calamitous lifeline ferry contract that has cost hundreds of millions with no sign of them sailing is one of them, repeatedly failing to improve educational attainment she promised was her number one priority, is another. The list of policy failures goes beyond Edinburgh’s Royal Mile right down to the Firth of Forth. The danger now for Scotland – and the United Kingdom – is unionist celebrations and schadenfreude will deliver a complacency allowing the nationalists to bounce back under a more competent and consensual leader. This greatest danger comes from a potential candidate for leader and First Minister that few from beyond Holyrood know of, a lady by the name of Ash Regan. A woman of principle, she resigned as a minister from Sturgeon’s government to fight and vote against Sturgeon’s Gender Recognition Reform Bill. She is an able communicator and, were she elected by the SNP members, would no doubt withdraw that Bill from its current purgatory and consign it to devolution’s own dustbin of history. She could then go about distancing the SNP from the more ridiculous policies Sturgeon was pursuing from her Bute House Bunker. Daft ideas like the deposit return scheme and alcohol advertising bans would join the gender Bill. After a couple of years of calm using Westminster as a partner rather than the constant enemy it never was – could allow a genuine focus on healthcare, education and transport, together with better funding for local councils. Scotland’s hypersensitive and corrosive political atmosphere would be transformed for the better. The belief in independence as a long term goal would still exist – but no longer rest on grievance but on how Scotland might do more once it could prove to itself every Holyrood decision does not create a crisis waiting to become a catastrophe. What then would unionists do? Without Sturgeon as the focus of their ire how would they defend and promote the United Kingdom so its very existence was not at risk? The Conservatives, but more so the Labour Party, have to be smarter. The United Kingdom cannot be eaten from within by constantly introducing constitutional changes that only serve to weaken it by rewarding nationalists. Instead, greater emphasis must be placed on the cooperative, cultural and societal bonds that offer success to the whole of Britain. When Scotland becomes economically successful again, as it can and will, it must be seen to be because of its place in the United kingdom – not despite it. Only that way will the nationalist dragon be slain. For now Sturgeon’s tempestuous tongue may be tempered but the nationalist dragon still resides in its lair. Brian Monteith is a former member of the Scottish and European Parliaments