Despite her busy royal schedule and three children to look after, Kate, Princess of Wales has an incredible physique at age 41. Nutrition experts at BarBend shared what the royal may eat in a day for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The Princess of Wales reportedly loves slow-burn energy oats, "which keep her filled up and with enough fuel to attend royal events, exercise and run after her three children". To maintain her enviable figure, Kate combines nutritious, healthy eating with a consistent workout regime, the experts opined. "Oats can be great exercise fuel, as they release energy throughout the whole workout," the nutritionists added. According to the experts, the Princess of Wales may also enjoy antioxidant-filled smoothies for breakfast, "mixing kale, spirulina, matcha, spinach, romaine and blueberries together in a delicious mix, helping her maintain a natural glow and healthy skin". READ MORE: Sue Cleaver ‘unrecognisable’ after 3st weight loss  Studies show that oats and oatmeal have many health benefits including weight loss, lower blood sugar levels and a reduced risk of heart disease, Healthline explained. Oats are "among the healthiest grains on earth", they are a gluten-free whole grain and a great source of important vitamins, minerals, fibre and antioxidants. Oatmeal is "very filling and may help you lose weight," the health site added. Not only is oatmeal, or porridge, "a delicious breakfast food, it’s also very filling". Eating filling foods can help people eat fewer calories and lose weight as it delays the time it takes your stomach to empty of food.  The experts commented that Kate will likely continue with "the antioxidant-rich theme of her breakfast", and opt for organic foods for lunch. Including as many raw ingredients as possible is essential and watermelon salads, for example, are a great option. "Include juicy pink watermelon mixed with avocado, onion, cucumber, and feta cheese – the perfect mix of sweet and savoury!" the experts suggested. Vegetable kebabs and lentil curry are other good options for lunch when following a healthy and balanced meal plan. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert For snacks, the nutrition experts explained that Kate will likely choose "raw fruit and vegetables, including goji berries". "She is also known to reach for popcorn, which can be a delightful low-calorie snack to keep you going in between meals, if not seasoned with too much sugar," they opined. Kate once said while visiting the Great Ormand Street Hospital that "she ate lots of olives when she was little, so we can safely say that this cholesterol-lowering snack is likely still a favourite of Kate. " The Princess of Wales is known to indulge in traditional English favourites for dinner, "including the staple of roast chicken," the experts commented. Kate also enjoys cooking with her children, making pizza, pasta and baking cakes, as she has previously said. Kate reportedly loves sticky toffee pudding, according to former royal chef Darren McGrady, who claimed that it was "her favourite" dessert. When following a diet plan, moderation is key and although slimmers should try to follow a healthy and varied diet and opt for healthy choices, the occasional treat is also allowed.