  Jimmy Akingbola, 44, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk at the BAFTA Awards on Sunday about his role in Ted Lasso ahead of the show’s third and final season. The actor, who also appears in new thriller Rogue Agent and popular show Bel-Air, suggested he would like to reprise his role on the hit Apple TV+ series.      In the first season of Ted Lasso, Jimmy played Ollie the chauffeur, who appeared in the very first episode. Ollie picks Ted Lasso (Jason Sudeikis) and Coach Beard (Brendan Hunt) from the airport to take them to AFC Richmond, via some London landmarks such as Tower Bridge. He also invites Ted back to his father-in-law's restaurant one evening to try their Indian food, which the coach dutifully compliments despite finding it far too spicey for his taste. He is also introduced to Trent Crimm (James Lance) - a sceptical journalist who becomes won over by Ted’s sincerity and charm. READ MORE: Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears'     Speaking on the red carpet about his role in the show, Jimmy suggested he would be keen to return as Ollie before the series ends. “I don’t know, maybe my character Ollie might pop back,” he teased cryptically, “You never know.” Pressed on whether he might return, he added: “I’d be up for it! Talk to Jason.” Asked what it has been like to see the show grow in popularity over the last few years, he said: “I mean, when we were making the first season, I saw it.      “My scenes were with Jason, who is a comic genius, and I was just like, ‘This is going to hit.’ “But I didn’t think it was going to hit the way it hit, because nobody knew about the pandemic. “I think there was something about everyone being at home and needing something light. “You know what I mean? That fish out of water story. That feel-good story. And that’s what Ted Lasso is.” READ MORE... Louie Spence thinks mum is 'haunting' him after 'cooking' her ashes [NEWS] Jon Snow states 'I wasn’t leftie enough' for brother in rare insight  [LATEST] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle piece framed by Martin Roberts [INSIGHT]     Jimmy went on to credit his pal Sarah Niles, who plays therapist Dr. Sharon Fieldstone on the show. “My friend Sarah Niles is in it as well and she’s been nominated for an Emmy! I’m just so proud of everyone on the show.” Jimmy also stars beside Gemma Arterton as Andrew and Alice in Adam Patterson and Declan Lawn's new film Rogue Agent. The Netflix movie follows a conman, played by James Norton, who tricks and convinces several people he’s an MI5 agent, before Alice brings him down.      Elsewhere in the interview, Jimmy spoke about starring alongside James and Gemma in the film. “It was a dream working with Gemma Arterton and James Norton,” he confirmed. “I mean, it was so fun shooting our scenes together. Obviously, my character wasn’t the nicest. Actually, he was a nice guy but then he had to do what he needed to do. “But watching those two work together - two amazing professionals that I had looked up to - it was just such a joy.”   