March marks the beginning of spring with more hours of daylight, more sunlight and warmer temperatures. It's also the start of the spring gardening season with gardeners sowing seeds and planting ready for the warmer summer months. March is about ensuring your garden is healthy, tidy and bountiful ready to show off to your guests in the summer. From tidying up the garden after the winter months, to planting new vegetables, there is something for everyone to be working on. With this in mind, gardening expert and director of Easy Garden Irrigation, Sean Lade, has shared the jobs gardeners should be doing in March to achieve an organised and attractive spring garden display. Sean said: “Spring is here, and there is lots to be done around the garden. It’s not too late to plant cool-season vegetables, and it’s the perfect time to begin planting indoors and outdoors. "Start sowing lettuce outdoors for a fresh summer crop. Be sure to mulch anything you plant outdoors this time of year - it will protect the roots from any damage and help keep them nice and moist." READ MORE: ‘Fluff up’ hard towels in the washing machine using common £1 staple Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea These are Sean's gardening jobs to do in March: 1. Plant cool-season vegetables March is a good time to plant cool-season vegetables such as peas, lettuce, and broccoli. If temperatures are not too cold, chillies and tomatoes can be sown. However, sow them in a greenhouse or indoors in early to mid-March. They can be sown outdoors from the end of March to the beginning of April. 2. Start seeds indoors If you want to start your own plants from seed, March is a good time to start seeds indoors. DON'T MISSFive ‘dangerous’ log burner mistakes you need to ‘avoid’ [INSIGHT]Five ‘big mistakes’ made when washing bed sheets [UPDATE]38p item ‘miraculously’ removes ‘impossible’ yellow toilet seat stains [ANALYSIS] Dahlias, cleome, cosmos, salvias, petunias and celosias can all be sown indoors in March. 3. Apply mulch Adding a layer of mulch around your plants can help retain moisture and suppress weeds. In the coming weeks, your greenhouse will be used more frequently as you sow seeds and plant seedlings. To keep it looking its best, scrub it with hot soapy water. This will allow light in and get rid of any pesticides lurking about. READ MORE: Gardener shares ‘godsend’ tip to eliminate paving weeds naturally Sean added: "It’s time to start using the greenhouse, so giving it a good scrub with hot soapy water in and out is always beneficial. This will allow full light exposure and wash away any pesticides." 5. Repair damaged lawns Over the winter months, lawns can become damaged from frost, extreme weather conditions and more. March is a good time to repair damaged lawns by reseeding or laying new turf. 6. Check and repair garden structures March is a good time to check and repair garden structures. Sean said: "It may be a good time to repair any structures that may have come down or been damaged throughout the winter, such as trellises and fences." 7. Plan your garden If you haven't already done so, now is a good time to plan what you want to plant in your garden this year. Sean said: "Take a moment and plan the layout of your garden this year. "Are you adding any new beds or pots? Are you going to have a move around? It’s a good time to start clearing space if you are going to do so." 8. Start a compost bin If you don't already have one, consider starting a compost bin to recycle your food and garden waste to create compost full of nutrients.