Saturday Kitchen returned to BBC One with comedian Jo Brand as the special celebrity guest. She introduced her ideas of food heaven and hell before Matt Tebbutt asked her to help him prepare a dish. However, admitting she wasn't a fan of cooking, she turned down one of the tasks. As Jo recalled a story from her past she said: "I borrowed a friend's car and we got reversed into by a French Juggernaut at a service station. "Punctured our radiator and took out the headlights... I carried on though." Matt suggested: "I'm not sure that's road legal but there we go." Jo reassured him: "That was years ago," as he carried on prepping the vegetables for the dish. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future She joked: "Can I just say also, my husband, if he's watching this, will have fainted by now seeing me in the kitchen. "It's a rare sight, he is much better at cooking than I am." Matt said: "Right, let's impress him then," as he asked her to chop up some fruit. Jo interrupted: "Eugh, fruit," which left Matt taken aback as he questioned: "Really?!" He chopped the citrus fruit in half for her as Jo explained: "You know I would cut myself so thanks for doing that." Matt then admitted: "I have been told by the producers 'cut it, cut it'," as he gestured to his earpiece. Jo then proceeded to pick up the knife and pretend to aim it at Matt before saying: "No I won't do that, sorry, health and safety." Elsewhere on the show, chefs Anna Haugh and Gennaro Contaldo cooked up some sweet and savoury dishes. DON'T MISS... Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'failed miserably' Naga Munchetty roasts Matt Tebbutt over 'dressing down' in shirt jibe Saturday Kitchen fans distracted by Robson Green's accent Meanwhile, Olly Smith was in the studio to offer up the perfect wine pairing for the meals. He introduced comedian Jo as "frankly, a legend of the comedy scene", and it was her third time on the show. When Matt asked her if she was hungry she joked: "Not really if I'm honest, but I'm sure I can force something down." Gennaro made a Pizzaiola sauce-based dish using mackerel, with Anna making a rhubarb and custard mousse dessert. Explaining what her food heaven and hell dishes would be, Jo explained: "Food heaven is very simple and straightforward. "It's like a cheese and potato pie." She also requested the dish to come with a side salad. For hell, she said: "Hell is beef stew which may sound a bit unusual but it's all based on the hideous time I had at primary school dinners. "It wasn't really stew, it was a grey liquid with bits of an animal you couldn't identify in it."  Saturday Kitchen airs on BBC One on Saturdays from 10am.