Nadine Dorries has announced she will be standing down as an MP at the next election. The former Culture Secretary fought back tears as she made the announcement, saying the decision took "much soul-searching". While she said she loves the job, Ms Dorries said she wants to distance herself from the infighting she believes is plaguing the Tory Party. The MP for Mid-Bedfordshire, who served as Culture Secretary under Boris Johnson, warned that the Conservative Party's election prospects are "terminal". She added: "Given the poll rating of the Conservative Party, we are now likely to go to the wire in January 2025." Speaking on her new television show with TalkTV - to be aired tomorrow evening at 8pm - Ms Dorries said: "I love my constituents and I've loved serving them - it's been such an honour for the best part of two decades of my life." She also hit out at the Tories who "plotted" to oust Boris Johnson for causing "infighting" and "stupidity".   The MP slammed "faux political intellectuals" who "bet everything on a Rishi bounce", which she said "never came". Ms Dorries said: "That's the worst, weakest, and least attractive position for any Government to find itself in. "There is no way on God’s earth that those who plotted to depose Boris Johnson expected to be in the position we’re in today. "The Conservatives are polling worse now than in 1997 when they were thrashed by Labour."   The former Culture Secretary said Mr Johnson begged her to stay, telling Talk TV: "He doesn’t want me to go… he said, ‘Nads stay'." Ms Dorries is a longtime ally of Mr Johnson and has been a critic of Rishi Sunak's government since he entered Number 10. Parliament's anti-corruption watchdog said the Mid Bedfordshire MP broke the ministerial code by not consulting it before she took the job presenting a show on Talk TV. Ms Dorries, who is writing a book about the downfall of Mr Johnson, has held the Mid Bedfordshire seat since 2005.   She was elected with a majority of more than 24,000 at the 2019 election. The former nurse, from Liverpool, described "the lack of cohesion, the infighting and occasionally the sheer stupidity from those who think we could remove a sitting Prime Minister, who secured a higher percentage of the vote share than Tony Blair did in 1997, just three short years ago".