Tyson Fury has warned his dad John not to start any fights with Jake Paul’s team during his son Tommy’s grudge match in Saudi Arabia. Tommy and Jake square off at the Diriyah Arena after eighteen months of waiting and two failed attempts to make the fight happen. John, known for his trash talk, has had several run-ins with The Problem Child over the years and Tyson is keen to ensure that another one doesn’t happen during the eight-round showdown. Surrounded by members of the Fury clan, The Gypsy King gave his brother's team a pep talk in similar style to a scene in Peaky Blinders, where main character Tommy Shelby orders his family not to fight anyone. "Right it's Tommy's fight day, there is no fighting," shouted Tyson during the video which was uploaded to his social media channels. "No fighting Hughie, no fighting James and no fighting Shane. And most of all no fighting John." To which, Fury Sr retorted: "If someone gets in my face I am knocking them out. I don't care I mean what I say." The lineal heavyweight champion then replied: "I don't care; it is Tommy's fights day let's keep it on our best behaviour. Let's show them over here how good we can be." Following Tommy’s last bout against Rolly Lambert on the Floyd Mayweather vs Deji Olatunji undercard in Dubai, John and Paul got into it at ringside. Paul had been drafted in as a guest commentator for the fight and continually clowned his rival throughout the non-scoring contest. Taking exception to Paul’s disrespect, John proceeded to rip off his shirt and lunge over the ropes at the ex-Disney star in a bizarre altercation. "Come on here," he ranted. "Forget my son. I'm the king of the bare-knuckle man." As he continued to threaten Paul. Armed with a microphone, the American quipped: "John nobody likes you. You're embarrassing. You're a fat, miserable old man.” But Fury Sr wasn’t willing to let it go and continued to fire verbal jabs at Paul during the post-fight press conference. Sitting next to his son, he shouted: "He's (Paul) got a lot to say hasn't he. I always say men meet before mountains. I've had hundreds of fights, altercations in public car parks, in the ring whatever, and I'll throw down. I'm probably as strong as three men." Bizarrely, John has since gone on to admit that he likes Paul and says he has no personal problem with the YouTuber-turned-boxer.