Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag hinted at a new role for Jadon Sancho as he made his return in the Red Devils' 2-0 Carabao Cup win over Nottingham Forest on Wednesday evening. Anthony Martial and Fred got the goals to seal their place in the final at the end of the month against Newcastle. The England winger made his first United appearance since the 1-1 draw away to Chelsea at the end of October, having trained individually following the World Cup and only recently returned to the squad. Sancho has predominantly played out wide since arriving from Borussia Dortmund in 2021, but came on as a second half substitute against Forest to play centrally, which he could do more often under Ten Hag judging by his post-match comments. "Jadon [Sancho], I know he can play as a 10 and a winger," Ten Had told Sky Sports. "We can mix it often and that is what I like." Though the United boss was not totally pleased with his side's performance, especially in a lethargic first half which was slated by Roy Keane. "Of course when you win a semi-final it's OK," Ten Hag added. "The first half wasn't great to be honest. I thought it was professional but too slow and we didn't create too many chances. We allowed them to. The second half was much better, more tempo and we made some good goals. "We were 3-0 up so I didn't want to give them momentum. They were waiting for one chance to get into the game. We were searching for gaps but I think Forest played well, defended compact and we didn't find the gaps. "I don't think we were frustrated but we had to be a little bit smart. You don't want to give anything away so keep the ball. We should have done more investment like quicker switches and movement in behind.   "We just want to improve every day. I think we have a good squad so we have to demand and control the high standards. You have to bring that every game. We are Manchester United. When you are a United player you have to match the standards." Sancho was one of the options off the bench that Ten Hag was pleased with, and Sancho was visibly happy on the sideline as he prepared to come on. "We have had to make lots of compromises in the season so far so hopefully now they [all players back from injuries] are all available," the boss said. "If you want to win trophies, you need them all to be available. You saw tonight you can bring a new dynamic off the bench. "It's a luxury problem [having several options in the squad] but it's how we wanted it. It's normal at Manchester United to play every few days. Players prefer to play games than to train." 