A mum has recalled the last conversation she had with her son just hours before he was found "screaming for help" after he had been stabbed. Callum Riley, from Heywood, Greater Manchester, was just 17 when he died from fatal stab wounds back in September last year. His mother, Tracy Marsland, said she had told her son to "be careful", something she'd "always say" before he headed on a night out.  The 17-year-old was found badly injured and 'screaming for help' in the garden of a house in Atholl Drive in the early hours of September 17 of last year, the MEN reports. The teen died a short time later, with a murder probe being launched. Three people have since been arrested on suspicion of his murder but, five months on from Callum's death, no one has been charged. The groundworker had finished for the day and was due to meet his girlfriend. He returned home and went to get ready for a night out with friends. As he headed out, Ms Marsland recalled her son seeming 'happy and excited' for the evening ahead. "His last words were 'I love you mum' with that beautiful smile," she said. "I said 'have a good night and be careful'. I always said that to him. Off he went and I didn't see him again."   The full circumstances of his death are not known, Ms Marsland said, but she believes the stabbing happened after he got caught up in an argument. The first sign she had that something was "wrong" was when her son did not answer his text messages or phone calls. "He wasn't answering his phone," Ms Marsland explained. I just knew there was something. He would always answer his phone and tell me where he is. "He has never stayed out overnight without telling me. He would always ring and say he was on his way back because he knows I worried. That night, there was nothing."    Although she was becoming increasingly worried, Ms Marsland could never have imagined the horror unfolding a short distance from her home on Heywood's Darnhill estate, or how it would change her life forever. She contacted Callum's girlfriend, Kenzi, who also had no idea where he was. Despite it being the early hours of the morning, Ms Marsland then set out in search for her son. After driving around Heywood with no success, she returned home and was told that a body had been found on the estate.  Three men, aged 33, 25 and 16, were arrested on suspicion of murder while two women, aged 34 and 18, were arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. All five have since been released on bail. Two men, both aged 19, were also arrested on suspicion of criminal damage. One has been released on bail while another has been released under investigation. The murder probe remains ongoing, Greater Manchester Police has confirmed. The coroner's record shows Callum's provisional cause of death as a stab wound.