At every coronation since Edward VII’s in 1902 thousands of pieces of furniture with a royal cypher have been manufactured for the congregation, and then sold to the guests or put up for auction to recoup some of the costs. The tradition, showcasing the British furniture-making industry, was followed at the investiture of Charles as Prince of Wales in 1969 when Remploy factories employing disabled people made 4,600 chairs designed by his uncle Lord Snowdon. But officials at Westminster Abbey say there are no plans for anything similar for the coronation of Charles III and Queen Camilla. An Abbey spokeswoman said: “We’re not aware of anything like that. “At the moment our plans are just to use our normal seats for the coronation.” Royal sources have suggested that no final decision has been made about the issue, but with less than three months to go time is running out. Luke Honey, an antiques dealer and expert on coronation furniture, said: “It would be very sad if that was true.” He said it would be a missed opportunity to promote the British furniture making industry, – traditionally based in High Wycombe, Bucks – and allied industries which provide the fabric to cover the chairs or stools traditionally made for each guest. Up until Queen Victoria’s coronation in 1838 the crowning of a monarch was a relatively small, aristocratic affair. But 500 MPs were invited to hers, reflecting the widening electorate after the 1832 Reform Act. From then on, it became much more of a national event. Organisers of this year’s coronation, which will be paid for by the taxpayer, are trying to balance two objectives. On the one hand, they are under pressure to reflect the cost-of-living crisis and acknowledge that times have moved on since 1953, when the Queen’s coronation cost £1.57million – up to £56million at today’s prices. But on the other hand, they are under orders from ministers to make it a lavish spectacle to show off the best of Britain. Buckingham Palace and Government officials have refused to say how much it will all cost or even if there is a budget, but they say they hope the Coronation will be a joyful celebration.