Victor Osimhen scored in eight consecutive Serie A match on Saturday, bagging against Empoli, and with every impressive performance, he is justifying further why Manchester United should push to secure his signature. Erik ten Hag is desperate to sign a No 9 over the summer, with several different options being explored. The departure of Cristiano Ronaldo earlier this season has left United short of depth in the final third, with Wout Weghorst arriving on loan last month from Burnley to attempt to be a quick fix. However, the Netherlands international has struggled to make his mark and it feels unlikely that he will be pursued regularly, as it stands. With Anthony Martial a constant injury doubt and Marcus Rashford best utilised as a left winger, Ten Hag has made signing a striker a priority at the end of the season. Tottenham striker Harry Kane has been long admired at Old Trafford and he is on the shortlist of players being considered, amongst others. Though Osimhen is continuing to thrive in the Serie A and it could be hard to ignore the Nigeria international if he can guide Napoli to the title. The 24-year-old has scored 19 goals in as many league appearances, registering three assists, and impressed again against Empoli over the weekend. His electric form of late has made him the most in-form striker in the world and that could push Ten Hag to request that Osimhen is pursued rather than Kane. Being the younger of the pair, United are likely to see more value from signing the Napoli frontman rather than Spurs. Kane is out of contract at Tottenham in 2024, though confidence is growing that he will pen a new deal with the club. However, even if he does not extend his stay in north London, Spurs will still charge United a high price for the England international – reluctant to strengthen a direct rival. Napoli have said on several occasions that Osimhen is not for sale, deterring interest last month especially. Though the striker did offer United – and other interested clubs – encouragement recently, claiming that his future is out of his hands but ‘we will see’ what happens when the season concludes. He told ESPN: “When you are doing so well, top clubs around the world are watching, mostly in the top five leagues. And to be able to attract interest from these top clubs shows that I am doing great and it gives me the motivation to do even more for myself and my team. “But I am focused on Napoli right now and they have the final say. I just want to help my team to win matches and win trophies. At the end of the season, we will see what is going to happen, but that is not up to me. It is for the club to decide."