Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said she is "surprised" that teachers do not have to inform schools they are striking. She said she asked all teachers to "be constructive" and inform their headteachers of their plan to strike. Over 18,000 state schools could be impacted, based on the union's predictions. Dr Mary Bousted, joint general secretary of the NEU, yesterday told The Telegraph that the union expects 85 percent of schools in England and Wales to be fully or partially closed. Some schools won't have decided until this morning whether to close, fully or partially, as it depends on how many staff chose to join the strike. When asked whether she supports the "tightening" of the law to that "striking teachers would have to inform their schools if they plan to strike in future", Ms Keegan said: "Our head teachers, to be able to mitigate the strike action, need to know as much as possible. "It was a surprise, I think, to some of us that that was, in fact, the law. "But I did write to everybody urging them to be constructive to let their heads know, and I'm sure many teachers will have done that. "We share one objective, really, which is to make sure that our kids get a fantastic education." The Government introduced legislation earlier this month which will set "minimum safety levels" for several industries, limiting their ability to take industrial action. READ MORE: Teachers' strike will see eight out of 10 schools close tomorrow It has denied the laws will remove the right to strike, with Business Secretary Grant Shapps saying ministers "absolutely believe in the right to strike". But he said the Government is "duty bound" to protect the lives and livelihoods of the public. Speaking to Times Radio, Ms Keegan said discussions to introduce minimum service requirements for teachers will stay "under review". The Education Secretary said: "There are discussions around minimum service levels and minimum safety levels around hospitals, around rail. DON'T MISS:Anti-Brexit campaigner removed from BBC studio for heckling Rees-Mogg [REPORT]Teachers' strike will see eight out of 10 schools close tomorrow [INSIGHT]Lord Frost outlines 12 Brexit wins as UK celebrates major milestone [REVEAL] "And as part of that bill, education is part of that bill as well. "We're hoping not to use that, we're hoping to make sure that we...continue constructive discussions and relationships. But you know, of course, these things will always stay under review. "We want to do the best we can to make sure that we can keep our schools open and we can operate our schools and also have our teachers there motivated and, you know, inspiring our children every day." Ms Keegan dismissed reports that teachers are using food banks as "not credible". She said: "It's not credible that people are using them every day, or every week, a week in week out that, you know, the Trussell Trust itself says that only sort of 15 percent of people need more than three food vouchers a year, and they're normally people who then get flagged... "So, I think the food banks are there for a reason, but they're not, you know, being used widely, I would imagine by the profession." Half a million Britons are expected to take part in "Walkout Wednesday" today, which will see workers including teachers, civil servants, train drivers, Royal Mail staff and Amazon warehouse staff take industrial action today over a pay dispute. The largest coordinated action in a generation will see schools close, the military on standby to help at Britain's borders, and no rail services running across much of the country.