Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been told to stay in America after claims they "burnt all their bridges" in the UK. TV presenter Nana Akua criticised the Sussexes amid reports they were negotiating to attend the coronation. "Ok, let me make something clear. I as a member of the British public don’t want you and Meghan [at the coronation]," Akua wrote for GB News. She continued: "It’s a state event, not a family affair which is ultimately being paid for by the British taxpayer, the people who live in the country you are dissing and the country that has paid for your privileged upbringing and afforded you your title." She went on to slam Prince Harry's memoir, Spare which she called an "embarrassing book". The Duke's new book blasted the Royal Family, levelling accusations at several members, including Camilla, Queen Consort and Prince William.  She also tore into what she called the Sussexes' "quest for privacy", going on to reference a Spotify podcast, Netflix series and the now-bestseller Spare. Citing the reported negotiations going on behind the scenes for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to attend the coronation, Akua urged Meghan and Harry to remain in America. "Well, they're all yours now...you can keep em, they’ve burnt their bridges here," she wrote. However, if recent polling is anything to go by, Americans may be turning on Meghan and Harry as well. READ MORE: Meghan 'lacking huge fan club' in the US as public 'tired'  A recent US poll showed Prince Harry's favourability rating drop 45 points from +38 in December to -7 in January. Similarly, the Duchess of Sussex dropped 36 points from +23 in December to -13 in the latest poll. The Redfield and Wilton poll surveyed 2000 eligible US voters. Although it is unclear whether the Sussexes will end up attending the coronation, it has been reported that King Charles III believes absence would prove more of a distraction than their attendance. The coronation will take place later this year on May 6. It will be the first ever in living memory for most Britons. The late Queen's coronation was held 70 years ago on June 2, 1953. 