Marcel Sabitzer’s agent has suggested that his client is back to his best at Manchester United, potentially hinting the Austrian would be open to a permanent transfer. The midfielder arrived at Old Trafford from Bayern Munich on loan late on deadline day with Erik ten Hag forced back into the market to cover Christian Eriksen’s ankle injury. Sabitzer has quickly been thrust into the starting lineup at United with the Red Devils suffering from injuries and suspension in central midfield. Casemiro’s red card against Crystal Palace in addition to Eriksen’s ankle issue has left Ten Hag without his first-choice pairing in the Premier League with the Austria international joining Fred in the centre as a result. Sabitzer is capable of performing as a no 8 or a no 10 and his versatility is a huge asset. Attention has already started to turn as to whether or not the 28-year-old will remain at Old Trafford in the long-term, especially given he no longer appears to be in the first-team picture at Bayern. Now, Sabitzer agent Roger Wittmann has spoken on his client’s performances at Old Trafford, suggesting playing in the Premier League has helped him get back to his best. The comments could be taken as a potential hint that the Austrian would like a longer stay given he feels comfortable in the league. READ MORE: Michael Owen leaves Champions League fans perplexed with Nunez comment "At Manchester United, we see Marcel from Leipzig again. I'm very happy for him,” Wittman told Sport 1. "He loves this English hardness! It was clear from the start that the Premier League was a great fit for him. He's an aggressive player. He does exactly what he can there. And that's what's needed there. “Marcel is a top player. It doesn't surprise me at all that he's performing so well so quickly. If you have as much experience as Marcel, whether in the Champions League or with his more than 60 international matches, it doesn't take long to find your way around a club and a league like this.” However, he also stressed no decisions over his future would be made until the summer stating: “We’ll see when the time comes,” when asked. Sabitzer has attracted the attention of some pundits who have been keen to praise his performances. Owen Hargreaves is among them with the former England international praising what he can bring to the team. DON'T MISS...Jordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid lossCarragher goes in on Liverpool and Van Dijk after Real Madrid defeat "He's a good player," he told club media. "I mean, obviously with the situation with Christian Eriksen, it changed everything. “You needed to get another body in. I think Manchester United are the only English team left in all four competitions, with so much to play for in the Carabao Cup, FA Cup, Premier League and Europa League. It's another body but, you know, a good player. "He's another guy who can play multiple positions. He's smart. He's played in the Champions League and, depending on the personnel who play with him, he can play deeper or further forward. I like him. He brings a strong mindset.”