Is it the one who tells us today that Jeremy Corbyn was so bad and antisemitic that he cannot be allowed to stand for Labour at the next general election? Or is it the Keir Starmer who campaigned night and day to get Corbyn elected as Prime Minister, saying, “I’m 100 percent behind Jeremy Corbyn. I am working with Jeremy Corbyn to try to win the next general election.” That, of course, was the Sir Keir Starmer who then wooed Labour members to vote for him in the leadership contest, by warning them: “Don’t trash the last four years. Because what Jeremy Corbyn brought to this party – he made us an anti-austerity party that stood against cuts.”It was the Sir Keir Starmer who assured Labour members that Corbyn was “a colleague, he’s a friend … he’s led us through some really difficult times” and “I respect him and thank him for what he’s done.”And it was the Sir Keir Starmer who was a senior member of a Labour party which was treating its own Jewish followers so badly, and unlawfully, that the Equality and Human Rights Commission had to put the party under special measures.So, let’s think. Which of those two radically different versions of Sir Keir Starmer – polar opposites in fact – is the real one?Of course, Sir Keir Starmer wants us to believe that he’s the former. He wants us to forget that he sat alongside Jeremy Corbyn for four years doing everything to get the guy elected. He wants us to forget that when asked by the BBC’s Andrew Marr whether he agreed that Corbyn was a danger to the British Jewish community, Starmer replied with emphasis. “I don’t accept that. I don’t accept that”. (Yes, he said it twice.)Because now, Starmer assures us, Corbyn was such a threat to the British Jewish community that not only is he himself unwelcome in the party but so are any Corbyn-supporting MPs who resist.  Alright, we weren’t born yesterday. We know politicians trim with the political winds. We know the arch pragmatist Tony Blair first stood for election in 1983 when that hopeless leftie Michael Foot was leader. We recall how Neil Kinnock sent a wrecking ball through his strongly-held socialist convictions in his failed attempt to get to Number 10. And we recognise that David Cameron was once a staunch anti-EU campaigner, before then doing all he could to get us to vote Remain.But never, in more than 40 years of following British politics, have I seen such an ideological U-turn as that performed by Keir Starmer since he won the Labour leadership. Never have I seen a politician so intent on destroying the foundations on which his party stood for election just three years ago. And while we can all recall leaders sacking former soulmates – Truss sacrificed Kwarteng, for example, and Major dumped Lamont – can anyone recall that former soulmate actually being kicked out of the party?Starmer, it appears, is raising the bar of political ruthlessness and opportunism.  And it all begs a serious question: if Sir Keir Starmer can so readily discard the hard-left platform on which he stood just three years ago, and so shamelessly trash the leader he worked tirelessly to make Prime Minister, can we in fact trust anything he says? Can we trust him when he says he wants to make Brexit work?Or is “make Brexit work” no more than meaningless guff to get him elected, just like it was in 2019 when he insisted in his speech to the Labour Party conference that with Jeremy Corbyn in Number 10, Labour would “pull this country back from the brink” and “show that decency can triumph”?In that same speech, by the way, Starmer described Boris Johnson as “a man with no moral compass; no principles.” But Starmer’s own principles, we now see, come and go with the wind. When you hear a man say one thing one day, but the reverse the next, you quickly learn not to trust a word he says. Yet this is the man who could well be our next prime minister and who boasts about his integrity. God help us. 