So far, a total of 112 Cold Weather Payment “triggers” across weather stations have been made since the scheme started in November, until early February. Households in England and Wales have received an estimated £131million in Cold Weather Payments so far this winter, according to analysis of DWP data by ComparetheMarket. Cold Weather Payments can be issued to eligible Britons if the average temperature in their area is recorded as, or forecast to be, zero degrees celsius or below over seven consecutive days. People will get £25 for each seven day period of very cold weather between November 1 and March 31. Individuals will be eligible for this payment if they are in receipt of certain benefits or Support for Mortgage Interest (SMI). But how can Britons check if a payment has been triggered in their area? READ MORE: Pensioners join forces to stop thousands receiving ‘poverty pension’ The easiest way to do so is through the online Cold Weather Payment postcode checker tool. Britons will need to state whether they are living in England, Wales or Scotland, and then provide the first part of their postcode. For example, if one’s postcode is LS1 1AG, only LS1 will need to be entered to deliver a result. The Government tool will then offer details on when, if at any time, a Cold Weather Payment has been triggered in the area, and the weather station which measured the temperature. DON'T MISSBarclays warning as Britons lose £4,330 in ‘most common’ fraud attempt [WARNING]State pension age won't reduce and sum won't rise to £416, says DWP [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis highlights ‘top on the market’ savings accounts [VIDEO]  Within the 112 Cold Weather Payment triggers, there were 5,277,000 payments issued, according to ComparetheMarket. Ursula Gibbs, director at ComparetheMarket, said: “Cold weather conditions have significantly impacted several households this winter. “An increasing number of cold weather snaps has increased the number of households eligible to receive Cold Weather Payment from the DWP. “If you are eligible, we encourage you to claim the £25 you are entitled to. “Energy bills have soared in the last year and this payment may help offset rising fuel costs during periods of extremely cold weather.” READ MORE: Two months to avoid Hunt's next inheritance and capital gains tax raid People do not need to apply to receive a Cold Weather Payment, as if they are eligible they should receive it automatically. But if they do not get it, Britons are encouraged to contact the Pension Service or Jobcentre Plus. Ms Gibbs explained the ongoing energy crisis is making it difficult for those who want to switch for a better deal. However, she did highlight some ways households could be able to save money. Firstly, before further price rises come into effect in April 2023, Ms Gibbs recommended checking their bills to see where they could make savings. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They could also encourage friends and family members to do the same. And switching car and home insurance could also help Britons save money in other aspects of their lives. Comparethemarket estimates an efficient switch could save Britons up to £533. Concerns continue to linger surrounding energy bills. Martin Lewis, founder of Money Saving Expert, has written to Chancellor Jeremy Hunt to urge a postponement of cuts to energy bill help. He explained: “Postponing the increase is a practical and fair decision, with household energy bills already double what they were the prior winter. “Crucially, the damage to people’s pockets and mental health of another round of energy price rise letters is disproportionate.”