Liverpool are reportedly frustrated with the Premier League after they were left with 'little choice' but to fly back to Merseyside from Newcastle on Saturday evening after their 2-0 Premier League win at St James' Park. Just a matter of weeks after Green Football Weekend, an initiative designed to help tackle climate change, the Reds found themselves heavily criticised after completing the journey back to Liverpool via plane. The trip, which is around 175 miles, would take up to three hours via car or coach but with Real Madrid up ahead in the Champions League on Tuesday, Liverpool were taking no chances. It only emerged that Liverpool were travelling via plane when Trent Alexander-Arnold posted a selfie with Jordan Henderson on his Instagram, a picture that has since led to public criticism on social media. According to The Mirror, the Reds aren't happy with the scrutiny as they feel the Premier League's decision to schedule a 5:30pm kick-off away to Newcastle left them with no other option. In a world full of marginal gains, Liverpool simply could not risk arriving back to Merseyside late on Saturday evening as preparations for Real Madrid will be key. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Todd Boehly can go full Roman Abramovich with mind-blowing appointment Generally, the day after the match is assigned for recovery and that would leave Liverpool with just one day to prepare for the visit of Los Blancos. As Liverpool know better than anyone after losing two Champions League finals and a two-legged knockout clash to Real Madrid in 2020/21, the Reds will need to be at the top of their game to pull off an upset. Flight tracking sites display that Liverpool left Newcastle Airport on a chartered plane from 2Excel Aviation at 9:37pm. The squad landed back in Liverpool at 10:10pm ensuring the players returned home to their families swiftly back on Merseyside. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callChelsea 'offer Mason Mount in Joao Felix swap deal' proposal as Atletico Madrid respondMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race Jurgen Klopp's side delivered arguably their best result of the season courtesy of first-half strikes from Darwin Nunez and Cody Gakpo. The Magpies have now lost just twice in the top-flight since the beginning of the season with Liverpool responsible for both of those defeats. Liverpool have not turned a blind eye to climate change, however, despite flying back to Merseyside from Tyneside. The Reds were named the greenest Premier League club by Sport Positive in 2022 as they seek to reduce emissions by 50 per cent by 2030. In more positive news, Liverpool also recently became the only Premier League club to be awarded the British Standards Institute certificate for sustainability. Back in January, Nottingham Forest found themselves in the face of fierce criticism after flying back to Nottingham from their FA Cup third-round defeat at Blackpool. Instead of accepting responsibility, Steve Cooper was keen to point out that the majority of Premier League and Championship clubs travel by plane to some domestic matches. Newcastle in particular is a match that is notorious for short-haul flights as most clubs travel to Tyneside via plane to avoid lengthy coach or train journeys.