Knowing when to start mowing your lawn again can be difficult as there are invariably warm days, even during the winter months. Mowing is something every lawn needs in order to keep it looking presentable and healthy. Lawns normally need to be mowed between March and October but when you make that first cut will depend on where you live and local weather conditions. The average date of a first lawn cut in the UK is March 18, according to 33,000 Nature’s Calendar records from 2000 to 2018. However, it’s worth noting in 2018, the Beast from the East brought widespread snow and low temperatures to the UK. In 2019 and 2020, temperatures were milder with the average mowing start date being 21 and 18 days earlier respectively. READ MORE: Queen Camilla tests positive for Covid - inside her £3.9million home Throughout March and April, the soil starts to warm up along with temperatures, however, lawns should not be mowed when it’s frosty or damp. According to lawn care experts from Hayter, mowing during frosty conditions “is not recommended”. And, if lawns are hit by significant frost, people should avoid walking on lawns completely. Footprints or other marks left on frozen grass can have a “lasting impact” and can affect the way grass regrows in the spring months. DON'T MISSFour ‘very offensive’ plants ‘effective’ at deterring rats [INSIGHT]‘Most effective’ tip to remove lawn weeds and ‘prevent’ them returning [UPDATE]Houseplant expert shares how to ‘encourage’ orchids to ‘repeat bloom’ [ANALYSIS] Guy Johnson of Johnsons Lawn Seed said “growth will begin in spring” so this is when your “regular mowing routine should start”. When you do start to mow your lawn again, it’s important not to cut it too short or to leave it too long. The Johnsons Lawn Seed expert also shared the “recommended cutting height” gardeners should aim for when trimming their lawns. He exclusively told Express.co.uk: “The recommended cutting height on a mower is one to two inches to achieve the perfect cut. READ MORE: Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “By cutting at the right height, the lower grass leaves can then develop into thicker and stronger plants, providing even coverage. Make sure the mower blades are sharp and not blunt. “This can create severe stress on the lawn and will scalp the grass and leave patchy gaps, creating the perfect environment for weeds to grow and flourish.” However, not everyone likes their lawns to look neat and tidy with green stripes. Some gardeners prefer a more wild look. If you fancy trying a more natural look on your garden lawn but don’t want to commit to it, you could try “No Mow May”. This involves not cutting your lawn for the entire month of May to allow wildflowers, weeds and other plants to grow freely on lawns. Now mowing your lawn adds colour to the garden and attracts pollinating insects and other wildlife. Britons can choose to leave their whole lawns uncut or just one section of the grass. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) suggested: “Then either restart mowing in June or leave the grass uncut until August to encourage a greater diversity of plants.”