Joe Biden will "put down seeds" for his 2024 re-election bid at the State of the Union, a Democratic strategist has told Express.co.uk. Leslie Marshall also urged the 46th POTUS to refrain from lambasting Donald Trump, despite the ex-President's allies, including Pastor Mark Burns, saying Biden has "failed miserably".  The political analyst said: "I don't think he's really going to launch but I think this is typical for any President, Democrat or Republican at the State of the Union, they're always putting down seeds to let people see how much the garden has grown and that it'll become a huge forest." Marshall, who regularly appears on US TV, added: "The State of the Union is always important but I think some Americans have become apathetic to it because it's become predictable and almost like a circus. "I'm not saying Joe Biden is leading the circus, I'm saying just the political climate we have in general. "The American people know the drill, they know the game and that's why less and less people sadly tune in as generations go by." However, Marshall suggested such drama may be welcomed by MAGA-supporting Republicans, just weeks after the House of Representatives was reduced to chaos during Kevin McCarthy's Speaker election. She also claimed some Grand Old Party officials, including Trump, may also want Biden to look to establish partisan lines in Congress. JUST IN: 'Isn't going to fly!' Joe Biden dealt blow as Texas threatens to sue POTUS over eco-rules But Marshall urged the POTUS "not to poke the elephant in the room". She explained: "The State of the Union should be about our nation and going forward, certainly not about somebody who fraudulently claims to be President of the United States. "I would say not to mention his name because MAGA Republicans want his name to be mentioned...you don't feed the beast. "The 2024 cycle is not in the rear view mirror but right now Donald Trump is in the rear view mirror because Joe Biden already beat him and Donald Trump is not necessarily his 2024 opponent. "Polls may show one day its DeSantis is the GOP nominee, one days its Trump but we've all seen people you've never heard of, come out, become the nominee and become President of the United States. "It's way too early for those polls and those predictions but I don't think Trump will win again." READ MORE: Trump brands ex-ally Chris Christie a 'disaster' as pair trade blows over latest 'tantrum' However, responding to reports Biden could use his State of the Union address to kickstart his 2024 re-election campaign, Trump-supporter Pastor Mark Burns warned the 46th POTUS has left America extremely divided. He said: "Biden ran for office on a platform of uniting the country, but if you ask any citizen of the United States, they will tell you he has failed miserably at that." Pointing to a recent opinion poll which handed Trump a three-point lead over Biden, Pastor Burns added: "Americans want to go back to a time when life wasn't so difficult." The 43-year-old was referring to a poll conducted for ABC News and the Washington Post which also gave Biden a double-digit disapproval rating.  Biden will deliver his second State of the Union on February 7 at 9pm EST (2am GMT). The 46th President has been tipped to use the address to lay the groundwork for re-election and sway sceptical Americans he is taking the country in the right direction. He defied poor approval ratings in surveys conducted in the run up to last November's midterm elections when the predicted Republican red wave failed to materialise. Marshall argued Biden could take Bill Clinton's "teflon kid" crown as he has "ignored" the critics and negative opinion polls to "go full steam ahead" with his 2020 agenda. She also suggested the 80-year-old POTUS will confront economic concerns and reaffirm US support for Ukraine. However, the Democrat strategist warned economic improvements, including on inflation and unemployment, will fall on deaf ears until such benefits "trickle down into American homes". She also argued Biden should address public "anger" over police brutality, tout the significance of Obamacare and talk about "specifics" on immigration rather than sticking to "Democratic talking points". DON'T MISS:US evacuation ordered after train derailment explosion [LATEST]Harry and Meghan will never 'come close' to royal wealth [REPORT]China signalling 'we can do what we want' as US falls behind [INSIGHT]  Allies of the 45th POTUS appear to see the State of the Union address as a massive opportunity for their former boss. An ex-Trump campaign insider suggested the Republican Party's response could give clear indications about what the former POTUS thinks about his successor's State of the Union address. The 2020 veteran told Express.co.uk: "Sarah Sanders is giving the official GOP response. She was the Press Secretary [under Trump] and remains close to 45th President. "We just have to listen to what she says and, more importantly, what she doesn't say."