A welfare check carried out at Nicola Bulley's home by Lancashire Police on January 10, days before she was last seen, is being investigated by the Independent Office for Police Conduct.  An IOPC spokesman said: "Following a referral by Lancashire Constabulary on Thursday, we have started an independent investigation regarding contact the force had with Nicola Bulley on January 10, 2023. "We were notified by the force that an officer attended the family home on that date as part of a welfare check. "Our thoughts are with Ms Bulley's family and friends, and all of those affected by her death. Our investigation is in its very early stages."   The latest development comes after Lancashire Police referred itself to the police watchdog on February 16 over contact officers had with Ms Bulley prior to her disappearance. Ms Bulley's body was pulled from the River Wyre in Lancashire on Sunday, more than three weeks after she was last seen on January 27. In its statement, Lancashire Police said on February 15 Ms Bulley had suffered with some "significant issues" with alcohol which were brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause and that these had resurfaced over recent months. The force added: "As a result of those issues, a response car staffed by both police and health professionals attended a report of concern for welfare at Nicola's home address on January 10. READ ABOUT A BRUTAL ATTACK ON A CYCLIST     "No one has been arrested in relation to this incident, but it is being investigated. "It is an unusual step for us to take to go into this level of detail about someone's private life, but we felt it was important to clarify what we meant when we talked about vulnerabilities to avoid any further speculation or misinterpretation."  News of the IOPC probe comes on the same day an inquest opened into Ms Bulley's death. It heard Ms Bulley was identified by her dental records. DON'T MISS: Skeletal remains of student missing for 47 years found in car [REVEALED] Putin's claims that sanctions have had little impact fact-checked [REPORT] SNP's rivals want Humza Yousaf elected to replace Sturgeon [LATEST] Preston Coroner's Court was told maxillofacial surgeon Andrew Ian Edwards had examined the 45-year-old's dental records, which had been obtained by police from her dental surgery. Senior coroner Dr James Adeley, speaking at the opening of the inquest into the mother-of-two's death, said: "He examined the body that was located in the River Wyre near Rawcliffe Road in St Michael's on Wyre at 2.15pm on February 20." Dr Adeley said the surgeon found restorative work carried out was identical. He added: "I am satisfied on the balance of probabilities, and more, that positive identification has been made."  The hearing, which lasted about five minutes, was not attended by Ms Bulley's partner Paul Ansell or any other family members. Dr Adeley said: "The family have been informed of the date, time and place of the opening of the inquest and have chosen not to attend for reasons I can quite understand." He said remaining evidence gathered by police and the post-mortem examination required "further evaluation" and a full inquest was likely to be held in June, once availability of a Home Office pathologist had been checked. The coroner said: "This will allow time to collate the facts of the case and allow the experts involved to finalise the findings from investigations that still need to be undertaken."  In a press conference on Monday, Lancashire Police described the investigation into her disappearance as "hugely complex and highly emotional". However, it did not address the widespread criticism it had received for releasing some aspects of Ms Bulley's private life into the public domain. Police also did not disclose why it took 23 days to find her body in the river. Ms Bulley's family said in a statement on Monday that they can let her "rest now" following the discovery of her remains. 