The United States has conducted "strike force operations" in the South China Sea after a suspected Beijing spy balloon was shot down last weekend off the South Carolina coast. The Seventh Fleet, which is based in Japan, said on Sunday that its USS Nimitz aircraft carrier strike group joined the Thirteenth Marine Expeditionary Unit in conducting “integrated expeditionary strike force operations” in the South China Sea.  Exercises were said to have involved ships, ground forces and aircraft. Operations took place on Saturday but no details on when they began or whether they ended have been provided. American military exercises were planned in advance of last week's Beijing balloon fiasco. The US claimed the unmanned balloon was equipped to detect and collect intelligence signals. JUST IN: Surviving roommate mistook Idaho killings for noise of house party, chilling report finds However, China insisted it was a weather research airship which had been accidentally blown off course. Following the incident, Secretary of State Antony Blinken cancelled his trip to Beijing. Sino-American relations took a hit after the incident, with Beijing back-pedalling from showing some regret to slamming Washington's shutdown as an overreaction. China's Defence Ministry even refused to accept a call from US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin over the matter. READ MORE: Idaho murder suspect's body language in court showed 'fixation seen in killers' Washington has since blacklisted six Chinese entities which were said to have been linked to Beijing's aerospace programmes. The House of Representatives also voted to condemn China for a "brazen violation" of US sovereignty. Beijing claims to have a right to almost the entirety of the South China Sea, which has trade routes worth over $3trillion. However, Brunei, Malaysia, Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam, are among other Asian countries who lay claim to parts of the region. The US has frequently sent warships and other military vessels to the South China Sea in recent years in an attempt to stand up for the freedom of navigation. Despite conducting exercises, Washington takes no official position on sovereignty in the South China Sea. 