Take China. What on EARTH are we doing still sending foreign aid there? China now has the world’s second-largest economy. It beggars belief to learn this week that Britain wrote aid cheques to Beijing for £50million in 2021. Why?  Ten years ago the Government announced aid to both China and India was redundant and would cease. New Delhi got its last handout in 2016, but the cashflow to China just streams on and on. No one seems to know why. Former Tory leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith says it’s potty. “Our policy across the board to China is a complete mess,” he says. “We’re paying aid out to a bigger economy than ours... madness. China looks at us and thinks we’re weak: it’s time to change policy and toughen up.” Astonishingly, Andrew Mitchell, the minister in charge of overseas development, said last weekend that he was “unaware” British taxpayers are subsidising China. Uhh? So who in his office signs off on the handouts? Cue an echoing silence. My jaw dropped when I read how our money is actually spent. Schemes include “human rights projects”. Yup, you read that right – human rights projects. In China, one of the most oppressive regimes in the world. You couldn’t make it up. Meanwhile, Beijing’s spy balloons continue to fly, and evidence mounts that the Chinese-made CCTV cameras 6ft above our heads are a genuine security risk. And not just in the high street. Surveillance expert Fraser Sampson said this week that UK police forces are “shot through” with cameras, drones and number plate readers long banned here because of Chinese espionage fears. How is any of this being allowed to happen?  As for international aid, if we do return to the 0.7 per cent minimum spending level, the China budget MUST be axed. That £50million is far more needed in Turkey and Syria. With Russia, years of defence spending cuts have left us – or rather our ally Ukraine – in a desperately exposed position. We can’t even produce enough ammunition for Ukraine to loose off at Putin’s forces; they fire many more rounds than we’re able to replace. We talk the talk over supporting President Zelensky but we’re simply not capable of walking the walk. France is putting us to shame. President Macron has guaranteed to boost military spending by more than a third by 2030, but Paris and Nato officials this week went public over the dilapidated state of the UK’s armed forces. The severity of budget cuts to the tattered British military is now causing real alarm among Nato members. We’re behaving like mugs with China, and our military’s become an underspent shambles not fit for purpose. Rishi – it’s time to get a grip.  Well, it’s the end of an era. Morse, quite simply the most intelligent of all our TV detectives, is about to bite the dust for good’n’all. Judy and I are heartbroken. It’s been 36 years since the original pairing of John Thaw as Morse and Kevin Whately as the grumpy but brilliant inspector’s sidekick, Lewis. But the programme that at its peak was slavishly watched by 750 million viewers in 200 countries is entering its swansong. A final, three-part series of Endeavour – the prequel featuring Morse as a young, super-bright detective played by Shaun Evans and paired with the wonderfully urbane Roger Allam, all trilby hat, pipe and wife-supplied sarnies for lunch (“Good-oh! Cheese and pickle today!”) starts on ITV a week tomorrow. There’ll be three lavish two-hour episodes. And we won’t just miss the superb lead actors when it finishes forever in March. What about Oxford? Morse, Endeavour, and the spin-off, Lewis (with Laurence Fox in the supporting role, another scintillating piece of casting) made the beautiful city a star in its own right. Those water meadows; that golden, mellow Cotswold stone. Oh well. I suppose we’ll still have the repeats.  Now we know what sort of welcome we’d give any aliens foolish enough to enter Earth’s atmosphere. We’d shoot them down. Not exactly what I would have predicted before all the hullabaloo over Chinese balloons drifting into US airspace. Incredibly, Pentagon top brass this week would not dismiss the possibility that the objects were alien in origin. They went further than describing them as UFOs, or unidentified flying objects: General Glen VanHerck, head of US Aerospace Defense Command, refused to rule out a link with extra-terrestrials. Hmm. Never mind “ET phone home”. Let’s just hope ET doesn’t shoot back. Former First Lady of France Carla Bruni Sarkozy cheerfully admits fasting for a fortnight to fit inside a Versace jumpsuit similar to the one she made her name in 30-odd years ago. “It gives me strength,” she shrugs. After two weeks fasting? I’m surprised she still has the strength to stand up.  First Lady of France Carla Bruni Sarkozy cheerfully admits fasting for a fortnight to fit inside a Versace jumpsuit similar to the one she made her name in 30-odd years ago. “It gives me strength,” she shrugs. After two weeks fasting? I’m surprised she still has the strength to stand up.