Piers Morgan questioned Rishi Sunak on a wide range of topics during the TalkTV interview. The Prime Minister was grilled on the war in Ukraine, Boris Johnson, gender issues, accountability and the ongoing strikes across the country to name a few. However, some TalkTV viewers criticised Morgan when the interview turned to more personal topics. During the discussion, Sunak opened up on his first 100 days in office. Morgan touched on topics including political scandals, the NHS and Sunak’s family life as the Prime Minister shared details of how he proposed to his wife. The presenter joked that Sunak was “batting above average” when it comes to his marriage. Sunak commented: “Yes 100 percent… I definitely am battling above my average.” Read more: Piers leaves Rishi floundering over Prince Harry's coronation invite Speaking about proposing to his wife, the Prime Minister continued: “Yes we got engaged in a place called Half Moon Bay and it was a place that when we were students we met when we were studying together in the States. “And we used to walk in this area and look up at this nice fancy hotel that we never could stay in, and then I surprised her and we did go and stay there. “But before that we went for a walk along the cliffs and we were alone and that’s where I proposed.” Morgan asked if the Prime Minister was “romantic” and he agreed that he was. Praising his wife, he said: “The bit that means most to me at the moment is the support that she gives me doing this job. “In my case that is definitely true and it has been particularly true over the past couple of months and the past couple of years. “I wouldn’t be able to do this job without her love and support. As you said, you said, ‘What’s your mantra?’ “It’s Akshata, right, that’s what I get every day that gives me the extra support to keep going when things are tough, that comes from her. So that’s my expression of love at the moment.” DON'T MISSSunak vows new asylum system will remove illegal migrants 'in days' [INTERVIEW]BBC slammed by Piers Morgan over deleted '100 genders' video [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan scolded by guest for wrongly using term 'woke' [VIDEO] Piers Moran Uncensored viewers felt the TalkTV host could have probed the Prime Minister more on certain political issues. TimpanoNathan tweeted: “It was pathetic a cushy interview with no hard questions.” BaumDr agreed: “What a waste of time and effort if those are the questions you asked! Pathetic!” “Really poor and soft interview. Expected alot better and tougher,” StirlingBlue1 wrote. (sic) “This really isn’t what we needed you to question him with,” 722louise vented. However, Rosie_Perkins78 disagreed: “Great interviewing Piers, enjoyed watching!” MargotDeGroote added: “My god, you’re getting soft in your old age Mr Morgan. However, I like your psychology and you have subliminally made him feel like the good guy so he has no option now but to deliver.” Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV on weekdays at 8pm.