Sir Keir Starmer hit out at Jeremy Corbyn in a press conference this morning, in which he addressed the party's history of anti-semitism. He said the former Labour leader "betrayed" the values of the British people. Sir Keir also blocked Mr Corbyn, who is currently suspended from the party, from making a return, saying will "categorically" not stand as a Labour Party candidate at the next general election. He said: "Let me be very clear about that: Jeremy Corbyn will not stand for Labour at the next general election, as a Labour Party candidate. "What I said about the party changing, I meant, and we are not going back, and that is why Jeremy Corbyn will not stand as a Labour candidate at the next general election." Sir Keir said that anti-semitism is "an evil" and "no political party that cultivates it deserves to hold power". The Equality and Human Rights Commission this week announced that it has concluded its monitoring of the Labour Party over anti-semitism within the party.  Responding to the commission's decision during a speech in London, Sir Keir said: "Today is an important moment in the history of the Labour Party. "It's taken many, many months of hard work and humility to get here. "It's meant rebuilding trust, not just with the Jewish community but with all those who were rightly appalled by the culture of the party and the previous leadership. "When I became leader, I said I would turn Labour around and give it back to the British people and the most important and urgent part of that was tearing out antisemitism by its roots. "Antisemitism is an evil and no political party that cultivates it deserves to hold power." Mr Corbyn was suspended from the parliamentary party over his response to EHRC's damning report in 2020 and now sits as an independent MP. Sir Keir has long suggested that the former Labour leader will not stand again for the party but this is the first time he confirmed the decision in public.  Mr Corbyn, who has represented Islington North for 40 years and has deep local popularity, may decide to contest the next election as an independent. Sir Keir warned anyone who plays down antisemitism will be treated with "zero patience or tolerance", acknowledging it is not "the end of the road" for tackling the issue. He said: "I understand that some people won't like the changes we've made but I say this with all candour, the Labour Party is unrecognisable from 2019 and it will never go back. "It will never again be a party captured by narrow interest, it will never again lose sight of its purpose or its morals. "And it will never again be brought to its knees by racism or bigotry. "If you don't like that, if you don't like the changes we've made, I say the door is open and you can leave." 