A child suffered serious injuries after a stranger tried to snatch them from their mother as the pair walked down a residential street, police have said. The man allegedly had the child in his grasp and tried to run from the scene but brave members of the public managed to apprehend him. The incident happened as the mother and child walked down Mayor Street, in Bolton, Great Manchester, at about 6.30pm yesterday. A 23-year-old suspect arrested at the scene on suspicion of kidnap remains in police custody for questioning, Manchester Evening News reports. Detective Inspector Tony Lunt of Greater Manchester Police, Bolton CID, has urged witnesses to come forward and said patrols have increased in the area. Det Insp Lunt said: "I'd like to thank the quick work and bravery of members of the public who assisted in detaining a man who was arrested by officers. "He has been taken into police custody where he will be questioned. This was an incredibly distressing incident during which a child received serious injuries. "Although these are thankfully not life-threatening, the mother of the child was understandably very shaken by the incident and is receiving support from specialist officers at this time. I understand the concerns it will raise in the community but I would like to reassure you that this is being treated as an isolated incident and there is not believed to be any wider threat to the community. "You will see increased patrols in the local area throughout the next few days so please approach our officers with any questions or concerns you may have. Whilst we have a man in custody, I want to assure you that our investigation does not stop here and I would ask any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch with us. "We are particularly interested in speaking to anyone who may have been in the area of Mayor Street in Bolton between 6:20pm and 6:40pm and who may have seen someone behaving suspiciously. We're also interested in any footage - including CCTV or dashcam - that you might have in relation to this incident. "You can get in touch by calling police on 0161 85 65757 quoting 2896 of 21/02/2023. You can also make a report via the Live Chat function on GMP's website: www.gmp.police.uk. Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111." 