China claimed that it detected more than 10 US balloons in it's airspace over the last year, according to a Foreign Ministry spokesperson. Wang Wenbin told reporters it was "not uncommon" for the US to violate Chinese airspace using the devices.  "It's not uncommon as well for the US to illegally enter the airspace of other countries," said foreign ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin. He added: "Since last year alone, US balloons have illegally flown above China more than 10 times without any approval from Chinese authorities." He claimed that China responded to the incidents in a "responsible and professional" manner without disclosing further details. "If you want to know more about US high-altitude balloons illegally entering China's airspace, I suggest you refer to the US side," he said.  The accusation comes after a Chinese balloon - which the US says was for surveillance and Beijing claims was civilian - was shot down in US airspace on February 4. Since that incident, the US and Canada have shot down three other unidentified flying objects over North America. Officials, however, have not yet commented on the nature of origin of those objects. Joe Biden said that he had ordered the balloon to be shot down days before but that military officials wanted to wait until it was over water due to the risk of falling debris injuring people on the ground. Since that incident, the US and Canada have shot down three other unidentified flying objects over North America. Officials, however, have not yet commented on the nature of origin of those objects. READ MORE: China threatens to tip US into 'declaration of war' with risky balloon   The latest object was shot down over Lake Huron in Michigan after a direct order was given to shoot it down by Joe Biden. Pentagon officials said the objects posed no security threats but didn't rule anything out, including the potential that the UFO's were extra-terrestrial. Melissa Dalton, assistant defence secretary for homeland defence, said: “We have been more closely scrutinising our airspace at these altitudes, including enhancing our radar, which may at least partly explain the increase [in detections]." The incidents have soured relations between Beijing and Washington with Secretary of State Anthony Blinken postponing a high level trip to Beijing following the detection of the first balloon. 