Liverpool have been given fresh hope of signing Chelsea star Mason Mount after the England international was reportedly offered to Atletico Madrid as part of a swap deal for Joao Felix. The midfielder’s contract expires in just under 18 months' time and the player is one that Jurgen Klopp has admired for some time. Mount - valued at £66million by Transfermarkt - has been a key player for Chelsea in recent years with Frank Lampard, Thomas Tuchel and Graham Potter each giving him an important role in the starting eleven. However, he has come under fire from fans in recent weeks for his performances and his future is under increasing doubt given his contract situation. The 24-year-old is out of contract in 18 months' time and talks over an extension appear to have stalled. As a result, Chelsea appear to be increasingly open to allowing him to leave this summer as the club seeks to avoid losing him for nothing in the summer of 2024. Marca reports that the Blues have already offered Mount to Atletico as they try to bring down the price of signing Felix permanently. The development suggests that Klopp could have an opening should he decide to try and bring the player to Liverpool. The Guardian has reported that the club are monitoring his situation as the German looks to rebuild his midfield. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Key figures 'jealous of Tottenham' as Qatar lead race Liverpool’s midfield has become a major weakness this season with Jordan Henderson and Fabinho failing to reach their usual standards while Thiago has struggled with injuries. Mount would be the perfect player to help address this issue especially given his excellent ability in the press. Klopp has spoken highly of Mount in the past, suggesting in 2019 that he was already worth in excess of £60million. Following a match between Chelsea and the Reds, he said: "Tammy Abraham is now a £60m player, Mason Mount is for sure a £60m player, if not more, Callum Hudson-Odoi was that already.” Meanwhile, former Rangers and Tottenham defender Alan Hutton has tipped Mount to look for new opportunities if Chelsea fail to match his importance to the team with their contract offer. DON'T MISSChelsea embarrassed as three stars flop vs Dortmund to pile pressure on PotterAguero addresses 'internal problems' at Man City after Guardiola axed De BruyneChelsea told they've signed a new Fabregas as key quality pointed out “He sees himself as an integral part of that team,” he explained to Football Insider. “Some of the players that are coming in and the wages that they are on, he feels that he should be up there. “It is possibly something that he will look at in the summer. Does he see himself moving away from there? The way they are spending, is he going to be a regular starter? These are all things that he is going to have to think about. “He is a Chelsea boy, he will want to stay there. He probably just feels that he deserves to be in the bracket of the top earners. If they can’t find a solution for it then he might look elsewhere." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here