Painting may seem like an easy DIY job and while it can be easier than some jobs, it can take a bit of practice. From knowing what tools to use to knowing what order to paint a room in, it may seem like a daunting task. To help, paint experts have shared certain steps to follow, including exactly what tools are required. DIY pros at The Paint Shed explained: “When starting any painting project, it’s important to first ensure that your surfaces are in good condition. “If there are considerable flaws or signs of wear and tear you may need to do a bit of sanding a filling of any cracks and holes. Next start by planning how you want your room to look. “Will you be using one colour for all the walls or including a feature wall? Remember you are not limited to a single colour, you can opt for complementary colours, contrasting colours, accent colours or whatever colour scheme suits your home and personal taste. “Adding colour to highlight mouldings, windows and doors can also be a great way to flesh out a room. When deciding what colour you want to use, try to imagine how you want the room to feel. Warm or cool? Clean and calm or bright and playful?” READ MORE: 'Brighten' stained grout between tiles with 'one key ingredient' Sample shades are a great way to try different colours before investing in a whole tin of it. Paint colour can look different when dried or at different times of the day so be sure to test out a few different colours before making a decision. Every project is different and DIYers may need different materials and accessories depending on the paint, design and condition of the surface. However, generally, Britons will need paint, paintbrushes, paint rollers, an extension pole, drop cloths, paint trays, paint tape as well as sandpaper. It may also be useful to invest in a putty knife as well as a filler to make sure that professional finish is achieved. DON'T MISS:Seven laundry ‘myths’ which could be ruining your clothes [COMMENT]Four steps to make your dehumidifier as ‘efficient’ as possible [EXPERT]Nine ‘illegal’ plants which could be in your garden - avoid fines [INSIGHT] The paint experts continued: “Now you have the right tools for the job you can proceed to prepping your room. Start by emptying the room of all furniture or alternatively you can push it all to the centre. “Cover the floor and your furniture with a drop cloth or plastic sheet to avoid any paint splatter. “Next, you should apply painters tape or masking tape to the walls, on the rooms corners, doors, light switch, windows and mouldings.” According to the experts, this will make the painting process easier. It will also avoid paint transferring to any items where it shouldn’t be. READ MORE: Method to clean your entire washing machine for under £1 Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Next, ensure any holes have been filled and sanded down to ensure a smooth and even surface. Lastly, give the walls a clean as there is nothing more disappointing and annoying than painting dust into the wall. The pros explained: “Once the room is ready to paint, it’s best to work from top to bottom, start on the ceiling and work your way down. “Start by mixing your paint and then on a ladder, cut in along the ceiling with a brush. Then use the roller attached to an extension pole so you can paint the rest of the ceiling. “Repeat this process when painting the walls, use a brush for edges then a roller, remember to work from the top to the bottom. “When painting doors and windows use a small paintbrush, apply at least two coats of woodwork paint and remember to allow adequate drying time between coats.” Lastly, paint the skirting boards after they have been sanded and taped to ensure the walls are protected. DIYers should apply two coats of gloss, satin or eggshell paint with a small brush, carefully removing the tape when done. The paint experts added: “Remember to view in the daylight to ensure you haven’t missed anywhere or don’t require another coat.”