Noni Madueke has aimed a sly dig at his former side Tottenham, as well as new rivals Arsenal, by claiming that he has joined the ‘biggest club in London’. The winger joined Chelsea from PSV in the January transfer window in a deal worth £29million. Madueke shined in the Eredivisie after breaking into their first team as a teenager. The forward’s pace and energy consistently caught the eye, prompting annual conversations about how Spurs should have made a greater effort to retain his services in 2018 having come through their academy. Graham Potter was a long-term admirer of Madueke, dating back to his time at Brighton, and greenlighted a move for the forward in January as part of their major overhaul. And the England Under-21 international has certainly settled in quickly at the club, revealing that heading to Stamford Bridge was an unrefusable offer. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: “There was never any doubt, to be honest. It is the biggest club in London and one of the biggest in the world - it’s an exciting project and I know I am not the finished article, but I feel deep I know I will succeed. "I think for a lot of players they go through the decision-making process, but for me, it was no decision to make. I wanted to come home, I wanted to come back home, and what better club to do it than if you are from London. It was a no-brainer, I said ‘alright cool’, I got what I could, got a haircut and then went to the airport." Madueke has made three appearances for Chelsea since joining the club, starting two Premier League matches. The winger has shown glimmers of promise but, like most of the January arrivals, struggled to truly make his mark yet. Though Potter is more than willing to offer the 20-year-old time to adjust to life in the English top-flight, given that he was a signing made with the long-term future in mind as well as the short-term. Though the former Swansea boss may not be at Chelsea to see Madueke to best effect, with pressure mounting on his shoulders following a torrid start to his tenure. The Blues are currently 10th in the Premier League and their points tally puts them closer to the relegation zone than the top four. Supporters are therefore calling for Todd Boehly to sack Potter as a result in order to save their season, though that appears very unlikely at this stage as the 47-year-old is still trusted by the higher powers at the club.