Universal Credit claimants could claim up to 30 additional benefits in March to help them through the cost of living crisis. Any extra support would be particularly valuable to struggling families over the next few months as the cost of living crisis puts a serious strain on household budgets. Around six million Britons depend on Universal Credit to help them get by because they are out of work or are on a low income. However, another 1.3 million people could be getting the benefit payments, according to New Economics Foundation figures. These people are missing out on support worth up to £7,300 a year on average because they are not claiming it. Eligible claimants could be getting benefits payments as well as extra freebies and discounts. Depending on their household circumstances and where they live - they could be saving up to £10,000 in additional support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). READ MORE: Two million households to get £200 for energy bills - exact date you could get payment What discounts are available? The discount one can get will depend on their provider, but Sky offers customers a package for £20 a month on an 18-month contract. In England, if someone has children at a state school in reception, year one or year two they are entitled to free school meals regardless of their household income. However, if they’re claiming certain benefits, including Universal Credit, Jobseeker's Allowance (JSA) and Child Tax Credits, they can get free school meals for older children. Those eligible for free school meals will also be eligible for help through the government's Holiday Activities and Food Programme (HAF). It provides grant funding to local councils to offer free holiday clubs and food to vulnerable children over the Christmas school break. READ MORE: Virgin Media customers could save up to £300 on broadband and get 9 months free Individuals will have to contact their local authority to find out what discount they’re entitled to, and they might still have to pay a small amount. People can find out more on the government's website. Recipients can get a £25 discount on their energy bill over the winter through the Cold Weather Payment. It is given out when temperatures are recorded as, or forecast to be, zero degrees or below, on average, for seven consecutive days between November 1 and March 31. The payment is made automatically, but if people want to check their eligibility, they can use the government's postcode tool. This gives extra money if the council decides someone needs help to meet their housing costs. It does not need to be repaid and it can be used to cover a rent shortfall, rent deposits, or rent in advance if they need to move house. However, it's only available for those who are unemployed but looking for work and are on Jobseeker's Allowance. The discount is not guaranteed as it’s up to the JobCentre Plus branch to decide. List of discounts and freebies available: