The US has warned China offering any form of help to Russia will be "at their own peril". The State Department ramped up its warnings to Xi Jinping on Thursday as the People's Republic of China's top diplomat Wang Yi visited Moscow. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken reported earlier this week that new intelligence had shown Beijing was considering offering "lethal support" to help its Russian allies' efforts in Ukraine. But State Department spokesman Ned Price said in a statement: "Our message to the People's Republic of China has been consistent. "They would decide to provide lethal assistance or to provide systematic assistance to Russia in its sanctions evasion at their own peril. "It would come with costs and consequences from the United States, from the international community.” Price added: "We're watching this very closely. We've had these conversations directly, candidly, frankly, with the PRC, including when the Secretary of State met with Wang Yi in Munich just last weekend." JUST IN: The View's Joy Behar stuns audience with 'evil' remark about toxic train crash The spokesman also questioned China's claims suggesting that Wang's visit to Moscow was scheduled to discuss the country's proposal for peace with Ukraine. Russia being its closest ally, Beijing has resisted international pressure to condemn Moscow's actions towards its neighbour since the start of the invasion a year ago. He said the PRC's conduct "gives us a great deal of pause" and said the Biden administration remains "sceptical" that a Chinese proposal would bring the conflict to a close. Price added: "Again, it’s economic assistance to Russia; it’s diplomatic assistance, political assistance. It’s provisions of messaging support as well. READ MORE: Bodycam footage shows moment man accused of killing journalist and 9-year-old is arrested  "So all of that gives us a great a deal of pause when we hear reports that the PRC is planning to present I’m sure what they will advertise as an impartial peace proposal. "Of course, Wang Yi was in Russia this week. Unless I’ve missed it, I’m not aware that Wang Yi made a symmetrical visit to Kyiv to discuss their ideas for a peace proposal. "We would like to see nothing more than a just and durable peace. We very much agree with President Zelensky that this brutal war will have to end at the negotiating table, but we are sceptical that reports of a proposal like this will be a constructive path forward." DON'T MISS:Journalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] China's peace proposal calls for a ceasefire and peace talks, saying "relevant countries should stop abusing unilateral sanctions" and "do their share in de-escalating the Ukraine crisis." Beijing condemned the "Cold War mentality" characterising the conflict in a swipe at the United States and NATO. The plan read: "The security of a region should not be achieved by strengthening or expanding military blocs." Russia has maintained its invasion of Ukraine was the result of concerns about a potential expansion of the international military alliance to include its neighbour. However, Joe Biden this week told Vladimir Putin the war itself had pushed Kyiv into presenting an application. He also noted Russia's strategy failed entirely as Finland and Sweden, who also resisted calls to join the alliance for decades, also applied to be members of NATO. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews