PSG stars have reportedly turned on Neymar after the Brazilian engaged in a dressing room row with the club’s sporting director Luis Campos. The Ligue 1 champions have endured a poor week after they were knocked out the Coupe de France by Marseille and lost to Monaco ahead of their crunch Champions League clash with Bayern Munich on Tuesday. Neymar has taken on a more prominent role within the PSG set-up in recent matches with Kylian Mbappe out with injury. However, he has been unable to inspire positive results as his side fell to two defeats in the space of four days. Now, it appears the Parisian's dressing room is not a harmonious place according to reports from France. Neymar had a huge argument with sporting director Campos after the Monaco loss as per L’Equipe with the 58-year-old criticising PSG players for a perceived lack of aggression. He was joined by club captain Marquinhos in airing his grievances. However, it appears not all of the changing room are on his side after being rubbed up the wrong way by the former Barcelona star. Neymar is said to have used harsh words about some of his team mates with 20-year-old striker Hugo Ektike being one of the worst affected. READ MORE: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Mikel Arteta's brilliant Arsenal The biggest game of PSG’s season so far will take place on Tuesday in a star-studded Champions League encounter with Bayern Munich. Mbappe remains a major doubt for round of 16 clash after picking up a knee injury against Montpellier at the start of the month. He has been included in the squad for the game but Galtier has stated that he does not think the Frenchman will feature. The 56-year-old he has said he is worried about the encounter espcially given the injury situation at the club. "If I wasn't worried, it'd be a serious problem," he said. "We have a busy schedule with a weakened squad. Yes, we're worried, but you have to stay clear. I understand the anger of the fans, but in these difficult times, we need unity. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges "This morning, we had to make and remake the lineup in relation to the health of certain players. The team that lined up had a totally different look to usual. We thought about the team but we had to modify it because some could not start. "There is no room for doubt, but there is the observation which cannot be concealed in the current circumstance. It will be a very important match against a Bayern Munich side who are recovering. We have to talk less, work more and be fair with our analysis."