Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced in the Autumn Statement the state pension would increase by 10.1 percent, in line with the September figure for inflation. This means the full new state pension will go up to more than £200 a week for the first time. But thousands of pensioners will not receive the increase with their state pension frozen due to where they live. For a pensioner to see their UK state pension go up each year, they must live in one of these areas: Express Money has created its own map to show where the UK state pension is uprated each year - and where it isn't. READ MORE: 'A shambles!' Pensioner hit by state pension shortfall after National Insurance error Campaign group End Frozen Pensions is calling for a policy change to ensure all Britons receive the state pension increase each year, regardless of where they live. The group tweeted a map showing the countries where a person will receive the yearly increase and where they will not. The campaigners said: “The frozen pensions policy is the result of a handful of historical social security agreements with countries to allow annual state pension uprating.” The EEA is made up of several countries across Europe, including:  The UK also has social security agreements with other countries, which include the state pension uprating being passed on. It does not increase in New Zealand or Canada. Those who live in these countries will usually see their state pension payments increase each year: READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver dispels common myth as she wins £1,050 in February draw If a pensioner moves back to the UK, their state pension payments will be increased to the current level. However, many older Britons may struggle to make the journey due to ill health or other limitations. The triple lock was reinstated in the Autumn Statement, after the policy was suspended the previous year. The triple lock guarantee ensures the state pension increases each year in line with the highest of 2.5 percent, the rise in average earnings or inflation. The full basic state pension is currently £141.85 a week and this is going up to £156.20 in April. People who receive the full new state pension will see their payments increase from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. A person typically needs 30 years of National Insurance contributions to get the full basic state pension and 35 years of contributions to get the full new state pension. A person typically needs 10 years of contributions to get any state pension payment at all when they reach state pension age, which is currently 66 for both men and women.