Former Chelsea and Newcastle winger Christian Atsu remains missing in Turkey nine days after the devastating earthquake that hit the country’s border with Syria. Atsu is believed to have been in a hotel in Hatay when the 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit south-eastern Turkey. Over 35,000 people are said to have been killed in the earthquake. Atsu, who joined Turkish side Hatayspor last summer, is among those who have not been located. Reports suggesting that the 31-year-old had been taken to a local hospital in the days after the eruption turned out to be untrue. Staff from his club visited the hospital named in reports but Atsu was not there. Atsu’s agent, Nana Sechere, revealed on Tuesday that he had been at the site of his client’s hotel. Sechere, accompanied by Atsu’s family, has located the position of the footballer’s room and found two pairs of shoes. JUST IN: Man Utd in battle with Chelsea for new Caicedo as '£15m bid rejected' He said: “It has been nine days since the earthquake and we still have not located Christian. I am at the quake site in Hatay with Christian’s family. The scenes are unimaginable and our hearts are broken for all the people affected. “During my time here we have been able to locate Christian Atsu’s exact room location, and we have found two pairs of his shoes.” He added: “Yesterday we received confirmation that thermal imagery was showing signs of up to five lives. However, I am told that the only real confirmation of life is through sight, smell and sound, and unfortunately we were not able to locate Christian.” Sechere also called for more support and resources for the rescue efforts. He continued: “This is a difficult situation and we are extremely grateful to all the Turkish and foreign rescue teams, local civilians and volunteers for their efforts and response in rescuing survivors. DON'T MISS...Football fan KO'd at West Ham vs Chelsea match is Wimbledon supporterGran with garden 'like Chelsea Flower Show' ordered to remove plantsChelsea star Pulisic forced to do forfeit after Kansas City Chiefs win “However, we urgently need more resources, including a translator, on the ground. Things are moving incredibly slow and as a result of that many rescues are being delayed, and lives are being lost due to the lack of resources available to the workers.” Atsu had scored a stunning 97th-minute winner for Hatayspor the night before the earthquake struck. The tricky attacker joined the club last summer after a short spell in Saudi Arabia. Prior to that, he spent eight years in English football after joining Chelsea in 2013. Atsu never played a competitive game for the Blues, instead enjoying a series of loan spells including at Everton and Bournemouth. Atsu then joined Newcastle on an initial loan in 2016 and made the deal permanent a year later. The Ghana international made 121 appearances for the Magpies before leaving in 2021.