Sam Heughan’s portrayal of Highland warrior Jamie Fraser has become iconic over the years, and readers may not be able to help to imagine the Scottish star in the role when they delve into the popular novels originally penned by American author Diana Gabaldon. Ahead of Outlander’s return to Starz this summer, some die-hard fans have been returning to the source material and have spotted some exciting Easter eggs hidden in the text. An eagle-eyed fan has uncovered a touching tribute to Heughan in Gabaldon’s eighth novel in the Outlander series, Written in my Heart’s Own Blood. This entry, published in 2014, follows the Frasers after settling in Northern Carolina. Their tranquil homestead is once again disrupted by a seismic historical event, this time the American Revolutionary War of 1775-83. While Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) works as a nurse for the Continental army, Jamie also puts his life at risk by serving as a high-ranking officer. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation The reference occurs in the aftermath of one of the many battles of the war in a place called Freehold, and was pointed out by Redditor u/victimizedbyphysics. One character explains: “The battle was fought nearby; Washington and the army have withdrawn to Englishtown, but a good many wounded soldiers have been given refuge by the inhabitants here. “We currently enjoy the hospitality of the local smith, a gentleman named Heughan.” Although Heughan doesn’t play a major role throughout the rest of the book, the name is a clear reference to the popular Starz adaptation. As the book was published in 2014, the same year the TV series began, it’s safe to assume Gabaldon slipped in the reference when she heard about Heughan’s casting. Other fans had also spotted several more references to the TV show’s cast within the pages of her later novels. Fiction_escapist commented: “Well, well... Looks like she was quite taken with,eughan like everyone else.” u/Direct-Thought-9443 replied: “Caitriona is the second name of Ellen McKenzie too.” DON'T MISS:Grey's Anatomy fans brand Ellen Pompeo's exit 'worst episode ever' [BACKLASH]Law and Order fans fuming as NBC drama takes month break [LATEST]Outlander fans thrilled as season 7 finishes filming [NEWS] u/Nanchika said: “In [Go Tell the Bees That I Am Gone], there is Caitriona McElroy/McCaskill, a young woman on the Ridge too.” And the original poster added: “And [Tobias] Menzies is in there, too. I have seen all three, but for some reason, I only consciously acknowledged Sam's name.” Despite the tribute in book eight, Gabaldon has previously admitted she wasn’t always on board with the Scottish up-and-comer being cast in the leading role. Speaking to The List, she recalled: “At this point, he had relatively little film work and just a series of extremely bizarre still photos - his IMDb page is strange.” “He is a very magnetic, charming young man and a very chameleonic actor, but he's different, physically different, in every part. Some of his photos are strange! “I was sitting there typing, ‘this man is grotesque, what are you thinking?’ But that's a running joke with Sam and I, now.” Thankfully, it didn’t take the author to warm up to Heughan’s portrayal, and the Scottish star will reprise the role of Jamie in two more seasons of the historical drama beginning this summer. Outlander season 7 premieres summer 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.