Arsenal head coach Mikel Arteta has unleashed fury on the PGMOL for its apology after a VAR mistake cost his side two points against Brentford on Saturday. The Gunners drew 1-1 at the Emirates Stadium, opening the opportunity for Manchester City to go top of the Premier League in Wednesday's crunch clash. Arteta's side were nearing a hard-fought victory in the London derby before Ivan Toney's 74th-minute equaliser. However, there was a widespread expectation that the goal would be disallowed due to Christian Norgaard, who teed up Toney, who was in an offside position. VAR Lee Mason had only focused on another offside incident earlier in the build-up, though, forgetting to draw the lines for Norgaard and ruling the leveller legal. On Sunday, the PGMOL confirmed its Chief Refereeing Officer Howard Webb had contacted Arsenal to 'acknowledge and explain the significant errors in the VAR process'. A statement read: "Both incidents, which were due to human error and related to the analysis of offside situations, are being thoroughly reviewed by PGMOL." JUST IN: Man Utd in battle with Chelsea for new Caicedo as '£15m bid rejected' However, Arteta understandably still feels aggrieved and let rip in his press conference ahead of Wednesday's top-of-the-table meeting with Man City. He told reporters: "We ended the game with huge anger because that wasn't a human error, that was a big not understanding your job, and that's not acceptable. I'm sorry. That costs Arsenal two points." And while it dealt a blow to Arsenal's title hopes, slightly dimming as City close in, the Spaniard insisted that the incident has made his squad stronger. "We appreciate the apology and the explanation at the same time. That's it. We have to move on," Arteta explained. DON'T MISS Lee Mason punished after Premier League ref at fault for Arsenal errorMan City boss Pep Guardiola issues Steven Gerrard apologyLiverpool star Robertson's moment vs Everton shows what they've missed "That has made the players, staff and our fans stronger to pass this hurdle that they put on us." When asked whether he was satisfied with the PGMOL's apology, Arteta made it clear that the pain of the error was going to take some time to heal. He added: "I will only be satisfied [with the apology] if they give me the two points back, which is not going to be the case." Mason has stepped down from VAR duties for this weekend's round of Premier League fixtures after being the subject of mass backlash. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here