Meghan Markle has made several public speeches since stepping back as a senior working royal, and three body language experts analysed two moments which saw the Duchess step on stage in front of an audience in 2022. They all said how confidently Meghan presents herself in public and put this down to her being an actress. Body language expert Louise Mahler reviewed Meghan speaking at the Invictus Games in April 2022, in The Hague, Netherlands. The Duchess publicly declared her love for her “incredible” husband Harry in front of an audience of thousands at the opening ceremony. She said she "could not love and respect him more" and then introduced him up on stage. Harry took the microphone from his wife and placed a kiss on her lips before starting his speech. READ MORE: Kate and Camilla both wore red outfits this week for key reason This public display of affection is unusual for royals unless it is a couple’s wedding day. Louise watched this moment and told Sunrise: “When she’s on stage, she’s so confident as a performer, turning as she speaks. “The kiss, however, she has all the rhetoric but none of the body language of someone who is actually affectionate. “So when he [Prince Harry] walked up, you would think you’d lean forward and put your arms into the cuddle. DON'T MISS...Clever method to cook rice in 25 mins - no boiling or steaming [VIDEO]Woman loses 6st after her life was ‘turned upside down’ [EXCLUSIVE]‘Kill weeds’ with a solution that's better than ‘industrial’ chemicals [COMMENT] “Instead, she put her hands flat on his chest and stood bolt upright. He then kissed her, she pushed him away and then moved," the expert claimed. Meghan gave her second public speech in September 2022 for the Opening Ceremony of the One Young World Summit in Manchester. Body language expert Judi James watched the moment Meghan and Harry arrived and said: “Meghan turned up to motivate her audience. “She arrived a little bit like a rockstar with Harry, they were the only guests that came down the stairs. READ MORE: Amanda Owen worth millions as earnings double from Our Yorkshire Farm “She was doing ‘baby waves’ to the crowds, that’s a modest bonding wave rather than anything too regal," Judi suggested. “But her elegance and the way she was dressed in a stand-out, red outfit, definitely underlined ‘the Duchess had arrived’. “It was fascinating, Meghan displayed extremely high levels of confidence, and we know she does because she’s an actress, and she’s good at smiling, what we’d call ‘smile and wave.’” Meghan maintained her confidence through the long presentation as connection specialist and body language expert Katia Loisel told 7Life. “We’ve got to remember, Meghan Markle is a polished performer, she is an actress,” Katia commented. “Now a genuine smile doesn’t last a very long time - a genuine smile does not last two to three minutes. “But Meghan smiles for minutes on end, seemingly having an amazing time. “In reality, when we have a really genuine smile, it’s fleeting and the area around our eyes creases with wrinkles.”