Notorious prisoner Charles Salvador, better known as Charles Bronson, is set to face a public parole hearing next month, the Parole Board has confirmed. It is set to take place over three days from Monday, March 6 and will continue to Wednesday, March 8.    An application by Bronson’s lawyers requesting the hearing take place in public was granted last year. Dubbed one of Britain’s most violent offenders, Bronson, 69, who changed his surname to Salvador in 2014 after the artist Salvador Dali, has been in prison for much of the last 50 years, often spending time in solitary confinement or specialist units. It is reported he is still being held at high-security HMP Woodhill in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. Bronson has had his sentence increased for attacking prison staff and taking them hostage after he was first imprisoned in 1974 for armed robbery.    However, as news emerged of Bronson’s possible release, his son George Bamby-Salvador has spoken out in support of his father. His son George claims Bronson “has not been violent or aggressive for nearly 10 years” and hopes to raise enough money to buy a caravan for his dad in Devon. He even launched a JustGiving page and hopes strangers will fundraise more than £32,000 to buy his father a caravan. Writing on the page, George said: “On March 6, 2023 Charles Bronson (now known as Charles Salvador) will be standing in front of the UK parole board with the hope of finally being released from custody and given the chance at freedom that he so much deserves.    “Charlie is no longer an aggressive criminal, he is a born again artist who has spent the majority of his prison life in segregation doing his artwork. “He has not been violent or aggressive for nearly 10 years. He is 70 years old in a few months and just wants to get out of prison and enjoy his remaining years as a pensioner, living in a caravan in Devon by himself near his family. “I am organising a fundraising campaign to pay for Charlie to buy a caravan in Devon when he is released from prison, hopefully on March 6, 2023. “We are very hopeful that he will be released at this parole. If he isn't, we will be using the caravan to give free holidays to families that don’t have much money, until the day he is released.”  