Many contend that she was simply groomed online into adopting extremist views and that she was a victim of child trafficking, and that she should be forgiven, have her citizenship restored, and be permitted to live in Britain once more with support and rehabilitation. However, proponents on the other side of the spectrum insist Begum should bear the consequences of her actions by having her citizenship revoked rendering her stateless. But, the situation is much more complicated than that; Begum's citizenship was revoked not for political means but for reasons of national security. This is a power that has existed under UK law since the British Nationality and Status of Aliens Act of 1914, which allows for the removal of citizenship from individuals involved in committing acts of terrorism. And that's exactly what Begum did—she supported and took part in acts of terrorism against innocent Syrians and engaged in mercenary activity against British allies. In addition to supporting and committing crimes against humanity, Begum also subscribed to a dangerous and radical ideology and valued it above the life her family had established in the UK. And to make things worse she stayed committed to her course after turning 18 -- expressing little remorse for her actions, when publicly questioned about her actions. One can only speculate as to the kinds of acts Begum and her allies witnessed and participated in if one recalls the horrifying spate of ISIS execution videos that were occasionally blurred in tabloids across the UK or startlingly shared on social media. Given all of this, you can see why the discussion surrounding Shamima Begum and her actions is so difficult for everyone – especially Muslims like myself – because Shamima not only used our religion for political gain in Syria, but she also amplified dangerous stereotypes about Muslims, essentially bolstering Islamophobia. Despite her horrific crimes I agree that Begum was still a child at the age of 15, when she fled to Syria, we still don't know the full extent of her psychological condition or how or when she was allegedly groomed. Begum has been rotting in a Syrian refugee camp since 2015 – and many Syrians feel that her time in their country should come to an end. I spoke to Maram Susli, a very controversial Syrian-Australian geo-political commentator, who said: "Whilst Syrians don't feel she should be allowed to walk the streets of the UK as a free woman she certainly isn't going to be able to walk the streets of Syria either. Britain is trying to shake off responsibility for a terrorist who was born and raised in their country. She should face trial in Syria as a British citizen." And it's still true that taking away someone's citizenship and making them a stateless person is a drastic measure. Unpalatable as it is Begum should be permitted to return back to Britain, where she would pay for her crimes in prison. Abdicating responsibility for our problems does not provide the solutions. In an age of terror, terrorists should be put behind bars, and Britain cannot afford to appear weak on the world stage.