A former aide to Princess Margaret has said she was "mad with fury" after watching Netflix's The Crown. Lady Anne Glenconner, 90, who was Princess Margaret's lady-in-waiting, also admitted she could not believe the "rather awful" portrayal of the late Countess of Snowdon. Lady Glenconner previously invited actress Helena Bonham Carter round for tea to advise the 56-year-old on Princess Margaret's mannerisms. The British peeress and socialite also revealed she confronted Bonham Carter over the depiction of Queen Elizabeth II's sister. She said: "I saw Helena Bonham Carter - she came to tea - about acting Princess Margaret: how she spoke and walked. I said I never saw her run. "After seeing Helena in The Crown, I was very disappointed with the portrayal and told her, 'It was rather awful, wasn’t it?'" JUST IN: Kate will 'never make nice with Meghan' as she believes Duchess 'orchestrated everything'  Lady Glenconner also told Oldie Magazine: "When they filmed Princess Margaret first meeting Roddy Llewellyn, we were sitting by a pool at what looked like a ghastly country club, they had me pimping for her, with us both in bikinis. "Princess Margaret never wore a bikini. So cheap. "They really should put a disclaimer at the beginning of The Crown, saying it isn't true." Lady Glenconner, who was played by Nancy Carroll during the series, is not the only person to have criticised The Crown. Dame Judi Dench, 88, who has previously played Elizabeth I and Queen Victoria, suggested a disclaimer should be added and accused the show of being "cruelly unjust". Sir John Major said the show's depiction of talks between the ex-Prime Minister and now-King Charles about the Queen's potential abdication were a "barrel-load of malicious nonsense". A Netflix spokesman previously said: "The Crown has always been presented as a drama based on historical events. DON'T MISS:University students barricade themselves into buildings in rent row [LATEST]50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream [REVEAL]Fern Britton pines for former family life as she yearns to go back [CELEB]  "Series five is a fictional dramatisation, imagining what could have happened behind closed doors during a significant decade for the Royal Family – one that has already been scrutinised and well documented by journalists, biographers and historians." Express.co.uk has approached Helena Bonham Carter's representatives for comment. 