Emmerdale actress Samantha Giles has been playing Bernice Blackstock in the ITV soap for 25 years and is still at the heart of many of its main storylines. Bernice is currently doing everything she can to buy the B&B from Eric Pollard (played by Chris Chittell) but is stressing over how she can get the funds in time. But with the 51-year-old's character worrying about her future in the drama, actress Giles has discussed her own career. Emmerdale star Samantha Giles appeared on Loose Women on Thursday to speak about her current storyline. As well as being asked about what's happening in the soap, talk turned to her personal life. Panelist Denise Welch questioned: "Do you see yourself staying at Emmerdale for much longer, are you still enjoying it as much as you did at the beginning?" In response, Giles teased she has considered taking on projects away from the fictional Yorkshire village. READ MORE: BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up She explained: "Well I am enjoying it. I've never lost that thing of wanting to go and do other things. "You know, like the stage, I really miss theatre, because it's like this. "You've got your audience there, you're having a relationship with your audience." So could it be that Bernice may soon make her exit from Emmerdale? While Giles has been in the ITV series for more than two decades, she has dabbled in theatre work during this time. She has featured in shows such as A Taste of Honey, Dead Funny, Season Greetings and Absent Friends. This wouldn't be the first time Giles would have left Emmerdale either if she did decide to go. She had her first exit storyline in 2002, before reappearing briefly in 2004 and then returning in 2012. DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [WARNING]Emmerdale teases 'explosive' fallout over Charity's baby bombshell [TEASER]Emmerdale fans 'work out' real Caleb Milligan is actually 'dead' [REACTION] It was in 2019 that Bernice once again left Emmerdale with the actress reportedly leaving "for pastures new". At the time, she said: "After seven fabulous years I am shortly to be hanging up Bernice’s aprons and leaving the dales to pursue other creative projects. "I will miss all the friends I’ve made on the show, but I’m very excited to be moving on to pastures new." She didn't stay away for too long though, making her comeback in 2021. Bernice has come to an agreement with Eric that she will buy the B&B after making a bigger bid than her sister Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler). However, she doesn't have the funds as her investor Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) couldn't convince Nicola to take his shares in the cafe in order to free up some money. So will Bernice be able to achieve her dream of owning the B&B at last or is this going to push her to leave for good? Emmerdale continues to air three nights a week on ITV.