 The burgeoning Scream Queen was first diagnosed with autism as a young child and as a determined teenager decided to take on Hollywood on her own. Charlotte Kirk, 30, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk at the premiere afterparty of her newest horror flick, The Lair, hosted by Madox Tavern.  Dripping in glamour at the premiere, Charlotte insists that she is almost a completely different person compared to her younger years. The Ocean’s Eight star was originally diagnosed with autism at a very young age, praising the help she had from others as she went through school. She told Express.co.uk: “I had a lot of help growing up, social workers and amazing support. It’s so weird people look at me now and say, ‘You’re not autistic’." Adding that she’s “come a long way”, the actress admits that moving to Los Angeles at the age of 19 may have thrown her “into the lion’s den”.  Charlotte continued: “Meeting me now is very different to me when I was 19, my mum would say my issue is I’m trusting. “I believed everything I heard and they knew that.” The actress is referring to the legal battles she is currently embroiled in with titans of Hollywood over sexual assault and harassment allegations. While voices like Rose McGowan have spoken out in support of Charlotte’s fight, the actress has remained silent due to gag orders and NDAs.      She continued: “I can’t speak to my psychiatrist, I can’t speak to my doctor, I can’t speak to no one.” Taking her time to be selective about her wording, Charlotte explained the situation: “In a nutshell, I went to LA when I was 19. A lot of s**t, bad s**t, happened.” However, the actress revealed her work has helped her throughout this ordeal, and has even become a form of therapy. She admitted: “Even now I hate being interviewed, I love being a character but being myself scares the s**t out of me.  “If I’m in character you can have four, five cameras around me I don’t mind, I’m playing someone else but when it’s myself, I don’t know. “Acting is my therapy.” Charlotte notes that she’s not a method actor, but does use her personal life to connect with her character and “find a way to be as truthful as possible”. Despite steadily growing to fame over the years with a string of films over the last few years, the actress maintains some humility saying: “I’m just a girl from Bexleyheath with autism who moved to LA determined to do this.”  Her latest horror film also held a special first for Charlotte, as she put it: “Mum playing mum!” The actress explained: “She wanted a cameo in there and we gave her a couple lines. “The lines didn’t make it in but she was brave. She stole the show.” The Lair is available to watch on Shudder.