Three years ago, Newnight’s Emily Maitlis interviewed Prince Andrew at Buckingham Palace about his relationship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. What was labelled a “car crash” interview with the Duke of York’s bizarre claim that he “didn’t sweat” is now being adapted into a Netflix movie called Scoop. The behind-the-scenes dramatisation is based on Newsnight Producer Sam McAlister’s memoir Scoops: Behind the Scenes of the BBC’s Most Shocking Interviews and features an all-star cast. Gillian Anderson will be playing Emily Maitlis herself, opposite Rufus Sewell as Prince Andrew. They’re joined by Keeley Hawes as Amanda Thirsk, the former Private Secretary to the Duke of York and Billie Piper as Sam McAlister, who negotiated and secured the bombshell interview. McAlister herself said: “It is beyond my wildest dreams, especially as a first time writer, to end up working with this extraordinary cast, Netflix, and the amazing teams at The Lighthouse and Voltage. Watching Billie Piper, one of my favourite actresses, play ‘me’ will be a pinch myself moment and I’m truly thrilled to be involved in this film.” Scoop’s synopsis reads: “The inside track of the women that broke through the Buckingham Palace establishment to secure the scoop of the decade that led to the catastrophic fall from grace of The Queen’s ‘Favourite son’. From navigating Palace vetoes, to breaking through to Prince Andrew’s inner circle, the high stakes negotiations and intensity of rehearsal - to the jaw dropping interview itself. SCOOP is the insider account of the inner workings of the Palace and the BBC, twin bastions of the British Establishment, spotlighting the journalists whose tenacity and guts broke through the highest of ceilings - and into the inner sanctum and calculations of a man with everything to lose.” READ MORE: Prince Andrew The Musical viewers in dispute over 'disgusting' spoof Director Philip Martin added: “I’m thrilled to be directing this film for Netflix and - together with an extraordinary cast - to be bringing Sam McAlister’s revelatory insider’s account to the screen. Uptempo, immersive and cinematic, I want to put the audience inside the breathtaking sequence of events that led to the interview with Prince Andrew - to tell a story about a search for answers, in a world of speculation and varying recollections. It’s a film about power, privilege and differing perspectives and how - whether in glittering palaces or hi-tech newsrooms - we judge what’s true.” Scoop, which has now entered production, is yet to have a Netflix release date announced.