A severed penis has been discovered lying on the ground outside a petrol station in the US. Police were called to the scene following a disturbing report that a detached male body part had been found on the station forecourt. CCTV footage showed a black truck pulling into the Alabama station to fill up before driving off as the penis fell to the ground. One employee told local reporters: “It was a whole d**k.” Following the report, police descended on the station, located in the port city of Mobile on Alabama's gulf coast. The area was taped off while officers investigated the incident, which has shocked the local community. They then searched the area for further evidence. READ MORE: Idaho murders suspect 'vanished' for several hours under police surveillance  Investigations link the horrifying discovery to Christopher Means, 29, a man killed in a motorcycle collision on the nearby motorway I-10, which sweeps almost 2,500 miles across the southern US. Police were called to the scene of a crash at around 6am on Monday January 30 and Mr Means was pronounced dead. According to a police statement, the preliminary investigation revealed he had been riding "southbound on the I-65 ramp to Eastbound I-10 when he lost control of the motorcycle". Means was pronounced dead at the scene after losing control and being “struck by multiple vehicles”, police said, noting how only “one driver remained at the scene”. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry told to 'move back to UK' [INSIGHT]Lawyer of raped student's family 'blown away' by consent claim [REPORT]Vancouver warned about decision to decriminalise heroin [LATEST] Police are now calling on anyone who may have been involved to come forward. They urge: "If you were in the area or think you may have been involved, please contact Traffic Homicide Investigator Colton Futral at (251) 208-1272." The grim discovery is not a regular occurrence but other horror stories have been reported at gas stations. In December last year, police investigating the brutal murder of a petrol station employee uncovered the decomposing body of a pregnant woman in the suspect's flat. READ MORE: Shocking dash cam footage shows moment driver kills motorcyclist by crashing into his bike Montgomery County police made the discovery in the home of Torrey Moore, 31, who they believe fatally shot 61-year-old Ayalew Wondimu at the Dash-In convenience store at a Shell station earlier that day. Authorities at the time said Moore began arguing with the clerk as he paid for several items, then opened fire after they got into a physical altercation. Investigators later spotted Moore in a surveillance camera video walking across the street to an apartment complex, and determined he lived there. A SWAT team then stormed his rental property. After arresting Moore, police searched his home and found the woman’s body in “an advance stage of decomposition".