Michael Gove has been spotted on the dance floor once again, following his partying exploits in Aberdeen last year. The Levelling Up minister, 55, can be seen with another woman, moving to Donna Summer’s 1977 classic I Feel Love.  The divorcee was videoed in the 1980s-themed nightclub Tropicana in his home city of Aberdeen. The senior Tory has told locals he was in the Scottish city to visit his mother Christine and decided to head out on the town. Tony Cochrane, who owns the club, posted on social media: “Michael Gove having wee boogie at Club Tropicana tonight.” The Sun reported one partygoer saying: “He appeared a bit tipsy but not drunk and was clearly having a good time.  "Some recognised him but a lot didn’t know who he was and just let him get on with it. After a while, this girl went to chat with him and they had a dance together. It was all a bit of innocent fun." This is the second occasion the MP for Surrey Heath has been caught cutting shapes in the Granite City. The father-of-two was filmed in August 2021 in another Aberdeen night spot, this time raving to drum’n’bass at Bohemia. The club night, called Pipe, had been dubbed as "an unpredictable mix of the most high-energy UK and global club music scenes". The Daily Record reported that Mr Gove attempted to get away without paying the entry fee. READ MORE: SNP leadership hopeful Kate Forbes 'sets fire' to campaign just after after announcing bid Manager of Pipe, Adam Taylor, said: "He was saying he shouldn’t have to pay because he is the chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. I told him that my co-manager, Nina Stanger, was upstairs playing Jungle and going hard. Michael said, ‘I love dancing’ – and did he ever." Friends of Mr Gove denied that he tried to avoid paying for entry. This comes in the wake of Brexit controversy surrounding Mr Gove after it emerged last week that the senior minister attended a private cross-party summit addressing the economic failure of the EU withdrawal. No10 insisted Rishi Sunak had not been aware in advance of the cross-party gathering at the Ditchley Park retreat in Oxfordshire. DON'T MISS: Huge earthquake of 6.4 magnitude hits Turkey weeks after devastating quake  Former Brexit Party MEP told Express.co.uk: "This private cross-party summit was extraordinary. Ditchley Park is all about global corporations and super-national institutions, with the great and the good coming together. "It says a lot that the people who met chose to meet there and it gives their mindset away. They are not championing British national interests but are talking about global cooperation. 