Channel 4's hit series Gogglebox is about to celebrate its landmark birthday and original cast member Sandi Bogle has expressed an interest in returning. March 2023 will see the reality series celebrate 10 years on screens. The star said she was not surprised the show had seen success for so long, with millions of viewers continuing to tune in on Friday evenings. “I think they will do something special. That’s what the fans are crying out for. And if it does happen, I would be happy to go back. “Of course I would want to be part of it. I’m one of the originals. I’d just be me,” she told the Daily Star Sunday.  "They’re everyday people. It’s real. It’s what people do every single day... watching TV," she added. "And it’s a show about bringing people together. You can get your food in and watch it as a family.” She left the show seven years ago but is still a showbiz personality, having recently attended a launch party for a mobile game inspired by Rise Of The Footsoldier. She appeared in eight seasons of Gogglebox before making her exit and it acted as a springboard for her TV career. She went on to appear on Celebrity Big Brother, Celebrity Fit Farm, and Famous and Fighting Crime. Sandi appeared alongside her bubbly friend Sandra Martin, who went on to feature with her daughter Chanchez after Sandi quit the show. The star is on Instagram and she has been keeping fans up to date with her latest showbiz ventures. She shared her appearance on GB News where she talked to hosts about whether people should ditch their pets to save the planet. DON'T MISS... Gogglebox favourites confirm new show weeks after quitting Gogglebox's Kate Bottley announces mother’s death in touching tribute Gogglebox star Ellie Warner unveils baby bump with boyfriend Nat She shared: "A massive thank you to MARK DOLAN and GBNEWS UK for having me on their live tv show tonight I had an incredible time. "And NO we must NOT ditch our dogs to save the planet. It’s human beings that are destroying our planet NOT DOGS." [Sic] Gogglebox will be back with its 20th season later in February although an official release date is yet to be announced. The show's original cast members include Stephen Webb and the Siddiqui family, and both are still a part of the series. The Michaels were one of the original families but they left after two years in 2015, making a return soon after. In August 2021, fans were shocked to hear of father Andrew's death at the aged 61. The Allen family also formed part of the original cast along with Steven Dermott and Michael Wilcock and Stephanie and Dominic Parker. Leon and June Bernicoff were also fan-favourites, as well as the Trapper family. Gogglebox will return to Channel 4 for its 10th anniversary soon.    