Elvis Presley's private jet has sold at auction for £216,000 ($260,000) after being left abandoned in New Meixco for almost four decades. The 1962 Lockheed 1329 Jetstar began with an opening bid of $100,000 before the gavel dropped at more than double the price. The singer previously bought the plane for $840,000 less than a year before his death in August 1977. It is own of several private jets owned by Presley with two currently on display at Graceland, according to the Mecum Kissimmee Collector Car auction in Florida. The plane boasts custom red velvet upholstery and gold-finish hardware. It also has an onboard Kenmore microwave, television with a VCR player and cassette player. The cabin is wood panelled and trim with window shades. READ MORE: Nikki Haley has a crucial DeSantis problem as candidate not a priority  All six of the chairs swivel and have recline functionality. The plane had previously been left to rust at the Roswell International Air Center (ROW) since its purchase. The plane was advertised as an incredible restoration opportunity to create an Elvis exhibit for the world to enjoy. Lockheed introduced the popular model in September 1957—the same month RCA released Elvis’ single “Jailhouse Rock.” When Elvis took ownership of this particular JetStar, registered with the FAA as N-20TF, the entertainer was no stranger to luxurious aviation acquisition. He had already amassed a modest fleet, which included a custom Convair 880 named the “Lisa Marie” that went by the call sign of Hound Dog 1, along with a second JetStar identified by its call sign of Hound Dog 2. DON'T MISS Beloved giraffe breaks its own neck after getting stuck in zoo gate [INSIGHT]US admits three UFOs shot down over America likely 'benign' [ANALYSIS]'Essential' laundry technique to dry clothes quickly [VIDEO] With a busy touring schedule, these crafts were needed to transport the singer, his TCB band, backup groups, Col. Tom Parker and the ever-present Memphis Mafia to venues, concerts and appearances all around the country. Elvis kept several pilots on retainer that were ready to fly him to adoring fans at a moment’s notice. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews