Ivanka Trump spent Valentine's Day on a beach with her husband, Jared, and their three children. In a post to her fans, Ivanka shared a few photos of herself and her family, alongside the caption: "Spending Valentine's Day with the sweetest Valentines." In her post, Ivanka looked gorgeous in a pale blue dress with black finishes. Her dress had slightly puffed, three-quarter-length sleeves, and a round neckline. The bodice also seemed to feature buttons running down its centre. Her skirt, meanwhile, was tiered and pleated. Its hemline was black, matching the outline of the loose belt tied around her waist. The belt was tied in a ribbon-style, adding a playful twist to the dress. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims Ivanka seemed to wear slip on sandals while on a beach, before taking them off and going barefoot in some of the photos. Her blonde hair was styled straight, lying long over her shoulders. Her make-up was minimal. Ivanka's outfit matched those of her children and husband, as they too wore blue outfits. The 41-year-old's sons donned matching pale turquoise t-shirts and white shorts, while her daughter wore a white t-shirt and seemed to be carrying a cross-body bag with a blue strap. Jared, meanwhile, wore a navy blue, long-sleeved top with a matching pair of jeans. He completed his look with a navy blue baseball cap. The family seemed to have been eating a Valentine's Day meal beside a long, low table on the beach, adorned with a white table cloth. There were red roses on the table and matching cushions surrounding it. Candles and placemats were also part of the romantic scene. As it got dark, it seemed Ivanka and Jared had put fairy lights up, which also adorned their wide-brimmed, cream umbrella. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests Royal fans were quick to comment on Ivanka's pictures, and many were impressed by what they saw. Instagram user @foodieeinmiami wrote: "Beautiful. Happy." User @ivankafilters commented: "This is perfect!" User @imleyva said: "Beautiful family." User @jojosim48 added: "So beautiful!" User @sac71935 wrote: "How absolutely beautiful. Such a sweet and loving family. You all touch my heart." Ivanka is a fan of blue dresses and jumpsuits and has been seen wearing summery looks in the hue in recent months. Last month, she was seen in a denim jumpsuit as she left a hair salon in Miami. The jumpsuit had a prominent collar, a zip, and frayed edges. The 41-year-old combined it with a pair of pink trainers and large, black sunglasses. Her hair was pinned back and she wore tiny, diamond earrings.