Last April, Prince Harry sat down for another tell-all interview with TODAY’s Hoda Kotb. During the conversation, he spoke about family life in the US, a visit to Queen Elizabeth II and the Invictus Games. Body language expert Louise Mahler gave her analysis of the Prince. Louise joined Sunrise and commented on Prince Harry’s body language display. She claimed: “Prince Harry is always trying to disappear into himself. “My favourite thing there is he’s leaning forward but his back is crinkled, this means his breath isn’t working. He opens his arms and then immediately snaps them in. “Then you’ll notice that he puts his hands on the inside of his knees and tries to withdraw, and they call that turtling, trying to go back into your shell.” A clip from the interview played where Prince Harry was lean leaning forward and running his hand down the inside of his calf. READ MORE: Prince William’s astrology chart ‘speaks volumes’ about his future Louise commented: “See that with his hands?” One of the presenters remarked: “That to me looks like he’s relaxed, he’s sitting down for a nice friendly chat, no?” Louise claimed: “Nobody does that, nobody does that! Nobody puts their hands in - I’ve never seen that and I’ve never done that in my life! “The man wants to disappear - he’s not comfortable.” But there is a role Prince Harry is comfortable portraying, the body language expert suggested: “He’s comfortable in the royal as the protector, and he does everything to be the protector, tight fist, tight mouth.” DON'T MISS...Skincare experts share ‘key’ to preventing ‘wrinkly and saggy’ skin [EXCLUSIVE]A review of Leonardslee House and Restaurant Interlude [COMMENT]Expert shares humane deterrents to keep squirrels out of your garden [GUIDE] Inbaal Honigman, celebrity psychic and body language expert previously told Express.co.uk how “uncomfortable” Prince Harry “looked during the interview, nor does he look committed to his words”. She also noted “his hands clasped in front of him, his feet planted firmly on the ground,” and suggested these were signs of someone who was perhaps feeling “defensive”. The expert added: “The positioning of Harry across from Hoda is incredibly telling - they're sitting in identical chairs, and the chairs do not look comfortable, but Hoda does! Look at her, legs elegantly crossed, leaning back, hands gently draped over one another, a legendary disarming smile on her face, engaged and charming. “Harry is as uncomfortable as the chair he's sitting in, stiff and distracted.” READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie are like 'town-based socialites' claims expert Inbaal also spotted the moment Harry “rubbed his hands down his legs” and said it was to “perhaps to ease uncomfortable sweaty palms”. But noted how his “smile is a little stiff and unnatural”. When it comes to answering Hoda’s questions, Harry “uncharacteristically makes a few attempts”. Inbaal said the questions he was asked were not difficult, but before Harry answers, he “uses the sound ‘erm’, sucks his teeth, looks around, and only then speaks”. Inbaal added: “While he's thinking, he looks down and to his left, which may indicate he feels sadness or thinking about a moment which causes him unhappiness. “Most fascinating of all, when he attempts to say ‘Home for me now.... is the States’, it comes out as the longest sentence in history. “He's looking from side to side, he's shrugging, he's repeating words, he's pausing multiple times. “The full transcript of this single, simple sentence is:“’D’ya know. Home... home for me now... is.. is... is.. for the time being.. it's...it's in the... it's in the States. And it really... and it feels that way as well.’” And Hoda replied: “Does it?" Inbaal added: “For once, we see a Harry who is unsure of himself, overthinking every word, and uncertain of where he stands in life."