Prince George was left "confused and annoyed" by an activity at school which was designed to emphasise the importance of being environmentally friendly. Georges father, the Prince of Wales, once revealed that his oldest son took part in litter-picking sessions, which left his son frustrated about the state of the planet.  It comes as the past 12 months have seen sweeping changes for the Royal Family - not least the for the Prince and Princess of Wales and their children. Not only did they move from Kensington Palace in London to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor, Prince George and Princess Charlotte started at a brand new school. They were joined by their younger brother Prince Louis at Lambrook School - but despite being royals, the trio are treated like all other children and take part in all lessons. It was the same at George and Charlotte's previous school of Thomas's in Battersea, South London, where the pair enjoyed their early education.  Speaking to a BBC podcast in 2021, William divulged: "So George at school recently has been doing litter picking and I didn't realise but talking to him the other day he was already showing that he was getting a bit confused and a bit sort of annoyed by the fact they went out litter picking one day and then the very next day they did the same route, same time and pretty much all the same litter they picked up back again. "And I think that for him he was trying to understand how and where it all came from. He couldn't understand, he's like, 'well, we cleaned this. Why has it not gone away?’" William has been very vocal about turning the tide on climate change and environmental problems and set up the Earthshot Prize in order to find solutions to the climate crisis. And he's previously said that he was concerned that George and his generation might still be talking about climate change in decades to come. He added: "But it shouldn't be that there's a third-generation now coming along having to ramp it up even more. "And you know, for me, it would be an absolute disaster if George is sat here talking to you or your successor, you know in like 30 years' time, whatever, still saying the same thing, because by then we will be too late." Once finishing his time at Lambrook, much like William, it is incredibly likely that George and later Louis will follow in their dad's footsteps and attend Eton College at the age of 13. The famous school charges a whopping £48,501 a year and was set up by King Henry VI in 1440. It counts other royal alumni such as Prince Harry, Prince William of Gloucester, The Duke of Kent, as well as Sam and Arthur Chatto.