Princess Charlene wore her Akris long coat with an Akris gown at an event on Sunday night. The event in question was a charity gala dinner that was held for the Princess Charlene Foundation in Courchevel. The dress Charlene wore is the Akris "Belted Embroidered-Tulle Gown", which retails for a whopping £6,136.36. The description says: "Akris' sleeveless tulle gown is elevated by intricate tonal embroidery and a complementary horsehair belt for convertible styling." Charlene's dress has a round neck, is sleeveless and contains a belt made of horsehair. Princess Charlene loves the brand Akris, and is almost always wearing something from the brand. READ MORE: Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others   The website says: "Founded in 1922 in St. Gallen, Switzerland, the name Akris was derived from founder Alice-Kriemler Schoch's initials. "The entrepreneurial designer first started designing dotted aprons with intricate embroidery and soft cotton, which quickly grew into a full line of ready-to-wear. "Almost 100 years later, the brand is now helmed by her grandsons. "Creative Director Albert Kriemler continues to pay homage to his grandmother through polka-dot lined clothing, luxe fabrications and modern design—which now include sleek accessories like the cult-favourite AI trapezoidal handbag."  Princess Charlene's black long coat is also from Akris, having previously worn it in 2019 on a visit to the Monaco Cathedral. Royal fan @L35404 tweeted: "She looks beautiful." The owner of Chic Happens boutique, Claire Robinson, spoke to Express.co.uk about Charlene's love of Akris clothing. She said: "Princess Charlene is undoubtedly a huge supporter and fan of Akris. She loves wearing their clothes and despite being quite a private royal, she has uncharacteristically publicly praised the Swiss Fashion House. READ MORE: Meghan Markle poured heart out on Valentine's Day: 'If I had my way' "It’s easy to understand why. Akris is a prestigious and truly authentic third-generation family-owned business. "A rare gem in an industry where so many great fashion houses have been bought by huge corporate entities. "It’s a fashion house with a true soul, vision and a three-generation inspired identity. Princess Charlene has such a beautiful and individual sense of style and Akris’s signature way of embodying effortless modernity reflects her individually elegant yet edgy style." According to the expert, Charlene finds a balance between looking "elegant" but also looking "sexy".  She explained: "Princess Charlene has a unique and enduring style. She is consistently elegant and sexy, which is a hard balance to strike. "She often opts for shoulder-baring dresses, body-hugging gowns, and she always maintains an edgy Princess vibe with her signature blonde pixie cut. "She certainly emulates so much of Princess Diana’s style. Yet, she is definitely a style icon in her own right. "In the 12 years since she's been a Princess, Charlene has never worn a bad outfit. She knows her own style and nails it every time." 