Outlander fans around the world are patiently waiting for the Frasers’ return in season seven of the hit Starz show, which is set for a summer 2023 release. In the meantime, cast members Sam Heughan, Richard Rankin and Sophie Skelton have given fans an exclusive look behind the scenes and shared some filming secrets in a revealing Instagram video. Skelton revealed she “knocked the wind” out of her co-star during a pivotal scene in Outlander’s fourth season. The insight was revealed in a special video showcasing one of the show’s biggest sets which will feature heavily in season seven. “Welcome to our version of Selling Wilmington!” Heughan exclaims to kick off the featurette. Viewers were then treated to an extensive look at the show’s painstakingly crafted sets which bring the port to life, including a key location for Claire and her daughter. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series “We’re coming round to one of my favourite bits of the town, and of this amazing set where it all really opens up,” Skelton said. The actress first shows the viewers the inn where Brianna and Lord John Grey (David Berry) stay to visit the pirate Stephen Bonnet (Ed Speleers) in prison. She then leads the tour onto the location for one of the show’s most emotional scenes, Brianna’s reunion with her mother Claire. After travelling back to 18th Century Scotland and running foul of Bonnet, Brianna finally catches up with her parents in the States. She meets her father, Jamie (Heughan), for the first time, before Claire comes around the corner and is stunned to spot her daughter. “Right here is where Jamie and Brianna sat on a little bench over here,” she pointed. “And this is where Brianna is reunited with her mother for the first time in the past. “Claire comes down these stairs, sees Bree, and I ran and gave Caitriona a hug that actually did knock the wind out of her.” DON'T MISS:Big Bang Theory’s Mayim Bialik sparks uproar with Jeopardy return [BACKLASH]Lockwood and Co boss shares season 2 cast wishlist [EXCLUSIVE]The Handmaid’s Tale fans convinced Hannah ‘saved’ by June’s mum [THEORY] The video reminds Outlander fans of the hug in question, which certainly could have been painful as Skelton gave herself a long-running start. Their reunion is still one of the show’s most emotional moments, and fans can expect an equally tear-jerking scene once Claire breaks free from her captors at the start of season seven. Heughan gave fans just a little sneak peek at what fans can expect from the season premiere. “Down here is where Claire is currently being held prisoner,” Heughan said, gesturing towards Wilmington’s jail in which her dingy cell lies. Outlander’s lead actor has seen the evolution of the series from its early beginnings in 2014 and revealed the Wilmington set has seen a number of changes. “The streets have grown considerably over the years,” Heughan confirmed. “We’ve added more and more frontage. Some of these buildings are only fronts, others are indoor-outdoor if you’re interested in buying some property here in Wilmington.” The show’s followers were incredibly impressed with the craftsmanship behind the Wilmington set, and they can hopefully expect more sneak peeks to come before Outlander’s highly-anticipated return. Outlander season 7 premieres summer 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.