All households in the UK that watch live TV must own a TV licence. Priced at an annual fee of £159, this bill can add significant pressure to a person’s monthly budget, depending on how they choose to pay it. However, some Britons are entitled to claim a 50 percent discount, and some can even get one for free. A TV licence is a tax to fund public broadcasting and by law, any household in the UK that watches live TV must own one. But while living costs remain high, households have been feeling the financial pinch. As many search for ways to cut costs, Britons are being urged to check if they’re entitled to any additional support, and one bill people often forget to consider is the TV licence. For many, renewing the TV licence is commonplace, however, there are certain conditions that could entitle someone to a lower fee. If requirements are met, people can claim discounts ranging from 50 percent to 100 percent, which can help make a sizeable cost saving. READ MORE: Tesco launches new 'premium' meal deal with four million combinations  There are a few groups that could be entitled to claim a TV licence discount, and these include people who are severely blind, people aged over 75 years old that receive Pension Credit, and those residing in care homes. The amount of discount a person receives depends on which group the person falls into. Who is entitled to a 50 percent discount? People who are blind (severely sight impaired), or live with someone who is blind, could be entitled to a blind concession TV licence. This would reduce the annual fee from £159 to £79.50 for a colour TV licence and £26.75 for a black and white TV licence. DON'T MISS: Ofgem price cap drop good news for Government but not for Britons [INSIGHT] Top three cash ISAs with high interest as April deadline looms [ANALYSIS] Thousands of Universal Credit claimants could see payments cut [EXPLAINED]    According to the Royal National Institute of Blind People charity, there are 340,000 people registered as blind in the UK at present, making it crucial to ensure that such a large group are aware of the significant discount available. In order to get the blind concession licence, people must provide at least one of the following documents to confirm they are certified as blind: When they provide this once, they won’t need to provide this information again when they renew their TV Licence. For people who live with someone who is blind and already has a TV licence, they’ll have to transfer the licence into the name of the person who is blind, in order to claim. READ MORE: Martin Lewis 'hopeful' Jeremy Hunt will cancel 20% energy bills rise  However, it must be noted that those who are partially sight impaired will not qualify for the 50 percent blind concession. Who is entitled to a free TV licence? If a TV licence holder is 75 years or older and they, or their partner living at the same address, receive Pension Credit, they could be entitled to a full discount. Pension Credit is a benefit that tops up the state pension for people on a low income, however, it currently has a significantly low take-up despite many being eligible, according to the charity Independent Age. So, it could be a good time for people to check if they’re eligible for Pension Credit, as it can also help people claim other things like housing benefit, or help with heating bills, council tax, NHS dental care, and so on. People who are 75 or over and live in a residential care home may be covered by an ARC (Accommodation for Residential Care) TV licence and also won’t have to pay for a licence - even if they don’t receive Pension Credit. TV Licencing advises people to speak to their care home administrator to find out. How to cancel a TV licence People who need to cancel their TV licence can do so by filling out a cancellation request form. Tv Licensing may then pay a visit to check if the household is correct to have cancelled - it says these inspections find one in five households do need one.  A household will need a TV licence if they want to watch or record TV programmes live as they’re broadcast. This includes all programmes on any channel and the same rules apply to those who watch live TV from a laptop, PC, tablet, or phone. A licence is also needed if members of a household download or watch programmes broadcast on BBC iPlayer - live, catch up, or on demand. However, they will not need a licence if they only ever watch catch-up TV (not including BBC) or streaming services like Netflix or Disney+. If a licence is needed, the household will have to pay the full licence fee and may risk prosecution plus a fine. How much is the TV licence fine? Failing to pay for a TV licence when it’s needed is a criminal offence and fines can vary by location. Those who are found to have streamed a programme live without a licence in the UK mainland could face a £1,000 fine, while those in Guernsey could face fines of up to £2000, and in Jersey, £500. 