A cryptocurrency firm which had been backed by some MPs and a premier league footballer has disappeared - with thousands of pounds unccounted for. Phoenix Community Capital started last year as a cryptocurrency project and investment scheme, and at one stage claimed to be worth $800million (£665million). But mystery surrounds the business as its website has disappeared. The firm had close links with two all-party parliamentary groups (APPGs). These are informal groupings of members of the House of Commons and House of Lords, that have no official status within Parliament. Phoenix Community Capital was reportedly a sponsor of one APPG, while its co-founder Luke Sullivan spoke at an event for another. But in September 2022 the company appeared to vanish. Its website was offline and the social media pages went quiet - the last tweet made by the company was on September 8. The firms "nests" - its investment portfolios - have become unreachable to its 8,000 users. One investor, Alan Rogers, a former Premier League footballer, said he had lost around $50,000 and he believed the founders were no longer involved. Another investor told the Guardian they had lost around £5,000, adding: "I got greedy buying the nests. The returns were ridiculous to be honest... Obviously people just kept on buying more nests with the returns rather than cashing out.” Some reports suggest the firm has been taken over by someone known only as "Dan", who promptly informed investors he had no responsibility towards them. The new company incarnation, led by Dan, claimed that an estimated 1,000 investors had made returns on their investments, amounting to $57 million. In comparison, around 7,400 went into a loss of about $87 million. READ MORE: FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried under house arrest [REVEAL] The crypto firm had donated £5,000 to the affiliated APPG on blockchain in 2022, according to crypto.news, and also appeared as a corporate partner on their website. This APPG is headed by SNP MP Martin Docherty-Hughes, who denied any contact or knowledge of Phoenix. While APPGs are chaired by MPs, they are often run or funded by lobbyists and corporate donors seeking to influence government policy or gain credibility. Mr Sullivan was also welcomed to an event by the leader of another APPG, Pola Uddin, a non-affiliated peer who was formerly a Labour councillor. She could be seen praising Mr Sullivan in a video on the House of Lords terrace, where she said he was “an expert and I know he is very deeply committed to empowerment of the community”. DON'T MISS: Sam Bankman-Fried denied bail in ‘one of the biggest financial frauds' [REVEAL]FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried arrested in Bahamas month [INSIGHT]Crypto reputation takes 'blow' after FTX collapse [ANALYSIS] Prof Birgitte Andersen, of the Big Innovation Centre, said it was “wrong to bring APPGs into the controversy of Phoenix Community Capital”, adding: “There is no relationship.” She said the company "didn’t participate in the APPG blockchain evidence sessions to my knowledge” and that the APPG and its secretariat "behave transparently, ethically, and our evidence and expert speakers add to evidence-based decision-making for policymakers". Mr Docherty-Hughes said: "I have spoken on several occasions in the house and elsewhere about the pernicious use of opaque funding in our politics, and the loopholes that still exist which allow individuals and companies to influence the political process without requisite scrutiny. It has been clear to me for some time that APPGs are one such back door that has been left wide open, giving access and privileges around parliament to people who really don’t deserve it." He added: "The vast majority of APPGs, including those I am a member of, would have nothing to fear from tighter regulation that ensured transparency and accountability in the process of funding this vital work." On her hosting of a breakfast sponsored by the company, Lady Uddin said: “I was informed by the organiser that Mr Sullivan was an expert in his field of work and involved with schools and committed to improving technology education in the community. I merely reiterated that information which I was given in the meeting.”