Nike insist their stance on Mason Greenwood remains unchanged, according to reports. The Manchester United striker recently updated his Instagram bio to include the sports manufacturers after charges were dropped against him. His future at Old Trafford remains uncertain at the current moment in time, with the club conducting their own investigation behind the scenes. Last week, charges were dropped against Greenwood. And that means the 21-year-old is now free to play football again, with United confirming they were conducting an investigation before determining the ‘next steps’. In their statement, the Red Devils said: “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. “We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Late on Sunday, Greenwood returned to social media. The United striker put the club back in his bio on Instagram, as well as Nike. However, Nike have told The Mirror that Greenwood remains no longer their athlete - having dropped him following his arrest in January last year. They insist their previous statement remains applicable now. They said last year: “Mason Greenwood is no longer a Nike athlete.” Greenwood also edited his Instagram page now it shows just nine images. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The oldest is him celebrating his goal for United against Leeds on the opening day of last season, with the two clubs set to lock horns on Wednesday. Images of his goals against Wolves, Southampton, and Young Boys remain. And his most recent post is from January last year, where he scored for United in a 3-0 victory over Brentford in London. It was claimed on Friday night that United staff members were split over whether the 21-year-old should be allowed to return to the fold. Some apparently think it’s best if Greenwood stays away, especially given the club’s impressive season so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Others, however, think the Red Devils have a ‘duty of care’ - with the striker being on their books since the age of six. It was also reported on Sunday that United players think Greenwood’s potential return would be a ‘distraction’. A source is quoted by The Sun as saying: “The players are open to him returning to the team but the scrutiny could be massively distracting. “The dressing room is the happiest it has been for ages and no one wants to rock the boat.” Greenwood himself thanked his family and friends for their support during the process. “I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support,” he said. “There will be no further comment at this time.” Greenwood won’t be training or playing for United while they conduct their investigation. His last match for the club was a 1-0 win over West Ham at Old Trafford last year, with Marcus Rashford scoring the winner that day.