 It comes as opinion polls indicate his grip on the Republican Party has weakened since last November’s underwhelming midterm elections. However, he remains the frontrunner. Karoline Leavitt, who worked as assistant press secretary in Trump’s White House, attended his speech at the New Hampshire Republican Party base in Salem on Saturday. She told Express.co.uk: “President Trump’s visit to New Hampshire on Saturday reinvigorated his base. “Republican activists and grassroot voters are overwhelmingly supporting his bid for President already, and I suspect that will only grow as he continues highlighting the disastrous policies of Joe Biden and takes aim at his potential GOP challengers.” Leavitt, who revealed she is not working on Trump’s 2024 campaign, added: “Anyone considering beating Trump in New Hampshire is wasting their money and time.” The viewpoint was not shared by Republican strategist Alex Olson, who was also in attendance and witnessed a lack of “excitement and energy” among the crowd.   Olson is unlikely to herald the return of Trump to the Oval Office any time soon though. He is a key member of a campaign supporting the man widely seen as his main rival: Ron DeSantis. He told Express.co.uk: “People believe he [Trump] has lost his mojo, they don’t see the excitement and energy of 2016 because Trump isn’t new again. “Trump was new in 2016, everyone wanted a piece of him, nobody knew what they were getting, but now we know what we are getting.” Of the possible match up with DeSantis, who is yet to officially declare though is expected to, he added: “Even though polling shows Trump and DeSantis tied, or Trump slightly ahead, DeSantis hasn’t even launched his campaign yet. “The fact that there is so much momentum for a candidate who hasn’t officially launched is a testament to his leadership ability and his capability as a viable candidate for the general electorate.” Trump’s appearance in both states marked his return to the campaign trail having officially launched his 2024 bid last November at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida.  During his two-stop tour, Trump pledged: “This campaign will be about the future. This campaign will be about issues. “Joe Biden has put America on the fast-track to ruin and destruction and we will ensure that he does not receive four more years.” Critics of the ex-POTUS have suggested momentum is flowing away from Trump towards Florida Governor DeSantis, 44. The fact the two share a strong bond with Florida makes the head-to-head even more interesting. Formerly political allies, the pair have locked horns in recent days with Trump branding DeSantis “disloyal” and DeSantis pointing out he scored a record re-election victory in the 2022 gubernatorial race. Trump’s South Carolina rally was a much bigger affair than the annual GOP meeting in New Hampshire, though nothing like the enormous scale campaign events of 2016. Following the leadership launch, the ex-President was seen engaging with members of the public as he took snaps at an ice cream parlour in West Columbia.  DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT]  Pastor Mark Burns, who backed Trump in 2016 and unsuccessfully stood in South Carolina’s 4th House district, shared with Express.co.uk how the former President was received. He explained: "I know some reporters have claimed the President is having a low-energy campaign but the reality of it is there's a lot going on behind the scenes and we're still two years away from the election and there's a lot that is happening which is extremely high energy but not designed for the public eye. "I can speak specifically for the event in South Carolina, it is Trump country, South Carolina is absolutely Trump country." Pastor Burns suggested the energy levels on Saturday did in fact mirror what was seen when Trump announced his first bid in 2015, adding: "The atmosphere is absolutely better really and the event in South Carolina was not a typical rally. "His support is clearly greater because two years prior to the election you have South Carolina's main Republican elected officials already endorsing Donald Trump and already standing behind his campaign. That didn't happen in 2015 and 2016."  However, prior to the event, Trump campaign insiders were reportedly ringing up Palmetto State Republicans pleading with them to attend the leadership launch. Another high-ranking Republican warned the ex-POTUS looks set for a “crushing” defeat in 2024. The unnamed GOP source told Express.co.uk: “Trump is out there promising things he cannot deliver, such as defunding schools that teach critical race theory. “People remember his ‘build a wall’ promise. He didn’t get it done, and now people are going to be slow to believe his campaign promises. “2024 is not 2016 and if he campaigns like he did in 2016 and 2020, he’s going to get crushed.” A recent Morning Consult survey put Trump as the 2024 frontrunner on 48 percent of the vote, with DeSantis trailing in second on 31 percent. However, other opinion polls suggest DeSantis could emerge victorious in the Republican Party’s looming primary election if he declares. The archetypal purple state narrowly sided with Hillary Clinton in 2016 but decisively backed Joe Biden three years ago. However, though the Granite State’s Governor is Republican Chris Sununu, New Hampshirites have not voted for a GOP nominee in a general election since George W Bush in 2000. Sununu may yet put even more pressure on Trump after he revealed he was considering launching his own White House bid. Despite potentially taking on two South Carolina natives, ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and Senator Tim Scott, Trump looks likely to win in the Palmetto State. A Trafalgar Group Republican primary poll put support for the 45th President at 43 percent. DeSantis was in second place on 28 percent.