Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity has hit rock bottom following the release of a recent South Park episode, a new opinion poll has suggested. Support for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex slumped yet again after taking a further blow following the couple's Netflix docuseries in December and Harry's memoir Spare.  A Redfield and Wilton survey conducted for Newsweek revealed that Prince Harry's net approval rating fell from -7 percent in January to -10 percent on February 19. The father-of-two's approval rating has tanked by 48 points since December 5, when he registered a positive net score of 38 percent. Meghan's ratings also fell as her 23 percent rating in December collapsed to -17 percent in February, having stood at -13 percent in January. The couple were reportedly rocked by the release of a recent South Park episode which implicitly slated the pair. JUST IN: Camilla health concerns as Queen cancels visit but Palace insist she's recovering well South Park depicted a fictional Prince and Princess of Canada embarking on a "worldwide privacy tour". The episode led to speculation that the Sussexes were considering legal action. However, a spokesperson said: "This is baseless and boring." Support for other members of the Royal Family has seemingly received a boost in Redfield and Wilton's most recent survey. King Charles was handed a positive approval rating of 11 percent, salvaging much of the four points he lost following the release of Spare. Queen Camilla, who received several broadside shots from her step-son in his memoir, recovered her ratings from -8 percent in January as she is now liked by 23 percent of Americans and disliked by another 23 percent. Despite comments made about Prince William, including even about his hair, the Duke of Cornwall's 28 percent net approval rating is seven points higher than his support in January. But it is still somewhat lower than the 40 percent net approval rating he received in early December. Kate Middleton remains America's most popular living member of the Firm, with a net approval rating of 32 percent. But similarly to her husband, she is still short of her December score, which soared to 43 percent. Following South Park's recent episode, several royal commentators warned Americans were turning their backs on the Sussexes. Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer said: "I do think it does show that liberal America is turning against them and is fed up with their moaning really, I suppose to put it bluntly." Conservative commentator Megyn Kelly claimed: "When South Park turns on you, there's no recovering." Royal biographer Angela Levin added: "I think a lot of them don't like it because they care about the family and they think they've been just vile about the family." 