Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp only made one signing in the January transfer window and, despite crying out for another midfielder to add to his ageing squad, no deal has materialised this month. The German explained that the funds were not there to bring in a player during the season, but there are other reasons to explain Liverpool's hesitance in the transfer market. The Reds have been struggling for form in the Premier League and are lagging behind in the race for a top-four finish, which would secure Champions League football. While 10 points is hardly unassailable in a league as unpredictable as the English top flight, Liverpool have looked far from the world-class operators that challenged for the title last season. And Klopp has indicated on several occasions that he needs some fresh impetus in the midfield areas, especially with Jordan Henderson, Thiago Alcantara and James Milner all the wrong side of 30. More important, however, is getting the right player - not just any midfielder. His top target is widely known to be Jude Bellingham, the Borussia Dortmund sensation who is expected to leave Germany this summer. READ MORE: Liverpool's Sander Berge interest, £10m deal and Bellingham wait  With a fee expected to exceed £100m for the 19-year-old and a mid-season move almost impossible, Klopp and sporting director Julian Ward have already begun the charm offensive, but they will wait until the summer before launching a concrete bid for his signature. Similarly, Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes has emerged as a potential target and the Portuguese is keen on a move to Anfield. But FIFA regulations state that players cannot play for more than two clubs in a season, handing Liverpool another reason to delay their move. What's more, Liverpool have displayed in the past a reluctance to spend big in the winter market. Not only does it deny players the chance to embed themselves into the team, Klopp likes to work with players on the training ground and get them up to speed with his 'heavy metal football'. DON'T MISSLiverpool face missing out on dream Bellingham deal for two reasonsJude Bellingham told how to seal Real Madrid transfer by CarragherLiverpool blow as Bellingham to receive historic offer to scupper move  Even when the Merseysiders suffered their worst injury crisis in recent memory two seasons ago with four defensive injuries, Klopp only brought in Ozan Kabak on loan from Schalke. Later that summer, the club paid £35million to sign Ibrahima Konate from RB Leipzig, and the Frenchman has proved to be a fine acquisition. As Klopp and many other managers have reiterated before, the January market can be a difficult month to navigate. Players become available late in the window, clubs are always looking to sign replacements and injuries can force managers to make panic buys. Finding a player worthy of Liverpool's squad is near-impossible. Instead, Klopp will wait patiently for the summer window to arrive when Bellingham and Nunes become realistic transfer targets. Until then, the 55-year-old must make do with the squad at his disposal and prove the Reds are still one of the top teams around by gunning for a top-four finish. 