Haley said: "Republicans have lost the popular vote in seven out of the last eight presidential elections. "That has to change. Joe Biden's record is abysmal but that shouldn't come as a surprise. "The Washington establishment has failed us over and over and over again. "It's time for a new generation of leadership to rediscover our fiscal responsibility, to secure our border and strengthen our country, our pride and our purpose. "Some people look at America and see vulnerability - the socialist left see an opportunity to rewrite history, China and Russia are on the march. "They all think we can be bullied, kicked around. You should know this about me, I don't put up with bullies and when you kick back it hurts them more if you're wearing heels. "I'm Nikki Haley and I'm running for President." Haley is expected to deliver further remarks about her 2024 bid on Wednesday for her campaign launch event in Charleston, South Carolina. The ex-Palmetto State Governor teased entering the race for several weeks before her announcement video. Despite being tipped as a dark horse in the Grand Old Party (GOP) primary race, the 51-year-old previously vowed not to challenge Donald Trump for the conservative crown. However, Haley joined her former boss on the ballot after the 45th POTUS revealed he would contest his third successive election in November 2022. Her website, Nikki Haley For President, is encouraging supporters to cough up between $10 and $500 to fund her campaign. Recent opinion polls suggest Haley's candidacy could inadvertently pave the way for Trump to win the GOP nomination. A YouGov survey gave Trump a 10-point lead over leading Republican rival Ron DeSantis, with Haley languishing behind even Mike Pence in fourth place on five percent. However, reports suggest that Republican insiders have warned against underestimating Haley. Trump was previously accused of overlooking Haley when asked by reporters about her prospects in a potential GOP race. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT] The 76-year-old reportedly told Haley: "Go by your heart if you want to run." He responded to Haley's announcement within minutes on social media, citing recent polling data. Trump said: "Doing great in poll numbers. "Leading all Republicans by a lot, also leading Biden by a very wide margin, which means that our weaponised Injustice Department, local DAs and Attorney Generals will step up their illegal and unprecedented attacks in order to disparage me with false 'bull....' and statements in the hope that I will be damaged enough to allow a RINO, or Biden, to 'slip through the cracks'. "But be careful, the American people get it, and don't like what they are seeing. MAGA!"