Prince Andrew's portrayal in an upcoming Netflix docudrama may see King Charles III reconsider his part in his Coronation. Rufus Sewell will portray the disgraced Prince in a dramatised account of the infamous Newsnight interview with Emily Maitlis in 'Scoop', the platform announced this week. Royal insiders believe the renewed focus on the controversy may persuade the King to remove his brother from a key Coronation role. The Daily Mail's Ephraim Hardcastle suggested the Netflix film may persuade Charles not to include him among his "luminaries". The King requires four people to hold a canopy over his head while he is anointed on May 6. Mr Hardcastle said the honour should fall to a Knight of the Garter, the most senior order of Knighthood in the UK. He added that, with many vacant positions and a host of members who are too frail to carry out the duty, the King is considering assigning William, the Prince of Wales and his three siblings. READ MORE: Prince Andrew interview movie announced starring Gillian Anderson Prince Andrew, Anne, Princess Royal and Prince Edward are among the order's Royal Knights and Ladies Companion. But Mr Hardcastle said the upcoming film may have given the monarch "second thoughts". Netflix has cast Rufus Sewell as the Duke of York in Scoop, with a host of British A-listers to join the Knight's Tale alum. Gillian Anderson will play BBC Newsnight journalist Emily Maitlis, the lead producer and interviewer who quizzed the Prince in 2019. Doctor Who star Billie Piper has signed on as Sam McAlister, the producer who secured the sit-down with the royal. Ms McAlister also wrote the book 'Scoops: Behind the Scenes of the BBC’s Most Shocking Interviews' on which the film is based. Viewers will see Keeley Hawes play Amanda Thirsk, the Prince's former private secretary. Former Crown director Philip Martin has signed on to direct the film, which was adapted by Peter Moffat. Scoop does not yet have a release date, with filming having started in London this month, but it has already generated considerable buzz. Mr Martin teased the film would be "uptempo, immersive and cinematic" and that he hopes to "put the audience inside the breathtaking sequence of events that led to the interview with Prince Andrew". He added that the film would "tell a story about a search for answers in a world of speculation and varying recollections". He concluded: "It’s a film about power, privilege and differing perspectives and how – whether in glittering palaces or hi-tech newsrooms – we judge what’s true.”