One in ten even crush them to pour them straight into their mouth, while 28 percent lick their fingers in order to pick up every last crumb in the packet. The study also revealed 69 percent have an unconventional style when it comes to their enjoying their chips in private. And 71 percent believe crisps should be eaten in a certain way to make them taste better. The research was commissioned by Doritos after hundreds went online to reveal the “secret” ways they snack – including submerging chips in dip to make them soggy, and eating crisps with cutlery to avoid getting dusty fingers. Taste expert Natalie Alibrandi, who has collaborated with the snack brand, explained the science behind why adults may choose an unusual eating method. She said: “Lots of the secret snacking styles are proven by science to increase enjoyment. “For example, eating lots of crisps together achieves a concentrated flavour burst, and nibbling prolongs flavour exposure.” The study also found the North West was the “finger-licking capital”, with 34 percent licking their fingers to mop up the last few crumbs at the bottom of each packet. And London was the city of shy snackers, with 19 percent eating theirs as quietly as possible so they can enjoy them on their own. Residents of the West Midlands were a group of unsubtle snackers, as a third have been caught red-handed when unleashing their favourite ways to munch. And Gen Z was found to be the age group which is the most experimental, with 21 percent dipping their chips while holding it in their mouth, and 21 percent opting to warm their crisps up in the oven before eating them. Others admitted to dipping their tortilla chips in cups of tea (13 percent) or a milkshake (13 percent), while 23 percent eat their tortilla chips with chocolate for that salty sweet hit. As the social media generation, 44 percent of the younger age group have also been inspired by Instagram, TikTok, or Facebook to try a new snack. Alex Nicholas, from Doritos, which commissioned the research to launch its new “Doritos Devour” ad campaign, said: “There’s no doubt that we’re a nation with bold snacking styles – and while some of us feel confident to air them in social situations, many of us only feel confident unleashing them behind closed doors. “We celebrate individuality, and we want people to enjoy our bold flavours and crunch in fun and unique ways, however and wherever they choose. “That’s why we have teamed up with flavour expert Natalie Alibrandi, to empower snackers to embrace their own ways to enjoy tortilla chips. “Natalie reminds us that while the habits of licking the flavour off, chomping through a few at a time, or nibbling each chip bit by bit may not be everyone’s cup of tea, they can maximise the taste experience – and so we say just go for it.”