House of Cards star Robin Wright, 56, was married to Sean Penn, 62, from 1996 to 2010, with the pair recently sparking reconciliation rumours when they were pictured together at a Los Angeles airport. The actress has now broken her silence on the Hollywood reunion, squashing rumours, and admitting the pair have built a "beautiful" relationship for their children. Robin and Sean tied the knot in 1996, five years after welcoming their daughter Dylan in 1991 and three years following the birth of Hopper in 1999. However, their relationship came to an end in 2009 when Robin filed for divorce, with it being finalised in 2010. The pair sparked reconciliation rumours last month when they were pictured together at LAX airport, however, Robin shut down rumours of a romance. She recently told E! News: "We were going to an event for our children. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits "We're always gonna be a family, whether we're together or apart, you know, and I think that's beautiful and I wish that for everybody." A source at the time confirmed to PEOPLE that the pair were not romantically involved. The source said: "They are both single right now and get along great. "Sean has always said that Robin is the love of his life. He regrets many things that happened during their marriage. He really enjoys spending time with her now." The sighting was the first time the pair had been seen together since 2017, when they had a similar outing to visit their son Hopper. Both Robin and Sean recently ended their new relationships last year, with Penn finalising his divorce from Leila George in April 2022. Similarly, Robin filed for divorce from Clément Giraudet in September 2022 after four years together. In 2014, Robin recalled her "devastating" divorce from Sean to the Telegraph. DON'T MISS... Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [COMMENT] Olivia Wilde sets record straight as Super Bowl post sparks backlash [INSTAGRAM] NYPD Blue child star Austin Majors found dead at aged 27 [DEATH] She admitted: "Divorce in and of itself, and with children, is devastating. Worse than that. "One of the reasons why we got back together and broke up so much was trying to keep the family together. "If you've got kids, it's a family, and you try again, and you try again. We did that for a long time." Penn also spoke to Vanity Fair just after the divorce in 2010, saying that Wright was "a ghost to me now." He said: "We spent all those years together. Now she's just gone." Sean also discussed his life after Robin filed for divorce in 2018 on the WTF With Marc Baron podcast, admitting that the couple "don't have a lot of conversation". He added: "We don't not get along. We have very separate relationships with our kids at this point and it seems to work better that way because they are making their own decisions. "As it turned out she and I did not share the same ethical views on parenting, including the continuing parenting of adult children."