The average family uses their washing machine regularly, up to 10 times a week, according to Currys, which is a lot to put the washing machine through. While it may seem like the household appliance doesn’t need to be cleaned, limescale, mildew and mould can all thrive inside the drawer and drum, while hair can get caught in the filter. Currys experts explained: “The great thing about being able to wash your clothes at a lower temperature is that it can save energy and cut down our environmental impact. “The downside is that mould and dirt can build up in the washing machine. Not to worry, here’s what you should check to identify the cause of your smelly washing machine.” Door seals can be a great place for mould to hide, so gently pulling back the rubber flaps can unveil anything which is stuck in it. The detergent drawer is a perfect breeding ground for bacteria and mould due to leftover residue, and the drum can also become caked in limescale. READ MORE: Four steps to get a peace lily to flower again - ‘correct’ care needed To keep the appliance in its best condition, the experts at Currys recommend performing a maintenance wash, which is a deep clean using a specialist cleaning solution. The experts said: “A maintenance gets rid of any bacteria, stains, sludge and mould that might have built up inside the washing machine. “Plus, it clears out any old water that might be left in the drum. We recommend doing it once a month.” To do a maintenance wash, make sure the machine is empty and use a specific cleaning solution before setting it off on a hot cotton cycle. DON'T MISS:DIY expert shares home improvements to ‘avoid at all costs’ [EXPLAINER]Method to kill driveway and patio weeds in an ‘instant’ [COMMENT]‘Best’ method to clean yellow pillows and banish odours - 40p tip [INSIGHT] When the cycle ends, pull back the seal and wipe away any debris, leaving the door open until everything inside dries out. If you’ve run out of washing machine cleaning solution, you can make your own using two cups of white vinegar, half a cup of water and a quarter cup of baking soda, mixing it well before using. The pros added: “It’s also worth cleaning your detergent drawer after every maintenance wash, to stop old detergent deposits from building up and affecting performance. “To do a proper clean, you’ll need to completely pull out the drawer. It should be pretty easy to do this. Simply pull the drawer out as far as it can go, then look for a catch to press down that lets you remove it from the machine. READ MORE: Four houseplants that remove dust from any room in the home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “In most models, it’s right in the middle - if you can’t see it, check out your manufacturer’s instructions. Now wash your drawer in a sink full of warm soapy water. “Take out any compartments that are easily removable and give everything a good scrub. Then rinse, dry and reassemble. “Slot it back into your machine but before you do this, give the drawer slot a good wipe too.” The final maintenance step involves cleaning the filter, which is located at the bottom of the machine. It should be cleaned every four to six weeks to keep the appliance working well. Britons may need to remove a small cover to access it and some water will leave when the filter has been removed. This means it is important to place some towels down to protect the floor. The experts noted: “Unscrew the filter and let the water flow out. Then clean the filter by running it under hot water. Screw it back on tightly, replace the cover, and you’re all done.” It is also important to give the glass for a wipe, both inside and out with an antibacterial wipe or cloth as sludge can also sometimes build up on this area. If you’ve got extra time, give the front of the appliance a clean too to make sure it stays clean.