Meghan Markle's choice of dress for her engagement photoshoot raised eyebrows among royal fans. Questions started after the publishing of the photos, with the photographer for the shoot, Alexi Lubomirski, claiming that he wanted to capture shots which looked "accessible and relatable". Although the results were every inch of royal glamour, the cost of Meghan's dress, in the "relatable" black-and-white images, concerned royal fans. The dress chosen reportedly cost $75,000, which equalled around £62,000, which raised many eyebrows in light of the photographer wanting the shoot to appear "accessible [and] relatable," according to the Daily Mirror. The dress that Meghan wore for the photoshoot was a stunning semi-sheer dress with feather detailing and a ruffle skirt. The dress was from London-based designer, Ralph & Russo's AW17 collection. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: King and Queen to sideline Harry and Meghan in Coronation humiliation While the choice did raise concern, other royal fans loved Prince Harry's fiancé's choice. Royal fans, in favour of the dress, took to Twitter to express their love. One fan wrote: "I can't with these two. Also, I'm going to go broke from buying clothes to look like Meghan Markle." Another fan wrote that the dress choice was "goals". READ MORE: Meghan and Harry forced to 'scrounge' as millions dry up – new claim Speaking previously of the shoot day, Mr Lubomirski claimed that it was an "honour" to have been "asked" to capture the special images. He added that it was a "great privilege" to have been present to be a "witness to this young couple's love for one another". He said that the photographer captured the couple's "happiness" for one another. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] Harry and Meghan's wedding day took place just six months after their engagement, in May 2018. Their special day, which was held at St George's Chapel in Windsor, was reportedly one of the most-watched royal weddings in history.