The official Instagram account for the Royal Family shared clips from the Earl of Wessex's visit to the UK seaside resort following the visit on Monday. Upon seeing the video, royal fans were quick to spot a very striking resemblance to another member of the Royal Family - Prince Edward's nephew, and King Charles III's eldest son, Prince William. Royal fans were initially convinced that the footage was of the heir to the throne, particularly due to Edward's posture and mannerisms, which closely resembles his nephew. People quickly took to the comments to share their thoughs, with one royal fan writing: "I see a strong family resemblance between Prince Edward and Prince William. As he's walking toward the crowd at the beginning of the clip, with his back to the camera, he could easily be mistaken for the Prince of Wales." Another wrote: "Prince William looks a lot like him." READ MORE: 99-year-old Holocaust survivor shares sweet exchange with King Charles A third commented: "I agree! I thought it was William at first!!". As well as commenting on the resemblance to his nephew, royal fans also gave their praise for the late Queen's youngest child, with one user calling Edward a "huge positive asset" to the Royal Family. One user said: "What a wonderful royal role model, Prince Edward is." Another included his wife, the Countess of Wessex, and wrote: "Prince Edward and Sophie represent the commonwealth so marvellously. They are bright and shining stars." READ MORE: King Charles offers helping hand by opening Highgrove House to the public as 'warm space' The aim behind the visit was to highlight the charity’s work in breaking down barriers for young people from deprived areas and marginalised communities. During his visit, Edward popped into Thames Primary School to see young DofE volunteers in action, before moving on to South Shore Academy and then The Oracle youth venue. Whilst at all of the educational establishments, the young people were able to tell the royal about their positive experiences of the scheme. DON'T MISS Edward has recently become more active in his role as a member of the Royal Family, particularly since the late Queen's health started to decline. The Queen's youngest son and his wife Sophie got married in 1999 and have two teenage children, Lady Louise Windsor, 19, and 15-year-old James, Viscount Severn.