Cristiano Ronaldo is set to be seething after his former Real Madrid team-mate Sergio Ramos sided with Lionel Messi in the debate over which player should be considered as the greatest player of all time. Ronaldo and Messi are considered two of the footballing greats and have been locked in a career-long battle for individual supremacy. Ronaldo played alongside Ramos for nine years at the Bernabeu Stadium, with the duo winning four Champions Leagues, three Club World Cups and two La Liga titles during their time as team-mates. The Portugal international departed Spain in 2018 to sign for Juventus, with Ramos heading for the exit three years later to join Paris Saint-Germain. Ramos came up against Messi time and time again during the forward’s career at Barcelona. But the two players now find themselves playing for the same team in France. And the defender insists Ronaldo is no match for his current colleague. “There was suffering for several years playing against Messi,” Ramos told PSG TV. “I am now enjoying him. He is the best player football has ever produced.” DON'T MISS: Man Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before dramatic turnaround    Messi came through the Barcelona academy after moving to Spain from Newell's Old Boys in Argentina just days after his 13th birthday. He went on to spend 21 years at the Nou Camp and finished his Barca career with an incredible 672 goals and 303 assists in 778 games. The 35-year-old won four Champions Leagues, three Club World Cups and 10 La Liga titles during his time in Spain before moving to PSG a month after Ramos had completed his transfer. Messi has two more Ballon d’Ors to his name than Ronaldo after winning the accolade for the seventh time in 2021. And last year he finally got his hands on the biggest trophy in world football as he helped Argentina win the World Cup for the first time since 1986. And this spring, the veteran will be aiming to help PSG lift their first Champions League trophy. READ MOREChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer       Ronaldo, meanwhile, swapped Europe for Saudi Arabia at the end of last year after signing for Al-Nassr. The 37-year-old started the season with Manchester United but had his contract terminated last November following an explosive interview with Piers Morgan, in which he claimed he “felt betrayed” by the Red Devils and had “no respect” for manager Erik ten Hag. Ronaldo went head-to-head with Ramos and Messi in the Riyadh Season Cup last month and bagged a brace as a Saudi All-Stars XI took on PSG. But the forward has struggled for form with Al-Nassr and has only scored one goal in three appearances for his new team.  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!