The presenter has hosted many episodes of Autumnwatch, which first aired back in 2005. However, it was confirmed on Thursday that the BBC had axed the offering. Taking to Twitter this afternoon, the 56-year-old broke her silence on the matter in view of her 146,000 followers. The small screen regular said she was "overwhelmed" by the comments she had recieved since the news was announced. However, Michaela said she is focusing on the positives, including the upcoming run of Springwatch. The nature series, which also featured Chris Packham among its presenters, charted the fortunes of British wildlife during the season and aired on BBC Two. READ MORE: Denise Welch hits back as she gets 'flack’ over unedited swimsuit pics Announcing its cancellation, the BBC said it faces "challenging times financially". Michaela reacted online, posting: "I've been overwhelmed at all the comments about #autumnwatch and the BBC's decision to axe it this year. "Goes to show how treasured the Watches are." She continued: "Of course it's disappointing, but let's focus on the positives. "@BBCSpringwatch is not far away and we'll work hard to make it a corker." Her words were accompanied by a snap of herself and Chris, 61, hosting the offering, with the caption: "Goodbye Autumnwatch." The mother-of-one was soon inundated with replies, with one user stating: "Love both #springwatch and #autumnwatch. It was so comforting during covid just seeing images of wildlife and the sounds of nature - did wonders for my well-being. "If it ain’t broke @BBCAutumnwatch then why fix it? Also I have a guilty crush on @ChrisGPackham." DON'T MISSJohn Torode admits 'I disappear' in marriage to wife Lisa FaulknerDebbie Harry looks radiant as she ditches signature blonde hairVicky McClure finally addresses inappropriate premiere dress A second told her: "To to be replaced with repeats, game shows or reality TV… I would much rather have Autumnwatch, they should leave it alone." The BBC previously said the show would not take place in 2023 and beyond as it seeks to "focus" its resources on content that has "the highest impact". Instead, it will direct more money into sister programmes Springwatch and Winterwatch. A statement said: "These are challenging times financially and we need to make difficult decisions and focus our resources on content that has the highest impact. "Sadly, this means that Autumnwatch will not be continuing. Instead, we are investing more money into Springwatch and Winterwatch, as they are most popular with audiences. "We are incredibly proud of the Watches and would like to thank the presenters and production team who will continue on Springwatch when it returns in May for three weeks, and Winterwatch when it returns next year for one week, reduced from two weeks." The Watch programmes are broadcast live from locations around the country and rely on dozens of crew and hidden cameras operated remotely. The series began in the mid noughties, with the success of Springwatch prompting the BBC to commission a one-off special of Autumnwatch, which became a full series in 2006. Winterwatch began in 2012.