 Netflix hit crime drama, YOU will finally return to screens this week with its eagerly awaited fourth season. Ahead of the premiere, newcomer Charlotte Ritchie has paid tribute to Joe Goldberg star Penn Badgley.   The last time viewers saw Joe, he had killed his wife Love Quinn (played by Victoria Pedretti) and faked his own death. He then relocated to France, presumably looking for his obsession, Marieanne Ballamy (Tati Gabrielle), who had moved to Paris with her daughter. Although fans are yet to see how Joe will adapt in the French capital, it’s been revealed the serial killer will eventually find his way to London. There he will take on a new persona as Johnathan Moore, a literature professor at a prestigious university. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie  A teaser trailer revealed Joe will have a new obsession as he said: “Hello Kate,” in his familiar and sinister tone. He continued: “You’re like the human embodiment of an iceberg, cold, sharp and something tells me there’s more to you lying just below the surface. “You might even be hiding more than I am.” Following in the steps of his previous victims, the trailer also showed sporadic clips of Kate looking concerned and anxiously looking at her phone.     Despite his character’s disturbing ways, Kate star Charlotte Ritchie had nothing but nice things to say about Penn. As she spoke on “reprehensible” character Kate clarified: "Not to Penn of course, Penn’s lovely. “He’s very thoughtful and very funny. It was really nice to let off steam by laughing about something stupid because the show can be quite heavy. "We had lots of interesting conversations. I’ve noticed many people say he thinks a lot and is interested in lots of things," she added to Radio Times.  DON'T MISS...Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT]Charlotte Ritchie relfects on 'nerve-wracking' Call the Midwife role [INSIGHT] You season 4 trailer hints Joe’s secrets exposed [INSIGHT]   Unlike the previous instalments, Joe will find himself wrapped up in a mysterious murder as a reluctant detective. A new London-based serial killer will become the focus as they begin to kill wealthy students after coining the term "eat the rich". As his peers will begin to speculate his true motives, Joe will play detective to control the narrative and direct the attention elsewhere. Kate will also be one of many to be suspicious of Joe’s new identity and she will make her dislike for him known.    As the new female lead, it’s been revealed Kate is an art gallery director who is smart and independent. Although she will initially hate him, a picture of the two characters kissing on set was leaked which could suggest a new romance for Joe. However, it's yet to be seen if Kate will suffer a similar fate as Joe’s previous victims or if she will make it out alive YOU season 4 premieres on Netflix on Wednesday, February 9. 