Leftover food from a roast dinner can be used for a second meal the following day but it is even better fried up into one pan and served as bubble and squeak. Often made with a mixture of cooked meats and vegetables, one of the best things about this classic British recipe is that you can add almost anything into the mix. However, according to one chef, there is a single ingredient that is crucial to make your bubble and squeak the best it can be. Getting your weekly fix of seasonal vegetables is easy to do by adding them to a Sunday roast and they can be reused in many other ways if you have any going spare. Whether it's carrots, sprouts, peas, courgettes or parsnips that are a family favourite on your dinner table, they can all be reheated or even mashed up to make something entirely new. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Lisa Marley plant-based chef and head trainer at ProVeg UK said: " One of the best ways to use up leftovers is with a classic bubble and squeak. The name supposedly comes from the noise the dish makes when cooking and dates back to the 18th century. "The key to a delicious bubble and squeak recipe is leftover potatoes, and the more the better." READ MORE: Pasty wars break out over Greggs plans to launch Cornish branches  No matter whether you served them mashed, roasted or boiled in your original dish, Lisa noted that "you can go to town" with the spuds - and any other leftover ingredients in your fridge. She said: "You can even add unconventional ingredients such as chestnuts, lemon zest and nuts, though traditionally, it would be leftover vegetables such as cabbage. "The vegetables are packed together and vert dense, then fried to form a patty." While bubble and squeak is often made to use up spare scraps of food, it can keep for up to three days more after being fried into a flavoursome breakfast, brunch or lunch dish. DON'T MISS...Genius fried egg technique to flip them and never break the yolk [INSIGHT]Five 'seasonal' vegetables you can spiralise for a 'lighter meal' [TIPS]Spiced parsnip soup recipe to enjoy 'sweetness' of in-season veg [RECIPE] To make Lisa's exclusive recipe, you will need:  The recipe serves four people and takes just 10 minutes to prepare. Once ready, you can cook the dish in 15-20 minutes ready to serve hot from the pan. To make the bubble and squeak, start by adding all of your ingredients - apart from the oil, into a large bowl. Season with a generous helping of pepper and some salt to taste. You can add other herbs or spices too such as garlic, parsley, chilli flakes or even paprika. Mix together with your hands and squeeze the mixture to make it compact ready to form the patties. Similarly to fishcakes, shape the potato-heavy mixture into one large patty or make four smaller ones of equal size. Once shaped, set them aside while you heat the oil in a frying pan. Do this on high heat until the oil starts to spit before adding your bubble and squeak. Reduce the heat to medium and fry for two minutes on each side until brown and slightly crispy. Take care when turning them over to avoid breaking the patties up into smaller crumbs. A larger patty is more likely to do this, so you may need to use two spatulas to make this easier. Serve alone or with a fried egg for extra protein on your plate.