A man wrongly convicted of murder is set to be released from prison after protesting his innocence for almost 30 years behind bars. The decision to release Lamar Johnson from prison comes two months after a separate man confessed to the killing, which occurred in 1994. On Tuesday, a St Louis Circuit Court judge ruled that Johnson would be released, after decades of protesting his innocence. Lamar Johnson was convicted and handed a life sentence after being accused of killing Marcus Boyd in 1995. After years of being turned down on appeals and habeas corpus petitions, Johnson's case attracted national attention in 2019 when Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner’s Force Investigative Unit reported misconduct by the investigation's lead detective. But the opposing prosecutors argued in December that the new evidence wasn't credible. The new evidence from Greg Elking, a witness in the original trial, who admitted that back in 1994 at the time of Boyd's murder, he was a “desperate” drug user, and said police coerced his testimony when he identified Johnson in a police lineup. James Howard, a man already serving a life sentence for murder, testified that he killed Marcus Boyd, and Lamar Johnson didn't. Johnson, now 50, was convicted of murder for the 1994 fatal shooting of Marcus Boyd. Police and prosecutors blamed the killing on a dispute over drug money. From the outset, Johnson maintained his innocence, saying he was with his girlfriend miles away when the crime occurred. READ MORE: People living in Labour-run areas are more likely to be burgled Gardner said an investigation conducted by her office with help from the Innocence Project convinced her that Johnson was telling the truth.Boyd was shot to death on the front porch of his home by two men wearing ski masks on October 30, 1994. While Johnson was convicted and sentenced to life, a second suspect, Phil Campbell, pleaded guilty to a reduced charge in exchange for a seven-year prison term.Johnson testified at the December hearing that he was with his girlfriend on the night of the crime, except for a few minutes when he stepped outside of the home of a friend to sell drugs on a corner several blocks from where the victim was killed.“Did you kill Marcus Boyd?” an attorney asked. “No, sir,” Lamar Johnson responded.Johnson’s girlfriend at the time, Erika Barrow, testified that she was with Johnson that entire night, except for about a five-minute span when he left to make the drug sale. She said the distance between the friend's home and Boyd’s home would have made it impossible for Johnson to get there and back in five minutes. Howard and a separate man, Campbell, years ago signed affidavits admitting to the crime and claiming Johnson was not involved. Campbell has since died. “Was Lamar Johnson there?” asked Jonathan Potts, an attorney for Johnson.“No,” Howard answered. 