 In the early hours of Monday morning, a powerful earthquake rocked southern Turkey and northern Syria. Just as rescue efforts got underway, a second tremor struck the region causing further devastation. As Turkish president Recep Erdogan visits the disaster zone on Wednesday, and NGOs scour the rubble for survivors in rebel-held Syria, Express.co.uk has located the photos that best show the appalling magnitude of the quakes.     The first earthquake struck just after 4am local time and registered as 7.7 on the Richter scale. The epicentre was near the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep – home to over two million people. There had not been a major earthquake in the region for over 200 years, so preparedness for this sort of event was low. The high and rising death toll is also partially a result of timing, striking when almost all those affected were home in bed. Less than 12 hours later, just after 1pm, a second magnitude 7.6 earthquake hit further north in Kahramanmaras province. In the ensuing 48 hours, photos from across the region – from the historic southern city of Antakya (known to Western historians as Antioch) to the important Mediterranean port of Iskenderun to towns throughout rebel-held northern Syria – show just how strong and how far-reaching the earthquakes were. READ MORE: British earthquake survivor tells of Turkey horrors     The residential building alongside the Ontur hotel in the centre of the major freight port city of Iskenderun collapsed onto itself completely. These photos are courtesy of Google and Getty. The historic Yeni Camii mosque in the centre of Malatya, inland to the north east of the epicentre, was destroyed by an earthquake for the fourth time. Photos courtesy of Getty and Google. The comparison of a quiet shopping street in Elbistan in 2015 and this week shows just how much of an impact the earthquakes have had on daily life. Images from Google and Getty.  Early on Tuesday, when the death toll was just over 3,000, the World Health Organisation (WHO) warned fatality numbers could rise eight-fold. As of Wednesday afternoon, the figure had soared well above 11,000. Turkey’s disaster management agency claims to have received reports of 11,342 collapsed buildings. Up to 300,000 people in Syria alone are though to have been displaced. Satelite imagery of the town of Islahiye shows a number of tall buildings collapsed and many roofs slipped off houses and into the street. To avert the risk of explosions, gas supplies to the region have been cut, leaving many without heating as snow falls on the rubble. DON'T MISS:America has 'little time' for Britain after Brexit, says US anchor [REPORT]King Charles holds 'meeting of minds' with President Zelensky [LATEST]Zelensky thanks UK and declares 'I am here on behalf of our warriors' [BREAKING]POLL – Should BP and Shell face windfall tax after massive profits? [POLL]   The Haci Kemal Cipe Cami mosque in Antakya - the ages-old city sprung from the Greek settlement of Antioch - saw its main minaret crumble to ruin this week. Photos courtesy of Google and Getty.  Satellite imagery from US-based Maxar Technologies reveals the scale of devastation in Islahiye. The apartment building atop this florist shop in Antakya crushed the entire ground floor during the earthquakes. Images from Google and Getty. As makeshift camps are assembled by rescue crews, the official response to the disaster has been criticised for being too slow. President Erdogan began a tour of the affected areas on Wednesday. Many families have said lacklustre rescue efforts have left them digging for family members alone. During PMQs on Wednesday afternoon – following a visit from Ukrainian president Volodymr Zelensky in the morning – British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said: “We will continue to provide all the support that is asked of us.” The EU also confirmed it would send €3.5million (£3.1million) in aid to Syria, after the country activated the EU’s Civil Protection Mechanism to support areas struck by natural disaster. Turkey was similarly awarded €3million (£2.7million) on Monday.   