Tottenham Hotspur have reportedly identified a potential Fabio Paratici replacement if the Italian is dealt a worldwide ban for controversy in his homeland. Spurs could soon be looking for a new managing director of football if Paratici's ban leaks into England and the rest of the world. He has been hit with a two-and-a-half-month ban from Italian football after being caught up in a financial scandal from his time at Juventus. Paratici is among several figures alleged to have been involved in financial irregularities and false accounting in Turin. The group has been accused of trading players at inflated values, though Juventus have firmly denied all wrongdoing and plan to appeal the court's decision. The 30-month suspension could go beyond Italian football if the FA applies for it to extend into England, per FIFA regulations. There is no suggestion that Paratici has done anything wrong during his stint at Tottenham, which started in June 2021. JUST IN: Arne Slot has £5.7m release clause but 'uncertain' on taking Leeds job  However, Spurs could suffer the consequences of his alleged involvement and are understood to be weighing up their options. According to the Mirror, Benfica general director Rui Pedro Braz is on the club's radar amid his impressive track record in Lisbon. Braz left his role as a TV commentator and analyst to join Benfica in 2021 and has since helped the Portuguese giants become one of Europe's best-run clubs. He has played a significant role in identifying talent for the club to develop and sell for a substantial profit. Darwin Nunez completed an £85million move to Liverpool last summer before Enzo Fernandez's British-record £107m switch to Chelsea in January. DON'T MISS Eddie Howe concerned over Christian Atsu with star missing in TurkeyJurgen Klopp snaps at Jordan Henderson question in prickly exchangeLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp refuses to answer question on Man City Braz was previously the technical secretary of Benfica's futsal team and has a master's in communication and leadership to go with an MBA in sports management. Chelsea identified the 44-year-old as a potential appointment in their search for a sporting director before appointing Laurence Stewart and Paul Winstanley. But Tottenham could swoop in for his services as a lengthy worldwide ban potentially looms for Paratici, should the punishment laid down by the Italian Football Federation not be overturned on appeal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here