Arsenal have had an impressive crop of youngsters come through the club's academy in recent seasons. And it appears there are more ready to make their mark on Mikel Arteta's squad in the coming years. Bukayo Saka is the most successful story to come out of Hale End in recent years. But the likes of Emile Smith Rowe and Eddie Nketiah are also prominent members of the first-team setup. Saka is the poster boy of Arsenal, having first joined the club at the age of seven. He has already made over 150 appearances despite not turning 22 until September this year. The winger has featured in the Gunners' last 59 Premier League matches, starting 56 of them. But Arsenal may already have the new Saka coming through the ranks. Amario Cozier-Duberry has clear similarities to Saka. He is also a left-footed winger, capable of playing on both flanks, with an eye for goal. READ MORE: Man Utd's Greenwood has problem even if club approve return to Ten Hag's team  The 17-year-old has already trained with the first team and played in the friendly defeat to Juventus in December. He gave fans a glimpse of what he can do, leading to comparisons to Saka. Arsenal may also have a new Granit Xhaka on their hands. Myles Lewis-Skelly may only be 16 but fans were left raving about his performance in the FA Youth Cup this week. Lewis-Skelly is a central midfielder, capable of playing defensive midfield. He is left-footed, hence some comparisons to Xhaka, which is important for the balance of Arteta's side. Xhaka has enjoyed his best season in an Arsenal shirt this term, playing the left-sided No 8 of a midfield three. With Oleksandr Zinchenko drifting into midfield, the Swiss is comfortable dropping into left-back when required but also provides support in the attacking third. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawLiverpool may have new XI to save their season after triple injury boostChelsea boss Potter warned he needs to meet two targets to avoid sack  One supporter claimed Lewis-Skelly could be superior to Xhaka with the base qualities he possesses. At just 16, there is a long way to go for him to reach that level. Arteta may also have the next Nketiah waiting in the wings. Folarin Balogun is a far more recognisable name for Arsenal fans than Cozier-Duberry and Myles-Skelly. The striker has already made 10 first-team appearances, scoring two goals. But he appears to be coming of age during a loan spell at Reims this season. The 21-year-old is the top scorer in Ligue 1 and is set to return to the Gunners in the summer as a far more well-rounded player. Nketiah was a prolific goalscorer coming through the ranks, as was Balogun. The pair may end up fighting for the same spot in Arteta's squad over the coming years. The present is looking good for Arsenal but the future doesn't look too shabby either.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here