Andy Murray’s straight sets defeat to Daniil Medvedev in Saturday’s Qatar Open had repercussions for Rafael Nadal, despite the Spanish great not even picking up his racket this week. Murray was out to win his first ATP Tour title in four years after defeating Jiri Lehecka in Friday’s semi-final. It was not to be for the former world No.1 though, as a clash against third seed Medvedev proved too much for him. Despite the defeat coming in straight sets, Murray more than held his own, but was edged out 6-4, 6-4 by Medvedev in Doha. Murray was more than proud of his display, as well as his week in Qatar as a whole. Following his defeat, he said: “It was an incredible week. It didn’t finish how I wanted. “I had some amazing matches, created some great memories, fantastic to be back in the final, one of my favourite players to watch and one of the best players on the tour. It’s great for me to get that opportunity to play somebody on that level. JUST IN: Djokovic will still be No 1 if Alcaraz ties him thanks to ATP rule “[There are] some things to work on. I’m proud of my week.” Despite not even being involved in Doha this week, Murray’s defeat had a knock-on effect for 22-time Grand Slam champion Nadal in regard to his spot in the world rankings. As a result, victory for Medvedev has ensured the Russian star will move up the ATP rankings into seventh when the system is updated on Monday. However, that means Nadal will fall the other way, slipping down to eighth, one place behind the Qatar Open champion. DON'T MISSMurray provides reasoning for marathon matches with Zverev namedMurray getting closer to goal of 'multiple titles' with Aus Open liftMurray makes first semi-final in eight months with Muller win in Doha  Medvedev’s win was an important one, as he looks to clamber his way back up the rankings. Speaking afterwards, the soon to be world No. 7 admitted he was happy with the ‘levels’ he produced in the match, whilst also paying tribute to Murray. He said: “I’m pretty happy to come from indoor to play matches here, I’m happy with my level… Today was a big fight. Sometimes we were both playing bad, sometimes we both played well.” 