A shooting at a library on Thursday left one person dead and a police officer critically wounded in the same city Tyre Nichols was beaten to death by cops. Officers were called to the Poplar-White Station Public Library in Memphis around 12:30 pm, the Memphis Police Department tweeted. Both the person and the officer were shot, police said. The person, who police did not immediately identify, was pronounced dead at the library. Other details about the shooting and the initial call were not immediately released. The small library, on a busy street surrounded by high-rise office buildings, restaurants and stores, was blocked by yellow crime scene tape, with two fire engines and an ambulance parked nearby. Memphis police officers and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives agents were talking outside. It was not immediately clear if the shots were fired inside the library. Officers were seen going in and out of the building. READ MORE: Seventh police officer 'relieved of duty' as 3 fire staff sacked over Tyre Nichols' death Officers were seen going in and out of the building. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said the Shelby County prosecutor has asked it to investigate. The bureau often investigates officer-involved shootings around the state. The agency planned an update on the case later on Thursday. The shooting comes one day after the funeral for Tyre Nichols, 29, who was beaten to death in the same city by multiple police officers. Five Memphis police officers have been charged with murder in the fatal beating of Nichols. DON'T MISSBillionaire' Trump worth as little as $30million [REPORT]Meghan and Harry told to 'move back to UK [LATEST]Hunter Biden finally admits laptop is his [INSIGHT] Nichols was beaten after police stopped him for an alleged traffic violation on January 7. Video released after pressure from Nichols’ family shows officers holding him down and repeatedly punching, kicking and striking him with a baton as he screamed for his mother. The Rev Al Sharpton and Vice President Kamala Harris attended Nichols' funeral on Wednesday, delivering impassioned speeches on the need for police reform. READ MORE: Gun violence 'terrifying' young parents despite poll naming Biden admin US' biggest issue Sharpton and Harris called on lawmakers to approve the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act, a broad package of reforms that includes a national registry for police officers disciplined for misconduct, a ban on no-knock warrants and other measures. Harris said the beating of Nichols, a 29-year-old Black man, by five Black police officers was a violent act that violated the stated mission of police to ensure public safety. “It was not in the interest of keeping the public safe, because one must ask, was not it in the interest of keeping the public safe that Tyre Nichols would be with us today? Was he not also entitled to the right to be safe? So when we talk about public safety, let us understand what it means in its truest form. Tyre Nichols should have been safe,” she said.  In the three weeks since Nichols’ death, five police officers were fired and charged with murder. Their specialized unit was disbanded. Two more officers have been suspended. Two Memphis Fire Department emergency medical workers and a lieutenant were also fired. And more discipline could be coming. Attorneys for two of the charged officers, Emmitt Martin III and Desmond Mills Jr., said they will plead not guilty. Blake Ballin, the lawyer for Mills, told AP that the videos “produced as many questions as they have answers.” Nichols’ death was the latest in a string of incidents where police have initially downplayed or ommitted their use of force, which has later resulted in a fatality.