Liverpool are set to rival Aston Villa for the signature of Athletic Bilbao starlet Nico Williams with a £44million bid under consideration, according to reports in Spain. The Reds have earmarked the young forward as a potential summer target, despite Jurgen Klopp's desperate need to strengthen in other areas of the pitch. Spanish outlet AS report Liverpool and Aston Villa could both ‘test’ the ground for Williams in the coming months, as he is yet to sign a new contract and launch a bid that meets his release clause. The younger brother of club stalwart Inaki, Williams could leave the La Liga club as he has only 18 months left on his current deal, which expires in June 2024. And unlike other Athletic stars of the past, his £44m (€50m) release clause is not considered too high to be paid in full, although Bilbao -  based on their reputation as tough operators- would be reluctant to negotiate a fee lower than their asking price. The report adds that Williams feels 'loyal' towards his boyhood club and talks are set to begin over a renewal, with Athletic keen to ward off any potential suitors. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'resigned' to fate after Wolves defeat  But the lure of joining Liverpool could test the 21-year-old's affection for his club should they make a concrete offer. Aston Villa boss Unai Emery is also said to be a fan of the Ghana international's talents after watching him turn out for his nation at the World Cup, though it remains to be seen whether Villa could afford to pay what would be a club-record fee. The news that Klopp is chasing yet another forward may be met with bemusement from Liverpool fans, who have been crying out for a new midfielder to be added to the squad. The club have not added a midfielder to their ranks since capturing Thiago Alcantara in October 2020. DON'T MISSAsensio agents 'flying to England' as Real Madrid ace's demands emergeKlopp refuses to talk to reporter after Wolves loss - 'You know why'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp admits he 'can't explain' Wolves thrashing  Meanwhile, attacking players such as Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz and Cody Gakpo have all been brought in to bolster Liverpool's frontline over the past 12 months to the tune of £184m. The Reds are expected to move for Borussia Dortmund starlet Jude Bellingham this summer, with fellow England stars Declan Rice and Mason Mount also on Klopp's radar. Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes could also arrive, with the Portuguese midfielder a long-term target for the Anfield outfit. There are also issues to solve at the back after Liverpool conceded three goals for the third away game in succession in their 3-0 defeat to Wolves. Questions have been raised over the future of Joe Gomez and Joel Matip after the pair's nightmare display at Molineux, but it appears Klopp is prioritising other areas to strengthen for now. 