Cristiano Ronaldo is settling into life in Saudi Arabia and has now swapped the Four Seasons hotel for his first Middle Eastern home. He has moved his family into a lavish Ridayh pad, leaving his temporary residence at the Kingdom Tower, where he checked into after completing his Al-Nassr move in January. Ronaldo stayed in one of Saudi Arabia's tallest buildings alongside friends, family and staff. But according to the Mirror, the 38-year-old has left the 99-story tower to move into a rented property. Ronaldo is understood to be earning around £173million per year on his Al-Nassr contract after leaving Manchester United in November. And his new home, which he has rented rather than bought, is reportedly an exclusive compound boasting elite security and easy access to key amenities like shops, restaurants and gyms. JUST IN: Mauricio Pochettino 'wants Chelsea job' amid Graham Potter pressure  The location is unknown, but Al Muhammadiyah and Al Nakheel were touted as areas he was looking into ahead of his high-profile switch. Ronaldo, a dad of five, welcomed his mother, Dolores Aveiro, to his new abode over the weekend, jetting her in from the eight-storey building he owns in Funchal, Madeira, where she lives with his older brother. Aveiro spent time with the five-time Ballon d'Or winner, partner Georgina Rodriguez and their children, posting a selfie with his oldest son on social media captioned: "Already with my boy." Ronaldo and Rodriguez have also been active online, showing a small glimpse of their new property by posting loved-up images on social media together and with baby daughter Bella Esmeralda. DON'T MISS Man Utd takeover LIVE - Glazers stay concern, Qatar ramp-up bidSacked Southampton boss Jones set up goal on debut for 12th-tier sideMan Utd hero Gary Neville shares major fears over the Glazers staying It's no surprise the Portugal international hasn't bought a property in Saudi Arabia, given the temporary nature of his stay. His portfolio is already sizable, with his mum's home in Madeira joining two Lisbon apartments and two Madrid mansions. Ronaldo plans to retire to a mansion near Lisbon, which is expected to be finished being built in the summer. But Al-Nassr manager Rudi Garcia recently suggested that the club won't be his last as a footballer, despite his contract running until aged 40. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here