Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has announced that a one minute national silence will take place on Friday across Britain to honour and pay tribute to the “incredible bravery and resilience of the Ukrainian people”, one year after the first Russian soldiers crossed their border. At 11am on February 24, the Prime Minister will lead the nation in a minute of silence from Downing Street, the Government confirmed, to express solidarity with the Ukrainian people. While Putin reportedly expected what he terms the “special military operation” in Ukraine to be over in a matter of days, the fighting has since descended into a bloody year of war, with hundreds of thousands killed or seriously wounded in the action, and many thousands of civilians fatally caught in the crossfires.    A fortnight after Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky visited the UK, in part as a token of gratitude for the seminal British support of his country, Britons are being called upon to hold a minute’s silence for the anniversary of the war. The Government said the moment of silence will offer the public a chance to demonstrate the UK’s “unwavering solidarity” with Ukraine. It encouraged organisations and individuals to come together to take part in the minute of reflection. Prime Minister Sunak said: “As we approach the anniversary of Russia’s barbaric and deplorable invasion of Ukraine, as a nation we pay tribute to the incredible bravery and resilience of the Ukrainian people. “Russia’s unjustifiable attack brought war and destruction to our continent once again, and it has forced millions from their homes and devastated families across Ukraine and Russia. “I am incredibly proud of the UK’s response, and throughout this past year, the UK public have shown their true generosity of spirit and their enduring belief in freedom.”    More than 114,400 Ukrainians have found refuge in the UK under the Homes for Ukraine Scheme since the invasion last February. Vladimir Putin has repeatedly said that Russians are “not fighting the Ukrainian people”, with whom he claims he enjoys a “brotherhood”, but the continual bombing of civilian areas hundreds of miles from the frontlines in Ukraine has killed thousands of innocent people and displaced millions. Countries across Europe, as well as the UK, have housed millions of Ukrainian refugees to undermine Putin’s patterned strategy of weaponizing mass migration. A year into the war, Western resolve to support the defending nation shows no signs of abating, nor does the determination of the Ukrainian people to repel Russian forces. READ MORE: Biden vows to defend 'every inch of NATO' in defiant warning [REVEAL]   Western officials believe that Russia is currently engaged in a rolling spring offensive that could result in more than a hundred thousand soldiers arriving at the frontlines, bolstering the roughly 340,000 already stationed in Ukraine. In its latest update on Tuesday evening, the General Staff of Ukraine’s Armed Forces reported that Russia is already attacking five areas as part of this next wave of fighting. Russian assaults, they said, were recorded in the areas of Kupyansk, Lyman, Bakhmut, Shakhtarsk, and Avdiivka in eastern Ukraine. Military analysts told the Express.co.uk last week that these next offensives could prove pivotal to the conclusion of the war, with Russian failure likely to further undermine the Kremlin’s attempts to portray their “special military operation” as a success to their civilian population. DON'T MISS: The free world is in danger as tyrants re-arm and threaten once more [OPINION] Putin leads 200k rally of pro-war Russians at Moscow stadium [REVEAL] Russia 'losing 1,000 troops a day' as major assault branded 'whimper' [CLAIM]   In an early morning address on state television this time last year, seated at a desk in the Kremlin in front of a Russian flag, Vladimir Putin announced the beginning of his “special military operation in Ukraine”. He said the aims of the operation were “to protect people who have been subjected to bullying and genocide... for the last eight years”, referring to the pro-Western protests in Kyiv in 2014 that culminated in the election of an anti-Russian government. He was also referring to the ongoing fighting in Donbas, comprising the eastern Ukrainian regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, between pro-Russian separatists and the Ukrainian Army. “For this” he continued, “we will strive for the demilitarisation and denazification of Ukraine. And to bring to court those who committed numerous bloody crimes against civilians, including against citizens of the Russian Federation.” Since then, as NATO forces have grown more confident in their military support of Ukraine, he has baselessly claimed that Russia was forced to invade Ukraine because the alliance was trying to encroach upon their territory. These comments have been repeatedly refuted by NATO leaders, who stress that the alliance is purely defensive and reactive. READ NEXT: China hails 'rock solid' friendship with RussiaFive EU countries undermining NATO by continuing to fund RussiaWagner forces smashed in huge area after being 'starved of ammunition'History at a 'turning point' as Putin's message 'loses power'Biden informed Putin of his visit to Ukraine ahead of time  