Endeavour returns this evening (February 26) to ITV1 at 8pm for a two-hour film titled Prelude. The episode will see Shaun Evans reprising his role as a young Endeavour Morse with the actor also directing the instalment. Season nine takes place in the early 1970s with Endeavour and colleague Fred Thursday (played by Roger Allam) facing many personal and professional changes. Prelude is set in the spring of 1972 with Endeavour returning to Castle Gate at the same time the Oxford Concert Orchestra, led by illustrious composer Sir Alexander Lermontov, come back to the city. However, tragedy will strike when a gruesome discovery is made in a college garden which will lead Endeavour and Thursday to turn their attention to the orchestra. Things will take a sinister turn when another tragedy hits and the detective duo will have to take things a step further. As always, Prelude will have a central core cast and guest cast members joining the show - here’s a look at some of the actors appearing this evening and where you may have seen them before. READ MORE: Unforgotten season five's theme tune is sung by duo Oh Wonder Sir Alexander Lermontov - Nicholas Farrell Nicholas Farrell takes on the role of the distinguished musician Sir Alexander Lermontov, whose orchestra gets caught up in murder. Farrell is most recognisable for his roles in White House Farm, Gentleman Jack, Everything I Know About Love and Silent Witness. Ronnie Box - Simon Harrison In the role of Ronnie Box is actor Simon Harrison, who will be reprising his role as the detective after previously starring in the show. Harrison has also appeared in His Dark Materials, Vera, This Is Going To Hurt, Fearless and Outlander. Sam Thursday - Jack Bannon Jack Bannon will be reprising his role as Sam Thursday with the character mysteriously going AWOL from the army previously and his family worrying about his fate. Bannon has also starred in Pennyworth in the lead role as well as parts in Medici, The Loch, Clique and Ripper Street. Mabs Portman - Imogen Daines Imogen Daines takes on the part of Mabs Portman after roles in The Suspect, Intergalactic, The Witcher and Killing Eve. Madame Belasco - Jane Lapotaire Veteran thespian Jane Lapotaire portrays Madame Belasco after parts in The Crown as Princess Alice, Piaf, Marie Curie, Rebecca and Dalgliesh. Fergus Brathwaite - James Anderson James Anderson plays Fergus Brathwaite and counts credits in Holby City and Poirot. John Graham-Scott - Nicholas Boulton Nicholas Boulton stars as John Graham-Scott after featuring in Game of Thrones, Shakespeare in Love and Cursed. Donald Fischer - Rob Ostlere Rob Ostlere takes on the part of Donald Fischer following on from roles in Game of Thrones, Holby City as Arthur Digby, I Hate Suzie and Stephen. Lindsay Trench - Leaphia Darko Leaphia Darko portrays Lindsay Trench and is a rising star who has appeared in the short film The Very Error of the Moon and National Theatre Live: Julius Caesar. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh in stitches over The Chase player's 'best answer ever' [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence [VIEWER REACTION] Margeaux Quincannon - Tamsin Newlands Tamsin Newlands will be appearing as Margeaux Quincannon after parts in Miss Scarlet and the Duke and Silent Eye. Christina Poole - Kirstin Louie Up-and-coming actress Kirstin Louie plays Christina Poole and has feared in Art Kills, Bit. and Tomorrow. Mrs Pat Treadle - Jenny Galloway Jenny Galloway takes on the part of Mrs Pat Treadle after small parts in The Split, Liar, Silent Witness and Good Omens. Mr Lee - James Doherty James Doherty will be starring as Mr Lee following on from roles in Outlander, Queens of Mystery, Veep, Motherland and Trying. Along with the guest cast, main cast members back in the frame include Anton Lesser as Chief Supt Reginald Bright, James Bradshaw as Dr Max DeBryn, Sean Rigby as DS Jim Strange, Abigail Thaw as Dorothea Frazil, Caroline O'Neill as Win Thursday and Sara Vickers as Joan Thursday. Endeavour season 9 starts on ITV1 tonight at 8pm