Dan Walker made a rare admission about his wife Sarah Walker as the former BBC Breakfast presenter opened up about their marriage. The 5 News anchor revealed throughout the years of their relationship his gift ideas on Valentine's Day have been subtle yet sweet - but there was one occasion things didn't go to plan. The presenter has always kept his family life private since being a regular on BBC Breakfast from 2016. The couple shared three children together, daughters Susanna and Jessica, and their son Joe. The broadcaster has been married to his childhood sweetheart for over 20 years. The pair met in 1999 at the University of Sheffield when Dan was studying for a Master's Degree in broadcast journalism. READ MORE: Stacey Dooley shares first look of baby Minnie with beau Kevin Clifton About a decade ago, Dan admittedly suffered a Valentine's Day blunder after he gifted his wife a saucepan. The on-screen star said it was a "low point" in the romantic gesture department. Writing in his column for iNews, he wrote: "My best gifts over the years have included posh chocolates, meals out and a surprise trip to see Les Miserables at the theatre. "If watching Michael Ball belting out 'Empty Chairs and Empty Tables' was the height of my Valentinian prowess, then the low point came about a decade ago when I inexplicably decided to wrap a saucepan up with an accompanying card." He continued: “'I know we don’t take it really seriously,' said Mrs Walker the next morning, 'But can we never go down the kitchen route again please?'. "I offered no excuses. It was a poor choice." Dan spoke of when they first began dating and shared he often wrote love letters to his wife of over two decades but admittedly didn't recall the details of the notes. The dad-of-three also shared how he planned to spend tonight's festivities revealing he will spend the evening with his family. DON'T MISS... Laura Hamilton sparks rumours of reconciliation with ex-husband[LATEST]Naga Munchetty bids farewell to colleague as BBC editor steps down[TV]Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits[AWARDS] The couple plans to take their three children to the theatre as a "special treat". He cheekily joked he may revisit writing poems for his wife, as he quipped: "What rhymes with saucepan?" Dan and Sarah went on to date for two years before being wed in 2001. His other half made a rare appearance on one Strictly live show where Dan dedicated his Viennese waltz performance to her and their children. Addressing his routine, the broadcaster said at the time: "I'm just going to gush over her for a moment. Because she's one of those people, the more you know her the more you love her. "And I've known her and loved her for over half my life." Dan added: "There she is, she's absolutely amazing, she's such a special person and I love her to bits. I hope she enjoyed that because we really loved it."  5 News at 5 airs daily on Channel 5. 