Chelsea have finally confirmed the blockbuster British-record capture of World Cup winner Enzo Fernandez from Benfica. After a long, drawn-out transfer saga, the Blues have finally landed their top midfield target for a whopping £107million. Fernandez had a £105m release clause inserted into his contract when he joined Benfica from River Plate for a mere £8.5m in the summer. But keen to pay a structured deal, Chelsea will eventually spend £2m more than that figure on the 22-year-old. Discussions over a deal appeared to be over earlier in January after Chelsea failed to present an acceptable proposal to the Portuguese giants. Benfica were adamant that the Premier League outfit had to pay the release clause in full and up-front. However, both parties returned to the negotiating table in the final days of the window, with Chelsea understood to be convinced that a deal could be struck. The big-spending west Londoners have agreed a deal that will see them pay the sum in three instalments over three years. JUST IN: Man Utd warned new boy Sabitzer can be 'the most unpleasant person' Fernandez’s move to Chelsea breaks the British record for a fee paid. The previous record was the £89m paid by Manchester United for Paul Pogba in 2016. DON'T MISS...Four free agents Everton can still sign beyond transfer deadlineDeadline day transfers - The biggest deals, best and worst signingsFive free agents Man Utd, Liverpool and Arsenal can still sign The deal also elevated Chelsea’s January spending to an eye-watering £290m. Boehly has now spent £550m on new players since his consortium purchased the club in May last year. Fernandez will team up with £88m arrival Mykhaylo Mudryk, £33m signing Benoit Badiashile, £30m capture Noni Madueke, and loanee Joao Felix. Chelsea also signed a host of young talent in the winter. The huge sums of money will heap pressure on head coach Graham Potter to improve results at Stamford Bridge. The former Brighton boss has so far been unable to rescue an underwhelming campaign, which sees Chelsea sit 10th in the Premier League. MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: [express.co.uk/sport/football](/sport/football "‌"). Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & [Express.co.uk](http://Express.co.uk "‌") Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and [Express.co.uk](http://Express.co.uk "‌").