Arsenal target Declan Rice has been ‘sounding out’ key information about the Gunners ahead of a potential blockbuster summer switch from West Ham, according to reports. The north Londoners have been strongly linked with a £70million transfer for the England midfielder. A move for Rice has become a more realistic possibility due to Arsenal’s excellent form this season. The quality of player Mikel Arteta can now attract has improved due to the shock Premier League title charge. Rice is believed to be a top target for the summer, regardless of whether Arsenal can fend off competition from Manchester City and sensationally win the top flight. An upgrade in the defensive midfield area could be crucial if Arteta is to mount another challenge next season alongside succeeding in the Champions League. West Ham captain Rice could be available for a cut-price fee as his contract will have just 12 months to run come the summer. Ahead of a possible move across London, Rice is now ‘sounding out’ information about Arsenal to ensure they are the right club for the next stage of his career. JUST IN: Man City boss Pep Guardiola makes title admission after Tottenham loss Speaking on The Athletic’s Handbrake Off podcast, journalist Adrian Clarke said: “I can’t reveal my source, but I do know that Declan Rice has been sounding out people connected with Arsenal in regards to, ‘What’s it like there? What’s it really like?’, so that sounds like a positive.” Arsenal are reportedly confident they can secure a bargain £70m deal for Rice. That is despite Hammers boss David Moyes revealing that interested clubs will need to topple Chelsea’s British-record £107m signing of Enzo Fernandez to sign his prized asset. Speaking after West Ham’s 1-1 draw with Newcastle on Saturday night, Moyes said: "Declan was a top player in the first half, he showed so many things. Undoubtedly he’s going to be a top player and undoubtedly he'll be a British transfer record and more whenever he leaves West Ham." Asked if Rice’s departure was an inevitability, the Scot added: "I hope it's not. A lot's been said about it and when you see what's been happening with prices, I think Declan will be blowing that out the water when it comes around." DON'T MISS...Arsenal star Martinelli has Zinchenko to blame for his own poor formArsenal and Tottenham in race for Ansu Fati as Barcelona's hands tiedAsensio agents 'flying to England' as Real Madrid ace's demands emerge Rice, who has played 222 times for West Ham and scored 11 goals, is likely to be the subject of an intense bidding war come the end of the campaign. Former club Chelsea, who released the Three Lions sensation aged 14, are expected to be involved despite their record move for Fernandez. The 24-year-old said while playing for England at the World Cup that he is envious of his team-mates who frequently play in the Champions League and in the Premier League’s biggest games. He said: "One hundred per cent I want to play in the Champions League. "For the last two or three years I've been saying that. I've been playing consistently well for my club and I feel like I really want to keep pushing. I see my friends here who are playing Champions League and for big trophies. You only get one career and at the end you want to look back at what you've won and the biggest games you've played in." Chelsea new boy Fernandez, meanwhile, has also voiced his admiration for Rice, hinting he would like Todd Boehly to sign him next. "I try to watch as much football and learn a little bit from everyone," Fernandez explained during an interview while at the World Cup in Qatar. "I like Rice of England, I try to watch him and learn."