Dominic Raab has said he will resign if an ongoing investigation upholds claims of bullying being levelled against him. The deputy Prime Minister was quizzed about the complaints on Sky's Sophy Ridge on Sunday - and asked if he would quit, replied: "I would." Justice Secretary Mr Raab, who is also the former Foreign Secretary, initially argued Prime Minister Rishi Sunak would ultimately decide his political future. He also refused to comment on the investigation's timeline, saying he did not want to "prejudice" its findings. He added: "If you believe in innocent until proven guilty, you wouldn't want to penalise people until you've got the outcome."  "We believe in innocent until proven guilty in this country and I'll co-operate fully with the inquiry, and I'll respect the outcome of it." Asked whether he would then resign if the complaint is upheld, at first, Mr Raab said he was not going to start speculating on what the outcome might be. However, when pressed further, he said: "Allow me to respond in the right way at the right time, of course. "Look, if an allegation of bullying is upheld, I will resign." JUST IN: Gun rampages prove need for overhaul of ‘outdated’ licensing laws Speaking to BBC's Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg programme subsquently, Mr Raab denied he was a bully but said he had learned lessons from his dealings with civil servants in the past. Asked whether he had ever reflected on his dealings with staff and felt he "shouldn't have reacted in that way", he said: "Look, in terms of working style, falling short of any of the impropriety you refer to, look of course we learn lessons as we go. "That is part of the relationship with civil servants. "But I'm confident that I've behaved professionally throughout." DON'T MISSChina fires space lasers, US deploys troops, says JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT]If we appease Putin's madness this thing becomes a World War [COMMENT]Public back Queen Camilla in fury over woke attempts to rewrite Dahl [POLL] He added: "I think the lion's share of the time, the vast majority of cases and the time we spend together, civil servants and ministers work very effectively together." Asked whether there should be "more plain speaking in politics", he replied: "Yes, absolutely. "What we need, and I think this can be reconciled absolutely with having a zero-tolerance on bullying, you need ministers who come in and correctly but directly challenge assumptions, test ideas - that is the way we get the best out of government."