Manchester United CEO Richard Arnold may face the sack if Qatar's takeover bid is successful, with two candidates already being lined up to replace him at the helm. There would be plenty of change on and off the pitch under Qatari ownership, including in the club's hierarchy. Arnold replaced Ed Woodward as United's Chief Executive Officer on February 1, 2022, to end the latter's decade-long tumultuous tenure. He was previously the club's Group Managing Director and has been one of the Glazer family's top dogs at Old Trafford. However, if the American family relinquish control of United through a full-scale sale, with Qatar currently considered the frontrunners to take over, it would signal significant implications for many. And Arnold would likely be one of those affected, with the Red Devils' potential Qatari owners already lining up two candidates to take the 'presidency'. According to L'Equipe, Hassan Al Thawadi and Nasser al-Khater are in the running to become United's new CEO under the Qatar regime. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp rules four Liverpool stars out vs Newcastle The report claims former Qatar Prime Minister Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani is among those on the front line of the state's push to buy United. He is a member of the Emir of Qatar, Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani's family and already has investments in London, including at Hyde Park and the Connaught. The Emir is understood to be a United supporter and is, therefore, one of the driving forces behind Qatar's efforts to seal a deal with the Glazers. Sky News report that the 20-time English champions are expected to be under new ownership by Easter, which falls on April 9. Arnold has received praise for the work he has done since replacing Woodward in the hot seat. DON'T MISS Murtough explains Harrison appointment as Man Utd fill director roleLiverpool had their own 'Zidane' who became one of Reds' biggest flopsMason Mount's thoughts on chucking away Chelsea legacy to join Man Utd One of the latter's primary criticisms over his controversial spell was getting involved in areas of the club he should've left to those with a football background. It led to calamitous recruitment and, ultimately, heavily contributed to United's downfall since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in 2013. Arnold has overseen a more streamlined operation behind the scenes, though, with Erik ten Hag and football director John Murtough firmly behind most, if not all, sporting decisions. It's producing results in the early stages. However, a change of CEO under new ownership seems inevitable and could lead to Arnold taking up another role at the club if he's well-endorsed. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here