The Super Bowl half-time show is a big deal for any artist as, on top of the 80,000 watching inside the stadium, over 100 million people are tuned in from around the world. It's crucial for their integrity that nothing goes wrong but, unfortunately for Janet Jackson in 2004, it couldn't have gone much worse. One of the most infamous moments in the history of the Super Bowl half-time show occurred in 2004, when Jackson's nipple was exposed to the world. Jackson was the headline artist for Super Bowl XXXVIII, and Justin Timberlake was brought out for a surprise appearance during the interval. After performing hits such as 'All for You' and 'Rhythm Nation', Timberlake joined Jackson to duet his well-known single 'Rock Your Body'. The performance was going well, and fans were loving the suggestive dance moves being displayed by the pair. But then an unfortunate error saw Jackson's breast come out of her dress, and it's been talked about ever since. READ MORE: Kansas City Chiefs receive Pat Mahomes injury update after Jaguars win The song 'Rock Your Body' speaks for itself, but the performance became a bit too literal for Jackson's liking, and also CBS who were broadcasting the event. As Timberlake delivered the final line of the song, he was meant to pull Jackson's dress which was intended to then reveal a red-laced bra. However, a malfunction caused the garment to collapse which meant it was her breast that was on show, not covered by the bra. It stemmed huge controversy as CBS were fined, and it also led to a change in broadcasting that's still in effect today. DON'T MISS: Super Bowl LVII tickets going for £20k as fans flock to see Patrick Mahomes vs Jalen Hurts A seven-second delay is now in use for live broadcasting to ensure that, should a similar incident occur, it can be quickly hidden from those watching around the world. Although CBS quickly cut away from Jackson during the harrowing moment, the split second that she was revealed caused enough damage. Jackson's representative explained the incident at the time, saying: "Justin was supposed to pull away the rubber bustier to reveal a red lace bra. The garment collapsed and her breast was accidentally revealed." An apology was then issued by Jackson, and The Federal Communications Commission eventually fined broadcasters CBS a record $550,000 for the incident. The fine was eventually voided in 2011 after years of battling the case, but emotionally it's an incident that must live with Jackson. Rihanna is headlining the half-time show for Super Bowl LVII, and will be hoping things go smoothly on her end. But in the event something shocking occurs, the broadcasting rule should prevent her embarrassment.