Jake Paul has vowed to make Molly-Mae Hague cry by knocking Tommy Fury out during their bout on Sunday. The fight has been in the pipeline for some time with Fury previously pulling out of two scheduled showdowns with injury as the pair look set to finally settle their differences in Saudi Arabia. YouTuber Paul faces the biggest challenge of his career to date as he takes on former Love Island star Fury. ‘The Problem Child’ does not have the experience of his opponent after entering the sport just three years ago but boasts a proud unbeaten record in his fights going 6-0. Fury currently holds an 8-0 record so something will have to give when the two meet at the weekend. ‘TNT’s’ experience and record have not deterred Paul however with the American talking up his chances ahead of the fight. The 26-year-old has vowed to make Fury’s girlfriend Molly-Mae cry by knocking him out in the ring. “I’m gonna knock him the f*** out, I’m going for a knockout of the year candidate,” he told BT Sport. “I won it once before and I want to win it again. You're gonna see his girlfriend cry while she is ringside once I knock him the f*** out and he's unconscious." READ MORE: Boxing fans express outrage at Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury pay-per-view price Financially the fight is massive for both boxers with Sports Zion reporting Paul will take a purse of £2.64m while Fury’s will be £1.65m. PPV’s will be split 65/35 in favour of the American in what is the most lucrative fight of the duo’s careers. Paul suggested that the money was the only reason Fury agreed to the fight with pressure from the media, fans and most importantly Molly-Mae becoming too much. DON'T MISSInside Floyd Mayweather's houses, jets and girlfriend news after amounting £400m fortuneDavid Haye responds to Katherine Ryan after comedian DM'd him to ask if he's in a throupleMauricio Lara admits to spitting on Josh Warrington in furious clash after Wood win “I don't know if he really believes in himself but the money is just really good man,” he said. “So he's kind of been forced into this by the fans, the media, his family and probably Molly. She's probably sitting there saying ‘hey, we have just had a baby. I can't be the one to pay the bills the entire time.’ “He's getting paid 20k a fight, minus taxes. That can only pay for so many diapers. It's a hard business and this is his biggest payday. He's going to actually be able to support his family a little bit if he gets a good wealth manager and invest his money properly. But Molly is probably like, ‘yeah, bro I'm tired of being the breadwinner of this relationship.”