WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Gold on the BBC The BBC launched its drama The Gold based on one of the biggest robberies in British history. The six-part mini-series is airing weekly on BBC One and is also available to binge as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer. The series is loosely based on the robbery, which saw a group breaking into the Brink’s-Mat security depot near London’s Heathrow Airport, and inadvertently stumbled across gold bullion worth £26 million. In the series Edwyn Cooper (played by Dominic Cooper) is a lawyer who gets involved in the robbery, deciding he wants to earn some big bucks. However, by delving into the criminal world, Edwyn finds his life up-ended and starting to unravel from the happy family and professional worlds he’d built up over the years. In the show, Edwyn’s greed leads to his downfall after previously being so righteous and correct. Alongside the day job of being a solicitor, he develops a side hustle involving the Masons and helping dodgy coppers evade the law. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage Actor Cooper said of his character’s shady dealings: “Edwyn has links to the property world and, at the time, vast swathes of London were undeveloped. “So he essentially buys and sells massive bits of land to move the money very quickly and to clean up the money. “It’s a lot of money that they’re needing to get rid of and property was a good idea.” For those wondering about Edwyn’s fate after the robbery will be surprised as he is only a character and wasn’t a real person. Actor Cooper said: “It’s also all inspired by a true story. That in itself makes you ask, ‘Wow, did this happen?’. “My character, for example, is a composite character inspired by the white collar criminals who worked with the robbers and their intermediaries.” Reflecting on his research for the role, Cooper said: “I read a lot about it to prepare for the role and couldn’t believe this hasn’t been made before, quite frankly. “It would be very interesting to see how the court case unfolded. It’s remarkable but also remarkable how they covered it up for so long.” Cooper admitted he didn’t feel sorry for Edwyn and described him as a “fool” for his poor life choices. Edwyn’s character isn’t the only fictional creation in The Gold with Nicki Jennings (Charlotte Spencer) also based on several women within the police force during this period. However, The Gold does feature real-life figures including Brian Boyce (Hugh Bonneville), Kenneth Noye (Jack Lowden), Gordon Parry (Sean Harris), Micky McAvoy (Adam Nagaitis) and Brian Reader (James Nelson Joyce). The real-life Brink’s-Mat robbery saw several convictions including Brian Robinson who was jailed for 25 years, Anthony Black who was sentenced to six years, and Micky McAvoy who got 25 years and was released in 2000. DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt sparks uproar as BBC fans blast 'biased' interview [VIEWER REACTION]Death in Paradise episode 7 will welcome back series 12 guest stars [INSIGHT]Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore [VIDEO] Kenneth Noye served seven years behind bars for his part in the case before he was released in 1994, however, he was handed a life sentence for another crime. He was released on parole in 2019. Gordon John Parry, Brian Perry, Patrick Clark, and Jean Savage were all convicted at the Old Bailey. Solicitor Michael Relton was jailed in 1987 for his part in the money laundering scheme. Micky’s wife Kathleen McAvoy received an 18-month suspended sentence and had to hand over £250,000. Brian Reader got eight years for his role and then in 2015 admitted his part in the Hatton Garden heist in 1983. The Gold airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm and the entire boxset is streaming on the BBC iPlayer now