There's nothing worse than finding a set stain on white clothing or noticing a grey hue take over your bed linens, so it can seem like there's no other option but to reach for strong products like bleach. However, according to Martha Stewart, you can easily revive the colour without using anything at all. She explained that the secret to getting the brightest whites is to get the temperature of the water right when doing your laundry rather than choosing harsh cleaning formulas. Even the smallest stains can ruin white items no matter how light or dark they appear, but using the wrong formulas to clean them can often make it much worse. While baking soda, white vinegar and even dish soap are usually the go-to ingredients for DIY stain removal, they're not always effective on oils and pigmented marks. But when doing her own laundry, American businesswoman and DIY expert Martha Stewart swears by cleaning whites using hotter temperatures rather than stronger chemicals. She explained that long as you're using ultra-hot water, you can skip other ingredients altogether. READ MORE: Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required Before you put all your whites on a 60C wash cycle it is important to separate your laundry into a few different piles. According to Martha, this should be done based on the laundering instructions on each garment. She said: "While it's important to mind the label, know that you absolutely can wash certain white "dry-clean-only" items at home, so long as the fabrics are 98 to 100 percent cotton. Once your garments are separated into machine wash and hand wash piles, you should separate the whits from all coloured items. Marth explained that for longevity, white items should "never be washed with colourful clothing" as this can result in dye transfer DON'T MISS...Two natural ingredients to ‘brighten’ and ‘clean’ laundry [INSIGHT]I put Meaco’s dehumidifier to the test to dry laundry - thoughts [REVEAL]TikTok mum says laundry product 'changed my life' [TIPS] For machine-washable fabrics, the DIY expert recommended using water "as hot as the fabric can stand" when you're ready to put a load on. She noted that you can skip the bleaching agents entirely in this instance as "the hot water will do the work". However, she noted that if you absolutely need to use bleach, you should only use oxygen-based formulas. Martha explained that these are more gentle than chlorine iterations which can weaken the fabric, adding: "Be sure to apply the bleach and the detergent simultaneously for the best results." For stubborn, set stains like those caused by sauces, red wines, and vinaigrettes a pretreating solution may also be beneficial using your oxygen-based product. READ MORE: Exact date you should start mowing your lawn after winter If you're not keen on using chemicals at all but can't remove a blood stain or deep red wine mark, there is another option you can try. According to Martha, the "secret" to lifting small spot stains is to use an eye dropper to "flush the stain with vinegar" before washing it away with some mild dish soap. This works best on fresh stains which you can then launder on a hot wash cycle to remove any excess residue. When hand-washing items, the temperature of the water is equally as important - if not more so when it comes to brightening dull, soiled whites.   An expert at Cleanipedia explained: If you’ve got the choice of using a hot or cold wash for stains, hot water is going to work best in many cases. That’s because the hot water not only helps to activate your detergent (and is more effective at thoroughly dissolving powdered detergent), but it also works to sanitise your clothing, making it look and feel clean and fresh." Though some stains may require more than one hand wash or soak to fully dissolve, a hot wash should do the trick when it comes to water-based stains, chocolate, coffee, wine and oil-based marks. The cleaning expert noted that blood, berry stains and sauces respond better to colder water when they are fresh, which is considered to be about 30C. It’s recommended that you don’t set your washing machine temperature any lower than this, as colder water can affect the efficacy of your detergent, so it is best saved for hand-washing.