WNBA star Brittney Griner has returned to the court to practice for the first time since her time in Russian prison. After originally being detained on drug charges in Russia in February 2022, Griner returned to the United States in a prisoner swap before signing with the Phoenix Mercury ahead of the 2023 WNBA season. Griner, a two-time Olympic gold medalist with Team USA, was detained on 17 February 2022 at an airport in Moscow when vape cartridges containing hashish oil were found in her luggage. She was sentenced to nine years in a Russian prison and her case became something of a political game between the US and Russia, whose relations deteriorated following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine 12 months ago. Griner had been in Russia playing in the off-season for UMMC Ekaterinburg, with who she has competed since 2014. She was reportedly earning £1.1million for her performances - around six times her WNBA salary. Since returning, many have wondered if Griner will return to the WNBA and she re-signed with Phoenix Mercury on Tuesday before hitting the practice court on Wednesday. The franchise shared several images of Griner clearly beaming to Instagram as she practiced with the caption reading: “There she is.” READ MORE: Milwaukee Bucks star Giannis Antetokounmpo wrist injury update Griner has rejoined the Mercury as she played for the team each year of her career after the franchise selected her first overall in the 2013 draft. Phoenix general manager Jim Pitman said it was ‘a great day for all of us’ when announcing her signing. “We missed BG every day that she was gone and, while basketball was not our primary concern, her presence on the floor, in our locker room, around our organisation, and within our community was greatly missed,” he said. “We will continue to use the resources of our organisation to support her, on and off the floor, and we are thrilled for her that she gets to return to basketball, which she loves so dearly. “This is a special signing and today is a special day for all of us.” DON'T MISSInside Steph Curry’s lifestyle with TV show, wife and NBA salaryMeet LeBron James wife Savannah who had Beyonce sing at £8m weddingLeBron James All-Star moment speaks volumes ahead of LA Lakers future Griner helped the Mercury win the 2014 WNBA title. A two-time Olympic gold medallist and eight-time WNBA All-Star, the 32-year-old is arguably one of the greatest female basketball players of all time. “I know none of us will ever forget what it will feel like to welcome her back on to her home floor on 21 May,” Phoenix business operations president Vince Kozar said. “To know BG is to love and appreciate BG and we can't wait to show her that in person.” Phoenix start their 2023 campaign on the road against the Los Angeles Sparks on 19 May before their first home game of the season against Chicago Sky two days later.