The man who discovered Nicola Bulley's phone said he immediately knew "this was not right" as he found the crucial piece of evidence. The dog walker, who said his name was Ron, said he hadn't known Ms Bulley previously but did recognise her dog.  He said of the case: "Each day something new comes out doesn't it?" In an extraordinary coincidence, Kay Burley bumped into Ron as she recreated Ms Bulley's walk on Sky News. Ron said he was walking his dog, as he did most mornings, when he came across the mum-of-two's phone. He said that when he saw the background on it of Nicola and her partner Paul Ansell, he did not know them by name - but knew they were Willow's owners. Ron said: "I'd seen both owners of Willow walking this dog in the past, but while I knew them by face, I didn't know their names." The witness said when he first found the phone he thought "somebody had gone to the toilet".  But then he added: "I got to about this red brick building here and I thought 'this is not right'. Then it was just a progression of things happening, you know. Because of the wallpaper on the phone we found out who the couple were, and the school was contacted and Paul arrived." The dogwalker explained that he had given a full statement to police after the event. The surprise meeting came on the third week to the day since Ms Bulley vanished. Today her father gave a heartbreaking insight into the family's struggle, commenting: "Every day is a struggle." Police said their "main working hypothesis" remains that Ms Bulley fell into the river - but after three weeks of searching, no sign of her has been found. The force is now facing backlash for revealing personal information about Ms Bulley to the general public, with even Prime Minister Rishi Sunak weighing in. In a press conference in Northern Ireland, Mr Sunak said he was "concerned that private information was put into the public domain," adding: "I’m pleased that the police are looking at how that happened in the investigation. Obviously my thoughts are with Nicola’s friends and family and the focus must now be on continuing to try and find her."  READ MORE: Women 'let down' after police said Nicola Bulley had 'perimenopause' [REVEAL]  In a press conference on Wednesday, police revealed that Nicola had certain "vulnerabilities" which made her a "high-risk" missing person, and initially said they would not be expanding on what these were. They later clarified that she suffered from "significant issues with alcohol" which were "brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause". The force added these had "resurfaced over recent months", with officers even being sent to Nicola's home on January 10 - 17 days before her disappearance - in response to a report of concern for her welfare. Home Secretary Suella Braverman demanded an "explanation" from police over the decision to reveal such personal details. A source close to Suella Braverman said: “The Home Secretary today spoke with Lancashire Police Chief Constable Chris Rowley and his senior team to discuss the handling of the investigation into the disappearance of Nicola Bulley. She outlined her concerns over the disclosure of Ms Bulley’s personal information and listened to the force’s explanation. The Home Secretary asked to be kept updated on the investigation.” The police are expected to be asked questions about whether the personal details were necessary, according to the information commissioner, John Edwards. Mr Edwards said data protection laws existed "to ensure personal information is used properly and fairly," adding: "Police can disclose information to protect the public and investigate crime, but they would need to be able to demonstrate such disclosure was necessary."