Jake Paul has received an angry video message from Tommy Fury’s father John. Fury Sr warned Paul that he will be ‘taken out on a stretcher’ after his upcoming clash with his son on February 26 over in Saudi Arabia. After 18 months of waiting and two failed attempts to make it happen, contracts have been signed for the long-awaited grudge match. However, Paul is still not convinced his rival will turn up having pulled out of their previous fight dates in December 2021 and August 2022. As a result, UFC veteran Mike Perry has been drafted in as the backup opponent should the fight fail to come to fruition once again. But Fury Sr says his son will ‘one million per cent’ be there and vows that The Problem Child will be leaving on a stretcher. "You think Tommy is not going to show up, you're going to be very disappointed and mistaken," he said in a video uploaded to his social media channels. “We're one million per cent going to be there. We can't wait to get this fight done with you. “There's no way in this entire world this fight isn't going to happen so if you’re dreaming in your little boys brain that Tommy’s not going to turn up and fight you well you’re going to be very wrong. "Be prepared to be taken out that ring on a stretcher my friend, that's what's happening to you. You've got no chance at all, I don't give you any chance whatsoever. Not even a remote chance or a puncher's chance. MORE BOXING NEWS... Ngannou worry raised by UFC icon Buffer over Fury fight - EXCLUSIVE Jake Paul and KSI 'avoiding' influencer boxing boogeyman Salt Papi Fury lists Paul's worst habits that could spell disaster in fight "Your last fight with Silva, that fake thing," he added. "You missed him mate and he fell on the ground. I've watched it time and time again. Silva, you missed him he fell down and got counted out. You're in a real fight this time with a man who can bang with both hands so advice to you, keep them up.” Paul has denied the allegations of fight-fixing levelled by Fury Sr and others in the Anderson Silva fight. "It sucks because I worked so hard for this. I dedicate everything, sacrifice everything, every single day, bust my balls, have a 15-person team working around the clock to help me become the best boxer possible, and when I do something like beating Anderson Silva, they try to take it away from me. But I know deep down, and I guess that’s all that really matters," he told the MMA Hour. Paul and Fury Sr have butted heads in the past and don’t have particularly favourable opinions of each other. Following Tommy’s exhibition bout against Rolly Lambert in November, John tore off his shirt and lunged over the ropes at Paul, who had been commentating on TNT’s contest. Fury Sr is so sure that his son will win against the YouTube star later this month that he claims he will retire Tommy if he loses the influencer super fight.