Tyson Fury’s net worth is almost £30million greater than British boxing rival Anthony Joshua’s. The Gypsy King boasts a staggering £130million of total wealth and assets while Joshua’s is estimated at around £106million. Fury’s greater activity in the ring as well as various TV and book deals have seen his net worth fly past AJ’s. Fury picked up £22million for his third fight with Deontay Wilder, £25million against Dillian Whyte and £21million in his most recent clash with Derek Chisora. But also cashed in a whopping £12million for a single appearance at WWE’s Crown Jewel PPV where he wrestled Braun Strowman. And that is without factoring in his two best-selling books, various lucrative sponsorship deals with the likes of Wow Hydrate and his successful 'Gypsy King' clothing line and Furocity energy drink brand. Fury was also handed a massive £80m TV deal with ESPN back in 2019 and will have a Netflix documentary called 'At home with the Furys' drop later this year. But Joshua does receive bigger fight paydays overall. The Watford powerhouse reportedly earned £61million for his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk last year and is expected to have raked in at least £98million in total once sponsorship deals are taken into account. Both men could see their net worths skyrocket further if a fight can be made between the pair with no less than £150million at stake for Fury and Joshua when the all-British showdown was first proposed in the summer of 2021. However, after two failed attempts to make it happen Fury has lost patience in the matchup. "He doesn't have any belts. He doesn't have anything that I need and there will not be a fight between me and him ever. Full stop," Fury told Sky Sports. "There's too much messing. I'm not going over it again. They're too hard to deal with." MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury has 'two men' on hitlist as AJ told Wilder fight is more likely Anthony Joshua told he's got two decisions spot on ahead of comeback Fury 'delaying' Usyk fight as new details on super fight come to light "The fight didn't happen. The reason I believe is they never wanted it to happen and they never had any intention of it happening," Fury claimed. "The first week [of negotiations] I believe he was interested in the fight then he realised the daunting task and he got talked out of it by his people and himself. If that wasn't the reason, he would be here now fighting instead of Derek. But he's not and that is that." "There are no more fights that can outweigh Tyson Fury. There isn't any. There isn't more money to be had fighting Deontay Wilder or Usyk for a third time. The only money fight for him right now is to fight me, but that bird has flown. "No Joshua, no more, no more wasting time," he continued. "The way he is, he's in a comfortable position and he's worked hard for it. I'm not going to discredit his performances or discredit his achievements. What I can discredit is his lack of commitment to the British public.” Meanwhile, both Joshua and promoter Eddie Hearn maintain that they are open to staging a fight with Fury later this year.