Showing on US network ABC, the hit medical drama, Grey’s Anatomy, first hit screens in 2005, and it has since been a fan favourite for over two decades. After playing Dr Alex Karev for 16 series, Justin Chambers announced his departure from the show in 2020 but has now teased his possible return in an Instagram post on Tuesday. After being one of the original cast members from when the show first aired back in 2005, the star, who departed from the show four years ago, has now hinted he could be returning. In a cryptic Instagram post this week to his 2.1 million followers, the former model shared a picture of a cup-of-coffee, that had a sleeve featuring three of his original Grey’s Anatomy co-stars. Posing side by side you can see Chandra Wilson's Dr Miranda Bailey, Ellen Pompeo's Dr Meredith Grey, and James Pickens Jr's Dr Richard Webber on the sleeve. He captioned the post: “A fresh cup of Greys.” A likely nod to the multi-award-winning medical drama. READ MORE: NCIS' Michael Weatherly sparks fan debate as he unveils new look Fans filled the star’s comment section with hopeful speculation that he could be returning to the show in the upcoming season. One fan, @hallietherese commented: “I'll take this as a hint you’re coming back to us. Great, thanks,” while @harleigh.allison said: ”Are you trying to make me pass out because if so you’re doing a good job so far.” A third convinced fan @kurdtjohn commented: “Sounds like he’s coming back,” and @shepsfvrry added: “I hope all these hints means an alex comeback.” Many fans were questioning his post with one fan @hbnic saying: “IS THIS A HINT,” and a sixth @katierene13 said: “Sir what does this mean?" (sic)    The storyline that led to Dr Alex’s departure was the news that his flame Izzi (Katherine Heigl) had used their embryos and was raising their son and daughter in the midwest. This meant the doctor had no choice but to leave his life behind in Seattle and move to be with his family. Following the episode, showrunner Krista Vernoff spoke out about the shocking exit, saying it was “nearly impossible” to say goodbye to Chambers’ much-loved character. She explained to Us Magazine: “It is nearly impossible to say goodbye to Alex Karev. That is as true for me and for all of the writers at Grey’s Anatomy as it is for the fans. We have loved writing Alex.” DON'T MISS:The Blacklist cast left ‘very said’ after NBC cancellationLaw and Order’s Stabler 'embarrassed' by blunder meeting Ann DowdThe Blacklist fans left ‘crying’ as NBC confirm cancellation Shortly after his departure from the show, Chambers told Us Magazine how “there was no good time to say goodbye”. He explained: “There’s no good time to say goodbye to a show and a character that’s defined so much of my life." The star continued: “For some time now, however, I have hoped to diversify my acting roles and career choices." He added: “And, as I turn 50 and am blessed with my remarkable, supportive wife and five wonderful children, now is that time.” While there is no evidence to confirm Chambers’ return to the show, fans can remain hopeful. Co-star and original cast member, Ellen Pompeo has been confirmed to be stepping down as a series regular in the meantime. But, she’ll remain with the long-running medical drama as an executive producer and will appear in the series finale this spring. Grey’s Anatomy series one to 19 are streaming on Disney+ in the UK.