Bowel cancer is the second most deadly form of the disease in the UK, accounting for around 10 percent of cancer deaths. It is also the fourth most common cancer in the region, with roughly 120 new diagnoses made every day. Therefore, being aware of the symptoms could be potentially lifesaving. Also known as colorectal cancer, the disease starts in the lining of the large bowel (colon) or back passage (rectum). For this reason some of the more well-known symptoms of bowel cancer involve toilet habits. This can include finding blood in your poo or experiencing bleeding from the rectum, for example. Patients could also notice a change in their bowel movements such as needing to poo more than often, producing looser stools or constipation.  READ MORE: Robin Hood star Richard Greene suddenly collapsed from a deadly cardiac arrest It could also cause a sensation of needing to strain in your back passage, even after opening your bowels. In some cases the cancer can block the bowel, which is known as a bowel obstruction. One symptom of a bowel obstruction is abdominal distension - where the tummy becomes swollen and bloated. According to the NHS this can be accompanied by abdominal pain.  If you think you are experiencing a bowel obstruction you should seek medical help as soon as possible. Cancer Research UK says: “A bowel obstruction is an emergency. “You should see your doctor quickly or go to A&E at your nearest hospital if you think you have a bowel obstruction.” Other warning signs of a bowel obstruction include:  READ MORE: Anti-inflammatory drug may be key to 'longer lifespan' - turns ageing blood young Other symptoms of bowel cancer, not caused by an obstruction include: There are a number of factors that can increase your risk of developing bowel cancer including things like being overweight or obese, smoking, drinking alcohol and family history. However, Cancer Research UK, says diet also has an influence. Specifically it warns against eating too much red and processed meat and not eating enough fibre.  “Many studies have shown that eating lots of red and processed meat increases the risk of bowel cancer,” the charity says. “It is estimated that around 13 out of 100 bowel cancer cases in the UK are linked to eating these meats. “Processed meat is any meat that has been treated to preserve it and/or add flavour - for example, bacon, salami, sausages, canned meat or chicken nuggets. “Eating too little fibre causes around 30 in 100 bowel cancer cases in the UK.” 