Carla (played by Alison King) and Stephen's (Todd Boyce) relationship isn't the best after she humiliated him once or twice in front of important businessmen. Keen to show off his business skills and wanting to be the top man, Stephen recently acquired some LSD which he is set to spike her drinks with. Official Coronation Street spoilers reveal Stephen becomes desperate to keep Carla away and could try and persuade Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) to do his dirty work. In upcoming scenes, Carla suggests to Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) she feels better and might return to work. Unsure she should be returning so quickly, Peter calls at the factory to pick up some files for Carla and explains she hopes to be back in a few days. Keen to keep Carla out of Underworld, Stephen calls at the flat with the file for her and while her back is turned, spikes her glass of water with LSD. As the pair start to talk about the business and Stephen's complaints about the workers, she starts to feel dizzy and disorientated again. READ MORE: BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness Worried about his wife, Peter tells Stephen he’s going to call the doctor for more answers on why she keeps getting the spells. Feeling good about being in charge of Underworld whilst Carla is away, Stephen informs Elaine Jones (Paula Wilcox) he can now afford to repay her loan in full. Excited she'll be getting her money back, Elaine eyes a new flat in Redbank. Later, Stephen is dismayed to find Carla fighting fit and almost ready to get back to work, despite his latest dose in her drink. Stephen asks Sarah to convince Carla her mental health is still too fragile for her to return to work, will he get Sarah on his side? Sarah and Carla have had their differences recently, including Sarah quitting her job at the factory to pursue her own fashion company. If Sarah is still holding a grudge against Carla for ruining her business, could she believe what her uncle has been telling her about Carla? However, Stephen's constant aim to get Carla out of Underworld could set off alarm bells for Sarah and leave her to keep an eye on his actions. DON'T MISS...BBC viewers 'switch off' as fans blast Michael McIntyre's new look [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville Parker 'framed' by close colleague [WATCH]Dan Walker sparks uproar with 'crass' question to Nicola's partner [LATEST] Coronation Street writer Ian McLeod recently joined the Loose Women panel to discuss what is to come for Stephen. Denise Welch asked: "From viewers, they want to know is evil Stephen the killer going to get his comeuppance." Ian explained: "I mean... of course he is, it's a soap! Bad guys always get their comeuppance in the end don't they! "100 per cent. There is a lot of fun to be had between now and then I will say, as we are starting to see this week he is developing a new feud with one of our most popular characters, fiesty female Carla. "So he is going to go head to head with her for a while which I think I am going to really enjoy so there is a little way to go yet. "He is going to get up to more mischeive to put it mildly but yeah, in the end all bad guys meet their fate. They have too." During Monday's episode, Stephen was tasked to seal a deal with businessman man Rufus, but Carla gave him a stern warning. "Word of warning Stephen. Don't take me on. I'm telling ya you don't want to make an enemy out of me," she expressed. To which Stephen responded: "I wouldn't dream of it. But thanks for the advice." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV