Derrick Lewis and Sergey Spivak will finally get to face each other tonight after their originally proposed November 19 fight date fell through on the night. Lewis suffered a serious illness that left him unable to compete at UFC Vegas 65. The Black Beast was finished by Tai Tuivasa and Sergei Pavlovich in consecutive contests earlier this year and is dangerously close to dropping out of the heavyweight top 10. By contrast, Spivak has won his last two fights against Greg Hardy and Augusto Sakai. Having come on leaps and bounds since his disastrous debut against Walt Harris, Spivak is starting to build some momentum behind him and a win tonight would establish him among the best in the division. But he will have to get through a seriously motivated Lewis first who has upped his training and undergone a massive body transformation ahead of their clash. Fight time/venue The fight is taking place at the UFC Apex Center in Las Vegas tonight with all the preliminary action set to start at midnight for UK fans with the main card getting underway from 3am. Fans can expect Lewis vs Spivak to begin at 6am on Sunday morning. TV channel/live stream The card will be shown on BT Sport 1 with live-streaming options via the broadcasters app and website on all good internet-connected devices including smartphones, laptops and smart TVs. Full card Main card Derrick Lewis vs. Sergey Spivak Jung Da-un vs. Devin Clark Marcin Tybura vs. Blagoy Ivanov Choi Doo-ho vs. Kyle Nelson Yusaku Kinoshita vs. Adam Fugitt Preliminary card Jeka Saragih vs. Anshul Jubli – road to UFC Lightweight Tournament Final Lee Jeong-yeong vs. Yi Zha – road to UFC Featherweight Tournament Final Toshiomi Kazama vs. Rinya Nakamura – road to UFC Bantamweight Tournament Final Choi Seung-guk vs. Park Hyun-sung – road to UFC Flyweight Tournament Final Kim Ji-yeon vs. Mandy Bohm Park Jun-yong vs. Denis Tiuliulin Tatsuro Taira vs. Jesus Santos Aguilar MORE UFC NEWS... Joshua vs Ngannou teased by Hearn as 'talks' held with ex-UFC champ McGregor accused of 'chickening out' of fight with former UFC champion Ngannou worry raised by UFC icon Buffer over Fury fight - EXCLUSIVE Quotes Lewis: “I know everybody is looking at me with one eye right now like, ‘Um, I don’t know,’ so I’m gonna go out there and show them that I’m still that guy. “It’s a great feeling going to the gym now. I’m not getting sick of doing my training regiment. I’m real happy about even going to training now. “I got addicted to winning, I’m winning in life, but I also want to win in the Octagon, as well. I miss that feeling — it’s almost been a year since I had that feeling, had that sensation, so that’s what I’m chasing right now is being a winner.”