Jill Biden, 71, stood out in the crowd at the State of the Union address wearing a bright purple dress. The smart gown was matched with gold necklaces and bracelets. To match her purple dress, with a belt and notched lapel details, when heading outside the First Lady wore purple leather gloves. She wore black slingback heels and a black coat to battle the cold in Washington. The significance of the colour was not lost on many. The colour is the result of red and blue, the colour of the Republican and Democrat parties respectively. Joe Biden spoke about bipartisan cooperation in his speech, and Jill's dress choice may have been a nod to the message. The president said: "We're often told that Democrats and Republicans can't work together. But over these past two years, we proved the cynics and the naysayers wrong." However, the president was later heckled by his rival party when turned his speech to the debt limit. Biden was booed by House Republicans including congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene who shouted "liar". READ MORE: 'Taylor Swift hates Jill Biden?' Questions over Grammys clip - singer's politics explained Twitter users commented on the political message assumed to be behind Jill Biden's dress. Marisol Morales wrote: "Subliminal messaging by @FLOTUS: a purple dress, the color of bipartisanship #SOTU2023." Brianna Howard wrote: "Who are we voting for best dressed?? I do like Doctor Jill Biden’s purple outfit… maybe a nod to bipartisanship? Red and blue mixed make purple?" Mark Thornton wrote: "Jill Biden wearing purple. Could be a bipartisan theme for tonight. #phssotu" DON'T MISSJill Biden shuts down press attempts to question POTUS [VDIEO] Sarah Sanders calls on GOP to fight Biden's 'woke mob' [POLITICS] Greene brands Biden 'liar' as Republicans erupt at POTUS [FURY] Twitter users were shocked when Jill Biden appeared to kiss Vice President Kamala Harris's husband Doug Emhoff on the lips. A number of commentators shared the video on the platform. The pair met one another at the event with a friendly kiss on the cheek. But some were convinced the duo had kissed one another on the lips in their greeting. Podcast host Benny Johnson tweeted: "Did Jill Biden just kiss Kamala's husband on the LIPS?!" Arthur Schwartz asked: "Why did Jill Biden kiss Doug Emhoff on the mouth?" "I did not have Jill Biden KISSING Kamala Harris's husband on the mouth tonight with her eyes closed on my BINGO CARDS," another said.