Bravo’s hit yachting series, Below Deck returned with an all-new spin-off last year titled Below Deck Adventure. Although the series has wrapped, star Faye Clarke spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and praised Captain Kerry Titheradge for the successful charter season.  Unlike the sunny seas familiar to fans of the past seasons of Below Deck, the most recent spin-off transported viewers to the cold Norwegian Fjords. Throughout the charter season, the skilled crew onboard Mercury catered to demanding and thrill-seeking guests. Under the watchful eye of Captain Kerry, Faye led the team of stews, while Lewis Lupton put his experience to the test as bosun. As the first season of Below Deck Adventure came to an end in January, Faye reflected on the show and took the time to pay tribute to Captain Kerry. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain   In an interview with Express.co.uk, Faye admitted: “I absolutely love Australians, if I could be from anywhere in the world, it would be Australia.” Speaking on the Captain’s leadership, she highlighted: “Kerry was firm, he was professional. “He could tell you off and then laugh afterwards but you still took him seriously and that's what I like. “I supported him quite a lot through some difficult things, he supported me.”   Faye added to her tribute: “If I get to work with him again. I'll be really happy. I think we were a good captain and chief stew.” Throughout the show, Kerry refused to put the yacht, his crew or any of the guests at risk. The captain had zero tolerance for bullying on any intimidation onboard the Mercury. This was seen when he calmly pulled deckhand Kyle Dickard for a chat which later resulted in his firing. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert astonished by huge profit on £15 sculpture [INSIGHT]Below Deck fans slam Ross’ ‘disrespectful’ behaviour to Katie [REACTION]Below Deck crew member shares aspect of look stars cannot change [INSIGHT]   Things kicked off between Kyle and his bunkmate, fellow deckhand Nathan Morley after Kyle refused to clean up after himself. After being told several times to flush the toilet, Kyle threatened to beat Nathan up and when he was reported to Kerry, Kyle was then fired for his threatening and inappropriate behaviour. During the season, Faye also felt the wrath of Kerry after she chose not to tell him about a guest finding hair in their food. While she was horrified to find the hair, Faye decided against telling Kerry as she feared it would cost chef Jessica Condy her job.   While Jess vehemently denied it being her hair because she had her hair up, Faye decided the rest of the stews would continue service with their hair tied up. Despite her efforts, charter guest Jodie Turner mentioned the hair in front of Kerry as she thanked the crew for their service and offered up her tip. After the guests left and the crew had their catch-up, the captain admitted to being taken aback about finding out about the incident that way. Below Deck Adventure is available to stream on Bravo in the USA and Hayu in the UK. 