Many women will feel very confident with their mascara application, but what they fail to realise is that there are some common mistakes which add years to the face. Professional makeup artist Saffron Hughes from False Eyelashes shared her top mascara tips for significantly reducing signs of ageing. Saffron Hughes revealed that it is possible to nail the "bright, young eyes" look with mascara. The expert told mature women that the first step before applying any product is to curl the lashes. She stated: "Eyelashes tend to become thinner and more limp as we age, so curl them before applying any mascara. "The shape of the curl opens up the eye and reduces the appearance of hooded eyes." READ MORE: 'Crucial' anti-ageing tip that will 'definitely knock a few years of Next up is choosing a product. Saffron recommended going for a waterproof formula as nobody wants smudged mascara. She explained: "If your mascara runs or smudges beneath the eye, it’s going to undo the anti-ageing effects and create extra shadows underneath the eye." The secret to younger-looking eyes might be investing in a new mascara wand, according to the expert. While a big, thick wand with dense bristles is "great for building volume", it's very difficult to coat every eyelash with it. In contrast, a long, skinny, toothed mascara wand that is slightly tapered at the end will "be your best friend for both precision and well-defined lashes". "This kind of wand is especially helpful for adding length and definition to even the sparsest and limp eyelashes." Saffron's next tip may surprise women who have been applying black mascara all their adult lives. The expert advised: "I recommend drawing attention to your beautiful eye colour with coloured mascaras, as this can steer unwanted attention away from other aged areas of the eye. READ MORE: Anti-ageing exercise which promises a 'completely new body' "Natural colour theory suggests that the most complementary coloured mascara for blue-eyed beauties would be brown. "For green eyes, opt for a mascara with a red tinge to exaggerate any emerald tones. For rich brown eyes, try a navy mascara." But before applying mascara to the eyelashes, Saffron suggested getting rid of any excess product. "Wiping excess product off the mascara wand with a tissue before applying the first layer to mature eyes means the lashes remain separated," she explained. False Eyelashes' Saffron Hughes continued: "Once your base layer has dried, go in with more product for maximum pay off with more volume, length and thickness - youthful lashes in seconds!" Finally, the expert told mature women to focus on one specific section of their lashes for maximum anti-ageing benefits. "To widen the eye, apply a pencil eyeliner to the outer third tight-line and follow up with mascara on this area. Allow to dry, then apply the mascara as you would normally."