King Charles III and Camilla, the Queen Consort met members of the public during a visit to the Bangladeshi community of Brick Lane on February 8. The King and Queen Consort met local charities and businesses and members actively involved in the anti-racism movement of the 1960s and 1970s. But when visiting a historic mosque on Brick Lane, it was revealed that King Charles had a hole in his sock. The thrifty King has long eschewed fashion trends, preferring instead to don well-worn favourites that have stood the test of time. But while he is determined to be seen as a frugal monarch just like his monarch, royal aides may have advised His Majesty needs a new pair of socks. The small hole in the black sock on his right foot was visible as he took off his shoes to adhere to custom inside the mosque. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims    Royal fans were endeared by King Charles being so relatable with his holey socks, and took to social media to say so. Fan @camillaregbrit tweeted: "Even the King of the United Kingdom has a hole in his sock." Another royal watcher, @royalinstablog replied: "He has to be sustainable." Twitter user @murphyheather_ added: "I know there will be criticism and critique but I find this endearingly wholesome. Royal fan @steps_ka commented: "It is life... that's all. Great respect." In addition, @BethPar43844264 added: "King Charles is truly one of us! Most of us have at least one pair of socks with a hole." @Dalia42478854 saw the similarities with the late Queen Elizabeth II, saying: "I love the King and have so much respect for him as for the late Queen, they always wore same old clothes with pride, helping people... God bless the King." Giving a nod to King Charles' sustainable practices, @jomilleweb said: "He’s always rewearing everything I’m sure he will get this tailored fixed rather than buy a new one." READ MORE: Kate and Meghan will wear 'small crowns' at King Charles' coronation Royal fan @Sala7uldin said: "Authentic!" Meanwhile, @sallywilts added: "Our royalty is far from being snobs. Make do and mend." In addition, @Adelsexpertin wrote: "Very sustainable." @TheresaPhilips pointed out that King Charles is not the only royal to make such a fashion blunder - as Prince Harry did something similar a few years ago. Posting a picture where he is walking beside his wife Meghan Markle, the royal fan wrote: "Prince Harry with a hole in his shoe." Huge crowds greeted the King and Queen as they made their way down Brick Lane, the symbolic face of London’s Bangladeshi community. More than 1,000 well-wishers lined the route as the couple followed a group of dancers scattering flower petals in their path. During an occasionally chaotic visit, the King planted a tree and was given a box of jalebi and Bengali samosas by a local restaurant, promising to try some later. He was offered a cup of tea in the crowded Graam Bangla Restaurant, but the monarch only got as far as putting sugar in the cup before it was whisked away on the advice of his police protection officers for fear that it was about to be spilt. 