Houseplants are typically chosen for aesthetic reasons as the beauty of their blooms or leaves play the biggest role. However, some indoor plants can come with other benefits, such as the scent they give off in homes. To get an idea of which houseplants fall under this category, Maddison Moulton at All About Gardening shared a few that “smell fantastic”. She said: “When you top off a houseplant that has beautiful visual attributes with an intoxicating scent, you have a sensory plant that deserves a spot in your indoor garden.” Orchids are one of the most popular houseplants in UK households. According to the expert, some varieties have a “spectacular fragrance” when they flower, ranging from spices like cinnamon, vanilla and chocolate to the scents of other flowers like roses and lilies. Maddison said: “They also flower for longer periods than other species so will produce a scent for a few months at least.” She suggested gardeners opt for varieties such as brassavola nodosa that smell like lily of the valley, oncidium which has chocolate notes, or cattleya walkeriana which has notes of vanilla mixed with cinnamon. READ MORE: Top four ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove mould and condensation However, there are some varieties that produce an unwelcoming scent. The expert claimed: “These have been described as smelling like rotting meat or feces. “They have these smells in order to attract insects that eat decaying matter, which in turn pollinate the plants.” Maddison urged households to avoid opting for the bulbophyllum species indoors. Easy to grow, the expert noted that hyacinths provide a “yearly burst of fragrance” that has an “intoxicating aroma”. The short stems are around eight to 10 inches tall and packed with colourful blooms that smell beautiful and impart their fragrance around a room. DON'T MISS‘Totally obliterate’ mould from your grout with 99p bathroom staple [COMMENT]‘Melt away’ tea cup stains with 4p cleaning item - ‘excellent results’ [TIPS]Home improvement to save ‘£600 a year’ on bills and add property value [EXPERT] The original purple-blue flower colour has given way to more colours including cream, pink, apricot and red, giving you plenty of options when growing indoors. Arguably one of the most scented indoor plants to grow is lavender. However, it’s not typically thought of as a houseplant. Maddison said: “Luckily, there are ways to grow lavender as a houseplant successfully and benefit from the sweet fragrance the flowers and leaves bring.” The plant requires water only when its soil is completely dry. When watering, make sure you are watering deeply, doing so until the water flows through the pot and out of the drainage holes at the bottom. Make sure to also discard any excess water that accumulates in the saucer. READ MORE: ‘Important’ task to ensure lavender plants ‘survive winter’ While lavender can tolerate lower light for short periods, they perform best with a good stint of direct sun during the spring and summer. The common gardenia scent loved by many can be transported indoors with potted gardenia jasminoides, according to the expert. In order for the plant to flower and give off its scent, they need the correct temperature - 18 to 21 degrees during the day and 15 to 18 degrees at night. Fertilising every two to three weeks in the growing season and cutting off any spent blooms will encourage re-blooming. Maddison noted: “More blooms mean more fragrance around your home.” The subtle fragrance of flowering hoya carnosa makes it a popular choice as a houseplant. The expert said: “The waxy velvet pink and red flowers create a perfume, but it doesn’t overpower the room. As an added bonus, they cascade over pots or hanging baskets beautifully. “To produce these scented flowers, they need a full day of bright indirect sunlight in a spot right next to a window.” It’s important not to move its position once it’s growing well as they don’t like change and only water when the soil is starting to dry out to avoid problems with root rot that prohibit flowering. Then it comes to fertilising, only do this in the growing season of spring and summer and don’t overfertilise or it will not bloom well or at all.