Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been thanked by Ukrainians through the use of a billboard hailing his "bravery". Mr Johnson was one of a number of leaders acknowledged for supporting Ukraine as the country defends itself against the Russian invasion. In Bucha, a western suburb of Kyiv, a billboard with Mr Johnson's face on it includes the words: "The world of brave people! Thank you for the support." The billboards were created by the Brave Society – a Ukrainian construction company. Other world leaders thanked included US President Joe Biden, Polish President Andrzej Duda, Canadian President Justin Trudeau, and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. Mr Johnson was one of leading figures when it came to support Ukraine, making a number of trips to Kyiv to speak with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Last month, Mr Johnson visited the country again. He was welcomed by Mr Zelensky, who said: "I welcome Boris Johnson, a true friend of Ukraine, to Kyiv. Boris thanks for your support!" During the trip, Mr Johnson said "the suffering of the people of Ukraine has gone on for too long". He added: "The only way to end this war is for Ukraine to win - and to win as fast as possible. This is the moment to double down, and to give the Ukrainians all the tools they need to finish the job. READ MORE: Russia planning new attack on Ukraine as 'Putin doesn't want peace' "The sooner Putin fails, the better for Ukraine and for the whole world." Despite no longer being in power, Mr Johnson continues to use his platform to passionately support Ukraine. This week, he wrote an op-ed for the Washington Post, arguing that the country should be welcomed into NATO. He said: “We should have insisted on the reality — that the Kremlin had nothing to fear from NATO, because it is a defensive alliance." DON'T MISSBoris urges US to give Ukraine 'the tools' to defeat Putin's army [INSIGHT]Boris demands Challenger tanks from Wiltshire be sent to Ukraine [ANALYSIS]Boris launches attack on Sunak at US leg of his comeback tour [INSIGHT] "Russian President Vladimir Putin has destroyed countless lives, homes, hopes and dreams. “He has also destroyed the slightest reason to sympathise with him, or to humour him in his paranoia.” He added: "People used to claim that Ukraine wasn’t properly militarily compatible with NATO. Today, Ukrainians are deploying a dizzying variety of equipment from NATO countries, with the utmost skill and bravery. “There is absolutely nothing that Nato could teach Ukrainians about fighting a war — in fact, there is a lot that they could teach us.”