Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been branded "selfish brats" by US TV host Megyn Kelly. The host of The Megyn Kelly Show tore into the couple, mocking their latest endeavours after South Park did the same in a recent episode. "[South Park] saw through every veneer that this phoney pair put up. 'Oh we want our privacy'," Kelly said of the Duke and Duchess. She continued: "'We just wanted to control our narrative'. Well, you're public figures, you don't get to! Shut up! You think Joe Biden would like control his public narrative? "Get over it! You don't get to do that. Once you become a public figure, it's fair game for us to comment on you. And guess what else? It doesn't always tend to be laudatory, especially when you're selfish brats like the two of you," she opined on Sky News Australia's Paul Murray Live. Kelly went on to criticise Meghan and Harry's Netflix series as well as the Duke's tell-all memoir Spare which made headlines all over the world.  She went on to imitate the couple, commenting: "'Maybe if we just do the Netflix doc or we just do the Spare publicity tour then they'll see how amazing we are.' "What's actually happening is they're confirming all of our worst suspicions and offering even worse than the ones we conjured up in our heads!" She claimed that Harry and Meghan couldn't blame South Park for negative press, only themselves. The hit US TV show recently mocked the couple with an episode following the Prince and Princess of Canada. READ MORE: No 'next step' for Meghan and Harry, says Ben Shapiro The Prince of Canada has Harry's bright red hair and has written a book titled Waaagh while the Princess of Canada wears a dusky pink outfit similar to the one Meghan war during the Trooping the Colour in 2018. The couple go on a "Worldwide Privacy Tour" holding signs which read "We want our privacy!" and "Stop looking at us!" South Park often takes aims at celebrities and begins every episode with a disclaimer that all characters, "even those based on real people - are entirely fictional". It carries on to say the show "should not be viewed by anyone" due to its content. Now, royal watchers are waiting to see whether Meghan and Harry will accept the King's invitation to the Coronation on May 6. 