WARNING: This article contains spoilers from all episodes of The Last of Us The Last of Us is nearing an end and this week fans got a particularly hard-hitting episode called Left Behind, which served as a flashback to Ellie Williams’ (played by Bella Ramsey) life before she met Joel Miller (Pedro Pascal). Viewers finally met her best friend Riley Abel (Storm Reid) and discovered she was supposed to be joining the Fireflies when she met an untimely end with Ellie left heartbroken. However, before tragedy struck, Ellie and Riley had an amazing evening together inside an abandoned mall thought to be empty of any of the infected. Riley had a series of surprises planned for Ellie which included playing on some old arcade machines and retro video games. They also took a ride on a carousel after Riley managed to get the electricity working again. The pair walked past lots of shops such as The Body Shop and other recognisable brands including a lingerie store with both girls questioning the point of the skimpy underwear. The Last of Us was filmed in various locations in Canada and some viewers are wondering if the mall scenes were also shot a real-life shopping centre. READ MORE: Call the Midwife star hints at exit for Matthew after wedding The show’s production designer John Paino said he and his team found an abandoned mall in Calgary, Canada which was “completely stripped”. The Last of Us Instagram fan account shared a behind-the-scenes image from the mall set and tagged the Northland Village Mall which was shut down in 2021 after first opening in 1971. The mall is being redeveloped and turned into an open-air complex, according to CBC. Paino and the crew built a roof and a selection of stores, which included picking and creating 20 to 25 shopfronts including Foot Locker and Victoria’s Secret. The location didn’t have a second floor, so when the girls looked out of the balcony, CGI was needed to create the rest of the mall. He also said the video game arcade was based on other ones but the name Raja’s Arcade was taken directly from the source material. Raja’s Arcade is featured in The Last of Us video game including the font and featured retro video games such as Mortal Combat and Tetris. In regards to the merry-go-round, which also appears in the video game, they had to rent a carousel from another mall to use for their set. The show’s creators Craig Mazin and Neil Druckmann wanted the video games to look as authentic as possible. The crew even rebuilt the video game screens using LEDs to make them look clear during filming. Paino said he was a “child of the 70s” during the growth of mall culture and admitted it was like a “temple” for him. He told Variety: “I’d spend a lot of time there and in the video arcade. So, we were hoping to find something like that.” The mall gave Ellie an insight into a long-forgotten world given the post-apocalyptic nightmare she was living in. He said: “She’s fascinated with lingerie and can’t believe that people had the time for that, but it’s sad because she’s denied what is typical for us, such as understanding the bigger world outside of trying to stay alive.” DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter leaves co-stars uneasy with racy remark [VIDEO]Matt Hancock uses £320K from I'm A Celeb pay to set up TV company [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV [NEWS] Set decorate Paul Healy said: “The mall was, I think, one of the most amazing sets. We had to get a carousel. “We had to do a Halloween store. We had to do a Victoria’s Secrets store.” Speaking about the episode, Bella said in an Inside the Episode video: “Riley is Ellie’s only friend, really, in the QZ zone. She also has quite a big crush on her. “Their bond and their relationship is very real, pure and fun. They have a really interesting dynamic and I love working with Storm to create that.” The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW on at 2am and 9pm