Republican infighting has broken out after the Department of Defense reported that three Chinese spy balloons entered US airspace during the Trump administration. Trump had led calls to shoot down the suspected Chinese spy balloon, which drifted into US airspace earlier this week. Now his most ardent supporters are facing charges of hypocrisy from fellow Republicans. Republicans coming under fire include Trump enthusiast Marjorie Taylor Greene, who tweeted on Saturday: "I just spoke with our GREAT America First President Trump. He would have never allowed China to fly a spy balloon over our country and our military bases and assets. "Pres Trump would have shot it down before it entered the US." Likewise, US. Rep. Joe Wilson, of South Carolina, said both Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris should resign because of the fiasco. "The catastrophic Chinese Spy Balloon spectacle clearly threatened American families from Alaska to my home community in South Carolina and confirms President Biden and Vice President Harris should resign," Wilson said in a tweet. READ MORE: Trump says he will end Putin's war with Ukraine 'within 24 hours' if he becomes President The irony has not been lost on the anti-Trump wing of the party. Republicans against Trumpism, a movement that has almost 400k followers on Twitter, posted: "So after we heard MAGA politicians in the last 24 hours screaming that 'Trump would've shot it down', we just learned that Chinees spy balloons entered the US airspace THREE times when Trump was in the WH, and he refused to take any action." The entity added: "Hilarious." Likewise, Mona Sanford, who describes herself as an "original Republican", tweeted: "Why didn't Ex-President Trump do that when he was POTUS? Ex-President Trump had at least 3 Chinese balloons across America while POTUS according to DOD." DON'T MISSUS town evacuated as 50-car train accident sparks huge fire [REPORT]Video captures chaotic moment Americans use new roundabout [LATEST]Student victim put up 'fierce fight' against Idaho killer [INSIGHT] And Debbie Fett Moscatom, co-founder of the movement Republicans for Joe Biden, tweeted: "Maybe if you and all the other opportunistic enablers had stood up to him all along, he wouldn't have gone down that path." Trump's defenders doubled down against these charges, with one Twitter user, Camazotz, tweeting: "Now I’m reading that people from people who are more true patriots than I are saying the Pentagon is lying. This is what it takes to be truly MAGA." Another user, JirooGuerrero, also came to Trump's defence: "It would’ve been bigger news for Chinese spy balloons when trump was in office than now cuz everyone was trying to have trump fail in a situation like this so I honestly doubt it happened cuz why is the news coming to light now? Think about it regardless if you like Trump or not." According to a senior Pentagon official, three balloons made it into the US during the Trump years, but never for as long as the one that recently flew across the country. READ MORE: 'Dumb mistake' to bet against Trump as Republicans 'still love him', says expert The balloon reportedly entered US airspace last week from Canada, hovering over Montana, which houses nuclear silos, as it made its way southeast before flying off the coast of South Carolina. Mark Esper, the former Secretary of Defense told CNN that he was "surprised" by the Pentagon's statement, saying he was never told about Chinese surveillance balloons entering the US when he served between July 2019 to November 2020. "I don't ever recall somebody coming into my office or reading anything that the Chinese had a surveillance balloon above the United States,' Esper said, adding that "I would remember that for sure". The massive white orb that drifted across US airspace this week and was shot down by the Air Force over the Atlantic on live television Saturday triggered a diplomatic maelstrom and blew up on social media. China insists the balloon was just an errant civilian airship used mainly for meteorological research that went off course due to winds and had only limited “self-steering” capabilities. It also issued a threat of “further actions.” In a statement after the craft was shot down, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the use of force by the US was “an obvious overreaction and a serious violation of international practice", adding: ”China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests, and at the same time reserving the right to take further actions in response.”