George R Robertson died on Sunday at Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre in Toronto. His family confirmed the tragic news, saying he died "surrounded by his loving family". His memorial is said to be expected to take place in the latter part of next month. The Canadian actor played Chief Hurst in the first six Police Academy films. The franchise started back in 1984 and spawned seven movies across the following decade. It revolved around a police academy that is told it must take any recruits who want to join up. READ MORE: Sarah Beeny unveils new 'tattoos' amid ongoing breast cancer treatment George first appeared as Henry in the original movie directed by Hugh Wilson. He went on to appear in sequel Their First Assignment, followed by Back in Training, Citizens on Patrol, Assignment Miami Beach and City Under Siege in 1989. The star left after that, declining to stay for the last one, 1994's Police Academy: Mission To Moscow. The franchise's cast was made up of household names such as former football player Bubba Smith, George Gaynes and a young Kim Cattrall before Sex And The City.   As well as the above, the star had a long list of acting credits to his name. George guest-starred in an episode of The Twilight Zone and played Dick Cheney in The Path to 9/11. He also appeared in three films that were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture: 1970's Airport, 1979's Norma Rae and JFK in 1991. His final film credits were Still Mine in 2012 and 2017 National Geographic movie Cradle To Grave. DON'T MISSFern Britton in mishap as she admits being 'in love' with fellow celebVicky McClure finally addresses inappropriate premiere dressAustin Butler shares 'what they don't tell you about winning' awards  The former, a Canadian romantic drama, was based on a true story and featured James Cromwell. Away from acting, George was involved in humanitarian work, being a UNICEF ambassador. He spoke to schools dressed as Chief Hurst and was honoured with Danny Kaye UNICEF Canada Award in 1990. George's family have said his later life was also devoted to painting and writing.  He was educated in New York City, earning an MBA in 1959 at Columbia University. It was while there that he met his wife of 61 years Adele George. He leaves behind his beloved spouse, daughters Sarah and Ellen, as well as grandchildren Julia and William.