Episode five of The Last of Us, Endure and Survive, has been another highlight of the series following Nick Offerman and Murray Bartlett’s tear-jerking two-hander at the end of January. Newcomer Keivonn Woodard has now caught the attention of HBO viewers as one of the biggest breakout stars of the acclaimed video game adaptation. Tributes have flooded in for the newcomer’s stunning performance in his first-ever major TV role on The Last of Us. The latest episode begins by introducing two more survivors, Sam Burrell (played by Woodard) and his older brother Henry (Lamar Johnson). Sam and Henry are also looking for a way out of Kansas City, and believe they’ve found it when they bump into Joel (Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey). Unfortunately, their journey ends in tragedy when Ellie realises her new friend has been bitten and discovers he’s been infected despite her attempts to transfer her immunity with her blood. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity In the touching behind-the-scenes interview, Woodard was joined by American Sign Language (ASL) director CJ Jones to explain his role in the series. In ASL, he says: “My name is Keivonn Woodard and my role is Sam.” His co-star, Lemar Johnson, shared: “Leading up to getting the role, I did not know ASL.” “Lamar and Bella picked up ASL in an instant,” Pascal said before Ramsey added: “The interpreters and CJ, and Keivonn and his mum, they were so willing to help anyone who wanted to learn. “In the end, all the crew were signing because everyone wanted to communicate and let them know how great they were.” “Sam is deaf and I am deaf,” Woodard went on. “We both sign. And seeing how deaf people are and how they navigate the world, and that they can, I think is important.” Keivonn’s character wasn’t deaf in the original PlayStation 3 game, but fans of the HBO series have praised the young star for adding extra depth to the brothers’ heartbreaking story. When the new clip was posted on YouTube, Edward Non commented: “Sam (Keivonn) was an absolute gem in this episode and really early on I felt the want to protect him at all costs. “It was so amazing how he was able to convey every bit of emotion the character was going through without using any words. “I really wished Sam and Henry's fates would be changed in the show as opposed to the game, but getting to know the brothers a little more made their end a little more heartbreaking.” DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods’ Erin Reagan set for romance [THEORY]1923’s Harrison Ford ‘excited’ to return for season 2 [LATEST]NCIS Hawaii’s Lucy reunites with Kate in surprise return [INSIGHT] Han Fang Cheng replied: “This is my favourite ‘Inside the Episode’ so far, ASL, the awareness and the reflection of bonding between Henry/Sam and Joel/Ellie, for all. Keivonn is so beautiful and bright.” Nicholas Garrick said: “The whole show has been phenomenal, but I think this is the best episode so far. “Props to Lamar and Keivonn for making Sam and Henry’s storyline even more devastating than it already is.” On Twitter, @milagroscarpioo said: “Keivonn did AMAZING! And it’s so sweet to see his co-stars learn ASL and bond with him too.” “I love seeing deaf actors in good TV roles,” Michael Vesiso added. “Media rarely makes room for them, but they're just as capable of delivering moving performances.” Johnson also penned his own tribute to his co-star, tweeting: “So grateful for this opportunity to do what I love on such an incredible, awe-inspiring show. “Thank you @clmazin and @Neil_Druckmann, it was a wonderful ride and I couldn’t have asked for a better partner/brother/talent in Keivonn, my Super Sam.” (sic) The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO and HBO Max in the USA and the following Monday on Sky Atlantic and NOW.