The Sims video game has caused controversy after releasing an in game update giving users the option to make their teenage character non-binary or transgender. The mostly female user base can now give their characters double mastectomy scars and chest binders. The Sims is advertised to children aged 12 and older.  Creators of the game announced the "base game update" on Twitter yesterday, which includes so-called "medical wearable and binders". It was met with fury by people reacting to the updates. The popular page Libs of TikTok claimed: "They’re teaching young healthy girls that it’s ok to chop off their breasts." The Sims is a lifestyle video game franchise which was first released in 2000. There are several games in the franchise with the most recent being Sims 4. The Game developers Maxis proudly claimed the game has a "very unique playerbase" with The Sims 4 audience being women between the ages of 18 and 24. READ MORE: Pigeon dyed for 'gender reveal' party found by wildlife care Players can create their own unique characters with homes, families and much more, simulating a whackier virtual version of real life. In a recent job listing for Senior Game Designer, the creators asked for applicants to have "deep insights" into making the gaming experience the best it can be for its users. The new update includes things like hearing aids and shapewear to make people feel more included. Maxis added on their website: "Under the Body category, all players can find a Body Scars category with an option for Teen and older male Sims (masculine or feminine frame) to add a top surgery scar to their Sims. Binders and shapewear are clothing items that compress people’s chest or make them appear more curved. Another Twitter user, commenting on the update said: "God this sucks." While another added: "It’s criminal". One person even joked: "Does this game feature regret?"    Meanwhile more progressive internet users shared their joy at the update. One self-described transgender wrote: "Finally, binders and top surgery! My little trans heart is so happy." "I finally get to see myself in game," another added. The company has not commented on the row.