Max Verstappen has backed Valtteri Bottas over his criticism of F1's ban of political protests. From the 2023 season onwards, drivers won't be able to wear clothing or take actions that are perceived as political statements on race weekends, suppressing the likes of Lewis Hamilton who have long used their platform to raise publicity on social issues. Drivers at all FIA-sanctioned events will now need permission to display "political, religious and personal statements" from the sport’s governing body. And a “failure to comply with the instructions of the FIA” will now be considered a breach of the regulations and face sanctions, likely to be in the form of a fine or race ban. Seven-time world champion Hamilton, along with retired star Sebastian Vettel, has become renowned for speaking out and embracing protests. He memorably wore a T-shirt that read: 'Arrest the cops who killed Breonna Taylor' on the podium at the Tuscan Grand Prix in 2020 - in reference to the 26-year-old being shot by police during a raid on her home in Kentucky, USA. Vettel meanwhile, wore a rainbow pride T-shirt with the words ‘Same Love’ on the grid at the 2021 Hungarian Grand Prix to show support for the LGBTQ+ community. And Bottas, a team-mate of Hamilton for five seasons at Mercedes, recently hit out at the decision to render such actions a breach. JUST IN: F1 drivers banding together as 'concerns' raised to spark more arguments before new season And now Verstappen has weighed in: "Some people are more outspoken than others. I’m normally not outspoken of that because first of all, it’s tough as a racing driver to be fully committed to that as well, in terms of going into everything and making sure that you know all the facts right," he told Sky Sports. "But I don’t think it (the ban) is necessary. "In a way, you’re basically making sure people are not allowed to speak anymore which I think we should be allowed and of course, like I said before, some people will speak a bit more, some not. But it was probably a bit unnecessary." DON'T MISS:Red Bull making Ferrari and Mercedes 'look stupid' as team's unsung heroes hailedSebastian Vettel urges drivers to rebel against 'nonsense' FIA rules - 'Have courage'Red Bull boss Christian Horner gives early 2023 Ferrari and Mercedes verdict - 'Nervous'  Verstappen's views may be surprising to some, given the two-time world champion appears to stay clear of political issues. But the measure has also received support, notably from McLaren boss Zak Brown, who implied protests detracted from the action on a Grand Prix weekend. "I think in general we want to be a sport that is doing good," he said. We just need to find a balance there and not have every start of a race being a new political agenda for someone. I don't think that's healthy as it can detract from what everyone has tuned in to, which is they want to watch a Grand Prix."