WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Gold on BBC On November, 26, 1983, three tonnes of solid gold bullion was taken by six armed robbers from the Brink’s-Mat security depot near Heathrow Airport. The criminals had been looking to do a run-of-mill heist when the stumbled across a much bigger prize of the gold which was worth £26 million. Six-part BBC drama series The Gold retells the events of the Brink’s-Mat heist, melding together fact with fiction to create a compelling tale. In the final episode of The Gold, police officer Nicki Jennings (played by Charlotte Spencer) and her colleague Tony Brightwell (Emun Elliott) realised half of the stolen gold was still missing. Jennings said: “We thought we’d stopped them. We thought we’d stopped all of them. There was more to come, more gold, more money but he said he’d finished.” She then pointed to the figure of £13million on a board, hinting only half of the money seemed to be in the hands of the criminals with the rest of it split right at the start of the heist. Leading police detective Brian Boyce (Hugh Bonneville) confirmed it, simply saying: “I know.” READ MORE: Virgin River season 5: Martin Henderson drops huge production update The trio then seemed to begin a fresh investigation into where the gold might have gone as they continued their lines of inquiry as the credits rolled. The rest of the gold from the Brink’s-May robbery was never recovered by the authorities. But there has been speculation it eventually found its way back into the legitimate gold market. The police also said some of the stolen gold was even sold back to its original owner Johnson Matthey. READ MORE: Here's what happened to Gordon Parry after the Brink's-Mat heist There have even been claims any gold jewellery bought after 1983 could well have been from the stolen haul. According to BBC News, some of the gold is said to have vanished in the criminal underworld and later turned up in foreign bank accounts in the likes of Miami, Luxembourg and Switzerland. Some of the gold was said to have been melted down by a British businessman. Proceeds from the gold also travelled around the world as the money was washed and no longer associated with the stolen haul. READ MORE: BBC series The Gold features both fictional and real-life figures Money from the gold was later put back into the property development boom in the London Docklands. Some of the money from the gold was used to buy a former part of Cheltenham Ladies' College and then turned into flats and sold off, according to The Independent. Decades after the heist, the police continued to delve into the destination of the missing gold but it appears most of those involved in the Brink’s-Mat robbery got away with it and the gold will sadly never be recovered. This is because the operation was conducted with precision and a highly-sophisticated money laundering process in place to clean the gold and the money as quickly as possible. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm [UPDATE]Chicago PD fans left in tears as Voight pays moving tribute to Olinsky [VIEWER REACTION]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal [INTERVIEW] Speaking about meeting the real-life Boyce, actor Bonneville said about the dedicated detective: “He took me through the story of his policing life which led to him being given charge of this particular operation. “It’s been documented elsewhere that there was a significant amount of corruption in the police throughout the ‘60s, ‘70s and ‘80s – but Boyce was clearly a man who was not going to be corrupted, which is why he was trusted by both the Security Forces and by those high up in the establishment. “I often think about characters in terms of their pulse rate and one of the main things I took away from my meeting with him was that he has a slow pulse, a calm pulse. “He’s a man who considers, reflects and he’s a good delegator. He trusted his team, or needed to trust his team when he couldn’t trust those around him and he kept those he could trust particularly close.” The Downton Abbey actor went on to say about Boyce’s role in the investigation: “Boyce was a man who wanted to play with a straight bat and when Brink’s-Mat came along, it was decided that a completely separate building, operation, and hand-picked team would be required to undertake the task of trying to piece together what had happened.” The Gold airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm and is streaming as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer now