Vincent Kompany believes Mikel Arteta has the steel to keep Arsenal’s title challenge on track whatever happens in Wednesday night’s showdown with Manchester City. Arteta clashes with his old mentor Pep Guardiola in a first plays second with huge ramifications for the destiny of the Premier League title. But Kompany believes if City do land a blow at the Emirates, it will not knock Arteta or his Gunners out of what promises to be a battle royal until May. “He's got the energy and especially the resilience to deal with setbacks and keep going, draw his own conclusions and improve,” said Kompany. “That’s why I think he's doing so well with Arsenal. “And that is why he is definitely he's going to continue doing well, there's no doubt about that.” Arteta spent three years and five months working under Guardiola when Kompany – currently on target to join them in battle with Burnley in the Premier League next season – was in his final three seasons as a player. And having observed Arteta learn and grow under the best manager in the game, the Clarets boss says the Spaniard’s success at Arsenal is no surprise. READ MORE: Arsenal sent scary message by Man City boss Pep Guardiola ahead of Emirates showdown  “The pair had a very natural good relationship and understanding. There was a great compatibility between the two,” he said. “I could draw the link to what he's doing now and that's why I'm not surprised. “And like any good coaching staff, he was definitely an extension of Pep, probably the one of the coaching staff that was closer to the players, and understanding fully what Pep wanted as a manager. “You could see Mikel was in that transition moment from being a player to being a coach. He was hungry, he was very active, full of energy, and obviously he was in a good environment to develop and grow his own ideas.” Arteta’s previous clashes with his old boss have not gone according to plan with just one victory – an FA Cup semi-final behind closed doors at Wembley in July 2020. DON'T MISSRangers let opponents walk ball into net from kick-off after 20-man brawlCasemiro has received punishment at Man Utd he never had at Real MadridMan Utd boss Ten Hag may drop three players for Barcelona clash The other six times they have locked horns have seen the Gunners boss lose to Guardiola’s City and by an aggregate score of 15-1. City midfielder Ilkay Gundogan insisted Guardiola’s side were ready to inflict more pain on Arsenal having booted themselves back into form against Aston Villa at the weekend. “I think with this win, I think we are ready to go on Wednesday now,” he said. “That is the target. We will travel to London to try to win the game and get the three points, even though we know it is going to be hard. “It’s going to be a top game and we will try to get the three points. We are playing against the best side in England so far this season, so it is going to be a top game. They are a side that we know very well. “We expect football on the highest level and we are all looking forward to it.”