Jessica Andrade and Erin Blanchfield headline tonight’s UFC Fight Night card in a women's flyweight bout. Andrade steps in as a short-notice replacement for fellow Brazilian Taila Santos. This marks Andrade’s second outing in less than a month following her victory over Lauren Murphy at UFC 283, which improved her winning streak to three. Meanwhile, Blanchfield has won seven in a row, including all four of her UFC bouts. Last time out, she submitted Molly McCann in the first round of their UFC 281 clash. Venue/fight times Tonight’s UFC Fight Night card kicks off at 9pm UK time with the main card set to commence at midnight. Andrade and Blanchfield are then expected to make their ring walks at around 3am in the early hours of Sunday morning. The event takes place at the UFC Apex in Las Vegas. Live stream/TV channel All of the action is being shown on BT Sport 1 with their coverage starting at 10pm. The night’s proceedings can be live-streamed via the BT Sport app on all good internet-connected devices including laptops, mobile phones and Smart TVs. Full card Main card Jessica Andrade vs Erin Blanchfield; Women's flyweight Jordan Wright vs Zac Pauga; Light heavyweight Josh Parisian vs Jamal Pogues; Heavyweight William Knight vs Marcin Prachnio; Light heavyweight Jim Miller vs Alexander Hernandez; Lightweight Prelims Joe Solecki vs Benoit Saint-Denis; Lightweight Lina Lansberg vs Mayra Bueno Silva; Women's bantamweight Jamall Emmers vs Khusein Askhabov; Featherweight Ovince Saint Preux vs Philipe Lins; Light heavyweight Nazim Sadykhov vs Evan Elder; Lightweight AJ Fletcher vs Themba Gorimbo; Welterweight Clayton Carpenter vs Juancamilo Ronderos; Flyweight MORE UFC NEWS... UFC fighter's 'penis stopped working' after making huge weight cut McGregor breaks silence on long-awaited UFC comeback fight Wilder 'fielding offers' for Ngannou fight after Ruiz Jr development Quotes Andrade on pay upgrade for Blanchfield fight: “It was something really good, a great change in my career,” Andrade said on a recent episode of the MMA Fighting podcast Trocação Franca. “Now I’ll really be able to make my nest egg and plan my life. Maybe my body won’t be the same in five or six years, so now I’ll be able to change my life and my family’s lives. “This is work well done from my part, but also my team, to be putting on good fights and always being available when the UFC needs. This fight has really saved my life in every sense. I’ll even buy my mother a new house. “My last contract had 10 fights, but Ali said that was crazy, that it wasn’t a good idea to have a contract with so many fights,” she said. “He said, ‘Let’s do the next contracts with less fights, but with you getting paid more.’”