Clarkson's Farm season 2 is here. The hotly-anticipated docu-series, which is exclusive to Amazon's Prime Video streaming service, has returned with eight new episodes. The series follows ex-Top Gear presented Jeremy Clarkson as he attempts to run his 1,000-acre Diddly Squat Farm in Oxfordshire with girlfriend Lisa Hogan, young farmer Kaleb Cooper, and solemn bookkeeper Charlie Ireland. The new series of Clarkson's Farm contains eight episodes, which detail Jeremy Clarkson's attempts to successfully introduce cattle to the Diddly Squat Farm, remove troublesome badgers, and open a restaurant. The entire season of Clarkson's Farm 2 is available to stream on release day (February 10, 2023). And you can watch every episode of Clarkson's Farm on Prime Video for free. Yes, really. Amazon currently offers a 30-day free trial of its Prime Video streaming service – with everything included in the streamer's expansive catalogue available to stream or download to watch offline. Test out the streamer HERE to start watching the new series of Clarkson's Farm without paying! Your Prime Video trial will unlock both seasons of Clarkson's Farm, as well as a dizzying number of other TV shows, including The Grand Tour, which sees Jeremy Clarkson reunite with ex-Top Gear teammates Richard Hammond and James May to travel the world to complete challenges in vehicles, superhero satire The Boys, The Lord Of The Rings: The Rings Of Power – a critically lauded prequel to the original trilogy (and widely believed to be the most expensive show ever commissioned), award-winning The Marvellous Mrs. Maisel, drama series The Rig, alongside a slew of documentaries and blockbusters, including Somebody I Used To Know, Shotgun Wedding, My Policeman, Good Luck To You Leo Grande, Tenet, and House Of Gucci, to name just a few. Cancel anytime during the 30-day free trial period and you won't be charged. Better still, even if you've taken out a Prime Video trial in the past (when the first season of Clarkson's Farm premiered, for example) you are highly likely to be eligible to test out the streamer again. Amazon regularly offers free trials to its customers, with most accounts able to test out Prime Video, Audible, and Kindle Unlimited once a year. Prime Video is a standalone streaming service to rival the likes of Netflix, Disney Plus, and Paramount Plus. It costs £5.99 per month. However, it's also included as part of an Amazon Prime membership, which also includes next-day delivery on thousands of items sold on Amazon, 100 million songs from Amazon Music Prime, ad-free podcasts, ebooks to read via the Kindle app, unlimited cloud back-up for your photos, free PC games via Prime Gaming, an upgraded Deliveroo account, and much more. Amazon Prime costs £8.99 per month or £95 per year. The first series of Clarkson's Farm – released in June 2021 – earned widespread critical praise and earned presenter Jeremy Clarkson the 2021 Farming Champion of the Year from the National Farmer's Union. A third series of Clarkson's Farm is already in the works, however, Amazon confirmed plans to part ways with Jeremy Clarkson at the end of 2024. We're likely to return to the Diddly Squat Farm for one more, final outing. Due to Prime Video ending its relationship with Clarkson, the release date of Clarkson's Farm 3 will need to be sometime within the next two years (that's about the same turnaround as the launch of Clarkson's Farm 2, so it certainly seems plausible). Clarkson's Farm is exclusive to Prime Video, so you'll only be able to stream the show if you have a subscription to Prime Video (£5.99 per month), Amazon Prime membership (£8.99 per month), or have taken out a 30-day free trial. You'll need the Prime Video app to stream (or download to watch offline) the latest episodes in the talked-about doc-series. Thankfully, Prime Video is available on a dizzying number of different platforms, including Smart TV models from manufacturers like Samsung, Philips, Panasonic, and Sony, Amazon Echo Show and Fire TV devices, iPhone, iPad, Android phones and tablets, Blu-ray players, games consoles, streaming set-top boxes from Roku and Apple TV, Sky Glass, Sky Q, Sky Stream, Google Chromecast, a web browser on any desktop PC or laptop, and many more. The Prime Video app is free to download (or might be preinstalled on your Android TV, Sky Glass, Sky Stream, or Roku device). The quickest way to get up and running is to select "Register on the Amazon website" during the sign-in process. You'll be given a code to enter on a given website, which lets you type in your email address and password on a tablet, laptop, or phone (much better than slowly typing out a secure password with the keypad on your telly remote). Some devices also show the option to "Sign in and Start Watching", which uses your Amazon account information from another app. Clarkson's Farm season 2 has a total of eight episodes. Each episode is roughly 45-minutes, with the shortest clocking in at 40-minutes and the longest at 52-minutes. The first season of Clarkson's Farm had the exact same number of episodes, and we'd expect to see the same from the forthcoming Clarkson's Farm 3, which is currently in production. The full list of Clarkson's Farm season 2 episodes is – Yes – and no. Clarkson's Farm will return for a third season, Amazon confirmed last year. However, since then, the US streamer has decided to part ways with Jeremy Clarkson. The ex-Top Gear struck a deal with the streaming service back in 2015 following his departure from the BBC, launching a rival motoring show – The Grand Tour – on the platform with longtime collaborators Richard Hammond, James May, and Andy Wilman. Amazon will no longer release new shows from Clarkson and co. beyond 2024, the company confirmed. Clarkson's Farm 3 will likely debut next year, with four more specials of The Grand Tour purportedly in production. One of these could be pushed into early 2025, Variety has reported. It's unclear whether other series that Clarkson doesn't front (James May has hosted two successful travelogue series dubbed Our Man In... as well as a cooking series called Oh Cook! while Richard Hammond has teamed up with ex-Mythbusters presenter Tory Belleci for an Amazon Original show called The Great Escapists) will be able to continue into 2025 and beyond.