The SNP accidentally leaked part of Nicola Sturgeon’s bank account details while publishing her tax returns earlier today. The First Minister released the documents, challenging Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to do the same. But Ms Sturgeon's Bank of Scotland bank account number was visible on one of the eight documents published today, despite being redacted on the rest. Less than an hour after the tax returns were made available on the SNP website, the page showed a 404 error. The webpage was then deleted at around 11.30am today. Ms Sturgeon committed to releasing the information at a press conference in Edinburgh last month, telling journalists: "Don’t go getting all excited about what’s in my tax returns, you are going to be disappointed on that." Speaking today, she said she had published the documents as part of an attempt at "transparency", urging Mr Sunak Sunak to do the same.  Scottish Conservative party leaders Douglas Ross and Labour leader Anas Sarwar were also urged to publish their tax returns. Ms Sturgeon said: "I understand Rishi Sunak has said previously that he will publish his tax returns. "I would anticipate and expect that he would do that. In terms of Douglas Ross and Anas Sarwar - yes, I think they should publish the tax returns as well." "The reason I'm doing this today is I made a commitment to do it. Many of you asked me about it last time I stood here and I think it does help with transparency.  "And I think other party leaders in the Scottish Parliament and indeed in Westminster should follow suit." The webpage was back up and running by Monday afternoon after corrections were made. In an interview with Piers Morgan last week, Mr Sunak said he was willing to be "transparent" and publish the documents, which were "being prepared". He said they will be published "shortly". The Prime Minister's financial affairs came under scrutiny last year when it emerged his wife, Akshata Murty, had non-dom status. Mr Sunak has since faced mounting calls to be open about his finances, an issue which only escalated when former party chairman Nadhim Zahawi was forced to resign over his finances. Last April, Ms Murty's spokeswoman said she "has always and will continue to pay UK taxes on all her UK income". UPDATES TO FOLLOW... 