The Prime Minister is poised to unveil his new Brexit customs deal with the EU next week which, according to sources, he is hoping to call the "Windsor Agreement". Tory MPs have been told they must all be in Parliament on Monday following crunch Cabinet talks over the weekend. Mr Sunak is expected to hold further talks with both the DUP and with Ursula von der Leyen, the president of the European Commission, ahead of any announcement. The Prime Minister is hoping to call the new Brexit agreement on Northern Ireland "the Windsor Deal", according to a source.Senior Conservative sources have told Express.co.uk that the Prime Minister could meet with the EU's Ursula von der Leyen at Windsor Castle with the hope that the details are acceptable to the DUP. However, Sky News has now reported that a planned meeting on Saturday between von der Leyen and King Charles III to ratify the deal is now off. Tonight sources stressed that plans "appear to be fluid". Downing Street has not commented on the claim. Windsor has an important historical significance in British history and Ireland. It was the location of the 1175 Treaty of Windsor signed by Henry II which was the first recognition of the King of England's land holdings in Ireland as well as those of Anglo-Norman nobles. Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said that Britain’s negotiations around the Northern Ireland protocol were focused on addressing the concerns of the DUP. “When, hopefully, we get those issues resolved then I would hope that the DUP would recognise that we’ve addressed their concerns and until we have addressed those concerns we’re not going to sign off on the deal,” he told Times Radio. Mr Sunak had intended to announce the deal this week but faced a backlash from the DUP and Eurosceptic Tory MPs, forcing a delay. David Jones, deputy chairman of the ERG, welcomed the pledge by the Foreign Secretary that the deal would only go through if the DUP agree to it. He warned: "If he does anything that the DUP don't approve then it will be a flop." The ERG agreed to back the DUP after their leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson addressed Tory MPs on Monday night this week. An ERG source told Express.co.uk: "The DUP have been allies for a long time. We will stick by them." Tory MPs have been told there is a three-line whip on Monday, meaning that they must attend the Commons. An ally of Mr Sunak told the Times “he just wants to get this done” and believes that the Northern Ireland protocol, which creates a trade barrier in the Irish Sea, is simply not working. Boris Johnson has warned that dropping the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill - which would enable the government to unilaterally override the Brexit arrangement - would be a mistake.  “I think the best way forward is the Northern Ireland bill,” he told Sky News. “It’s a very good bill. It fixes all the problems. It solves the problems that we have in the Irish Sea, it solves the problems of paperwork, VAT and so on.” He added: “I’d go with that one.” Mr Sunak’s plan is expected to see almost all checks on goods crossing between Britain and Northern Ireland scrapped. Westminster would also be free to set Northern Ireland’s VAT and state aid policy. The deal would also give the Northern Irish assembly and the UK government the right to be consulted on new EU laws affecting the province for the first time and the potential for them to be disapplied. But if it does not meet the DUP’s central demand that Stormont be given a veto on new single market legislation applying in Northern Ireland. Mr Sunak hasn’t said if he will give MPs an explicit vote on his new deal, merely stating he will give them the chance to “express their views”. It comes as Lord Frost accused Labour of peddling “fiction” with its claim that plans to rip up EU laws will lead to a bonfire of rights. The former Brexit negotiator accused Sir Keir Starmer’s party of trying to “frighten” people over the review of all rules inherited from Brussels.  Mr Sunak has ordered an audit of the 3,745 laws copied over when Britain left the bloc, to be concluded by the end of this year. By then, officials will have made a decision to either keep in full, amend or scrap each piece of legislation, depending on what is most beneficial. Labour has claimed the review threatens rights underpinned by EU rules, including the minimum maternity leave period of 14 weeks, the working time directive and limits on air pollution. The Government has pointed out that the UK has “superior” standards in most areas, which were not dependent on EU membership. During a debate in the Lords, Lord Frost said EU laws “will be dropped or they will be retained or they will be restated” under the review. He added: “There is an attempt being made to suggest that the only option is the first one, that all these laws that are an important part of our regulatory framework are somehow going to disappear and people should be very frightened about that prospect. “That is obviously not going to happen. This is a fiction and it is not in any way the Government’s intention.” Mr Sunak had been set to unveil his deal last week but amid fears of a compromise with Brussels which the DUP would not accept was faced with a rebellion of more than 100 MPs and ministerial resignations including Home Secretary Suella Braverman.