Meghan Markle's lawyer exploited a legal argument Prince Harry had previously criticised to help clear the Duchess of Sussex from the accusation moved by her half-sister. Samantha Markle launched a lawsuit against the royal claiming to have been damaged by some of the claims Meghan made during her 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey. The Duchess's legal team cited her freedom of speech as guaranteed under the First Amendment as a defence despite Prince Harry previously branding the clause as "bonkers." Appearing on the Armchair Expert podcast in 2021, the Duke of Sussex shared a scathing assessment of the amendment – warning that "you can find a loophole in anything." Prince Harry said: "I’ve got so much I want to say about the First Amendment as I sort of understand it, but it is bonkers. "I don’t want to start going down the First Amendment route because that’s a huge subject and one which I don’t understand because I’ve only been here a short time. "But, you can find a loophole in anything. You can capitalise or exploit what’s not said rather than uphold what is said." JUST IN: The six reasons why Prince Harry and Meghan Markle could decline Coronation invite He added: "I believe we live in an age now where you've got certain elements of the media redefining to us what privacy means. There's a massive conflict of interest." But Meghan's lawyers have now used the First Amendment justification to hit back at Samantha's criticism of the allegations the Duchess made about her. They insisted her rights to "criticise" or "voice opinions" are "fundamental rights granted by the First Amendment." Royal author Christopher Andersen hit out at the Duchess of Sussex for her use of the First Amendment in court, slamming the decision as "grossly hypocritical. Andersen told Fox News Digital: "I think it's beyond ironic that Harry, who once called America's cherished First Amendment ‘bonkers,’ is now watching his wife's lawyer invoke her First Amendment rights in court. READ MORE: The eight controversial details of King Charles's Coronation  "Grossly hypocritical? You bet. And It's my First Amendment right to say so." Samantha Markle is seeking $75,000 in damages for Meghan claiming to have been raised as an "only" child and claiming Samantha changed her surname back to Markle only after learning of the Duchess's relationship with Prince Harry. Meghan's lawyers however rejected Samantha's claims that her half-sister was suggesting she had changed her name to "cash in on her newfound fame" but had simply noted she had her last name updated shortly after the Duchess had started dating the Duke. Samantha however had previously said she had changed her last name in 1997, showing her college diploma had her down as Samantha M. Markle in 2006. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's 'vulnerability' brought to light by South Park [EXPERT]Harry warned royal staffers could seek revenge by speaking to media [DETAILS]Meghan Markle on brink of 'humiliation' over Samantha Markle lawsuit [COMMENT] Speaking to Inside Edition last year, she said: "I was a Markle before she was. I thought that was kind of weird that she would say I only changed my name back when she met Harry. Markle has always been my name." She also lamented Meghan's allegations that she had been raised as an only child and that they had not seen each other for nearly 20 years when she spoke to Oprah. Meghan Markle's half-sister produced a series of photographs showing her with the Duchess at different stages of her life. And a picture from 2008 showed the pair together as Samantha graduated again in 2008, only 13 years before the interview with the talk show host. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews