A witness has described the horrifying moment a father realised his three-year-old son had died after being forgotten in the backseat of his boiling car for six hours. Newaz Hasan had dropped his eight-year-old son at Glenfield Public School on Thursday morning, after which he drove to get petrol and then returned home, where he parked the car and went inside, leaving his three-year-old son in the back of the car. He had intended to take the child to his daycare but had forgotten, leaving him in the backseat while he worked at home, only discovering the toddler when he drove back to Glenfield to pick up his oldest child. Eyewitness Mujammel Hossain was on his way to the local school to collect his daughter when he stumbled across the distraught dad. “He was screaming and his (oldest) son was crying,” said Mr Hossain. “I told him to call an ambulance but he couldn’t talk on the phone so I spoke to Triple Zero. “He took the boy out of the car and took him inside the bottle shop. The father did CPR so many times but there was no response.” Mr Hossain said he could tell immediately by Arikh's condition that he had already died. He was extremely hot with “no pulse”.    After the paramedics arrived to attend to the toddler, Mr Hossain described the moment the devastated dad told him: “He’s not going to be okay”. Mr Hossain said Mr Hasan later told him he was doing the drop off when he noticed that Arikh was asleep in the back of the car. Mr Hasan told Mr Hossain repeatedly that he “just forgot, I just forgot” as he became overwhelmed with the shock of his son’s death. Mr Hossain later said that the hysterical father punched the rear glass window of his car following the revelation that his son had passed. READ MORE: King urged to hold royal tour in Australia to offset Republicanism [REVEAL]   Pictures of the distraught father after his son had been confirmed dead showed blood running down his hand, which the eyewitness suggested was a result of him punching the window. It is believed that the car’s internal temperature would have reached deadly levels within 20 minutes given the hot climate. Child safety advocates Kidsafe claim more than 5000 children are rescued from hot cars in Australia every year — the majority being babies and toddlers. “Leaving children unattended in a car – even for a short period of time – can be fatal,” reads information on Kidsafe’s website. DON'T MISS: Family outraged after nail salon turns disabled daughter away [REVEAL] Radioactive capsule that fell off truck found after frantic hunt  [REPORT] Boy, 8, attacked by shark on fishing trip vows to return to water  [REPORT]    “Children are particularly at risk because they can lose fluid quickly, become dehydrated and suffer from heatstroke.” Detectives are investigating the matter. Mr Hasan was taken to Campbelltown Police Station and questioned by police but has since been released without charge. “Officers from Campbelltown City Police Area Command were told the child had been in the vehicle throughout the day,” a NSW Police spokesperson said. READ NEXT: Angry woman calls for 'adults-only' suburbs in AustraliaRadioactive capsule which fell off back of truck could cause burnsRadioactive capsule goes missing in Western Australia Dad, 47, suddenly drops dead on morning jog as doctors issue plea Australia set to ditch Royal Family after ‘maelstrom of Harry claims' 