Blind boxer Thomas Seres will compete against a fully sighted opponent in an extraordinary charity fight next month. The 23-year-old can only see up to 3ft in front of him due to severe congenital glaucoma and admits he will ‘struggle to see some of the punches coming in’. But that won’t deter Thomas from chasing his dream. “I’ve always wanted to box but didn’t think I could until I joined a boxing gym," he told the Sun. “I’ll give it my best in the fight — win, lose or draw. Boxing’s quite an up-close sport so that’s in my favour, but I’ll struggle seeing some of the punches coming in.” “I hope he doesn’t go easy on me for being blind,” he added. “He’ll pay if he does. I have a knockout punch.” Thomas is putting himself through a rigorous training regimen leading up to the bout including three boxing sessions a week and weights on the other days to ensure he is as fit as a fiddle come fight night. The Barnsley boxer is fighting to raise money for Cancer Research UK in a white-collar contest, fought in 16oz gloves and headgear. Thomas has had more than 60 operations after being born with congenital glaucoma - a rare eye disease that affects one in 10,000 infants. Glaucoma causes high fluid pressure in the eye that causes damage to the optic nerve and is a major cause of childhood blindness. MORE BOXING NEWS... Chalmers teases big two-fight showcase with Paul after Mayweather bout Ngannou studying Fury fights as ex-UFC star hints he's started camp Paul crew told to cut video before YouTuber rinses Fury for going AWOL His mother, Kelly Seres, told the Barnsley Chronicle: “From when he was born we thought that something was wrong. “He had his first operation at two weeks old and since then he’s had more than 60 and he has little vision. He’s been going to The Combat Academy in Barugh Green for a few months and he’s always wanted to take part in an event. “We lost his grandad to stomach cancer around three or four years ago and he was very close to him. We had to wait for approval but we found out this week that he’d be able to fight - I’m so proud of him. “He’s just hoping to raise as much money as possible.”