From DIY improvements to getting a professional to do the work, experts are warning about the seven renovations homeowners should avoid to ensure no money is wasted in the process. Property development experts, Essential Living, recommend avoiding improvements such as expensive wallpaper, installing a wine cellar and installing a new kitchen. The experts explained: “For most people, the kitchen is the heart of the home, but fitting a brand spanking new kitchen isn’t necessarily a sensible financial decision. “First, know that the next tenant or homeowner may not actually like the new design you choose - especially if it involves bold colours or a trending style. “Instead, they may take one look and plan to redo it all over again as soon as they move in. Rather than installing a new kitchen, it’s a lot safer (and cheaper) to refresh the space with a lick of paint. “Also, when it comes to fitting high-end appliances in the kitchen, they can cost double the amount of average appliances with a similar purpose.” READ MORE: I dried laundry with just a dehumidifier - here’s how long it took Covering up or replacing any of the original character in your property in an attempt to make it more modern can often “decrease its value”. Instead, it is best to invest the money to maintain or restore the original characteristics of the home. The experts said this is more likely to attract interest from prospective homebuyers. The pros said: “Personalisation is likely to deter would-be renters or home-buyers. It’s easy to be persuaded by the idea of a built-in sound system or home cinema, but the reality is, most people will prioritise the more functional aspects of the property first. “With home cinemas, the average cost of installing one is priced at £27,500 and adds only £2,000 onto the overall value of the property, which is a significant loss.” DON'T MISS:Ideal time to prune Japanese maples - avoid ‘weakening’ acer [EXPERT]‘Foolproof’ cleaning method to keep Venetian blinds ‘spotless’ [COMMENT]Method to water orchids ‘correctly’ to avoid ‘root rot’ [EXPLAINER] Removing a spare bedroom in an attempt to create a large wardrobe is “never” a smart decision, according to the property development experts. This is because people are more likely to appreciate a spare room or another space to utilise for an office instead of having a huge walk-in wardrobe. The experts added: “Yes, a walk-in wardrobe is an incredible feature to have if there’s space for it, but not at the expense of an additional bedroom.” The property pros continued: “Wallpaper can vary significantly in price depending on style and design. READ MORE: Five interior design trends seeing a huge ‘decline’ in 2023 “Hanging up some new wallpaper can be very tempting as a quick fix to spruce up a room, but similar to fitting a new kitchen, the success of this all comes down to taste. “People are now experts at viewing a property and making note of all the redecorating ideas they have, so splashing out on new wallpaper may be a wasted effort.” A common “mistake” when it comes to renovating the bathroom is removing the bath, which is an essential for the majority of homebuyers, including families. While it is more expensive to run a bath versus a shower and shower-only bathrooms are great for those with smaller spaces, not having the option for a bath can often put people off a home altogether. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Instead, opt for a shower over a bath option which can save lots of space if you’re tight on it. The pros said only true wine connoisseurs with an extensive collection of high quality wines will see any rewards of having a wine cellar in their home. They explained: “The cost of fitting one can easily hit the £70,000 mark, and while it may seem like a unique selling point, relying on a buyer who can match this love of wine is a big risk to take. “As a general rule to follow when it comes to home improvements and repairs, investing in the basic foundations of the home, like heating systems, the roof, electric and water services, are most likely to boost its value, whereas cosmetic tweaks are less likely to have the same effect.”