Unforgotten has been missing from ITV's schedule for two years, despite being renewed for another outing shortly after the finale. The crime drama is going to look very different as actress Sinéad Keenan will be starring alongside Sanjeev Bhaskar, as Jessie James and Sunil 'Sunny' Khan respectively, instead of Nicola Walker. While the cast may be getting a revamp, some elements, such as the music, are staying the same. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Unforgotten. The Unforgotten theme tune for the first four seasons of the drama has been All We Do by songwriting duo Oh Wonder. This haunting melody, performed by Ant West and Josephine Vander Gucth, will once again kick off series five as the title music. The accompanying music video for the song has had more than 16 million views on YouTube and streamed 56 million times on Spotify over the years. According to BT.com, their debut song Body Gold, received 100,000 listens in just three days after it went up on Soundcloud. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal The duo formed in September 2014 and their debut album, also called Oh Wonder, came out a year later. Unforgotten's theme tune All We Do features as one of the 15 tracks on this album. The band has since released a couple more successful albums, Ultralife in 2017, No One Else Can Wear Your Crown in February 2020. ITV's popular drama isn't the only time Oh Wonder's music has been included on screen. In 2017, their song Lose It, appeared in season three, episode two of BBC One military series Our Girl, starring Michelle Keegan. Their music has also been frequently used in the American TV series adaptation of the movie Scream. In addition, tracks of theirs were used in the movie Collide in 2016, starring Nicholas Hoult, Felicity Jones and Anthony Hopkins. While the music is going to be familiar to Unforgotten fans, season five will have a new look. DON'T MISS...Black Spartans star recalls advice from Yellowstone’s Neal McDonough [CAST]Endeavour's Shaun Evans addresses 'very difficult' ending [EXPLAINER]Vera on ITV is now into its 12th season and shows no signs of stopping [UPDATE] Viewers were stunned was he final episode of season four as Cassie Stewart (played by Nicola Walker) was unexpectedly killed off. She was involved in a car crash and despite making it to the hospital, she soon died as a result of her injuries, which no one was expecting. Despite the sudden exit, ITV quickly renewed the drama to prove to fans that this wasn't the end of the story just yet. And so they will be introduced to Sunny's (Sanjeev Bhaskar) new partner Jessie James (Sinéad Keenan). Keenan is an Irish actress who is best known to Irish viewers for playing Farrah Phelan in Fair City and to UK fans as werewolf Nina Pickering in BBC Three's Being Human. She has also been in Showtrial, Little Boy Blue, The Snatcher, Deep Water and My Left Nut. Most recently, Keenan featured in an episode of the Channel 4 sitcom Derry Girls. Unforgotten season five premieres on Monday, February 27,at 9pm on ITV.