A "racist attack" on a schoolgirl has sparked calls from the alleged victim's relative for the teachers to be sacked. The teachers have been accused of allowing the incident to unfold. Police are still investigating the case after footage surfaced showing a schoolgirl appearing to be assaulted on a road outside Thomas Knyvett College in Ashford, Surrey. A relative spoke to the Mirror after two people were hurt during the incident on Monday afternoon. The video footage also shows a woman appearing to encourage the alleged attackers. Five people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted racially aggravated grievous bodily harm. One was a 43-year-old man, another a 39-year-old woman. Three girls aged 10, 11 and 16 were also arrested. Police also want to speak to a sixth suspect, a 15-year-old girl, who is believed to be involved in the incident. A relative of the alleged victim has called for teachers to be sacked after accusing them of not doing anything to stop the incident from taking place. Speaking to the Mirror, the relative said: "She’s 15. She's in her last year of school here and she was actually helping her friend. "No one from the school brought her back to us. We had to go to her and get her home. They let her go to a friend's house and then from her friend's house she used her friend's phone to call us. "She said 'nobody helped me, they were laughing at me. One of the teachers laughed at me with my braids on the floor'. "She had nine braids pulled from her head from the roots and when we look, you can see the dots where they came off the scalp. "I was thinking 'who's coming who's going to stop it?' "Seeing her head pulled in all directions, all of the cars stopping, I was thinking 'who’s jumping out of that car?'." Speaking about the girl's recovery, she added: "She was very lost. Very sad. I think she's her morale has been boosted because of people, she knows she's not alone. "It's one of those things you when you see on social media just thinking it hurts you so bad. Even then, even if it's not on your doorstep, we still feel that same thing. It's distressing." Now she is demanding action, saying: "I want them to get rid of those teachers (in the video) I want them to present us with their anti-racism policy. "What do you guys do when all these kids when you get keep getting these reports? What do you do? What are you going to do about it? "That's the thing, it's not a serious issue in this neighbourhood. There's not enough black people. "When I asked him (headteacher Richard Beeson) in a meeting, I said 'do you know what hurt me the most in that video? I was asking who's going to stop it?' "Eventually I told him, 'when you walked into the shot, you strolled in and you even allowed one more punch'." The school's headteacher, Richard Beeson, shared a statement on Twitter. It read: "We can assure you that we are taking all necessary steps to ensure this isolated incident is dealt with and that student safety is our paramount concern." Inspector Maxine Cilia, Borough Commander for Spelthorne, said, “The video footage of this incident is shocking, and we appreciate the concern it will have caused the wider community. "Every school child should feel safe as they move through the local community, and we will not tolerate this level of violence. We are providing specialist support to the victim who has now returned home after being treated for the injuries she sustained in this distressing assault. “Officers are working hard to gather as much evidence as possible to build a strong case. “Parents, pupils, and the wider public will notice extra police patrols in the area around Thomas Knyvett College today. "The officers are there to engage with and reassure the community, and we encourage you to approach them if you have any concerns or questions and they will help you in any way they can.” Thomas Knyvett College could not be reached for comment.