The political significance is, of course, huge. But what I had not expected to feel was a sense of personal loss. Here was a leader that I have seldom agreed with and, in a political sense, had been toe-to-toe with for more than a decade over the issue which is most important to her party: independence.  But in the moment of her resignation all of that paled into insignificance in comparison to the leadership she provided during the pandemic and the feeling that perhaps we are seeing the end of an era in Scottish politics.  My personal experience of Nicola Sturgeon stretches back several decades to when I was a young reporter and she was a fresh faced up and coming SNP hopeful. There was no Scottish Parliament. Devolution was still an aspiration, and I doubt I made much of an impression on the future first minister. Our most significant contact was, I believe, our one-to-one interviews during the swine flu epidemic in 2009 in which she led the Scottish Government response as Health Minister. It is that experience which I feel served both Ms Sturgeon, and the Scottish people, well when it came to the pandemic. Unlike many other leaders she went into it with some idea of what would be demanded of her in terms of public reassurance and clarity of both purpose and message. The calm assurance with which she handled those daily press conferences went a long way to maintaining essential public confidence. She saw us through our toughest time, I have no doubt at huge personal emotional expense, and for that alone we owe her our gratitude. It was also the most visible, and tangible evidence of what even her most vigorous opponents will today surely acknowledge.  Nicola Sturgeon is an individual of enormous talent who has been the most constant and capable leader in the United Kingdom for the best part of a decade. Some will claim she has been the politician of her generation in Scotland. I might not go quite that far but certainly her approach, manner and the respect in which she is held by opponents is a world away from her immediate predecessor in Bute House. There will be speculation now, of course, over what it was which converted the First Minister from oscillation, as she described it, over her future to a commitment that it was best for her to go. There are no shortages of issues currently dividing both the SNP and the country itself: Gender Recognition Reform, the perilous state of our NHS and the strikes affecting so many of our public services. And no doubt when we return to the normal cut and thrust of politics I will be among those voices critical of where SNP and Green leadership is taking Scotland. But at the moment we should pause and acknowledge the service to Scotland of its first female, and so far longest serving, First Minister. 