 Comedian and actor Eric Andre, 39, shared some spicy snaps on his Instagram featuring model Emily Ratajkowksi, 31, in a candid reflection. The couple’s clothes littered the floor as they both posed naked, with some heart emojis barely saving their modesty.   Eric posted two photos on Tuesday evening which saw him sprawled across a couch with a glass of wine. Eagle-eyed fans, however, were quick to spot Emily taking the photo through a reflection in the mirror placed just behind the couch. The model donned just a red lacy bra and carefully posed to avoid showing anything too risque. Eric’s clothes were scattered across the floor while the comedian lay naked with only a gold chain managing to stay on for the pictures. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith after star's BRITs appearance distracted viewers  The comedian also provided a tasteful heart emoji, strategically placed to keep his modesty. Keeping his caption short and sweet, Eric simply wrote: “Happy Valentine’s Day” with a string of emojis. He also shared one of the snaps on his Instagram story, writing over it: “Happy Black History Month.” The sensational post garnered the attention of countless celebrities and fans who flocked to the comments section, including the likes of Diplo and Mia Khalifa.   Fans jokingly pleaded for the comedian to “get that emoji out of the way” and “give the people what they want”. Another even declared: “You can’t spell “American Dream” without E-R-I-C A-N-D-R-E.” Just last week, Eric and Emily were spotted together in New York as they attended a Knicks game at Madison Square Garden. Emily also appeared to confirm their relationship, sharing a short clip from the game on her own Instagram story.  The model wrote “Happy Valentine’s Day” over a clip of Eric and Diplo posing on the basketball court. The DJ jokingly leaned towards Eric trying to lick him on the cheek, encouraged by Emily as she shouted from behind the camera: “Do it! Do it!” Fans have long suspected that the model and comedian had sparked a relationship as they were first spotted together in early January. The couple were seen having a dinner date in Manhattan, and a few weeks later were sighted enjoying a vacation on the Cayman Islands.  While Eric has seemingly been single since 2017, Emily divorced Sebastian Bear-McClard just last year. She had married the movie producer in 2018 and the pair welcomed their son Sylvester in March 2021. Earlier on Valentine’s day the model was spotted celebrating some family love as she took a stroll with her son. Since her divorce, Emily famously had a short fling with Pete Davidson which also made headlines as the comedian had only just split with business mogul Kim Kardashian.