Leeds United's sporting director Victor Orta is reportedly in Madrid as he prepares to hold talks with Rayo Vallecano chiefs over the future of managerial target Andoni Iraola. The 40-year-old tactician, who spent 12 seasons with Athletic Bilbao as a player before beginning his coaching career in 2018, has got The Vallecans flying this season as they currently sit fifth in the La Liga table. But unfortunately for the Madrid-based outfit, it appears Leeds are hot in pursuit of their highly-rated boss as they step up efforts to replace Jesse Marsch. The American tactician was finally relieved of his duties on Monday having won just two of his last 17 Premier League matches and now Leeds want a replacement through the door as soon as possible. According to Football Espana, Orta is currently in Madrid and he is expected to hold talks with Vallecano over the services of Iraola. It appears he has now become Leeds' priority target after Carlos Corberan committed his future to West Brom by signing a new contract in surprise fashion. READ MORE: Leeds owner hints Jesse Marsch replacement announcement imminent after Corberan rejection Leeds owner Andrea Radrizzani hinted on Tuesday evening that the Whites were close to settling on their next manager, a message that was posted prior to Corberan's new deal at The Hawthorns. When asked by a fan whether an appointment was close, the Italian wrote at 5:30pm on Tuesday: "We are on it... hopefully white smoke by tonight or tmw morning." There are still other candidates in contention for the position with Feyenoord boss Arne Slot also of strong interest. The Dutchman has fired his side to the top of the Eredivisie this season and his achievements have not gone unnoticed at Elland Road. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesSheffield Utd star Billy Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviourLeeds owner hints Jesse Marsch replacement announcement imminent after Corberan rejection Celtic boss Ange Postecoglou also has admirers in Yorkshire but there are doubts as to whether he would get up and leave the Hoops mid-season. Brendan Rodgers tarnished his reputation in Glasgow back in 2019 when he left for Leicester in February - a decision that seemingly burned his bridges at Celtic Park. Ralph Hasenhuttl is another name that has been linked with the vacancy due to his availability and Premier League experience. The Austrian remains jobless following his departure from Southampton in November having just rejected Hoffenheim. Marcelo Bielsa has also been tipped for a sensational return to Elland Road, although he seems to be way down the club's list of potential options. The Argentine recently rejected the chance to take charge of Everton - instead offering his services to the club's U23 side until the end of the season with a view to taking over the first team in the summer. For now, Michael Skubala will lead Leeds as caretaker boss as they prepare to face Manchester United in back-to-back Premier League matches. The Whites travel to Old Trafford this evening before welcoming United to Elland Road on Sunday in the return fixture.