Prince William "wants to move on" from his feud with Prince Harry as the Duke showed he "cannot be trusted" with the release of his autobiography, Spare. A royal insider claimed the Prince of Wales has "made no effort" to contact his brother to discuss the bombshell allegations included in the memoir, including claims he roughed up the Duke during a heated conversation. The brothers' relationship has been somewhat frosty since before Harry and Meghan Markle announced they would step down from their royal roles in 2020. William has so far refused to comment on any of the accusations Prince Harry has levelled against him or the rest of the Royal Family, but the insider insisted he is growing warier of his brother. They insisted the publication of Harry's memoir was seen as "a massive breach of trust” because of the "leaking" of certain stories. Speaking to US Weekly, the insider added: "William feels that Harry is all smoke and mirrors and is not to be trusted. He’s trying to move on with his life." Reports earlier this week suggested the Prince of Wales had expressed some resistance to attempts from the King to broker peace with the Duke of Sussex to secure his presence at the coronation. JUST IN: Meghan Markle warned against 'marrying into Royal Family' in newly resurfaced clip  His Majesty is believed to have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to intercede with Harry and Meghan for a truce but Willaim allegedly voiced concerns about the couple exploiting the ceremony for one of their "stunts." During the promotional tour for Spare, Prince Harry claimed to have had a heated confrontation with his older brother after he allegedly branded Meghan Markle "rude and difficult." Speaking to ITV's Tom Bradby, the Duke of Sussex said: "What was different here was this level of frustration, and I talk about the ‘red mist’ that I had for so many years — and I saw this ‘red mist’ in him. "He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to.” READ MORE: Harry wanted to hold press conference to insist ‘I didn’t cheat’ after ‘accusation stuck’ Former royal photographer Charles Rae, who followed the Royal Family for over 30 years, argued Princess Diana would be "appalled" by the behaviour of her sons. Speaking to Express.co.uk on behalf of SpinGenie, Rae said: "Princess Diana would be appalled at the way things have turned out. "However, I doubt very much that she would have allowed it to get to this level of bitterness if she was alive, particularly between her sons. "She always tried to ensure that both boys were treated fairly." DON'T MISS Being a royal was 'too cr***y' for Harry and Meghan - US journalist [OPINION]Forgotten historic European monarchy and where its members are today [REVEALED]Meghan and Harry 'aren't invited anywhere' [LATEST] He added: "She would never allow other members of the family to show favouritism to William, as the heir to the detriment of the spare. "Harry from a very young age always knew he would never be king, but Diana had hoped that Harry would be in a unique position to support his brother when he is king. "But unfortunately, Harry, who should have been William’s wingman, has turned into his hitman.” The Duke of Sussex claimed in the memoir the Royal Family routinely address him and Prince William as "the heir and the spare." He also bizarrely suggested to have been generated to provide his older brother with spare parts in the event of illness or life-threatening injuries.