TikTok has released a statement saying it "does not tolerate bullying or harassment" and promised to remove any content that "violates" its polices after social media sleuths were slammed by Lancashire Police and Nicola Bulley's family following her death. At a press conference today, the force confirmed the body of the mother-of-two was recovered from the River Wyre after reports of a sighting on Sunday led to a huge search of an area close to Rawcliffe Road around 11.50am. She had been missing since January 27. During the investigation into the 45-year-old's disappearance, officers from Lancashire Police accused "TikTokers" of "playing private detectives" near the scene of Ms Bulley's disappearance, with senior investigating officer (SIO) Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith saying they had been "inundated with false information, accusations and rumours" relating to the case.  Ms Bulley's disappearance sparked a major investigation, with an unprecedented operation involving dive teams, helicopters, sniffer dogs and private firms involved to trace her after she went missing walking her dog Willow by the banks of the River Wyre. But the investigation was targeted by TikTokers who headed to the small village to carry out their own searches, despite being urged to stay away by Lancashire Police. Over the weekend, TikTok sleuths caused fury by filming themselves digging up woodland near to where Nicola went missing.  Two people posted a TikTok video of themselves searching woodland close to the River Wyre, just days after senior police officers urged people to stay away. On Saturday, The Mirror reports local councillor Michael Vincent who said: "It's almost as though social media idiocy and reality have become blurred. "We've had these weirdos, these ghouls, trying people's door handles, peering through their windows. There has to be an element of decency. We can't allow social media to be a place where there is no morality." The video was posted online and showed a man digging soil as another filmed himself. Following widespread criticism about TikTokers, a spokesperson for the company said tonight: "Our thoughts are with Ms Bulley's family and friends at this difficult time. "We do not tolerate bullying or harassment on TikTok and remove content that violates our policies." In response to the social media furore surrounding Ms Bulley's disappearance SIO Det Supt Rebecca Smith said: "Some of it's been quite shocking and really hurtful to the family. "Obviously, we can't disregard anything and we've reviewed everything that's come in, but of course it has distracted us significantly." READ MORE: Huge earthquake of 6.4 magnitude hits Turkey weeks after devastating quake Tonight, Ms Bulley's family paid tribute to the 45-year-old in a statement read by the force's head of crime Detective Chief Superintendent Pauline Stables, where they said: "We love you, always have and always will." The statement said: "Our family liaison officers have had to confirm our worst fears today. We will never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments and that will never leave us. "We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that. Our girls will get the support they need from the people who love them the most." The family also questioned the role of "media channels" and the "press" during the investigation and accused the media of "misquoting and vilifying" Ms Bulley's partner, relatives and friends. The statement said: "It saddens us to think that one day we will have to explain to them (Ms Bulley's children) that the press and members of the public accused their dad of wrongdoing, misquoted and vilified friends and family. "This is absolutely appalling, they have to be held accountable. This cannot happen to another family. Do the press and other media channels and so-called professionals not know when to stop? These are our lives and our children's lives." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan branded 'woke dictators' after new legal action claim