Streak-free windows look great and feel clean, but it can be tricky to achieve the perfect finish. Kärcher shared its best tips for cleaning windows with Express.co.uk, including the household products you can use to get your windows sparkling again. As for how often windows should be cleaned, the experts said: “Large windows and lots of them, flood a home with light and can make it more inviting. "However, particularly when the pollen count is high, following bad weather with lots of rain, and if there are extended dry periods with lots of dust, it takes just a few days before the windows look like they have not been cleaned in months. “On the inside, windows also have a lot to contend with; children and pets in particular often leave behind prints and blotches on the window pane. Depending on how dirty they are, windows should therefore be cleaned, both inside and outside, approximately every two months.” Choosing the right time to clean windows is important, and Kärcher says you “should never clean windows when the sun is shining directly on them or on hot days because the glass will dry too quickly and streaks will appear”. READ MORE: 99p item ‘dissolves’ limescale and ‘black gunge’ from shower heads “A grey, but dry day is therefore the most suitable time to clean your windows,” they added. Many household products can be used when cleaning windows; vinegar, citric acid, washing up liquid, black tea with lemon, or alcohol. Vinegar: Add one cup of vinegar to one litre of water. Then use this to clean the windows as usual. Note: You must cover stone window sills – for example, marble – before this because, otherwise, the vinegar essence may damage the surface. Citric acid: Add two to three tablespoons of citric acid powder to one litre of water and then use this to clean everything with a microfibre cloth. DON'T MISS...Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range [BEAUTY]Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school [ROYAL INSIDER]Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE] Washing-up liquid: You can also achieve great results using a mixture of lukewarm water and a squirt of a washing-up liquid that does not contain balsam. The volume of washing-up liquid depends on how dirty the glass is. Black tea with lemon: Mix one large cup of strong black tea with approximately three litres of water in the bucket and add the juice of half a lemon. Then use a microfibre cloth to clean the window panes. The tannins from the tea loosen fat and even nicotine, while the citric acid is effective against limescale. Alcohol: Add a splash of methylated spirit to the lukewarm cleaning water. Add one splash shot of methylated spirit to a five-litre bucket of warm water. Caution: Wear gloves when cleaning so that your hands do not dry out. READ MORE: Paint expert says to ‘avoid white or pale grey’ paint for walls If you’re looking for a much easier way to clean windows, Kärcher recommends its Window Vacuum as it “cleans a window three times faster than traditional methods”. Using the Window Vac is easy: 1. Mix in the detergent and spray the surface using your Kärcher spray bottle. 2. Then wipe with the microfibre cloth to agitate the dirt, grease and finger marks from the surface. 3. Finish by vacuuming away the dirty water with your Kärcher Window Vac, leaving the surface streak-free and dry in seconds - the dirty water flows directly into the tank and does not end up on the floor. Express.co.uk recently reviewed the Window Vac - here's what we thought. The Kärcher Window Vac not only cleans windows but “mirrors, shower screens, tiles, glass doors, worktops, spills and any smooth surfaces”, so is a handy tool for around the house. In terms of what the differences are between each of the Window Vac models, the experts said: “In general, the higher up the WV series you go the more items and battery life you get. “At the lower end, you get just the WV, the higher you go up the range you’ll get the addition of a spray bottle, detergent etc. “When you get to WV5 you have a removable battery and when getting to WV6 you have the silicone lines which gives that extra clean.”