 Investors have been enjoying themselves for the last four months, as global stock markets have rocketed since mid-October. The UK's own FTSE 100 has been leading the charge, jumping almost 20 percent to hit an all-time high of more than 8,000 points. This is great news for Isa investors and pension savers, as it has driven up the value of their investment funds. Especially since US, European and emerging markets have rocketed too. Last year was tough for many, as share prices crashed due to war in Ukraine, soaring energy prices, Covid lockdowns in China and most important of all, the return of inflation. This forced central bankers such as the US Federal Reserve and Bank of England to repeatedly hike interest rates. Higher borrowing costs are painful for businesses and consumers, and risk tipping the world into a painful recession. Yet investors started 2023 in a bullish mood, assuming that falling inflation will allow central bankers to "pivot" and slash interest rates instead. This assumption is wrong, according to Michael Wilson, chief US equity strategist at Morgan Stanley. He is warning that markets have now entered a “death zone” and shares are about to crash.   Wilson says the recent share price surge has driven values to “unsustainable highs”, because inflation is not going to fall as investors hoped. That means that instead of cutting interest rates later this year, the Fed will have to keep hiking them. Wilson says the “death zone” is a mountaineering term used to describe an altitude so high that climbers do not have enough oxygen to breathe. It causes many fatalities as climbers make wrong decisions due to “stress or physical weakening”. ”This is a perfect analogy for where equity investors find themselves today,” he said. Wilson predicts the US S&P 500 index of top stocks could drop a staggering 26 percent from current levels, taking it from around 4,000 points today to below 3,000. A similar-sized drop on the FTSE 100 would slash it from today’s 8,000 to below 6,000 points, savaging million's of people's stocks and shares Isas and pensions. If correct, this would be another blow for pensioners who need to draw money from their retirement pots to meet the cost-of-living crisis. Nobody wants to make pension withdrawals after stock markets have crashed. It's less of a problem for younger savers, who can leave their Isa and pension funds invested and wait for the recovery. Brave investors could even take advantage of the crash to buy cheaper shares in the run up to this year's annual Isa deadline on April 5. That will prove too scary for most, though. Few are brave enough to invest during a stock market crash, even though it's often the best time as shares are so much cheaper. READ MORE: ISA savers must act fast to to escape Hunt tax swoop as deadline looms  If Wilson was a lone voice, he'd be easier to dismiss. There is always somebody warning of a market meltdown. Yet Bank of America chief economist Michael Hartnett is also gloomy, warning of a “hard landing” for investors this year, as victory in the war on inflation is far from certain. The Fed may have to drive the country into a recession before it succeeds. The Bank of England is also struggling. UK inflation fell to 10.1 percent in January, but that's still a huge number. If you want my view, Wilson and Hartnett have overdone the gloom. There are still reasons to be cheerful right now, if you look for them. Yet I also think the stock market rally has run its course, and the FTSE 100 is now more likely to fall than rise. The truth is, nobody knows. I don't have the power to forecast stock markets, and nor do highly paid Wall Street analysts. There are too many variables. Isa and pension savers should approach today's market with caution, but they shouldn't sell up in a panic (unless they need their money in the immediate future). Nobody should invest in shares for a term of less than five years, and ideally longer. By then, Wilson's "death zone" will have long since been forgotten. Then we'll all have something else to worry about instead. 