England captain Harry Kane has been urged to leave Tottenham this summer in search of silverware, though his next club may not be Manchester United as former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy insisted he would be better suited elsewhere. Kane has just 18 months left on his contract in north London, though has recently hinted that he could extend his current deal. United have an interest in Kane as a summer transfer, having terminated Cristiano Ronaldo’s contract before the World Cup and replacing him with a short-term loan from Burnley in the form of Wout Weghorst. The Netherlands ace and Anthony Martial are Erik ten Hag’s only two recognised centre-forwards and there is no guarantee that either player will remain at Old Trafford beyond this summer. Kane is reportedly on United's striker shortlist alongside Victor Osimhen, Goncalo Ramos and Mohamed Kudus, though he is also of interest to Bayern Munich while the German giants have made several public pleas to the 30-year-old - and Murphy feels that they would be a better fit than United. “If Bayern Munich come calling for Harry Kane this summer, he should go,” Murphy wrote in the Daily Mail as he claimed it would be foolish for Kane to turn down Bayern. “It would be hugely sad if a player of his quality finished without winning a trophy. It’s something he himself would regret after retirement. DON'T MISS: Arteta makes three complaints as Arsenal lose to Everton “That is what you work so hard for and unfortunately Spurs are no nearer giving Kane what he deserves as a world-class striker. He turns 30 this summer, it’s getting to that now-or-never stage but it shows how good his form is that one of the biggest clubs in Europe are still interested. “Going abroad may cost him Alan Shearer’s Premier League goals record but in the grand scheme of things, that shouldn’t put him off. In five years, we could be talking about Harry Kane, Champions League winner with multiple Bundesliga titles and cup medals. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed “I’m sure Kane would get other offers. Manchester United have been mentioned but he hasn’t got time to be part of a team that is building. If he was going to leave Spurs, it would be primarily to win trophies from the get-go which would make Bayern his best option.” Kane has insisted that talks will commence shortly on a new contract, though if the two parties are unable to agree on terms for an extension then Spurs would likely rather sell their star man abroad than a Premier League rival. Reports had previously suggested that Spurs would entertain offers starting at £70m for Kane, though a league rival such as United would have to pay a premium on that price tag.