Mason Greenwood is facing a battle to resurrect his professional career despite charges against him being dropped. The Manchester United striker was informed by the Crown Prosecution Service that he no longer had to stand trial for attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault.  A CPS statement admitted there was “no longer a realistic prospect of conviction” after key witnesses withdrew their cooperation from the investigation. But while he is free to resume his career, United are set to conduct an internal investigation into the original allegations made against him. It is understood that until investigation concludes Greenwood will not be training or playing for the club. United, who gave no timeframe for how long they expect that process to take, gave a statement noting charges had been dropped, adding that they would make no further comment.  But the internal investigation allows some breathing space for the club potentially until the summer and while he remains a United employee, with a contract which runs until 2025 on an estimated £4million per season, he may allowed to rebuild his career away from Old Trafford. In a short statement released on Greenwood’s behalf after the charges were dropped, he said: “I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time.” Greenwood had already established himself as an integral member of former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad at the time of his arrest having scored 35 goals in 129 appearances. But after he was suspended from United his contract with sponsors Nike was terminated and his profile was removed from EA Sports FIFA 22 game.  As importantly Greenwood found himself shunned by several teammates, who cut off connections to him on social media channels. Working his way back into a squad united under the new management of Erik ten Hag, who has made discipline a central plank of his rebuild, will be difficult. A CPS statement said: “A combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. “In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case.”  Greater Manchester Police (GMP) stressed the decision to drop the case had not been taken lightly but said they “understand the rationale for the discontinuation of proceedings”. Greenwood was one of the brightest talents to emerge from the United academy in recent years. The Bradford-born player made his senior debut in a Champions League game against Paris St Germain in March 2019 and earned international honours in September the following year. 