Wordle has become a daily ritual for thousands of people across the globe. However, there are some fans who swear that ever since The New York Times purchased exclusive rights to the popular puzzle game, those daily teasers are getting harder to solve. If you're struggling to figure out the answer to today's Wordle for February 4, then Express Online has put together a selection of spoiler-free hints to give you a head start. Just head to the bottom of the page for three clues for Wordle 595 on February 4. Good luck! The ideal game to play over your morning cup of tea, the aim of Wordle is to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To solve the puzzle, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles. If the tile turns grey, then the letter you've guessed doesn't appear in the final word. If it turns yellow, then the letter appears in the word, just not in that position. A green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct place. An addictive game with a huge following, Wordle would go on to spawn dozens of clones. There's a Lord of the Rings themed Wordle called Lordle, a musical variant called Heardle, and a hardcore Wordle game called Quordle - where the aim is to guess four words instead of just one. If you're not great with words, then you'll prefer something like Nerdle, where you've got to figure out a maths equation. Four best Wordle starting words to make you a 'Wordle Master' - expert tips If you're here for Wordle 595 hints, check out the latest clues for the February 4 puzzle below... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 595 hints and clues for February 4... 1. Wordle 595 starts with the letter U. 2. Wordle 595 contains two vowels. 3. You'd be in the dark without these clues.