Sky Sports F1 pundit Ted Kravitz has warned Lewis Hamilton of a “vicious cycle” that could be heading towards Mercedes this season, as the Brit undergoes his second day of F1’s pre-season testing in Bahrain. The 38-year-old finished sixth-fastest on the opening day on Thursday, before taking to the track once again on Friday. Mercedes chief Toto Wolff was defiant in his claim that the team have delivered a car that Hamilton can win his record eighth world title with the porpoising issues that plagued the Silver Arrows last season supposedly put behind them. “At this stage last year, we knew we were in trouble because the car was bouncing around and we were not able to drive it correctly,” Wolff said on Thursday. “Today, it is very different. The car seems to be balanced in the right way. There is no bouncing which is good news. It is a good starting point.” However, Kravitz has warned Mercedes that even though they were pleased with the lack of porpoising in Bahrain, it does not mean that they have found a long-term solution. "The crucial thing for Mercedes is they've answered a very important question,” Kravitz told Sky Sports. “Is this, essentially, a good car? Happily for Mercedes, the answer to that question is yes it is. But that doesn't mean you can completely put away the idea of running it low to the ground, and then you might get the dreaded porpoising that blighted their season last year. "So to avoid that, they've got to raise the car a little bit and then to still make it fast, they need to add some downforce on the wing. That creates the drag, and that's the problem for them. It's a vicious cycle." DON'T MISSSergio Perez admits Red Bull have pre-season 'problems' [COMMENT]Ferrari hit with double blow as similar Lewis Hamilton issues raised [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen shares Ferrari, McLaren wish and talks Hamilton rivalry [INSIGHT] Hamilton’s car was forced to undergo repairs on Friday as debris came off the bodywork and Fernando Alonso ran over the piece. The Aston Martin car was unaffected and Hamilton was back on the track after a short delay back in the pits, though on Thursday agreed with Wolff and was pleased with his car for the 2023 season. "It's good to be back in the car here in Bahrain," Hamilton said. "It was a nice, cool afternoon weather-wise, though windy. We got through our programme and have gathered lots of data. We also had good reliability which contributed to our strong mileage total; that is down to the amazing work done back at Brackley and Brixworth. "We've got to keep pushing, focus on ourselves, and stay focused. It's difficult to know where we are in the order, but we'll get a better feeling in the days to come."