The Kansas City Chiefs enjoyed a party of champions after winning their third Super Bowl title at the State Farm Stadium on Sunday. The Chiefs got their hands on the Vince Lombardi Trophy after securing a dramatic victory over the Philadelphia Eagles - and celebrations soon got wild. Travis Kelce, Kansas City Chiefs tight end, and Jason Kelce, Philadelphia Eagles center, were officially the first brothers to play against each other in Super Bowl history. At the end of the annual showpiece, though, it was Travis and the Chiefs that were victorious, picking up the 38-35 win over Jason’s Eagles. After the game, Jason and Travis embraced on the field as the red and gold confetti dropped inside State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Ariz. When speaking with the media, Jason was asked what he told Travis during their meeting after the game. The eldest Kelce said he told his younger brother: "F*** you, congratulations. Now go celebrate." And celebrate they did, as the team were seen pouring and drinking a bottle of bubbly off the iconic Vince Lombardi Trophy in the changing rooms afterwards. When the champagne was not being poured down the Super Bowl prize, it was being tossed across the locker room in typical celebratory fashion. Members of the Chiefs' playing roster gave their fans an inside look, after sharing a number of clips of their post-match party on social media. Wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster live streamed a large part of the celebrations to his 3.3 million followers on Instagram, where the champagne was certainly flowing. Kelce said to Smith-Schuster: "Thank you for coming through. Thank you for fighting through all the s***. Dog, how sweet is this, man. Love you, bro."  Smith-Schuster replied: "Oh my God, we just won the Super Bowl! Let's f***ing go." Referencing their imminent Super Bowl rings, he concluded: "Man, y'all know what time it is. Go get yo ring sized." Tommy Townsend was seen pouring and drinking a bottle of bubbly off the iconic Vince Lombardi Trophy. When the champagne was not being poured down the Super Bowl prize, it was being tossed across the locker room in typical celebratory fashion. In what seemed to be a cheeky dig at their rivals, Chiefs star Isiah Pacheco was dancing to Philly rapper Uzi as he live streamed the champions' party to his 200,000 Instagram followers. As if often a tradition with Super Bowl winners, the 23-year-old wide receiver was seen enjoying a cigar as he danced away in the locker room. As well as their antics off the pitch, it was no doubt a night to remember on it. The AFC East franchise trailed 24-14 to Philadelphia at the half and seemingly had no answer to the Eagles run game which had dominated time of possession and went virtually unchallenged against the Chiefs defense. In the second half, Kansas City turned the tide and scored on every possession as Mahomes put the team on his back en route to his second Super Bowl. Smith-Schuster played his part, too, making seven catches - most of any Chiefs receiver - for 53 yards. Mahomes targeted the former Steeler more than anyone. Meanwhile, the fleet-of-foot Pacheco continued to add chapters to what had already been a Cinderella story since joining Kansas City from Piscataway, NJ. The 251st overall pick in the 2022 NFL Draft rushed for 76 yards and a touchdown on 15 carries. Scenes were likely to be much more dour in the Philadelphia locker room despite their spirited effort. With the loss it was yet another blow to The City of Brotherly Love, who became the first city in history to lose three consecutive sports titles.