Nick Kygrios took aim at some legends of men’s tennis as he delivered his verdict on the perennial debate over who is the greatest to play the sport. The Australian maverick was brutally honest in his assessment when comparing the icons of different eras in an explosive wide-ranging interview with Youtube sensation Logan Paul. Outspoken Wimbledon finalist Kyrgios is a huge basketball fan and labelled record points scorer LeBron James as the best player to compete in the NBA, despite his love of Michael Jordan. And when conversation on the Impaulsive Podcast turned to the greatest player to grace a tennis court, Kyrgios said:“Federer and Jordan are very similar, but I think Novak (Djokovic) is statistically and all that type of stuff is better." Djokovic claimed his 22nd Grand Slam title at the Australian Open last month as Kygrios withdrew on the eve of the tournament because of injury. World number one Djokovic drew level with Rafael Nadal on major titles in Melbourne, but Kyrgios conspicuously did not name-check his great Spanish rival when declaring his GOAT. JUST IN: Serena Williams and Sharapova reunite to put feud rumours to bed  But Kyrgios was unequivocal in his belief that past greats simply could not cut it in the modern era as he brushed off any suggestion that iconic veterans like John McEnroe, Pete Sampras and Andre Agassi could enter the GOAT debate. McEnroe, Sampras and Agassi won 29 Grand Slam singles titles between them, and while Kyrios is still chasing his first, the 27-year-old insists the legendary triumvirate would not stand a chance in his generation of tennis. “No way,” he said when asked if the trio were up there with the greatest. “Because I think Jordan could play in this era, whereas those guys would get absolutely snipped in this era.” DON'T MISSKyrgios defended for 'throwing middle finger' as Tursunov lauds starMurray and Zverev downplay injury woes ahead of blockbuster Doha clashRaducanu's ex-coach gives rare insight into 'demanding' work ethic  In his candid hour-long chat, Kyrgios also opened up on the difficulties of winning a Grand Slam as he chases his first major crown. He was defeated by close friend Djokovic in four sets in the Wimbledon showpiece last year, but believes he is now ready to go one further after his experiences at the All England Club. “It’s tough because you play four or five hours and then you have one day off and then you have to do it again,” he said. “And then that’s seven times in a row to win a Grand Slam. So it’s almost impossible. “I think I can win a grand slam. Wimbledon I was right there. I was two sets away. I won the first set and I thought ‘this is it’. And then I just didn’t stay in the moment and he stayed super composed but I feel like I could do that.” 