You is back on Netflix with the first five episodes as season four has been split into two parts. The season saw Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) take on the new alias, university professor Jonathan Moore. He started receiving anonymous texts from someone who was clearly stalking him, but who was it? Joe had moved to London to start a new life after giving up on his latest love interest, Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle). He had spotted his neighbour Kate (Charlotte Ritchie), who regularly attended the same college Joe worked at. Kate was already in a relationship with a fellow professor called Malcolm (Stephen Hagan), whom none of Kate's friends thought highly of. After a night out with Kate's friends, Joe found Malcolm's dead body on his dining table and he believed he had killed him. However, it later transpired someone was trying to set Joe up and expose him for being a serial killer. READ MORE: Outlander and Downton Abbey star Ed Speleers joins You season 4 cast Joe started getting mysterious texts from an unknown source and he realised he was being followed. His stalker was taunting and blackmailing Joe, threatening to expose him after discovering his true identity. In the final episode, Kate and Joe, who she knew as Jonathan, had to try and dispose of Gemma's (Eve Austin) body. Kate had found her dead in her room and neither of them wanted people to believe they had killed her. Meanwhile, Kate's friend Roald Walker-Burton (Ben Wiggins), who had a crush on Kate, was starting to resent Jonathan. He even attempted to shoot him whilst the pair were out hunting, but luckily Kate managed to stop him. However, once Roald had caught wind of Gemma's death and thought Jonathan was responsible, there was no holding him back. Roald was determined to kill Jonathan before an unexpected figure turned up in the woods - Rhys Montrose (Ed Speleers). Rhys was the only person Joe had felt a real connection to as they came from similar backgrounds. However, it transpired Rhys was behind the murders as he had a vendetta against the elite. DON'T MISS... Former EastEnders star Tilly Keeper has joined You season 4 castCharlotte Ritchie pays tribute to YOU’s ‘lovely’ Penn Badgley You season 4 features EastEnders and Outlander stars It came to light that Rhys had been texting Joe all along, having found out about his history. He wanted Joe to kill Roald and then pin all of the murders on Roald so he could not defend himself. Rhys had trapped Roald and Joe in an underground dungeon and set fire to it after Joe refused to help him. Thankfully, Kate took a risk and went outside in search of the pair and she managed to set them free before the stately home burned to the ground. When Joe was back in London, he knew it was not the end of Rhys and his taunting. Rhys was in the running for mayor and Joe was concerned about what he would do with such power in his hands. Now it seems Joe will make it his mission to hunt down Rhys and end his murder spree before anyone else gets hurt. Could this be Joe's journey of redemption as he kills one more time for the greater good? He may not even need to kill Rhys, but simply find enough evidence to take to the police proving he was the murderer. Joe has already co-operated with the detectives and they are likely to listen to Joe if he can prove Rhys' guilt.  You season 4 part 1 is on Netflix now. Part 2 will air on March 9.