Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta believes that defender William Saliba’s battle with Ivan Toney over the weekend will help him improve in three departments. The Brentford star caused the Gunners numerous issues during the 1-1 draw on Saturday. The match between the two London sides has been tarnished since it emerged that VAR should have intervened to chalk off Toney’s equaliser on the day. The striker headed home from close range following a set-piece, though footage showed that both Christian Norgaard and Ethan Pinnock were offside in the build-up to the goal. Official Lee Mason has since been dropped for this weekend’s round of fixtures, with PMGOL also apologising to Arsenal for the crucial error that saw them let Manchester City move within three points of the top spot. Despite his anger at the situation, Arteta has tried to take some positives from the match – including what Saliba learned playing against Toney, making a point that the ex-Marseille loanee is far from the finished article. Speaking ahead of his side’s clash with City, the Spaniard said: “He [Saliba] has the physical capacity to handle that but he also needs the timing, the exposure and the experiences he had with Toney to realise how difficult it is here. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m “But if you put Ivan Toney against any defender in the league and you put ten balls that are coming down with snow on them, he’s probably going to beat them. “But it’s not about that ball. It’s about what happens after as well. City are not going to be putting those types of balls but they have a goalkeeper that can put in our box, that’s for sure.” Saliba has shone for Arsenal so far this season, with his arrival bringing the best out of Gabriel and providing confidence and quality in a key area of the pitch. DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache The Frenchman has been one of the Gunners’ most important players in their title charge, though he will need to be at his very best to contain City star Erling Haaland on Wednesday night – if the Norwegian is passed as fit. Speaking about his opponents, Arteta added: “What they have done in the last six years. They absolutely merit it on the pitch and the way they play and the way they have gone through difficulties. "For us, the challenge is to get to that level. This is what we want to be. (It’s not about experience). It’s about how good we play tomorrow night and that will dictate what happens in the game.”