Chelsea are reportedly planning to send Andrey Santos out on loan to a Brazilian club playing in the Copa Libertadores in order to get the necessary points for a work permit. Santos was one of eight new signings Chelsea made in the January transfer window. The Blues paid a reported fee worth £16million to sign Santos from Vasco da Gama with the teenager seen as one of the brightest prospects in Brazilian football. He was then given permission to represent his country at the Under-20 South American Championship, where he finished as the tournament's joint-top scorer with six goals as Brazil went on to win the trophy. Chelsea paid tribute to their new signing's achievement on social media last week with Santos replying: "Thank you very much. Now it’s focus on the blues!" But Santos will have to wait a bit longer to make his Chelsea debut with the midfielder denied a work permit. Chelsea were hopeful that Santos' participation in the South American Championships would earn him enough points to get his visa to play in the Premier League. However, the Evening Standard report that his performance in the tournament wasn't taken into account.  Chelsea are said to have applied for an exceptional talent visa, but Santos missed out by just one point. The 18-year-old now looks set for a loan move away from Chelsea in order to get enough points on his visa to play in the Premier League. It's claimed that Santos is set to be loaned out to a team playing in the Copa Libertadores, which would add at least three points to his application. Graham Potter was asked about Santos' situation in his press conference on Friday and admitted no progress had been made.  "Santos is still in the same place. We're looking at what the options are for him," he said. It was also claimed in Brazil that part of the reason Santos was not granted a work permit was due to the number of midfield signings Chelsea made over the past few months. Enzo Fernandez joined Chelsea on January deadline day while Denis Zakaria was also signed last summer. The Copa Libertadores is the South American equivalent of the Champions League with a host of clubs said to be interested in Santos.