A woman in her 60s and her three cats were found dead after a house fire. Firefighters, police, and paramedics rushed to the property in Rugeley, Staffordshire at around 10.45pm yesterday but the victim was found dead.  Fire crews remain at the scene today with a police cordon around the home, reports Birmingham Live. An investigation into the cause of the blaze is ongoing. A neighbour has told how she heard a "crash and a bang", then called 999. She said: "I heard a beeping noise and thought it could have been a carer alarm as it didn’t sound like a fire alarm. "The noise carried on and I heard a crash and bang and tried to ring her and it wasn’t connected. "So I rang her daughter and got nothing from them and so had a look out the back and saw black smoke out of the back window. "I called 999 and the firefighters were here so quickly. The police and fire have been amazing and checked everyone round here is okay. "They checked all of our smoke alarms today. She’d only been moved in for a few weeks, if I hadn’t have seen the smoke who knows I could have been killed too." Another neighbour said: "You see it in the paper or on the news but you don’t think it’ll be so close to home. "I was up most of the night with it all but the fire crews were fantastic." Cannock Police tweeted saying to confirm the woman's death. They said: "We were called to a property off Crabtree Way just after 10.45pm on Tuesday (31 January). "Officers attended as did Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service and West Midlands Ambulance Service. The fire was extinguished by fire crews. "Sadly, a woman, in her 60s, and three cats were found deceased at the property. Her next of kin have been informed. "We remain at the scene while inquiries continue." Claire Brown, spokeswoman for West Midlands Ambulance Service, said: "We were called by the fire service at 10.46pm to reports of a property fire off Crabtree Way, Rugeley. "An ambulance and paramedic officer attended. Sadly, one woman was confirmed deceased on scene."  