Ryan (played by Neil McDermott) is set to return to EastEnders, and it's safe to say he will likely have some opinions about his daughter, 12-year-old Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) being pregnant. Actor Neil talked about his comeback to the BBC soap and the real motives Ryan has, and revealed the character has "an agenda of his own". What could he be up to? Ryan was last seen proudly watching his sister Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) getting married seven years ago. His name has been mentioned a lot recently as Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) has tried to digest the news about her daughter, Lily. Whitney has been urging her to contact Ryan to let him know, and she kept assuring her she would do. Teasing what's coming up, Neil explained: "Ryan comes back with a bit of an agenda of his own." READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' The actor continued: "He’s of course not been around for a while, so whatever he thinks should be the right thing, isn’t going to be taken too well by Stacey and other members of the Square. "He hasn’t been around, so why should he have a right to say anything at all? Which I understand. "In Ryan’s mind though, something massive has happened here and he tries to be of some help. "We learn that he’s doing alright for himself and has money that could help the situation. "He’s carefully trying to tread his way through to become a bigger part of Lily’s life, but it's whether or not Stacey, Lily and the family want him around." It's probable Stacey would prefer Ryan to stay away because he hasn't been a big presence in his daughter's life, with her stepdad Martin Fowler (James Bye) providing a father figure for her. With Ryan determined to rebuild a relationship with Lily and making clear his finances could help, it's possible he will try to get Lily away from Walford to stay with him. Could he sway his daughter to get away from it all and stay with him as he offers to take care of things money-wise? DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson 'attacked' by cow after being in 'wrong place' [LATEST]Tom Jones responds to Delilah ban as singer 'proud' of anthem [VIDEO]Kate Garraway slammed as she defends Tom Jones' Delilah [REACTION] Lily has faced teasing from her classmates at school since they found out about the situation, and might be eager to have a new start with her dad. Will Stacey allow Ryan to become so involved after such a long time away, though? When asked about the potential for Ryan and Stacey to finally start co-parenting, Neil was sure not to give too much away. "Well, they haven’t so far!" He commented. "Who knows what the future holds for Ryan, and for Stacey too." The soap star added: "We’ll have to see if there’s ever a prolonged period where they can be on the Square at the same time and to try and make that work. "As I understand it, Ryan does want to be a good dad to Lily and he feels like Stacey has asked him to stay away and that’s why he’s not there at the moment. "He’s respected her decision but with the news of Lily’s pregnancy, he feels he needs to come back and try to see how he can be part of her life more." EastEnders continues on Monday at Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.