The mayor of East Palestine accused President Joe Biden of not caring for his community after announcing a new military aid packed to help Ukraine while his town struggles. Residents along the Pennsylvania border have been struggling for weeks after chemicals were released into the air and local water streams following the derailment of a Norfolk Southern train. Trent Conaway said he was "furious" at Biden for focusing on his international agenda while his fellow citizens struggle. Conaway criticised Biden for the help, or lack thereof, provided so far to tackle the consequences of the chemical spill. Asked about Biden's visit to Ukraine on Monday, he said: "That was the biggest slap in the face. "That tells you right now he doesn’t care about us. "He can send every agency he wants to, but I found out this morning that he was in Ukraine giving millions of dollars away to people over there and not to us, and I'm furious." JUST IN: US-China tensions so bad expert warns 'stage is being set for potential war' Speaking to Jesse Watters Primetime, Conaway added: " On President's Day in our country, he's over in Ukraine – that tells you what kind of guy he is." The Biden administration has come under fire over its handling of the train crash after the White House refused to authorise a FEMA disaster declaration. Washington has maintained the incident in Ohio does not meet the legal criteria for an official declaration. An administration official said: "What East Palestine needs is much more expansive than what FEMA can provide. READ MORE: Mapped: Huge winter storm to bring coast-to-coast misery to Americans "FEMA is on the frontlines when there is a hurricane or tornado. This situation is different." East Palestine officials however have been calling for extra federal help for weeks, citing health concerns after locals began to report experiencing headaches and skin rashes since the accident. The water in the area has been tested and authorities have insisted it is safe. However, residents using well water have been urged to continue using bottled water in the meantime. Ohio Governor Mike DeWine confirmed last week clinics would be set up to assess symptoms before returning once more to East Palestine to provide an update on the situation on Tuesday. DON'T MISS:Putin ‘loses battle’ in energy war as EU gas prices 'won't spike again' [REVEAL]Over 5,000 homes without electricity in 16 UK regions [REPORT]Fears of nuclear horror as Turkey's reactor rocked by earthquake [SPOTLIGHT] DeWine said last week: "We're now bringing in medical people to talk to anybody who has a particular problem. "So we're doing absolutely everything that we can to assure residents about what the situation is.” The Governor also conceded residents were right to be sceptical but insisted the water testing results are "accurate." He added: "Nothing wrong with healthy scepticism. But all I can do as governor of the state of Ohio is tell you, we have the best experts that we can get and we have the best equipment that is available to do the testing. We believe the testing is accurate." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews