Mirrors are a staple piece of household decor but they can quickly leave the entire room looking dirty when surface dust and stains are left to build up. While many people reach for window cleaning products and other harsh polishes to wipe the grime away, they aren't the most effective, or cheapest remedies to restore the natural shine of glass. In fact, according to experts, scents and dyes are often the very thing that causes streaks in the first place. You may think that water is the safest best to clean glass mirrors without damaging them but there are better alternatives. According to an expert at Invisible Glass, you should ditch ready-made cleaning products and opt for natural remedies like white vinegar instead. They said: "Using a glass cleaner without soaps, scents, or dyes delivers the best results because those additives actually leave behind the residues that cause streaks. While a brightly coloured, lemon-scented cleaner might look nice and smell 'fresh', it deposits layers of grease, oil, or wax. "Those contaminants quickly turn into streaks as you try to wipe them away. Soaps, scents, and dyes can’t evaporate and they don’t simply wipe off. "This means if you are using a glass cleaner that’s coloured or scented, you’re trapped in an endless cleaning cycle to eliminate streaks." READ MORE: Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required The key to achieving a seamless finish when cleaning your mirrors is to use distilled white vinegar rather than the white wine version. You can buy this for just 29p in Tesco stores. Distilled versions are undoubtedly the best option for cleaning as they are much stronger due to the higher acid content. The most significant difference is that white wine vinegar is made by fermenting wine, while white distilled vinegar is made from water and acetic acid. To quickly clean dusty glass surfaces, you don't even need to dilute the acidic solution either. In fact, it is as simple as pouring a few drops onto a clean, microfiber cloth and buffing the solution in to lift stains. DON'T MISS...Remove ‘stubborn’ sock stains with ‘effective’ natural stain remover [REVEAL]I used baking soda to remove stubborn mould around my window - photos [REVIEW]Clean your mattress in just '30 minutes' using 'natural' DIY paste [INSIGHT] The cleaning experts at Invisible Glass said: "Some people recommend using rags, or an old tee shirt, but those materials were not designed for cleaning. "They may work, but it’s unlikely that they can draw out residues and contaminants from a surface the same way that a microfiber cloth can." Paper kitchen towels are much the same in this sense, and won't work well for windows or mirrors as they leave a "significant amount of lint" behind. If you don't have a microfiber cloth and are fed up of the furry residue left by other materials, you can try using scrunched-up newspaper instead. READ MORE: ‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ Another tip shared by the glass experts was to use a side-to-side motion when applying the vinegar. They explained that doing so reduces the chance of static and dust, and also makes it easy to get into the corners and clean along edges. For extra stubborn stains, it is best to spot-treat the area with more vinegar rather than wiping over the entire surface multiple times. When doing this, you should avoid scrubbing too hard as it could scratch the surface of your glass, leaving it looking "cloudy and unattractive". The very same cleaning method can be used on windows too. However, when it comes to cleaning the seals and window frames, you should change the ingredients. While you can use distilled vinegar to buff the glass panes, a gentle oil like baby oil or naturally fragranced essential oils are best. Not only will these leave your windows looking spotless, but also add extra shine so they look even more impressive when the light catches the surface. Again, you should always use a microfiber or lint-free cloth for the best results and to avoid fluffy residue being left behind on the surface.