Their plea came after Lancashire Police was criticised for disclosing that the mother-of-two suffered “some significant issues with alcohol” in the past, which had resurfaced over recent months. Senior officers said that Ms Bulley was “vulnerable” and classed by police as a “high-risk” missing person immediately after her partner Paul Ansell reported her disappearance. Her family have stepped in and called for people online to stop speculating on Nicola’s personal health struggles and focus solely on the search to bring her home to her two daughters, aged six and nine. Shedding more light on her health issues, the family statement – released via the police force – added: “Due to the perimenopause, Nikki suffered with significant side-effects such as brain fog, restless sleep and was ­taking HRT to help. “But this was giving her intense headaches which caused Nikki to stop taking the HRT, thinking that may have helped her but only ended up causing this crisis.” The relatives appealed: “The public focus has to be on finding her and not making up wild theories about her personal life. “Despite what some media outlets and individuals are suggesting, we are being updated daily and receive support from our family liaison officers. “Nikki is such a wonderful daughter, sister, partner and mother and is missed dearly – we all need you back in our lives.” Addressing her directly, the statement continued: “Nikki, we hope you are reading this and know that we love you so much and your girls want a cuddle. We all need you home. “You can reach out to us, or you can contact MissingPeople.org.uk. Don’t be scared, we all love you so very much.” Nicola’s parents, Ernest, 73, and Dot, 72, tied a yellow ribbon to a bridge over the river in St Michael’s on Wyre, where she vanished on January 27. Their message on the ribbon read: “We pray every day for you. Love you, Mum + Dad XXX.” A message on another tribute, thought to be from her sister Louise, read: “Nikki please come home. I love you. Lou XXX”. The Lancashire force has referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) over contact that its officers had with Nicola, two weeks before she vanished. The watchdog may investigate the force over its handling of the case. An IOPC spokesman said: “We are assessing the available information to determine whether an investigation into that contact may be required and if so, who should conduct that.” Mortgage adviser Nicola disappeared after dropping off her girls at school. She was last seen at 9.10am, walking her springer spaniel Willow alongside the River Wyre. Some 20 minutes later her mobile, still connected to a work group phone call, was discovered on a bench on the riverbank as the dog ran loose. The Lancashire police force was strongly condemned by MPs and by campaigning groups after revealing Nicola’s issues with alcohol were “brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause”. A source close to Home Secretary Suella Braverman said that the Cabinet minister “was concerned by the disclosure of Nicola Bulley’s ­personal information by Lancashire Police and asked the force for an explanation, which was received ­yesterday evening.” Speaking to broadcasters, Home Office minister Robert Jenrick yesterday described the force’s comments as “unusual” but he added that it would not be correct for him to speculate on the reasons why they were made. Andrew Snowden, the Conservative police and crime commissioner for Lancashire, said officers were being “as transparent as they can be” following a press conference. TV presenter Fern Britton was one of many figures to criticise the police. After the force revealed Nicola’s issues she declared that it is “too easy to write a woman off like this”. The 65-year-old broadcaster has previously spoken openly about the impact that “horrible” menopause symptoms have had on her own health. Ms Britton said she was angry that Nicola was depicted by police as “a bit unstable” or “not in her right mind” – even though an estimated 13 million women in the UK are also living with problems ­arising from the menopause. The TV host continued: “I am uncomfortable with the latest news suggesting that Nicola Bulley has an issue with alcohol and menopause. “The undertone is that she may be ‘a bit unstable’ or perhaps even ‘not in her right mind’.” Ms Britton added: “Too easy to write a woman off like this. What lies behind it?” Former detective Martyn Underhill said that he had never “seen such a level of detail” released in a missing person case. He added: “You can understand why some people are saying it’s ­victim-blaming to protect [the police force’s] own reputation.” Former Crown prosecutor Nazir Afzal commented on the disclosure: “It should not have been issued. It does nothing to find her. “It does, however, give fuel to the victim blamers, armchair sleuths and conspiracy theorists. We don’t need any of them.” Silkie Carlo, director of the privacy campaign group Big Brother Watch, wrote online: “Lancashire Police broadcasting Nicola’s hormone status to the world is a serious invasion of her privacy.” Stella Creasy, the Labour MP for Walthamstow, said: “To disclose this level of detail on a missing person’s private life is deeply troubling.” Her Parliamentary colleague Conservative MP Alicia Kearns, who chairs the Commons Foreign Affairs Select Committee, said: “I struggle to ascertain how this will assist police in their search.” She added: “I do see how it would assist those wishing to victim-blame or diminish.”