Actor Tom Hanks could be seen in a state of disbelief in the stands as Ollie Watkins scored to give Aston Villa an early lead against Arsenal. The Hollywood star could be seen mouthing 'oh my god' as he took in the game as one of the Villans' guests. Arsenal got off to the worst possible start at Villa Park as Watkins gave the home side the lead within five minutes. The Englishman was played through by a long ball from Matty Cash and he held off William Saliba to fire past Aaron Ramsdale. The strike left Hanks in disbelief, with cameras picking out the American in the stands. The 66-year-old is a long-term Villa supporter and took in the game from the directors' box as a guest of the club. He stood with his hands on his head as he celebrated the goal and appeared to say 'oh my god' while in a state of ecstasy. Hanks had jetted in from America for his first game at Villa Park and the team instantly repaid his decision with the early goal. However, the lead did not last long with Bukayo Saka levelling the score line 10 minutes later with an excellent volley. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd  Philippe Coutinho got Villa back into the lead on the half-hour mark with the match an excellent spectacle for Hanks in the stands. Hanks has previously explained how he came to support the club suggesting that he liked the name. "I've seen one Aston Villa match, it was a friendly in the United States," he told Channel 5 during an interview in 2013. “I try to keep up. I have a very good friend that lives and dies by Aston Villa, he's in Los Angeles as well, so I'm always getting my updates from him. “Because I can never figure out what channel the football match is on on my grid at home - 583, 643, 801? I can never quite find it.   “Every time I'm looking at the football matches on the soccer channels, as we call it, it's always West Ham playing Man United, Tottenham v Queens Park Rangers. Bring me Villa, bring me Villa! “Doesn't it sound like a lovely place, Aston Villa? I had a lovely massage at Aston Villa…” Given how much he has enjoyed the match so far it would be no surprise if Hanks decided to travel over for a game again in the near future. 