Chelsea manager Graham Potter has shed light on Cesar Azpilicueta's condition after the Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher against Southampton on Saturday. Azpilicueta slumped to the turf after a kick to the face, receiving oxygen while surrounded by medics as players from both sides expressed concern. It was a worrying afternoon for Chelsea in more ways than one as Southampton produced a shock 1-0 victory at Stamford Bridge. The Saints remain at the foot of the Premier League table, but they still managed to pip the Blues and heap fresh pressure onto Potter. The hosts missed a variety of chances in the second half as James Ward-Prose's free-kick turned out to be the winner. Azpilicueta's injury provided extra cause for concern, as Southampton youngster Sekou Mara inadvertently struck him in the face with a powerful kick that prompted immediate calls for medical help from players around him. Medics rushed onto the pitch, and with the game stopped for just shy of 10 minutes, the 33-year-old was eventually taken off on a stretcher while receiving oxygen. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta sets Thomas Partey injury return date after Aston Villa absence  "He’s in hospital," revealed Potter after the game. "He’s conscious and was speaking to his wife. We were obviously really concerned when it first happened. I think he was unconscious to begin with. It was worrying. A horrible incident." Azpilicueta started at right-back ahead of Reece James, who played the full 90 minutes away at Borussia Dortmund in midweek. Potter confirmed that those he left out of the squad entirely, including James and the struggling Marc Cucurella, were omitted in the name of 'managing workload'. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race  Defeat leaves Chelsea 10th in the Premier League table, almost as close to the relegation zone as they are to the top four. Potter has overseen a dismal run of form, with his Blues side netting just once in the past five games and failing to find a win in that time. A lack of convincing results have also been a problem, with the last victory by more than a one-goal margin coming against Bournemouth on December 27. Some were surprised to see youngster David Datro Fofana given the nod up front as the experienced Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang continues to be overlooked. Fofana was withdrawn at half-time and Potter was quizzed after the game about what Aubameyang needs to do to work his way back into the fold.  "He needs to keep doing what he’s doing," explained the former Brighton boss. "We gave Fofana the opportunity but obviously, when you don’t score, I understand the question." On speculation around his future as manager, which has reached a new high after Saturday's disappointing performance, he added: "I’m sure there will be people out there that think I’m the problem. I don’t think they’re right. My job is to help the team work through a tough period. The response in the second half was good but not good enough."