 This year, the global singing competition will be held in the UK on behalf of Ukraine following the ongoing conflict with Russia. With an array of stars hosting the Eurovision Song Contest throughout May, BBC viewers will see the likes of Graham Norton, Julia Sanina and Hannah Waddingham on presenting duties.   Last year, the UK were the runners up in the Eurovision song contest with Sam Ryder’s Spaceman after losing out to Ukraine's folk-rap group Kalush Orchestra. Due to the ongoing conflict with Russia, the competition will be held in Liverpool with an expected 160 million people watching around the world. With the countdown to the first round in full swing, the BBC have announced which stars will be hosting and commenting on the event. Presenting the two live semi-finals, which will air on May 9 and 11, will be the trio of musical superstars Julia Sanina, Hannah Waddington and Alesha Dixon. READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error  The trio will then be joined by Eurovision legend Graham Norton for the Grand Finale which will broadcast on May 13. Appearing in video tape inserts during the live shows is Ukrainian broadcaster Timur Miroshnychenko who will be the Eurovision Correspondent in Liverpool. The presenter will be giving live insights from Ukraine’s commentary box in the Liverpool Arena alongside Morning Live’s Sam Quek. Timur will be fronting the Opening Ceremony live stream on the official Eurovision Song Contest YouTube Channel.  On the night of the finale, both Graham Norton and comedian Mel Giedroyc will take it in turns in the commentary box bringing viewers their thoughts on the acts taking part. For the first time in the UK’s Eurovision history, radio DJs Scott Mills and Rylan Sweeney will be live on BBC One and BBC iPlayer to also comment on both of the semi-finals. Claire Sweeney and the winner of The Voice of Eurovision talent search will be speaking about the event on BBC Radio Merseyside. Speaking about the upcoming competition, Graham Norton commented: “It’s no secret how much I adore Eurovision. DON'T MISS... BBC viewers blast 'scaremongering' food shortage report [REACTION] Ruth Langsford fumes over 'dangerous' Roald Dahl changes [VIDEO[ Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [INSIGHT]    “I truly believe it’s the greatest show on earth and every year that I’m involved it’s a huge honour. “This year is even more special and I personally feel a big responsibility to make our Ukrainian colleagues proud. “Alongside presenting the Grand Final to the world, I just couldn’t resist the opportunity to get back into the commentary box for those watching in the UK!” Emmy winner and Golden Globe nominee Hannah shared her thoughts on hosting the event as she confessed to being a fan of the competition for years.    She commented: “There’s something really special about Eurovision which is why I’ve been an avid fan for years - from the camaraderie of all the acts backstage, to the epic scale of the show. “It’s one of the world’s greatest music festivals, but this year, perhaps more than ever, it is such a great honour to be standing shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine, a country which has carried itself with such strength and unity. “It is my great privilege to join Eurovision this year of all years.” Eurovision Song Contest begins on BBC One on May 9.  