King Charles and Queen Camilla have been tipped to have their own new unique thrones during the Coronation ceremony. During the crowing and anointing section of the ceremony, King Charles will sit in the historic Coronation Chair.  It is believed to be the most sacred part of the coronation. The Coronation Chair in St George’s Chapel is one of the most precious and famous pieces of furniture in the world. It has been the centerpiece of coronations for over 700 years when it is placed in the centre of the Abbey, in front of the High Altar. The Coronation Chair was made by order of King Edward I to enclose the famous Stone of Scone, which he brought from Scotland to the Abbey in 1296, where he placed it in the care of the Abbot of Westminster.  A news report by The Daily Mail stated each monarch has their own unique Throne Chair for the enthronement part, as a Palace source confirmed to the publication: “There is always a new throne for a new monarch, and this will be no exception.” During the enthronement, Charles’s new throne will be set upon a raised dais, with Camilla to be crowned alongside him, seated on a lower level. She will also have her own unique throne. It is reported that King Charles’s new throne is said to carry the Tudor Crown, in a contrast to the late Queen’s logo, which held the St Edward’s Crown. READ MORE: Republicans clash as three Chinese spy balloons entered US under Trump  Meanwhile, Buckingham Palace has announced the plans for the Coronation ceremony. The Service will be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury. According to the Palace: Across the Coronation Weekend, there will be further opportunities for people to come together in celebration of the historic occasion. “On Sunday, 7th May 2023, a special Coronation Concert will be staged and broadcast live at Windsor Castle by the BBC and BBC Studios, with several thousand pairs of tickets to be made available via public ballot. DON'T MISS:Serial rapist David Carrick locked victims in tiny cupboard [REVEAL]3,554 dead in devastating Turkey-Syria earthquake [INSIGHT]Meghan shared heartwarming farewell message to readers on her blog [SPOTLIGHT] “The Coronation Big Lunch, at which neighbours and communities are invited to share food and fun together, will take place across the country on the same date. “On Monday, 8th May 2023, members of the public will be invited to take part in The Big Help Out, which will encourage people to try volunteering for themselves and join the work being undertaken to support their local areas.” 