Mariama Kallon was reporting missing on Thursday, February 9. Metropolitan Police begun an appeal after saying she attended school in Bermondsey, but did not return home. The force said she had been reported missing on a previous occasion. In a statement, the Met said: “Previously she has stayed away from home overnight and has gone to school the next day as normal, however her school was not open on Friday, February 10 and this week is half term.” In a statement, the force added: “There have been two sightings of her in the period since she was reported missing. “The first was on the morning of Friday, February 10 in the vicinity of Markham Street, Southwark and the second was on the afternoon of Monday, February 13 in Riddons Road, Lewisham.” Detective Sergeant Dick Nation of the Central South Missing Persons Unit, said: “We believe Mariama is avoiding going home and as a result of her school being closed, has been out of contact for much longer than normal. “There is no evidence that she has come to harm or is at any imminent risk of harm, but the duration of her disappearance is a cause for concern. She is 13 and we do not know where she is staying or who she is staying with. “We do not know if she is in the company of any responsible adults. If you have seen Mariama or have any information on her whereabouts, please contact us. I would also like to send a message to Mariama if she is reading this. “We know there are many reasons why a child may avoid going home. You are not in any trouble but we need to make sure you are safe. We are here to talk to you and to help you with whatever problems you may be having. “Please call 999, speak to a police officer or ask someone you trust to contact us for you. It is really important.” The Police said on the two occasions that Mariama has been seen since she was reported missing she was wearing different clothing “a black top and blue trousers on February 10 and a black top, pink trousers and a heavy scarf on February 13”. They said: “Anyone who sees Mariama should call 999 immediately. “Anyone with other information about her whereabouts should call 101, giving the reference 5645/13FEB. “Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111 or visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org.” The search for Mariama continues.