Serena Williams' former coach Patrick Mouratoglou has defended Novak Djokovic after former Nike chief Mike Nakajima stated the World No. 1 is not as marketable as his former rival Roger Federer. In an extract from a new book about the recently retired Federer, titled 'The Roger Federer Effect', Nakajima compared the two rivals and highlighted the fact that "there's always a dark cloud around" Djokovic. "He [Djokovic] could well be the most successful tennis player ever," Nakajima said, as per CNN. "But there's always a dark cloud around him. It's like he brings it upon himself. He hits the lineswoman at the U.S. Open [in 2020] and gets disqualified? "It happens, I guess. But why does it always happen to Novak? Or the whole controversy about the Covid-19 vaccination. JUST IN: Djokovic gets Alcaraz warning as Aus Open win caused 'difficulty' "Now, as a brand: do I want to be behind somebody who always has controversy around him? Or do I want to go with an athlete with a squeaky clean image?" And Mouratoglou, who has also worked with the likes of Stefanos Tsitsipas and Coco Gauff, has defended Djokovic. Taking to Twitter, Mouratoglou wrote: "To answer [Nakajima] about Nike and Novak. "Whether we agree or not, like or dislike Novak, I personally prefer a real human being with his qualities, his beliefs and his flows than a perfect untrue image of perfection. Sanctifying perfection is denying our condition as humans." DON'T MISSSerena Williams shares behind-the-scenes moment from Super Bowl advertAlcaraz makes harsh comeback confession after first match in 103 daysDominic Thiem backtracks after snubbing Federer for Djokovic and Nadal And when quizzed by a fan if he encourages the children he coaches behave like Federer or Djokovic, Mouratoglou added: "I tell them to be themselves. This is the best value. Not trying to be someone else. "Being a good person doesn't mean being perfect. Values are essential as drivers to our lives. On the other hand, we also have to accept our imperfections. We are humans not gods."