A horse has been discovered alive in the rubble of a building three weeks after Turkey's devastating earthquake in a remarkable tale of survival. The horse was found by rescue workers who were clearing debris in the city of Adiyaman on Monday. According to reports, the horse had been trapped under the rubble of a collapsed building since the earthquake struck on February 9. Despite the odds, the horse managed to survive without food or water for 21 days. After searching the area, they found the horse buried under a pile of debris, but miraculously alive. The rescue team immediately started working to free the animal from the rubble, and after several hours, they were finally able to extract the horse from the wreckage. A magnitude 5.6 earthquake shook southern Turkey on Monday, three weeks after a catastrophic temblor devastated the region, causing some already damaged buildings to collapse and killing at least one person, authorities said. More than 100 people were injured as a result of Monday's quake which was centered in the town of Yesilyurt in Malatya province, Yunus Sezer, the chief of the country’s disaster management agency, AFAD, told reporters. More than two dozen buildings collapsed. A father and daughter who were trapped beneath the ruins of a four-story building in Yesilyurt were rescued with injuries. They had entered the damaged building to collect belongings. Elsewhere in Malatya, search-and-rescue teams were sifting through the rubble of two damaged buildings that toppled on some parked cars, HaberTurk reported. It was not clear if anyone was trapped under the debris. Malatya was among 11 Turkish provinces hit by the magnitude 7.8 earthquake that devastated parts of southern Turkey and northern Syria on February 6. That quake led to more than 48,000 deaths in both countries as well as the collapse or serious damage of 185,000 buildings in Turkey. AFAD's chief urged people not to enter damaged buildings, saying strong aftershocks continue to pose a risk. More than 10,000 aftershocks have hit the region since February 6. DON'T MISS Russian star addresses Aus Open flag ban after Srdjan Djokovic storm [REPORT] Putin 'ordered' downing of Flight MH17 after telling Xi 'leave to me' [ARCHIVE] Canada follows Biden's lead and pledges tanks to Kyiv [ANALYSIS] The World Bank said Monday it estimates that the massive earthquake caused $34.2 billion in "direct damages" — an equivalent of 4 percent of the country's GDP in 2021. The recovery and reconstruction cost could be potentially twice as large, the World Bank said, adding that GDP losses would also add to the earthquake's cost. The World Bank also estimated that 1.25 million people had been left temporarily homeless. Meanwhile, fans of Turkish soccer team Besiktas threw stuffed toys on the field during a match on Sunday to support children affected by the earthquake. Toys and winter clothing were thrown on the stadium's grounds to be donated to children in the earthquake-hit regions.