The search for missing mum Nicola Bulley has intensified as the police use specialist divers to scour the riverbed for clues. Police have also sealed off the path by the bench where the mum-of-two was last seen - and on which her phone was found after she disappeared, still connected to a work conference call. Her dog was also later retrieved from the nearby area by a local resident. A solo police diver reportedly spent an hour in the River Wyre this morning, using a head torch to search through the murky water, while other officers check trees and foliage for anything that might point to where Ms Bulley has gone.  The diver emerged just after 12.30pm this afternoon - but had not found anything of note. Another diver is currently being prepared to take the plunge, and will take over the underwater search this afternoon. A police source told the Daily Mail: "The underwater teams are performing what's known as an arc search, whereby they monitor the riverbed by moving in a side-to-side motion from bank to bank. "As of yet nothing of significance has been found but it'll be a long, thorough process." The stretch of river close to where Ms Bulley was in the village of St Michael's on Wyre, is about nine miles east of the estuary in Fleetwood. The mortgage advisor, 45, was last seen walking her spaniel Willow at about 9.15am last Friday along the River Wyre in Lancashire. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley alarm raised when 'dry' dog found running alone by river [REVEAL] She was on a business call as she walked, with her parents saying she had been "upbeat" about a new client, and had no known health problems. Ms Bulley and her sister, Louise, were excitedly planning a spa trip together, their mother Dot, 72, said. Both Dot and Ms Bulley's father Ernest, 73, said their daughter's disappearance was out of character. When there didn't appear to be any sign that she had fallen in the river, the worried parents said they asked police if "there is any chance" she has been abducted. DON'T MISS: Missing Nicola Bulley's daughters heartbroken after disappearance [REVEAL]Police search ‘abandoned’ house near where missing mum’s phone found [INSIGHT]Police searching for missing dog walker Nicola Bulley identify witness [ANALYSIS]  Ms Bulley, who "lived for her children", had also bought tickets to watch them perform at choir and gymnastics shows in recent weeks, Dot added. Ernest broke down as he told how hard it was to be in the same room as his granddaughters, aged six and nine, as they continue to ask questions about their mother's whereabouts. He told the Mirror: "When I look at the kids, I have to go out of the room because I can't hold it together. They are asking where Mummy is and when is Mummy coming home? It's so hard." The search continues. 