While hair loss can be a normal part of ageing for many people, it can place a burden on one’s self esteem and it’s natural to want to seek answers and potential therapies. The first port of call when dealing with hair loss is to consider the underlying causes, said Clarissa Berry, Nutritionist for DIRTEA. She said: “Eating a nutrient-dense, anti-inflammatory diet can help to promote hair growth and eliminate the possibility of nutrient deficiency as an underlying cause. “Nutrients to pay special attention to include zinc, selenium, iron, omega 3, and vitamins C, D and B complex (including biotin). Adding foods rich in antioxidants and anti-inflammatory compounds, such as green tea, blueberries, turmeric and red onions, has also been shown to promote healthy hair growth. “Addressing gut health and hormone balance with a nutrition professional can help provide a stronger foundation of overall health, potentially contributing to improved hair growth. Movement is also important, with regular aerobic exercise associated with reduced risk of hair loss.” One of the leading causes of hair thinning is pattern hair loss, which can occur in both men and women, said Berry. READ MORE: Woman shares the 'smelly' signs that led to cancer diagnosis - 'This wasn’t normal for me' She explained: “One of the leading causes of hair thinning is pattern hair loss, which can occur in both men and women. This type of hair loss is often genetic and is driven by an excess of DHT, a derivative of testosterone, in the scalp. Much research has focused on how diet, lifestyle, supplementation and medications can interrupt, slow and even reverse this process.” Berry recommends a selection of natural remedies that may help to reduce hair loss and/or promote hair growth. 1. Saw palmetto Saw palmetto is the fruit of a small palm tree from North America. Berry said: “Native Americans have used it traditionally for centuries as an aphrodisiac and diuretic. Now, it is known to have potent effects on the body’s hormone balance, particularly DHT. It is one of the most potent herbal supplements to reduce DHT levels and promote hair growth, with one study on men showing hair regrowth in 38 percent of participants. It is also used to reduce urinary issues associated with an enlarged prostate. “While taking it orally can help with hair loss, it can also negatively impact testosterone levels, mood, and libido in some people. It can also be applied topically to the head for similar benefits without the risk.” 2. Reishi Reishi is a medicinal mushroom native to Asia that is known as the queen of mushrooms due to its range of phenomenal health benefits. Berry said: “One of these is that it is a natural inhibitor of DHT, the same hormone that is known to affect hair loss. It also blocks androgen (male hormone) receptors in the scalp, making it a potentially beneficial supplement for pattern hair loss, although it may need to be taken several times a day for the best effect. “Reishi is also an adaptogen, which means that it increases stress resilience in the body. It also decreases inflammation, helps to improve sleep quality, supports gut health and calms the mood. READ MORE: Five 'common' warning signs of dementia that could help ensure an early diagnosis “These holistic health benefits may indirectly improve hair loss by reducing stress levels and improving overall wellbeing. DIRTEA’s Reishi Mushroom Extract Powder (£39.99 from www.dirteaworld.com) is grown on a natural substrate and is made from 100 percent fruiting body, giving it a particularly rich concentration of active ingredients.” 3. MSM MSM, or methylsulfonylmethane, is a sulfur-based compound frequently used to support detox and reduce inflammation. Berry explained: “It has a range of health benefits, including decreasing joint pain and inflammation, supporting gut health and enhancing recovery from exercise. “It has also been shown to help with hair loss. MSM is thought to boost collagen and keratin levels, improving hair strength, and it’s thought that its anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, liver- and gut-supportive properties help to favour hair growth. MSM is rich in animal foods, sulphurous vegetables (like broccoli, cabbage, kale, onion and garlic), and can also be taken in supplement form.” 4. Sulforaphane Sulforaphane is another sulfur-based compound that is abundant in sulfur-rich cruciferous vegetables like broccoli, cauliflower, watercress and bok choy, and particularly broccoli sprouts. Berry said: “It has some incredible health benefits and is touted as a key to longevity, given its anti-cancer, heart- and brain-supportive effects. It has also been found to inhibit the conversion of testosterone to DHT and even supports different pathways that promote hair retention. “There isn’t a huge amount of data yet on its effects on hair loss specifically, but due to its wide-reaching benefits and potential for hair support, adding sulforaphane-rich foods to your diet may be a good thing for both your hair and health.”