Shoppers are raving over a supplement that they insist has helped ease up skin discomfort and our readers can bag an exclusive 50% off with code EXPRESS50. AxisBiotix-Ps™ is a food supplement that's made from bacteria that is specially selected to modulate the immune system to help with skin conditions, such as psoriasis, and shoppers are loving the results. The supplements come in easy daily sachets that are taken once a day and stirred into a glass of water, you can buy it as either 28 or 56 day packs and there's the option to subscribe with a discount. It's specifically designed to support skin and gut barrier health and has been described as 'calming the skin from within'. Shoppers are swearing by it, saying that they saw a big difference after using it for a short time. One shopper wrote: “I’ve tried all sorts of fads that promise the world and nothing ever happens, this on the other hand is different. I've been using it for 4 days already my psoriasis on my arm and patches on my face have all but gone!” A second penned: “I felt absolutely marvellous when taking the sachets. It seemed to lift my mood and gave me a sense of well-being. I have osteoarthritis in my hands which has improved. I don't suffer from psoriasis but several people commented on how healthy my skin looked. I will definitely continue with this marvellous product.”  A third wrote: “I've been taking this for a few months now. I've suffered with psoriasis for years. I was introduced to this by a friend who knew how bad mine had become. My gut feels much better and the redness has calmed down. Its not a quick fix but I can see things getting better already. I recommend it so much so, that I'm starting my 5 year old daughter on it. As she's suffering badly with psoriasis too.” A fourth added: “I can’t praise AxisBiotix enough. It is working extremely well on my husband’s Psoriasis. He has it on his legs, arms and chest. He’s only been taking it for 3 weeks and the difference is incredible. Everything is calming down - no more bleeding due to excessive scratching. It’s very early days but so far so very good.” You can order a 28-day pack of AxisBiotix for £39.99 here directly from their website - our readers can bag an exclusive 50% off with code EXPRESS50.