Genetic makeup greatly determines lifespan, but there is proof that healthy lifestyle choices can help people engineer genetic alterations to boost longevity. Recent studies assessing the neuro-protective qualities of astaxanthin on brain ageing suggest three types of seafood may contain higher amounts of the antioxidant. In some studies, the molecule has significantly increased the lifespan of worms. Telomere length is positively associated with the consumption of legumes, nuts, seaweed, fruits and 100 percent fruit juice, dairy products and coffee. It is inversely associated, however, with the intake of alcohol, red meat and processed meals. Some foods have suggested longevity genes could be self-engineered through the intake of foods containing the antioxidant astaxanthin. The medical journal Rejuvenation Research states: “Astaxanthin is an antioxidant carotenoid produced by marine animals, which has gained attention in combating ageing.” READ MORE: Live longer: The 'anti-inflammatory' drink that could cut cancer risk Current research indicates that astaxanthin can extend the lifespan of animals through its antioxidant properties. Roundworms fed with astaxanthin saw their lifespan increase by about “20 percent”, states one preprint published in BioRxiv. More recent reviews have highlighted the ability of astaxanthin to regulate autophagy, a process that protects cells from stress conditions. In 2017, the Burns School of Medicine of the University of Hawaii even showed that astaxanthin “activates” the FOXO3 gene - a variant associated with longevity. The most potent natural source of astaxanthin is a specific form of microalgae that contains far greater levels than any fish. But krill, shrimp and crayfish, are also excellent sources of the marine antioxidant, according to the journal Marine Drugs. The oil of krill, a small crustacean found in all of the world’s oceans, contains higher amounts of the antioxidant astaxanthin than most other fish oils. For higher concentrations, krill oil supplements can be taken with a meal containing dietary fat, as this decreases the risk of gastrointestinal side effects. READ MORE: Restricting your calorie intake could slow down ageing - study In 2019, a Basilean study looked closely at the astaxanthin content of shrimp. The food was identified as the primary source of astaxanthin among crustaceans and proved to be extremely effective in protecting against oxidative stress. In a report summarising the findings, Science Direct noted: “Astaxanthin has proven to be excellent in biological activities including anticancer and anti-ageing and repairing the central nervous system." It also noted that astaxanthin has also been linked to improvements in cardiovascular function and protection of eyesight. The findings of “the […] experimental results [showed] that fresh shrimp shells contain the highest amount of astaxanthin,” the authors noted. They added: “Cool ventilated dried, sun-dried and cooked conditions can reduce obviously the content of astaxanthin in shrimp shells.” Crayfish, which is well established in some parts of England and Wales, is the third optimal source of astaxanthin in crustaceans. One of the reasons these foods have greater concentrations of astaxanthin is that they feed on antioxidant-rich microalgae.