Some of Manchester United's commercial partners are reportedly concerned about the prospect of Mason Greenwood returning to action at Old Trafford despite the club's reluctance to rush into any decision over his future. Charges of attempted rape and assault against the 21-year-old forward were recently dropped at the beginning of the month as the player awaits the chance to potentially revive his football career. United are mindful of the negative reaction they are likely to receive if they are to sanction his return, however, as they prepare to conduct their own formal process behind the scenes. It currently seems highly unlikely that Greenwood will return - if at all - before the end of the current campaign, particularly with Erik ten Hag's side enjoying such an impressive campaign. Furthermore, The Times are now reporting that some of United's sponsors are concerned by the idea of Greenwood returning, which is something that could have further influence on any decision made by the club. Nike confirmed last week that they were no longer working with Greenwood after cutting professional ties following his initial arrest in January 2022. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light There was brief confusion last week though when Nike were visible in Greenwood's updated Instagram bio. A spokesperson quickly moved to clarify the situation though, confirming: “Mason Greenwood is no longer a Nike athlete.” EA Sports will also reportedly continue to exclude the player from their video game FIFA, despite the Crown Prosecution Service's decision to drop all charges against Greenwood's name. United's official partner Cadbury said in February 2022 that Greenwood would not be used in any marketing products "while allegations were being investigated." DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title raceMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light There has since been no formal confirmation that they have changed this stance. Speaking last week for the first time since his arrest, Greenwood issued the following statement: "I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time." Ten Hag has coped admirably without the forward with United currently third in the Premier League table as they attempt to hunt down Arsenal and Manchester City in the title race. United are also the only side in English football that are still in all four competitions as they look to mark the Dutchman's debut season with silverware. Later this month, United will face Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final at Wembley Stadium - meaning they could win the first trophy available to Ten Hag. Meanwhile, Greenwood is training alone away from Carrington in hope that he will eventually make a return to the pitch. He has scored 35 goals in 129 appearances for the club after joining at the age of six. Senior members of United's dressing room are believed to be sceptical about his potential return, further complicating any decision for the Red Devils.