Manchester United fans think Erik ten Hag has let it slip that he's signing Youri Tielemans in the summer after he was caught on camera making a gesture to the Leicester star before he was substituted on. Ten Hag's side claimed an impressive 3-0 victory over the Foxers on Sunday after another sterling Marcus Rashford performance. The red-hot England star stole the headlines once again with a clinical brace while Jadon Sancho also got on the scoresheet to ensure United ran out comfortable winners. United didn't have it all their own way though and had to dig deep in the first 45 minutes with David de Gea being called upon to make two stunning saves. Rashford had given United the lead in the 25th minute and put his side in the ascendency with his second shortly before the hour mark. Inspired second-half substitute Sancho added gloss to the scoreline after a clever one-two with Bruno Fernandes inside the penalty box. The 3-0 victory has seen United re-enter the title picture with Ten Hag's Red Devils now just five points off first-place Arsenal. And if that wasn't enough to get the excitement levels rising at Old Trafford, some eagle-eyed fans think they spotted a tell-tale sign that Tielemans will be signed in the summer. MUST READ: Dickie Davies dead: Legendary sport presenter dies as tributes pour in The Belgian international is facing an uncertain future at the club with his current contract expiring at the end of the season and no new deal in sight. United have been loosely linked with the midfielder, though there has been more noise about a potential move to Arsenal. However, some United fans feel he will be playing at Old Trafford next season after spotting Ten Hag patting him on the back just before he entered the fray on Sunday. "Erik Ten Hag patting Tielemans on the back as he enters the field. Ten Hag cooking for the summer already," one fan wrote on Twitter. "Ten Hag made a beeline for Tielemans and gave the midfield technician a cheeky tap on the back before he jogged on. Securing his first (free) transfer of the summer?!!" a second fan questioned. DON'T MISS Chelsea owner Todd Boehly can go full Roman Abramovich with mind-blowing appointment Man Utd star Alejandro Garnacho 'disappointed and considering U-turn' as details emerge Chelsea board 'make feelings clear' on sacking Graham Potter after Southampton loss Another added: "Would be a very shrewd move in the summer. A top class footballer that would move us another step closer to Ten Hag’s ideal system. On a free, it’s a no brainer,"while one fan simply wrote: "Agent Ten Hag," accompanied by fire emojis. It remains to seen whether United move for Tielemans but the Red Devils could have funds to explore other big signings should the Glazers sell up to Qatar or Sir Jim Ratcliffe. Sky Sports claim that United could become 'serious contenders' for Jude Bellingham or Victor Osimhen if a takeover is completed by the Qataris. However, Ten Hag has told his players to ignore noise about the impending takeover and focus on football as the club heads into a vital period of the season with all four trophies still to play for, including a Carabao Cup final this weekend. After the 3-0 win, Ten Hag said: “We focus on football and perform and that is what the players and staff have to do. We are following the news, we are of course curious what will happen because we are committed, it’s our club but finally it’s nothing to do with us. We have to focus on football, that is all we have to do. We have to perform, we have to get the right results and don’t get distracted from things that are going around the club.”