Clarkson's Farm returned for a second outing and Jeremy Clarkson was facing a difficult time with the local authorities. He and his partner Lisa Hogan faced many challenges this season as the fallout of Brexit started to impact Diddly Squat Farm. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the age gap between the couple. Irish former model and actress Lisa was born in Dublin and she was introduced to Jeremy at a party by friends. The pair dated for a while before officially starting a relationship back in 2017. Lisa was born in Dublin, Ireland and she was born in the early 70s, and she is now 49 years old. Her father Maurice was an architect and her mother is former model Arlene Underwood. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson aims dig at Brian May amid badger controversy She studied at Alexandra College in Milltown and later became a model, artist and actress. Actor John Cleese saw her as a muse and cast her in 1997’s Fierce Creatures. As for Jeremy, the presenter and journalist is 62, having been born in April 1960. With this in mind, there is a 13-year age gap between Lisa and Jeremy. Jeremy was born in Doncaster, with his mother being a teacher and his father a travelling salesman. His first job was working for his parents' business, selling Paddington Bear toys. Jeremy later trained as a journalist with the Rotherham Advertiser and wrote for a number of local papers. His first major television role was as a presenter on Top Gear. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson urges royals to 'ignore naysayers' and 'go nuclear' Jeremy Clarkson issues apology over Farm Shop chaos as police step in Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show Clarkson's Farm season two saw Lisa and Jeremy welcome some new additions to Diddly Squat Farm. In order to make more money, they invested in some chickens as a cheap way of fertilising the soil. They also bought a herd of cows, which they used for both breeding and as meat for their new restaurant. Jeremy praised his partner for embracing farm life and getting stuck in with the tough jobs. He said: "Nobody would ever call Lisa down to earth but if you had seen her yesterday. "It was absolutely sluicing it down, and blowing such a gale and my tractor, which is not small, was being buffeted by the winds. "The two of us were out, making this fence on the highest part of the bleakest, most wind-set part of the farm." Lisa has lived in Switzerland, Majorca and London, but she has found a new home at the farm. Clarkson's Farm season 2 is on Amazon Prime Video now. The series has been renewed for a third season.