Ashton Kutcher, 45, has struggled behind the scenes since his 2019 health scare. The Hollywood actor has been criticised for his recent red-carpet appearance due to his apparent "awkward" appearance with co-star Reese Witherspoon. However, while touching on this, Ashton admitted he struggles to hear on red carpets since suffering from a rare form of vasculitis. While appearing on the Chikcs in the Office podcast, Ashton explained: "I can't hear very well, I'm hard of hearing in one ear and I can only hear in the other. "I don't know who's yelling my name but I know there's a lot of people yelling, 'Reese! Ashton! Over here! Look this way!' "And at a certain point you're like, 'God this is really something. Look at the camera. Got it. Are we done? Awesome'." READ MORE: Fern Britton pines for former family life as she yearns to go back Vasculitis is an autoimmune disease that causes inflammation and narrowing of blood vessels, which restricts blood flow and can cause damage to the organs and tissue. Symptoms can include weakness in the hands and feet, abrupt hearing loss or temporary blindness in one or both eyes. Ashton opened up about his health scare on Paramount+ in a tearful conversation. He said: "I woke up one day and was having vision issues [and] could hardly see. "It knocked out my hearing, which threw off my equilibrium, my balance, and I couldn't walk." Ashton suffered from symptoms within the condition, such as temporary loss of sight, in addition to his hearing loss and others. He recalled: "There's a standard you become accustomed to in your life, like being able to see clearly. And then suddenly, you can't see." Ashton first started feeling symptoms three years ago, and eventually became aware of the condition, which resolves itself in most cases. DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz's ex gave her a list of areas to work on prior to split [INSIGHT] Christina Applegate 'didn't look like herself' after MS diagnosis [HEALTH] Harrison Ford addresses 'grumpy' interviews and 'disorder' claims [HOLLYWOOD] It took him a year in all to recover and has said on several occasions how "lucky" he feels to be alive. Caddyshack director and Ghostbusters actor Harold Ramis died in 2016 after a four-year battle with the disease at age 69. It can prove fatal due to the body's immune system attacking veins, arteries, and small capillaries. Despite all this, Ashton did not let the sickness keep him down and even ran in the New York City Marathon. He plans to live his new lease on life with his wife Mila Kunis and their two children, Dimitri, six, and Wyatt, right, by his side. In other news, Ashton has been criticised online for his apparent "distance" from Reese while promoting Your Place Or Mine. Speaking on the Chicks in the Office podcast, Ashton said it was Mila who first informed him of the controversy surrounding his "chemistry" with Reese. He said: "Here's the thing, okay. If I put my arm around her and was all friendly with her, I'd be having an affair with her, like that would be the rumour. "If I stand next to her and put my hands in my pockets, there's no chance that could be the rumour—the rumour is that we don't like each other."