A hapless father got an unfortunate tattoo inked on his leg days before his side lost the Carabao Cup Final. Kris Cook's inking reads "NUFC Cup winners" - with NUFC standing for Newcastle United - but Manchester United went onto beat The Magpies at Wembley on Sunday.  The 31-year-old man, from Cramlington, Northumberland says he has no regrets though, despite his family disliking the tattoo. In full, the tattoo reads: "Tell me ma me ma, NUFC Cup winners 26/02/23." Kris, who is dad to eight-year-old Honey, told Chronicle Live: "I got it done on Thursday last week. "I was booked in for a tattoo anyway and I said to my mates 'I might get it done'. "When I did get it done they were like 'Jesus Christ, what have you done?' "It was just for a laugh. Sometimes I forget I've had it done, it doesn't bother me. "I don't regret it. I'm not getting it covered up or anything like that.   Newcastle United lost 2-0 at Wembley Stadium in their first cup final since 1999. Two goals in seven first-half minutes secured Red Devils' first trophy since 2017. But Kris says the tattoo, despite being incorrect, is a comical reminder of the disappointing clash. "When people see it they just think it's funny," the father continued. "I will just keep getting the dates added underneath the next time we reach a final. I will probably do it before again." Kris said that he received mixed reactions from his family after showing them the new tattoo. He said: "My sister thinks it's hilarious, my mam was a bit livid. "My grandma is anti-tattoo. I was going to try and hide it but I can't really hide it. She's probably taken it the worst! "The same girl does all of my tattoos. She's from Sunderland so she probably enjoyed it that little bit more." The dad-of-one, who works as a sales person, travelled down to London for the weekend with friends. He said they celebrated and watched the match in a pub in the capital. He said: "I have supported Newcastle all of my life. "When it was down to 20 minutes before kick off I was like we're going to do it, it's in the bag! "I thought they were going to win but it wasn't meant to be. "I wouldn't say I'm gutted about the loss because it's just the start. "I'm feeling positive and proud of the team. I hope that in the future we can win something."