The weekly rate for the benefit is £21.80 for the eldest child and £14.45 a week for each additional child. The amount a person receives can vary depending on several factors. Experts at Income Tax have listed five possible reasons a person’s payment may be reduced or stopped altogether, and what a person can do about it. Claimants must inform HMRC of any changes to their personal situation as soon as possible as this can affect their entitlement. Some changes could mean a person receives more money. These changes may result in reduced or no Child Benefit for a claimant: READ MORE: 'A shambles!' Pensioner hit by state pension shortfall after National Insurance error  A person may see their claim reduced or stopped if they start receiving payment from their local council or if they get money from someone else who looks after the child. A claimant may also receive less Child Benefit if they claim other benefits due to the benefit cap, which limits how much total benefits an individual can receive. If the child starts receiving other benefits this will mean the Child Benefit will stop. This includes Employment and Support Allowance, income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income Support, tax credits and Universal Credit. READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver dispels common myth as she wins £1,050 in February draw Child Benefit is paid every four weeks on a Monday or Tuesday. There is also the option to get the money paid weekly for a single parent or for those who receive other benefits, such as Income Support. If a payment is due on a bank holiday, HMRC will make a partial or full payment earlier than usual. Those who get a partial payment will get the full payment by the expected date. Child Benefit will stop automatically on August 31 after the child turns 16 unless the claimant informs HMRC the child is continuing in full-time education or training. The claimant can also receive the benefit if the child is joining the armed forces or a Government-sponsored careers programme. If the child stays in education or training but then decides to leave, the claimant can still get Child Benefit until whichever of these dates after their 16th birthday is the earliest: Those who fail to update their details on time may still be able to get Child Benefit but their payments may arrive late.