Eamonn Holmes, 63, and Ruth Langsford, 62, put on a huge table display to honour a "family tradition" as they celebrated their son's milestone birthday. The pair are deeply attached to Jack, with Ruth once admitting to Woman & Home she felt as if her womb had been "ripped out" when it came time for him to leave the family home. On Monday, the Loose Women star shared the birthday celebrations with her one million Instagram followers, telling the world she'd had "a wonderful weekend". "Where did those years go?!!!" the presenter marvelled, before adding: "Had to do my birthday table of course….it’s family tradition!!" She shared footage of the expansive dinner table covered with gold stars and glitter, plus balloons marking her son's age. In one photo, she planted a kiss on her grinning son's cheek, declaring: "Never too old for a kiss from your Mummy!" READ NOW: Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' In a second snap, Eamonn joined the proceedings, as the pair posed alongside him and she quizzed: "21 already.... where did the time go?! Love you son." @hungrywomancooks replied, exclaiming: "My godson xxx bless him and the man that he has turned out to be - PROUD." Meanwhile, the post also had celebrity support, with Lizzie Cundy writing: "A very happy birthday, gorgeous Jack!" More than 11,000 followers offered their congratulations, commenting that the years seemed to be "flying by". "It sounds dramatic but for the next three days, I felt like I'd had my womb ripped out. It was physical pain," she added sadly. She also kept his bedroom door closed so that she could imagine he was in there, even when they were miles apart. Thankfully, she has adjusted now and is happy to see her son solely during the holidays. Although Eamonn has three other children from his previous marriage to ex-wife Gabrielle, Ruth only has one biological child, making the times when they reunite all the more special. Ruth rarely shares behind-the-scenes snaps of her son, although she did create the same style of celebratory table display for him when he turned 18, too. Meanwhile, from time to time, Eamonn can be seen on outings bonding with his son. They have attended multiple football events together, with the former This Morning star being a passionate fan of Manchester United. The pair have also been spotted on the red carpet together attending film premieres including Robbo (2021) and Yogi Bear (2011).