Fierce winds could reach more than 60 miles per hour tonight and overnight, according to the latest weather forecast. The newest WxCharts weather maps show the strongest gusts will lash northern Scotland on Friday. The weather will worsen overnight and, by Saturday morning, up to 10 centimetres of snow could blanket parts of Scotland. The intense wintry weather has prompted a yellow weather warning from the Met Office. The Met Office weather alert warned that snow and ice could spark travel disruption on Saturday morning. The warning, which is in place from 11pm Friday until 9am Saturday, states that journeys along railways and higher-level roads could be impacted by the snow and ice conditions. While northern England and Scotland bear the brunt of the cold, unsettled weather, southern and central parts of the country are expected to enjoy sunny, mild conditions. On Friday, temperatures in Pershore, Worcestershire reached 17.2C while Cambridge hit 16.6C. JUST IN: Lancs Police will be questioned over Nicola Bulley alcohol revelation  Meanwhile, the WXChart forecast suggests the snow could continue to cause chaos in Scotland into next week. As much as 20cm of snow could blanket central Scotland next Friday and Saturday. Temperatures are also expected to remain below freezing in Scotland for the week ahead, dropping as low as -5C by next weekend. The forecast also shows a light flurry of snow in parts of England, particularly in the northeast on Wednesday.  Longer-range forecasts show that the chilly weather could last well into March. Earlier this week, Adam Scaife, a long-range forecaster at the Met Office, warned that a sudden stratospheric warming (SSW) could prolong the winter weather. Mr Scaife said: “It’s one of the most dramatic events in the atmosphere and causes the winds to collapse." DON'T MISS: POLL – Should police step in over protests on royal visits? [POLL]Time SNP put Scotland’s people first rather than failed independence [COMMENT]After Sturgeon's emotional exit what next for SNP and the Indy dream [ANALYSIS]  He explained: “That is taking place now and it’s drawing in the colder air from Russia and Siberia. “It means the month of March is at greater risk of easterly winds and colder weather than it otherwise would be.” The SSW in February and March 2018 led to major snowstorms and sub-zero temperatures across the UK. This comes as Storm Otto - the first named storm to hit the UK since Franklin last February - gradually moves away from the UK today. Otto left thousands of homes in Scotland without power and led to travel disruption and school closures, while one man in his 50s was seriously injured by a fallen tree in Sheffield. 