Chinese President Xi Jinping has told his army to be ready to invade Taiwan by 2027 - but has doubts about Chinese chances as Russia has floundered in Ukraine, a US intel chief has claimed. CIA Director William Burns also warned that the West had to take Chinese threats over Taiwan "very seriously". Speaking to CBS' Face the Nation show on Sunday, Mr Burns said: "We do know, as has been made public, that President Xi has instructed the PLA, the Chinese military leadership, to be ready by 2027 to invade Taiwan, but that doesn’t mean that he’s decided to invade in 2027 or any other year as well. "I think our judgment at least is that President Xi and his military leadership have doubts today about whether they could accomplish that invasion." The intel chief also said he was confident that China was planning to supply Russia with weapons. He said: "We're confident that the Chinese leadership is considering the provision of lethal equipment. "We also don't see that a final decision has been made yet, and we don't see actual evidence of shipments of lethal equipment." Mr Burns gave his bombshell TV interview as tensions continued to flare between the US, China and Russia over Ukraine and infringements on US airspace. A suspected Chinese spy balloon was shot down on February 4 off the coast of South Carolina, sparking a war of words between Beijing and Washington. Chinese officials have repeatedly denied that the device was a spy balloon, and claim the US was just overreacting to a weather balloon. But the US has threatened to shoot down any similar Chinese devices that enter its airspace in the future as they continue to analyse the balloon. A Pentagon official's visit to Taiwan after the spy balloon saga prompted a similarly stark warning from Beijing. READ MORE: Lukashenko to jet to China after Zelensky's 'World War 3' warning  Chinese government spokesperson Zhu Fenglian told reporters any US attempt to help Taiwan is "doomed to failure". The spokesperson added that the Chinese Communist Party "resolutely opposes any official interaction and military collaboration" between the two countries. DON'T MISS:The free world is in danger as tyrants re-arm and threaten once more [INSIGHT]Harris and Biden ‘detached from reality’ says GOP [SPOTLIGHT]Plastic surgeon on Jill Biden's amazingly youthful looks age 71 [REVEAL] The island democracy has received numerous displays of official American support as China threatens invasion, claiming Taiwan as part of its territory. President Joe Biden has said that American forces would defend Taiwan if China tries to invade. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews /entertainment/music/1739840/elvis-Presley-childhood-home-Tupelo-Mississippi-latest-news-dxus