Police say they intend to speak to her parents, Buasa and Joomsri Seekanya. They also want to interview her husband, David Armitage, who also lives in Thailand. In 2019, he told the Sun he was not involved in the death of Lamduan. The cold case review is being led by retired chief detective Adam Harland, who has been working on the case for several years. Speaking to MailOnline, he said: “Despite the difficulties we have faced to progress the investigation in recent years, we remain determined to seek answers for Lamduan's family about the circumstances of her being found dead in a beautiful, but remote part of the Yorkshire Dales in September 2004. “It has been frustrating to have had to wait so long to be able to travel to Thailand. We are hoping to speak with all the members of her family, including her husband, to gather their evidence about her life and to offer what support we can with regards to their loss.” The police originally intended to travel to Thailand sooner, but were delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Mr Harland has asked people to avoid speculating about the case. He added: “'North Yorkshire Police is aware of the widespread interest in this investigation which strikes at the heart of issues surrounding violence against women and girls in the United Kingdom, in Thailand, and around the world. “To ensure that the investigation and the path of fair justice are not compromised, we strongly urge the media and people using social media to avoid damaging speculation about this case. “We are doing all we can to seek answers and secure justice for Lamduan's loved ones.” In the 15 years between Lamduan’s body being found and her name being identified, she became known as “the Lady of the Hills”. She was discovered at the scene wearing just socks and jeans and a ripped bra hanging off one of her arms. At the time, authorities tried to ascertain Lamduan’s identity, releasing an artist’s impression of her to the public. When no-one came forward, the local community paid for her funeral and laid her to rest. She was finally identified in 2019 when her parents saw an article about her death and contacted officers.