Philo (played by Orlando Bloom) and Vignette (Cara Delevingne) are finally back on screens this week with a second season of Carnival Row premiering on Prime Video on Friday. This highly anticipated follow-up will bring an end to the epic fantasy crime series, and Express.co.uk exclusively chatted with some key members of the cast about what to expect over the coming weeks. Series regulars Arty Froushan and Caroline Ford promised the second season will step things up for Carnival Row after nearly four years of waiting for the final season. The final outing will pick up after half-human human inspector Philo finally made his feelings for Vignette known and joined the ranks of the fae. However, a series of gruesome murders stokes more turmoil in the Burgue while Vignette plots to strike back against human leaders Jonah Breakspear (Froushan) and Sophie Longerbane (Ford). “We just can’t talk about this stuff without giving stuff away!” Froushan said of the show’s highly anticipated return. READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' “But there are some pretty gory, eye-popping moments. Which you’ll have to wait and see.” With a new mystery to solve and more monsters in the mix, Froushan confirmed new showrunner Erik Oleson stepped up to the plate with even more shocks and surprises for season two. “It’s in a similar vein to the first season, but a lot more ‘WTF’,” he teased to Express.co.uk. “What can we say that doesn’t spill the beans?” His co-star Ford replied: “That was a very good answer. But there are definitely twists and turns, some shocks to come, for sure, that people will not see coming.” Froushan added: “There’s new worlds and parts of the world that you’ve never seen. You discover new corners of the universe and new creatures and monsters to go with it.” “It’s incredible what they create,” Ford agreed. “There are a few scenes where you’re walking through the Row and you’re surrounded by creatures that they’ve made. “It’s all prosthetics and makeup and costumes. There’s so many beasts that they actually make.” However, Froushan did reveal there was some “tennis-ball acting” this time around, which probably refers to a larger CGI monster his co-stars Jay Ali and Jamie Harris have teased. DON'T MISS:African Queen’s Jada Pinkett Smith inspired by Willow for Netflix doc [INSIGHT]My 600lb Life’s Wess ‘transformed’ by dropping five jean sizes [LATEST]Chicago Fire’s Carver upsets fans with Kidd and Severide split fears [REACTION] “The audience is going to love the new monster,” Harris said. “The monster in season two is a whole different beast from season one. “He’s colourful, he’s beautiful. I don’t know about Jay, but I found him slightly seductive! I don’t know what it says about me but I loved it.” Ali laughed and added: “Obviously when we shoot it, we don’t know exactly what it’s going to look like. “It’s only where we saw a glimpse of some of the footage and saw what it was, I mean - it’s horrendous. “And it’s really scary, it really is. And Nick [Dudman], who you all know from his work in Harry Potter, was the monster creator and just did a phenomenal job. “When you see the brutality of how this monster kills, it’s shocking! When we do it it’s a guy holding a thing on a stick, but when you see it, it’s insane.” Fans were disappointed when Prime Video announced the second season of Carnival Row would be the last, but the cast are confident the series will deliver a satisfying albeit violent conclusion over the coming weeks. Carnival Row season 2 premieres Friday, February 17 on Amazon Prime Video.