Thiago Silva’s wife Belle has decided to make her thoughts on Chelsea manager Graham Potter public by liking a tweet that criticises the under-fire boss. The Blues were beaten 1-0 by Southampton over the weekend, prompting supporters to call for a change of face in the Stamford Bridge dugout. Potter was booed off of the pitch at the weekend and fans are putting pressure on the higher powers at Chelsea to part ways with the former Brighton boss, despite Todd Boehly’s reluctance to emulate Roman Abramovich and his no-nonsense approach to ownership. The ex-Swansea boss has a 29.4% win rate with the Blues and will need a drastic upturn in form to get fans back onside, with many feeling that he has bitten off more than he can chew in leaving Brighton for Chelsea. Reports have circulated that players do not share that view of supporters and sympathise with the size of the task Potter is faced with, though it does not appear that relatives of the stars hold the same opinions. Belle Silva has never shied away from being honest in the public eye, and she is certainly not won over by the credentials of Potter. On her Twitter account, followed by 138,000 people, she liked a tweet that read: “Can you ask Silva to our coach himself because we have a deadbeat, tacticless coach who doesn’t know what he is doing, doesn’t even understand this is Chelsea football club. He thinks he is still at Brighton.” Potter has insisted that he is not going anywhere though, retaining the confidence of Boehly and co due to the long-term view held by everyone and how it is felt that patience is required. The manager said: “I am not stupid or naive. My job is to keep going and keep helping and supporting the team and take that criticism. “You can only be yourself and try your best while being yourself. I get it that when you are losing that there’s always something you should do or change. I have always been this way and it has gotten me to this point but, at the same time, I know people want something different.” It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will cave under the pressure of supporters or stick to their guns and stand by Potter through thick and thin, knowing that a flurry of results will completely change the mood at Stamford Bridge.