Manchester United forward Mason Greenwood could face a potential issue should he return to Erik ten Hag’s squad following the club’s internal investigation. Greenwood was charged in October 2022 with one count of attempted rape, one count of controlling and coercive behaviour and one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm. All charges were dropped earlier this month by prosecutors and there is an ongoing internal investigation at United as they decide the 21-year-old’s future at Old Trafford. After the Crown Prosecution Service announced that all charges had been dropped against Greenwood, United released a statement outlining their next move. “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped,” the statement read. “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete." Whether Greenwood is reintroduced to the squad remains to be determined but if he is, he may struggle to get regular game time under Ten Hag. The one-cap England international usually operated on the right flank before his suspension in January 2022 but the club have splashed the cash in that area as of late. Ten Hag brought Antony with him from Ajax this summer for £85m and although the Brazilian has had a mixed start to life at Old Trafford, he has the trust of the Dutch boss and would unlikely be ousted by Greenwood anytime soon. The 21-year-old Englishman has also been away from first-team training for over a year and if he is integrated back into the fold, would need a significant conditioning period to compete in the Premier League. Jadon Sancho has recently returned after a period away from the club and also needed to get up to speed before making two substitute appearances and scoring in Wednesday’s 2-2 draw with Leeds. The former Borussia Dortmund star previously thrived on the right and would also pose a risk to Greenwood’s minutes. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag's furious blast at Fred vs Leeds speaks volumesLisandro Martinez scrapes boot on Bamford's head in unseen incidentMan City news LIVE - Chelsea star targeted, Man Utd comparison Greenwood also previously played as a central striker, a position that the club had considered strengthening as Cristiano Ronaldo’s contract was terminated before the World Cup and Wout Weghorst was signed on loan from Burnley as a short-term option. The Netherlands ace alongside Anthony Martial could both leave Old Trafford in the summer, but United’s plans to sign a striker at the end of the season have not been impacted by the news of Greenwood’s charges being dropped. Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen are thought to be the club’s top targets for a summer transfer as their priority is to sign a new striker for Ten Hag.