Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has admitted that he and his players have been paying attention to the latest developments regarding the takeover of the club. Friday was the 'soft deadline' for offers to buy the club from the Glazer family with bids from Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Qatar already confirmed. United were first put on the market in November after the Glazer family announced that it was 'commencing a process to explore strategic alternatives' for the club. Options ranging from bringing 'new investment into the club, a sale, or other transactions involving the company' were to be considered with interested parties invited to come forward. However, a full sale is thought to be the most likely outcome. The last week has been an important milestone in the potential takeover with the Raine Group, who are overseeing the sale, making last Friday their 'soft deadline' for initial bids. At this stage, it is still unclear just how many offers there have been but Ratcliffe INEOS group and another from Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani have been confirmed. Ten Hag has admitted that he and his players have been monitoring developments as they look to what the future could hold but was keen to stress that their full focus remained on their on-field performances. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd  Speaking to Sky Sports before the Premier League encounter with Leicester, the Dutchman said: "I think for the players, for the staff, for me of course, we are following the news. We are curious, about what will happen because we are committed to the club but it has nothing to do with us. "We have to focus on football. That is all that we have to do, we have to perform, we have to get the right results in and don't get distracted from things going around." Ten Hag's comments echoed what he had said on the takeover earlier in the week as he leaves the work to those at the very top of the club.  “We are following it," he said after the 2-2 draw with Barcelona. "It’s our club, but we are focusing on football, on training and our way of play, and games, we are focusing on that. “We are enjoying our togetherness at the moment. It’s really enjoyable to work and we’re focusing on games and we are in four competitions. Others in the club will have to make decisions and give efforts in the process, as it’s not up to us.” The Red Devils can go eight points clear in third if they were to beat Leicester at Old Trafford today as Ten Hag looks to solidify his side's grasp on the Champions League places.