The AA commissioned a survey of its members last September and found that 61 percent of UK road users had still not read the new rules. Another survey was carried out last month and surprisingly found that 60 percent of motorists still aren’t familiar with the Highway Code changes. And now, a serious injury lawyer has called for better awareness around the Highway Code changes. Richard Biggs, a serious injury lawyer at Irwin Mitchell, said: "From my own experience, I regularly see breaches of the new code by motorists, particularly with reference to protection of vulnerable road users which the code had attempted to address by establishing a ‘hierarchy’ of road users." The changes made to the Highway Code were aimed at protecting the most vulnerable on the road by establishing a hierarchy of users, starting with pedestrians, cyclists and horse riders. Mr Biggs added: "For example, where a pedestrian is waiting to cross at a junction then a motor vehicle has to give priority to that pedestrian. READ MORE: Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage "This would mean that a car waiting to turn left or right from a main road into a side road should in theory stop where a pedestrian was waiting to cross. "I've seen this so many times, however, over the course of the last year and motorists rarely stop." The updated code further established safe passing distances for drivers overtaking cyclists, motorcyclists and horse riders of 1.5 metres at speeds of 30 mph, or two metres at higher speeds. YouGov repeated the AA’s poll on the Highway Code changes last month and surprisingly found that 60 percent of motorists still aren’t familiar with the changes. DON'T MISS 10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW... [INSIGHT] Hybrid cars still have 'many benefits' over electric vehicles [REVEAL] Six winter driving laws that could see motorists face huge fines [WARNING] This shows that there has been "disappointingly very little change" in public knowledge since the AA survey, according to Mr Biggs. Even more concerning was that when YouGov surveyed more than 2,000 adults, and a quarter said they knew “nothing at all” about the amendments. Mr Biggs said: "Clearly all this indicates that there's a long way to go before the changes are embedded in the way that people behave on the roads. "Sadly I often represent clients who’ve suffered life-changing injuries or family members of those tragically killed as a result of collisions. READ MORE: Major new driving law changes launching in February 2023 "In both instances, those I represent are left traumatised by what’s happened and how their lives have changed through no fault of their own. "They require legal advice to either access the specialist rehabilitation and therapies they require to try and regain as much of their independence as possible or to access support they need to come to terms with their loss." Those who wish to test themselves on the current Highway Code rules can take an interactive quiz here. The Highway Code sets out information, advice, guides and mandatory rules for road users in the United Kingdom. Its objective is to promote road safety. The Highway Code applies to all road users including pedestrians, horse riders and cyclists, as well as motorcyclists and drivers. Many of the rules in the code are legal requirements, and if drivers disobey these rules they are committing a criminal offence. Motorists may be fined, given penalty points on their licence or be disqualified from driving. In the most serious cases, drivers may be sent to prison. Although failure to comply with the other rules of the code will not, in itself, cause a person to be prosecuted. The Highway Code may be used in evidence in any court proceedings under the Traffic Acts to establish liability. This includes rules which use advisory wording.