The three-part ninth, and final, series of Endeavour, the prequel to the long-running Inspector Morse series, is set to hit screens later this month. However, actor Shaun Evans who has played the titular Endeavour Morse since 2012, won’t be off screens for long. His next major TV role sees him lead the cast of a new true crime drama with the working title of Delia Balmer. Based on Balmer’s book Living with a Serial Killer the four-part series will examines the real-life story of how she survived a near-fatal relationship with murderer John Sweeney. The role sees Evans play Sweeney, who is currently serving a life sentence for murdering and decapitating his former girlfriends. He will appear alongside BAFTA winning Line of Duty and Motherland actress, Anna Maxwell Martin as Balmer. Sweeney committed his first crime over 30 years ago and has been described as one of the country's most horrific killers. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Balmer was working as an agency nurse when she met Sweeney in a London pub in 1991. She fell for the initially caring Sweeney, but he soon became violent and controlling, before confessing to killing his ex-girlfriend and dumping her body in an Amsterdam canal. Fearful she could be his next victim Balmer went to the police and Sweeney was arrested. However, he was granted bail after a court failure, which allowed him to pursue Balmer and subject her to a near-fatal attack for which he evaded capture.  Following the traumatic experience Balmer rebuilt her life. However, seven years later Sweeney was arrested for the murder of another girlfriend. Balmer bravely faced Sweeney in court, providing testimony for the prosecution. The story has been told before in various true crime documentaries and series including Channel 4’s Surviving a Serial Killer and Britain’s most Evil Serial Killers on Sky.  The character is quite a departure for Evans after over a decade playing Morse. Speaking of his new sinister role he said: "I'm looking forward to joining forces to tell this story. “A story that is quite rightly told through the victim's lens, Delia. “We have an excellent script…and I couldn't be more delighted to work with Anna." The final series of Endeavour begins airing on ITV on February 26th