Manchester City are set to reward Rico Lewis with a bumper new contract amid his rise to first-team stardom this season. Pep Guardiola is ready to show the 18-year-old starlet how highly he rates him, with a 400 per cent pay rise reportedly on the table to extend his Etihad Stadium stay. Lewis joined Man City as an eight-year-old, breaking into the senior frame this season 10 years on. The teenage ace has made 15 appearances this term, including eight in the Premier League, and scored on his Champions League debut against Sevilla in November. He has often started ahead of Kyle Walker and Joao Cancelo in recent months. The latter's January exit to Bayern Munich was an indicator of Guardiola's faith in Lewis as a quality option. And he's set to drill down that belief by endorsing him for a new, improved deal in east Manchester. According to the Star, Lewis will boost his wage from £5,000 per week to £25,000 in a five-year contract extension. READ MORE: Liverpool star Alisson takes aim at own teammates after dismal loss Guardiola considers Lewis a perfect fit for his playing style that has brought relentless success to City throughout his seven-year tenure. The Spaniard views his full-backs as wing-backs, bursting up and down the flank and operating in central areas when the ball is on the opposite side of the pitch. Lewis has fulfilled his requirements in an impressive fashion and is considered a future England international. He has represented the Three Lions at U19 level three times and will soon be eyeing a promotion into the U21s, if not further. DON'T MISS: Klopp refuses to talk to reporter after Wolves loss - 'You know why'  Cancelo was an indispensable member of Guardiola's squad not so long ago, but he doesn't seem to have a future at the Etihad. Bayern included a £60million option to buy in his loan contract, which could trigger his permanent departure this summer. If Lewis continues in the same vein, he poses as a ready-made replacement for the 28-year-old after an emergence that could be compared to Trent Alexander-Arnold's at Liverpool. City have a right-back for more than the next decade in Lewis, and his impending contract renewal is the next chapter of his promising career. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here