A woman living on a short residential street claims her neighbours had to fork out £90,000 after she took revenge because they selfishly park nine cars on the road. The homeowner says she took matters into her own hands when the neighbour parked two of the vehicles directly outside her property for an extended period despite having an empty driveway. She claims the drive isn't used because the neighbours believe leaving cars there is "tacky". The woman took to Reddit to tell how she took revenge by making a complaint to her local authority  - but not about the cars. She said that, when the neighbour built an extension on their home, allegedly without planning permission, she told the council she suspected some illegal residential building without a permit had happened on the street. This led to the neighbour having to demolish a building which, she said, had cost them around $100,000 (£90,000), the Mirror reports.  The woman's original Reddit post said: "My neighbours have nine cars total parked in the street. They always park two of those cars in front of my house and won't move them the whole week. "We have a regulation where we live that you can't leave your car parked for more than 48 hrs in the same spot. "My neighbours have a pretty big driveway where they can fit four cars, but it's always empty. They have told me they don't like to leave their driveway with cars because it looks tacky. "Over half the cars they have they don't even use them. They just use them to safe parking spots for themselves. "In 2021, I noticed they were building a second unit at the back of their main house. I noticed that they completed the house in under a month. This raised some red flags because it takes anywhere from 2-3 months with city inspections taking the majority of the time. "I submitted a ticket with my city through the app and advised them that there might be some illegal residential building without permit. I didn't think of it much until a year later. "I noticed my neighbours tearing down their second unit last week. Word got around our block that a city inspector was there making sure everything was being torn down. "Based on the materials and labour they put into their second unit I cost them over $100,000 (£90,000)," the woman added. Flocking to the post's comment section, one person wrote: "The driveway thing sounds stupid. Never thought of it being tacky to have cars parked in a driveway. Unless the cars are beaters." Someone else suggested the woman took one step further by "accidentally scattering bird seed around their parked cars every day".   