Emmerdale fans have been suspicious of Caleb Miligan (played by Will Ash) ever since he arrived in the village to reconnect with his family. The newcomer has certainly ruffled a few feathers and more recently, he has rubbed Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) up the wrong way. Will didn't like the way Caleb was making himself comfortable at Home Farm, but following Friday night's episode, it looks like Will owes his rival a favour. Caleb ended up covering for Will, telling an angry Kim Tate (Claire King) that it was his fault her horse Apollo escaped from the stable. When in fact, it was the newcomer who rescued the horse before Kim arrived back from her business trip. The pair had agreed to keep it a secret until Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) let slip what really happened. When Kim arrived home, it seemed she was ready for a row with Will, until Caleb intervened. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation "We have had the vet check Apollo over and he's absolutely fine," Will insisted. Kim argued back: "Well how do I know that's true? With you turning into a pathological liar while I've been away." "One small fib" Will continued. "To save you any unnecessary worry." Kim wasn't having any of it as she replied: "Trying to cover your own backs. You lied to me, albeit by omission." "It was only because I asked him to," Caleb chipped in taking the fall for Will. "It was my fault the horse got out and I asked him to cover it up. "He didn't want to keep it from you, but he knows how much this venture means to me. "Well to both of us. So it was more of a pragmatic omission." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILERS]Vera star admits 'I'll be waiting' as he speaks on series 13 future [INSIGHT]Pete Doherty's 'unrecognisable' appearance distracts The Last Leg fans [REACTION] He added: "Me and your husband, we are best mates now, so that's a positive." Following Friday's instalment, fans took to social media to share their thoughts on Caleb and Kim's storyline. While many think Caleb plans to take down Kim, others predict an affair will begin between the pair. "Caleb and Kim Im calling it #emmerdale," Twitter user @Bu71954521Tracy shared. Ryan Glendenning tweeted: "Kim is getting too close too soon with Caleb. He's not to be trusted #Emmerdale." Chris P added: "#Emmerdale now Will owes creepy Caleb a favour. "One day I'm gonna call on u to return that favour....." (sic) Jehan went on to ask: "what TF? why has Caleb taken the blame for the horse getting loose & why didn't Will tell Kim it was Cain? weird." (sic) "Oh, Caleb standing up for Will!?? Now there’s a change… what’s he up to tho? #Emmerdale," user quizzed @TwellyWatcher As user @Rosepetal98_ pointed out: "#Caleb will use this against #Will in the long run, the slippery toad! #Kim #Emmerdale." "Whats this Caleb dude up to......#emmerdale," @MickJohnPNEFC questioned. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.