Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward, both 58, recently undertook a royal tour to the Caribbean where they visited the Cayman Islands, the Turks and Caicos Islands, and the Bahamas. During the couple's trip to the Turks and Caicos Islands, they were invited to a reception at the governor's residence. At this event, the Countess wore a beautiful Roksanda "Luna" pleated woven midi dress which cost a whopping £1,295. This navy dress is described as having a "regular fit, round neckline, short sleeves, structured bow at the front, crepe texture, and a flared hem". Eagle-eyed royal fans may recognise this style of dress from another member of the Royal Family, who also happened to wear it on a royal tour. In 2022, Kate Middleton and Prince William flew to the Caribbean as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Queen Letizia: Royal shares ‘favourite exercise’  When the couple landed in Jamaica, the Princess of Wales stepped out of the plane wearing a Roksanda "Brigitte" short sleeve dress in the colour marigold. The definition of this dress says: "Made from crepe with silk lining, the Brigitte midi dress celebrates simplicity in an elegant take on the brand's signature architectural forms with a fitted waistline for a flattering silhouette." At the time, Kate's dress cost an outstanding £1,095, which is £200 less than Sophie's. The vibrant yellow was most certainly a nod to the Jamaican flag's colours. Similarly, the Turks and Caicos Islands flag has a navy blue background, which could explain Sophie's choice to wear a navy version of the dress.   Although the two dresses are not the exact same, they are almost identical with the short-capped sleeves and the fitted bow at the front. It is also noteworthy that both royal women decided to wear the same style of dress from the same brand during their individual royal tours of the Caribbean. Sophie paired her dress with her Jimmy Choo "Love 85" brown croc embossed pumps. The Countess began wearing these in March last year and has worn them many times since. READ MORE: Kate ‘steers away from coat dresses’ now like Crown Princess Mary  They are described as having: "Crocodile-embossed leather, pointed toe, stiletto heel, and a leather sole." Unfortunately, the shoes are no longer in stock, so it is unclear how much they cost at the time of purchase. To accessorise, the Countess wore her Halcyon Days "gold plated Maya Torque bracelet in pearl". These bracelets from Halcyon Days are described as: “The aquamarine and gold Halcyon Days Maya bangle will transport you to the Caribbean's calm blue waters."  Therefore, Sophie's bracelet was likely an homage to the place where she was visiting on tour. The description continued: "Ornament your wrist with Halcyon Days' Maya Torque bangle. Composed of exquisite 18-karat gold plating, the twisted design is unified with two polished pearls and lacquered accents. Expose from the cuff of a tailored blazer to capture the brand's rich British heritage." The brand Halcyon Days has a strong link to the Royal Family, as it is one of 14 businesses to hold the three royal warrants. Sophie has worn this bracelet for four years now. She began wearing the accessory in 2019 and has continued to do so. 