Disgraced R&B artist R Kelly has been given a 20-year jail sentence - however he will only serve one extra year behind bars. The Grammy Award-winning singer, 55, was found guilty in September of producing images of child abuse and enticing minors into sex.    He is already serving 30 years in jail after being sentenced on sex trafficking charges in June. The 20-year sentence imposed today by US District Judge Harry Leinenweber includes 19 years to be served concurrently alongside his existing term. This means he will spend just one additional year behind bars - but will remain in custody until his 80s. The jury convicted Kelly on six out of 13 counts after a four-week case in his hometown of Chicago, Illinois.  The singer, whose real name is Robert Sylvester Kelly, was found guilty on three counts of enticing minors for sex and three counts of producing child sexual imagery. Leinenweber not handing Kelly an effective life sentence in a win for his defence, who argued keeping the diabetic in jail until his 80s was excessive. Prosecutors argued his crimes against children justified it and two of Kelly's accusers asked the judge to punish him harshly. In a statement read aloud in court, a woman who testified under the pseudonym 'Jane' said she her hopes of enjoying fulfilling relationships had been ruined by Kelly. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'destroyed their value' as popularity falls to embarrassing low  “I have lost my dreams to Robert Kelly,” the statement said. “I will never get back what I lost to Robert Kelly. I have been permanently scarred by Robert.” The woman was a key witness for prosecutors during Kelly's trial as four of his convictions are linked to her. “When your virginity is taken by a paedophile at 14…your life is never your own," Jane's statement read. Another accuser, who used the pseudonym 'Nia', attended the hearing and addressed Kelly directly in court. DON'T MISS:Weather reporter stunned as blizzard hits major US city for first time in 30 years [INSIGHT]'Where is Melania?' Fans say 'we never see her' as Donald arrives solo at another event [SPOTLIGHT]Teacher facing sack after video of him making students bow to each other goes viral [REPORT]  Nia told the court Kelly would repeatedly pick at her for supposed faults while he abused her. “Now you are here…because there is something wrong with you,” she said. “No longer will you be able to harm children.” Kelly rose from poverty in Chicago to become one of the world’s biggest R&B stars with an estimated net worth of £88 million ($100 million). Known for his smash hit 'I Believe I Can Fly' and other tracks such as 'Bump n’ Grind', he became a household name, selling millions of albums. In presentencing filings, prosecutors described Kelly as “a serial sexual predator” who used his fame and wealth to reel in, sexually abuse and then discard star-struck fans. 