Emma Raducanu has signed up for a new mixed doubles event which is using an unusual format - with the seven-match tournament completed in one night. The 20-year-old will compete in the Eisenhower Cup alongside Cameron Norrie in the new format tournament The former US Open champion is looking to re-build her ranking points after dropping to world No.80 due to an injury-plagued 2022 and poor run of recent results. Raducanu has added the ATX Open in Texas, starting on February 27, to her schedule after being handed a wildcard for next month's Indian Wells Masters. The young Brit saw her Australian Open campaign derailed by an ankle injury she picked up in Auckland ahead of the tournament. Despite winning her first round match the force of world No.6 Coco Gauff was too strong in the second round resulting in Raducanu losing in straight sets. Ahead of the Indian Wells Masters she will partner fellow Brit Norrie in the one-night Eisenhower Cup tournament consisting of the Tie Break Tens format. The frenetic event sees no games or sets but matches decided by a single tie-break with the first team to reach 10 points and lead by a margin of two going through. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu warned of 'toxic' social media as Brit's lucrative brand deals addressed   Taking place at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden on Tuesday, March 7, there is a big prize on offer with a £166,480 winner takes all first prize. Seven pairs have been confirmed for the event with a further duo to be announced for the eight-team single elimination draw. The British partnership will come up against some formidable opposition with Australian Open women's winner Aryna Sabalenka pairing up with world No.8 Taylor Fritz. Women's world No.1 Iga Swiatek will also be in action alongside Hubert Hurkacz.  The highest ranked pair will be women's world No.3 Ons Jabeur who will partner men's world No.4 Casper Ruud. The all-American pair of Jessica Pegula and Tommy Paul will also join forces. Meanwhile, last month's Australian Open finalist Stefanos Tsitsipas will partner Maria Sakkari. The Indiana Wells Masters starts with first round matches on March 8. 