Global sensation Liam Neeson, 70, and Dame Helen Mirren, 77, briefly dated in the 1980s and have both been open about their harboured feelings ever since. Most recently, the Taken star branded his ex-girlfriend “something else” and a “remarkable woman”, following her confession that their love was simply “not meant to be”. Liam is set to appear in his 100th movie releasing in early March, but the actor can’t help but reminisce on his relationship with a Dame unlike any other. The Hollywood icons met while filming the hit film Excalibur in 1980, and swiftly fell in love according to the action star. They were ultimately together for just over four years and at a stage were reportedly living with each other before they split in 1985. However, the couple have kept in contact in the almost four decades since their break up, and have been open about their surviving love for each other. READ MORE: Gabby Logan addresses regret in marriage with husband Kenny as she admits: ‘We were naive’ Speaking to Entertainment Tonight Canada in a recent interview, Liam gushed over his ex-girlfriend, saying: “Helen is a remarkable woman, a remarkable actress.” The actor felt he was “so lucky” and “honoured to have spent three or four years with that lady.” He added: “She’s really something else.” In November last year, Dame Helen similarly fawned over Liam in an interview with AARP Magazine, saying: “I love him deeply to this day. He's such an amazing guy.”    However, the actress also declared: “We were not meant to be together in that way, but we loved each other very, very much.” For most of their relationship, Dame Helen and Liam were able to keep their love out of the public eye, although there were romance rumours when Excalibur released in 1981. In 2018, Graham Norton reunited the loving couple on his chat show, where Liam recalled falling in love at first sight. He shared: “I remember being on the set and standing with Ciaran Hinds as Helen walked towards us dressed in her full Morgan le Fay costume.  “We both went, ‘Oh, f**k’ and I was smitten. “I think Ciaran was too but I was very smitten.” Liam had done some preliminary research on the award-winning actress before coming to set and found out one particular habit of hers that came in quite handy for him. He recalled: “Before I met her and we worked together I had read somewhere that if she fancied a guy she would imitate his walk behind his back.  “I turned around one day and she was doing that to me.” Dame Helen admitted their relationship became very serious very quickly, even claiming: “We didn’t date, we lived together.” Following their amicable split, Liam got married to another English actress, Natasha Richardson in 1994 and the couple welcomed their son Daniel just two years later. Liam and Natasha remained married until the actress’ tragic death in 2009 and the Star Wars actor has not publicly been in a relationship since.