Phil Mickelson aimed some harsh remarks in the direction of Tiger Woods. The 52-year-old has been very active on Twitter over the last week as he responded to the idea of a team event, pitting the PGA Tour up against LIV Golf.  In a tweet posted by account' @flushingitgolf, a possible monumental team event was suggested and tipped to be 'the most watched golf event in history.' Mickelson latched onto the social media discussion, but insisted the idea would not be happening anytime soon due the 'domination' the LIV roster would inflict. “It sounds great, but we would dominate them so soundly and it would be over so quick that tv would have to fill an hour of dead time. That's why it's not happening at this time," he claimed. When fans called for Mickelson and Woods to be team captains, the three-time Masters champion aimed a savage dig at the 15-time major winner. "Tell him [Woods] he can use a cart,” the former world number two wrote, referencing Woods’ devastating injuries sustained in a car crash two years ago. JUST IN: Gareth Bale admits issue with Pebble Beach and compares iconic course to Bernabeu Woods has competed in just three events since the crash due to the affects of his injuries, with the American refusing to play on the PGA Tour with a cart, to aid his walking around the course. The pair have 136 titles between them and their battles formed arguably the biggest rivalry in golf, which peaked throughout the mid 2000s. Mickelson and Woods have fiercely advocated for their respective golf tours over the last year, and the intense rivalry between the PGA continues to rumble on. This week the PGA Tour introduced a new rule in its latest bid to deter golfers who haven't yet turned professional from joining the LIV Golf series. Stars who have defected to the LIV Golf series are already suspended from the PGA Tour and could also be prevented from playing in DP World Tour events, pending the outcome of an arbitration case. DON'T MISS But now those talented amateurs or college players who are recruited and then snubbed by the LIV Golf series now face being banned from competing on the PGA Tour for 12 months. According to the new rule which was introduced for the 2022-23 season, “any player who has participated in an unauthorised tournament is ineligible to compete in any event sanctioned by the PGA Tour for a period of one year.” The new rule applies to PGA Tour events as well as any qualifying events. 