WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from Red Rose Red Rose was first broadcast on BBC Three in 2022 but has now arrived globally on Netflix with audiences around the world binging the show. Playing out like a Black Mirror story, Red Rose follows a group of teenagers whose lives are rocked when a sinister app enters their life and changes it forever. Many viewers are keen to know how the story wrapped up and who didn’t make it at the end - here’s a look at the main plot points.  Jacob was the creator of Red Rose The finale of the eight-part teen drama series revealed the origins of the Red Rose app. But in a twist of fate, the app took on its own life and targeted the teens. Episode eight, titled The Gardener, started with teen Jacob Taylor (Charlie Hiscock) recording a video for posterity, saying he never thought he'd make an app for someone “so amazing”. The programme then cut to 10 months earlier at a prestigious private school, St Augustine’s, in Manchester. Jacob was talking about a girl called Alyssa Penrose (Robyn Cara), whom he liked but would never consider going out with someone like him. Jacob still wanted to try to win her over nonetheless. He was inspired by her to create an app, which was mainly made by him with some help from his friends in his coding forum. He sent Alyssa a link to the app, which she clicked on it and started sharing her information. The Gardener told him: "It won't be long before she's all yours." Jacob was finding out more and more about Alyssa via this instant messaging app. His friends were telling him to finally asking her out in real-life with the teen hesitant to make a move. Before long, they were starting to jeer him on. Jacob then took things past a line after he hacked CCTV in Alyssa’s house and he gained master access to all her devices. Jacob logged out, realising he’d crossed the line. But then decided to watch her privately before stopping himself again. Jacob told Alyssa his feelings for her Jacob told Alyssa he liked her but she didn’t reciprocate his feelings, which left him crushed. He left the chat and his friends but The Gardener asked if he wanted to talk privately without the others. The Gardener became admin to Red Rose The Gardener said he had ideas about making Red Rose better through a “few tweaks” to get it “back on track” but needed to be made an admin. He said he would help Jacob get together with Alyssa and try again. Red Rose was torturing Alyssa Two months later, Jacob was still cut up about his unrequited love and hoped to find love. Jacob spotted Alyssa looking scared at her phone and he saw a sinister message, which read: “Don’t turn me off again.” She ran off before he could speak to her. He later logged into Red Rose to see his friends were using technology to taunt Alyssa, turning the lights on and off in her house to scare her and torture her. Jacob tried to make his way to Alyssa’s house after he realised what his fellow coders were doing to try and save her. Red Rose killed Alyssa and Jacob When he turned up at her house, he saw Alyssa on the roof of the property with a hooded figure pushing her to her death. Jacob was shocked and told the coders he’d discover their identity and report them to the police. But The Gardner called Jacob and told him not to threaten him with the screen then cutting to a tombstone with the teen’s name engraved on it. A hooded figure left a red rose on Jacob’s coffin with the scene now set for the last act. Simon was a victim of Red Rose In the present, Wren (Amelia Clarkson) walked through a dark alleyway past some men, who applauded her. Red Rose had been sharing everything to the dark web, Jaya Mahajan (Ashna Rabheru) told her friends. She said people had come to Bolton, some of them were watching and some were playing Red Rose. Jaya was also trying to find The Gardener with the teen initially thinking it was Simon (Rob Hallett) but was he was revealed to be a victim too. She went on to tell them Red Rose had a site and records of Simon and others with cameras following them. Wren was being followed by Red Rose Noah Royston (Harry Reading) was approached in the hospital by a woman in an I Heart BLTN top, who was claiming to want to help him. In the end, she simply told him “Le Mans Crescent”, which led the teens to go and search for Wren. Jaya also found Wren on the cameras as the Red Rose followers simply watched the teen plunged into further danger as she was locked into a building. The people playing Red Rose were hoping Noah would take his own life if anything happened to Wren. Inside, the building a voice called out to Wren which sounded like her father’s voice, but it was trap to lure her into another room as she was locked in. The voice told Wren he was going to kill her and blamed the high school student for her friend Rochelle Mason’s (Isis Hainsworth) death. This voice said Wren would hurt him and he would do the same to her. She was then shown a video of Rochelle before she was killed and her final moments, which proved harrowing to Wren. A traumatised Wren was then allowed to leave the room and told to “go to the garden”. Meanwhile, he friends entered the tunnels under Bolton, only to be followed by the Red Rose players. Luckily, Jaya sent a message via Red Rose telling the players to stop or they’d be exposed. Her friends continued on to try to save her from The Gardener before he killed her. Back in the Garden, Wren refused to back down and knew Roch had been murdered and so wanted to get to the truth. She found her father Rick Bennett (Adam Nagatis) tied up in another room to a chair with the teen finally coming face to face with a man whom she thought was The Gardener. Her father told her to leave and stop talking to the man but she couldn’t. In a twist, Wren brought a knife to match The Gardener’s own weapon. The Gardener stabbed Nick just as Jaya deleted Red Rose and Wren took on The Gardener. Wren then beat The Gardener to death despite Nick’s protests. She saved her father but Nick told her to flee the scene as the sound to approaching sirens filled the air. Wren ran away from the building with her friends meeting with her outside and taking care of her. Jaya encountered the real Gardener As Jaya went to meet her friends, she met the woman (Harrie Hayes), who had seemingly given them the tip-off earlier and wore the I Heart BLTN T-shirt. The woman claimed to be The Gardener after seeing Wren’s “potential” and pushing to see if she would kill. Jaya disputed it, saying Wren would never killed but The Gardener queried this. When Jaya asked whether it was over, The Gardener shrugged and told her: “You can’t delete an idea.” Wren’s father was arrested for the murder by the police as he took the blame so she could walk free. The final scenes They all went to Roch’s grave to lay a rose for her and told her they loved her. The show cut to Tokyo, where it looked like Red Rose was still alive and well with another group of teens lured into downloading the app and the chaos beginning anew. Red Rose is streaming on Netflix now