Serena Williams has confessed that it’s “painful” thinking about the final match of her career as she discussed her retirement five months on. The 23-time Grand Slam champion hung up her racket at the US Open last year, losing in the third round to Ajla Tomljanovic and has now admitted that she was “not happy at all” the day after retiring. Williams ended her 27-year career at her home Grand Slam tournament last September, announcing that she would be “evolving away from tennis” in an essay for Vogue ahead of the US Open. Her retirement was postponed by a few days as she managed to win her first two matches - including a victory over second seed Anett Kontaveit - before she finally lost to Tomljanovic. But the former world No 1 has now admitted that she was left unhappy after retiring because of the result of the match, expecting a better performance despite playing her fourth tournament in a year after getting injured at Wimbledon in 2021. “I was actually not very happy at all, just because of the result,” the 41-year-old told Gayle King in a new CBS Morning interview. While Williams used the tournament for her farewell, she said her intention had actually been to win. “I was there to keep going and to keep winning, and it was more or less like, I can't believe I let that match go more than anything,” she added. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic to play US Open as Biden U-turns and Nadal gets wish   While the Open Era Grand Slam record-holder wasn’t satisfied with the result, she did say that the final match of her career was still “a great moment and a great memory” and said she didn’t feel as though she “left anything”. Williams still has tennis in her life though, as her Florida farm home has a private tennis court in the garden, with the 73-time title winner saying she sees herself out on the court when she looks at it. She added: “I see me training, I see me grinding.” DON'T MISSDjokovic 'misunderstood' as Nadal relationship compared to FedererDjokovic's Slam hopes analysed as pro slams GOAT debate with NadalDjokovic's ex-coach shoots down suspicions around Serb after Aus Open But it still doesn’t make the American want to return to the tour, as she explained: “I feel relief when I look at the court. I feel like I am so happy I don't have to train for two hours today.” Although the 41-year-old doesn’t feel that “pang” of sadness when she looks at the court, Williams admitted that looking at “just looking at old pictures and championships” was still painful. “That's when I feel different,” she said. “I've literally given my whole life to tennis. It's time for me to give my life to something else.” 