Camilla, the Queen Consort has been forced to cancel all her engagements this week after contracting coronavirus for a second time. Buckingham Palace said that Camilla, 75, cancelled all her planned visits with regret and sends her sincere apologies to those who had been due to attend them. It is understood that she remains in good spirits and is resting. This is the second time that the Queen Consort has come down with the virus, having previously suffered a bout in February last year. She has been fully vaccinated. A statement from Buckingham Palace said: "After suffering the symptoms of a cold, Her Majesty The Queen Consort has tested positive for the Covid virus."With regret, she has therefore cancelled all her public engagements for this week and sends her sincere apologies to those who had been due to attend them." Among the visits the Queen cancelled were two engagements in the West Midlands on Tuesday. She was due to visit Elmhurst Ballet School in Edgbaston to celebrate its centenary, followed by a library in Telford to thank staff and representatives from outreach and voluntary groups for their contribution to the community. READ MORE: Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others  Queen Camilla has a home in the West Midlands called Highgrove House in Gloucestershire, which she shares with King Charles. This is the home Queen Camilla is likely isolating in, given that she would be conducting engagements in the West Midlands area all week. What is it like inside? Often referred to as Charles and Camilla's family home’ the Georgian neo-classical house dates back to the 1780s. King Charles bought the home and grounds in 1980 for £865,000, just before his marriage to Princess Diana in 1981. This price in 1980 is equivalent in purchasing power to about £3.9million today.  Prior to the royal's arrival, the land belonged to Maurice Macmillan, a member of parliament, and the son of Prime Minister Harold Macmillan. The nine-bedroom, six-bathroom mansion is renowned for its beautiful décor and stunning gardens. In 1980, just before King Charles moved into the property, a photo of one of the living rooms was released. It revealed a floral sofa with matching curtains and several separate armchairs.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle poured heart out on Valentine's Day: 'If I had my way' There was also a wooden chest of drawers and coordinating side tables, as well as multiple floral desk lamps with white shades. At the same time, a photo of the dining room revealed a large table with space for six guests and more floral curtains. There were also two mounted candelabras and two framed photos on the walls. The gardens at Highgrove have been something of a passion project of King Charles' over the years.  "The garden at Highgrove really does spring from my heart and, strange as it may seem to some, creating it has been rather like a form of worship," the royal said in 1993. The home's gardens are open to visitors on certain dates throughout the year. Prior to the coronavirus pandemic, the gardens were regularly open for tours from April to October. The house, however, is always closed to the public, as it is a private residence of King Charles and Camilla, the Queen Consort.