Guenther Steiner has claimed the porpoising issues that plagued Lewis Hamilton last season are “done and dusted” within Formula One. The Haas boss admitted the bouncing issues which left teams baffled in 2022 should no longer be a problem this season. He stressed teams now know how to deal with the issues but suggested it is now up to constructors to ensure their cars are safe. Speaking to Express Sport, Steiner said: “I think it’s done and dusted. By saying that I mean we know ways around it. “If we want to make the car porpoise we can achieve it but we know now how to avoid it. There were solutions found how to avoid it and nobody looks for more downforce than anybody else.” Mercedes were most affected by porpoising last season in a blow to their title hopes. The issue came to a head at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix when Hamilton complained of severe back pain in Baku. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton set for difficult talks with Mercedes Silver Arrows boss Toto Wolff pushed team bosses to accept rule changes to combat the issue but faced opposition in Canada. This led to a heated debate between Wolff and Red Bull boss Christian Horner which was caught on Netflix's new season of their Drive to Survive series. The FIA eventually decided to make changes through a technical directive with teams forced to increase ride heights by 15mm for 2023. The updates appear to have worked with Wolff revealing the issue had been solved. When pushed on the problem on Friday, the Austrian explained: “The porpoising is gone essentially yeah.” Hamilton explained he was more “comfortable” in the W14 after the team's shakedown runs at Silverstone last week. DON'T MISSMercedes in 'unplanned' meeting with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell [INSIGHT]Lando Norris in F1 testing incident that almost led to Ferrari crash [ANALYSIS]George Russell rules out Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes hopes in Bahrain [COMMENT] However, Mercedes still appear on the back foot compared to Red Bull and Ferrari in Sakhir. Russell’s running came to an early end on Friday afternoon as the team suffered mechanical issues with 90 minutes remaining. The team later confirmed it was down to a hydraulics problem with engineers holding a team meeting after the chequered flag. Hamilton’s long runs were also affected after the seven-time champion was forced to pit after damage to his floor. Russell even accepted Mercedes were unlikely to be competitive at the first race of the season next weekend. He commented: “So I think realistically, it will be a stretch for next week. But there's no reason why eventually we can't get there at some point this year, and we've always seen the strength of Mercedes and their development rates. So yeah, definitely. My belief is that."