Express asked Angela Brown, host of the daily show and podcast Ask a House Cleaner, the best ways to remove limescale in your home. The irritating, hard deposit will quickly coat your bathroom if you don't do something about it. Angela said: "Limescale is a hard, chalky deposit formed when calcium and magnesium carbonates, as well as other minerals, are dissolved in hard water. It is often found on surfaces such as sinks, taps, and toilets and can be difficult to remove." The cleaner, who has over 25 years of experience running professional cleaning companies is a fan of Bar Keepers Friend Powder Cleanser. The product is cheap and can be used to tackle a number of greasy and grimy situations. The cleaner can be used on glass, stainless steel, bronze and aluminum to battle rust, grease, water spots and limescale, and Angela says it makes removing the latter "easy". She told Express: "Of course, you can use a limescale remover specifically designed for bathroom surfaces but it’s easy with a BKF paste." So how do you use it? Angela advised cleaners to "wet the area you are trying to clean, and then sprinkle enough Bar Keepers Friend powder to create a paste. READ MORE: Mum's Lysol shower cleaning routine 'works wonders' to remove yellow grime and mold  "While wearing gloves, finger paint the area with the limescale and leave it for two to five minutes. With a non-scratch scrub sponge, scrub the area with the limescale, rinse with clear water, and dry.” Bar Keeper's Friend can clean a number of everyday household surfaces, but it's important not to use it on some. BKF is too strong to be used on polished stone like marble, gold, or silver and painted or mirrored surfaces. Another method, Angela says, is to soak a cloth in vinegar and lay it over the limescale. Leave it overnight, then remove the material and scrub off the limescale. DON'T MISSBest way to prevent mold and mildew - cleaner's key product [INSIGHT] Mum's 'trick' will leave oven racks 'sparkling' [CLEANING] Interior expert's £1.50 solution gets rid of indoor mould [HOW TO]  Limescale is caused when hard water evaporates, leaving behind all the minerals in it, such as calcium. These form hard deposits that can be really stubborn to remove. One of the best ways to keep limescale from building up in your bathroom, on taps and showerheads, is to wipe down the surfaces after using them. Wipe them down with a cloth or a squeegee and make sure they are dry, so the mineral deposits cannot be left on the surfaces in the first place. Limescale can also build up in the toilet too, which can be difficult to keep on top of. White vinegar can be used to remove this limescale. Pour undiluted water into the toilet and allow it to sit there for three founds before scrubbing the limescale away and flushing the toilet.  Angela recently also discussed the best way to prevent mold and mildew in your home. The cleaner uses a key product to eradicate it. Angela said: "Mold in a shower that is contained can be removed with hydrogen peroxide and prevented by spraying the problem areas with hydrogen peroxide after each use of the shower or tub." Angela, founder of Savvy Cleaner Training for house cleaners and maids, recommended treating mold in after parts of the home even more seriously. She recommended: "If the mold is on the walls or ceiling, call a mold remediator immediately to test the air and identify the problem areas of the home. The longer you wait, the more damage it can do to your home and make it worth less money." 