Standing before the 600 plus MPs and more than 700 peers, the Ukraine President was effusive in his praise for Britain's help but he knew what he wanted drawing inspiration from King Charles. He said: "Your King is an airforce pilot, in my country the pilots are kings." With that came the gift to Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle of a signed air force pilot's helmet - from the man who has been most successful in fighting off Russian fighter jets. "We need fighter jets," he added pointedly. The message may have been for the UK but even more for other western powers with Rishi Sunak apparently considering getting Zelensky British fighter jets. Germany in particular was slow to give up its tanks to the cause last month and the Binden administration in the US has been reluctant to move beyond defensive equipment. In fact, the US effectively vetoed an attempt by the Poles last year to give Ukraine fighter jets which rankles still. Near the front of the audience was Boris Johnson who President Zelensky publicly thanked for "bringing the world together when it seemed impossibe". But perhaps that thanks was also for being the first western statesman to chide world leaders for not providing those jets needed to protect Ukrainian air space - a demand Mr Johnson repeated to the UK government after the speech. Ever the politician, Zelensky twice thanked Rishi Sunak for his continued support and it was noticeable that Sir Keir Starmer and Labour had called off political hostilities for the day even in PMQs to provide a united front on the war in Ukraine. The political ceasefire in Westminster was a stark contrast to the lack of a real one in Ukraine where lives are being lost by the hour in a brutal war. But in truth, there seemed to have been nothing Zelensky could not have asked for today such was the well-earned adulation for him. Few figures if any have inspired such awe and wonder in the Parliamentary estate. In its 907 years of history, Westminster Hall has witnessed its fair share of history including the trial of the King as well as addresses by monarchs, US Presidents and even a Pope. But few speakers addressing the two Houses of Parliament have engendered the same rush of excitement on the Parliamentary estate as the arrival of President Zelensky. The queues to get into Westminster Hall were lengthy even an hour before he was due to speak and the Parliamentary authorities in their wisdom decided not to fill out the echoing medieval hall with chairs, instead allowing hundreds of staff to cram in behind the 600 or so MPs and 700 plus peers. While not tall in stature, Zelensky cuts an heroic figure and the applause and cheers which greeted him as he strode in with Commons and Lords Speakers Sir Lindsay and Lord McFall just underlined that status. READ MORE: Zelensky pleads with MPs for jets for 'wings for freedom'  He and Commons Speaker Hoyle joked about sharing tea in the House two years ago when he was a guest in happier times. But the real business of the event - only Zelensky's second foreign trip since the Russian tanks rolled into Ukraine - came quickly to the serious point. There was the reference to Churchill and these islands' proud history of standing against tyranny. It appears Zelensky drew strength from his tour of the nearby Churchill war rooms. In Britain, Zelensky knows he has a country which shares his desire to thwart tyranny and stand in common cause against dictators. On his way out, Jacob Rees-Mogg who has seen his fair share of Parliamentary occasions and great speeches told Express.co.uk: "That was probably the most impressive speech I have ever witnessed in Westminster Hall. Zelensky is a very impressive man." DON'T MISS Putin 'desperate' for international clout as Lavrov travels to Mali [REVEAL] The consequences of the EU's Russian oil ban on pump prices laid bare [INSIGHT] POLL – Should BP and Shell face windfall tax after massive profits?  [REACT] 