Chelsea forward Joao Felix has spoken for the first time since his nightmare debut for the club. The Portugal international was sent off an hour into his first appearance and hasn't played since. Felix joined Chelsea on loan from Atletico Madrid in January. There was interest from Arsenal and Manchester United but the Blues sealed a six-month deal without the option to buy. He had a sprightly first half on his first appearance in English football against Fulham at Craven Cottage. He came close to scoring on a couple of occasions and Chelsea supporters were excited by his potential impact. But a late tackle on Kenny Tete saw him given his marching orders. That was almost a month ago and Felix has had to watch on from the sidelines since. READ MORE: Arsenal may already have the next Saka, Xhaka and Nketiah  Speaking for the first time on the incident, the 23-year-old insists he didn't let it affect him too much. Asked how he reacted, Felix told Spanish outlet AS: "Calmly. I was having a good game, but that's football. These things happen. "It's like missing a big chance or a penalty. You have to know how to deal with these things. The world did not end. "You get used to it. Of course, because it was my debut the red card was more significant, but I was calm because things were going well, and I'm confident in my ability." Felix looks set to return to the Chelsea squad for Saturday's trip to West Ham. Graham Potter's side have continued to struggle in front of goal, drawing 0-0 in their last two league matches, so Felix's return will be a welcome boost. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawMan Utd's Greenwood has problem even if club approve return to Ten Hag's teamChelsea boss Potter warned he needs to meet two targets to avoid sack  The versatile attacker has also opened up on his early relationship with Potter. He says the former Brighton boss is a "great coach" and he likes his style of play. Felix added: "One of the first days he called me into his locker room. We were talking about his game idea, the game idea he had thought for me. "He explained to me how the team plays, what they do. I really like that he interacted with me. He shows that he is a very good person and a great coach. "He likes to have the ball, control the game and attack. Of course, they can also defend when they have to defend, but they like to control the game and attack. I like that."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here