Marcus Wareing’s hit BBC show "Tales from a Kitchen Garden" will debut series two in the coming months. Cameras will return to the Masterchef judge's smallholding in his home county, East Sussex, giving viewers another glimpse into rural life. Express.co.uk takes a look at Marcus's impressive property ahead of the new season. While a release date is yet to be confirmed, the TV chef has revealed that season two of the programme will follow his journey as he settles into life in the countryside. According to his website, the season will see the culinary expert meet farmers, growers and producers from England’s southeast, as he roots himself more strongly in his local community. Despite previously living in London - the home of his contemporary Michelin-starred restaurant, Marcus and his wife Jane bought their East Sussex home six years ago. The pair made the move when their three teenage children started to attend boarding school in the area. READ MORE: ‘Go-to’ method to make bathroom tap limescale ‘disappear overnight’ Opening up his home to viewers in Tales of a Kitchen Garden, Marcus showed off the 65-acre smallholding and his beautiful home. The show is largely set in the garden and in a makeshift kitchen on the terrace. Here, the chef is fully equipped with wooden shelves to house a range of fresh and organic ingredients. Inside, the modern home is filled with rustic decor that features a spotless kitchen flooded with light through white French doors. Neutral grey cupboards, wooden floors and a large dark wooden kitchen table can be found in the social space where the couple enjoy their delicious homemade meals. DON'T MISS...John Torode enjoys working with wife Lisa as she's 'quite attractive' [REVEAL]Inside Kate and William's idyllic Norfolk retreat [PICTURES]Amanda Holden gives inside look into lavish £2.5k a night Dubai villa [INSIGHT] Through the glass panes, Marcus and his family enjoy uninterrupted views of the tranquil outdoor space. The neat garden attracts a range of wildlife which frequent the duck pond, 11 beehives and an orchard filled with crabapples. A large paddock can also be found on the property with a host of livestock living onsite. Chickens, sheep, ducks, cows and pigs are all kept by Marcus at his countryside home. READ MORE: Zara and Mike decorate their Cotswolds home with 'earthy' colours Since swapping his life in the city for a more slow-paced way of living, Marcus has shared how much he has changed. Speaking to The Telegraph, the Michelin-starred chef said: "I’m a totally different person here." Of course, dedicating so much time to their land comes with many rewards in the kitchen. And one thing the couple really enjoy is a home-cooked roast dinner on a Sunday. Remembering roast dinners from when he grew up in East Sussex, Marcus said: "I’ll never forget them, they’ve been there all my life. "But there were two things: the meat never had any blood in it, it was always overcooked; and the vegetables never had crunch, they were cooked until they were completely overcooked." Despite now living his dream as a reality, Marcus noted his surprise at being able to move back to the quiet county, noting that it wouldn't have been possible if his three children hadn't moved for school. While he produces a significant amount of produce for his own use, the famous chef shares out excess produce with locals or saves it for use in his London restaurant in the Berkeley Hotel.