Prince William fears his brother could attempt to "steal the limelight" at King Charles’ Coronation. Angela Levin, one of Prince Harry’s unofficial biographers, said the Prince of Wales is also tipped to be less welcoming of Harry receiving an invite to the Coronation.    The concerns come following Harry’s scathing attacks on his brother as well as unwanted revelations of their private life including allegations the Prince of Wales assaulted him in Kensington Palace. Writing for Sky News Australia, Ms Levin wrote: "He [William] feels Harry can’t be trusted, that he could deliberately steal the limelight at the coronation. "Or use private conversation for a future prosperous interview. READ MORE: Queen Victoria's funeral 'chaos' and instructions she left servants    "Who can blame him. "Knowing his brother won’t answer back, Harry has used his contemptable book Spare to tell the world that William was circumcised." William’s reluctance to see Harry at the coronation is said to differ from King Charles’ thoughts on the situation. Charles is said to have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury, who has announced his admiration for Meghan and Harry, to help negotiate a deal between the pair to encourage the disillusioned son to go to the event. Many of Harry’s critics, including Ms Levin, think he shouldn’t be invited at all. King Charles will be "weak and unconvincing" if he apologises to Meghan and Harry or invites them to his Coronation in May, she said. She added: "I believe the King will be a great monarch but he mustn’t give into Harry and Meghan’s demands, which will make him look weak and unconvincing.   "His image as well as his reign begins with the coronation, so he must leave Harry at home." Charles previously offered Harry an olive branch, which some viewed as a sign he is open to reconciliation after all the criticisms Harry has thrown at the Royal Family. This week, it was reported the King believes Meghan and Harry’s absence would be more of a distraction from the awe-inspiring ceremony than if they were there. The King has also offered Harry a "high profile seating position" as an incentive to go to the event, a source told the Mail On Sunday.   Ms Levin argued Charles’ openness to reconcile with Prince Harry is undeserved because of his disloyalty. The public is also divided on the issue of Harry’s attendance. A new poll by Ipsos Mori on behalf of the Evening Standard showed two thirds of people would like to see the Duke attend the Westminster Abbey ceremony. However, 30 percent disagree and think he should keep away following his criticisms of the Royal Family in his book Spare and in his public interviews.