Jill Biden has melted hearts this Valentine's Day as the First Lady has decorated the White House to celebrate this special holiday. Jill Biden has previously said that Valentine’s Day is “one of her favourite holidays”.    Early on Tuesday morning, Jill Biden began the day by spreading a message of love and kindness as a massive sign could be spotted outside the White House. The First Lady has installed a huge “Valentine to the country” on the North Lawn of the White House, which displayed three huge pink love hearts with a red border. In the middle, the largest heart had the message: “Reach Out with Open Hearts and Helping Hands this Valentine’s Day.” On either side of the massive heart, two smaller hearts featured red-and-blue children’s handprints of the children of military personnel from the child development centre at Fort Drum Army Base. The First Lady visited the institution last month as part of the Joining Forces project, which was first founded by the previous first lady Michelle Obama in order to support families of the United States Armed Forces. READ MORE: Nikki Haley's political views explained as Presidential bid launched Alongside the heart-shaped signs was a more personal touch from Jill Biden, as cutouts of the Biden family pets could be seen on display. One featured Commander, the Biden family’s German Shepard dog, and Willow, their cat. The White House lawn also hearted a separate heart-shaped cut-out inscribed with the verse Corinthians 13:13, which said: “Three things will last forever — faith, hope and love — and the greatest of these is love.” This seems to have been the theme for Jill Biden’s Valentine, as the words “hope”, “love” and “healing” can also be seen displayed on three large love hearts at the entrance point in the East Wing of the White house as well as at other parts of the White House lawn. DON'T MISS:UFO 'interfered with sensors' on jets before being shot down [REPORT]US 'not doing enough' to protect airspace amid balloon debacle [REVEAL]Biden faces calls to address spy balloons as Americans 'freak out' [INSIGHT] The East-wing also show the handprints of other children from local students from Aiton Elementary School in Washington who also made some “heart work” to be displayed. The student’s teacher, Alejandro Diasgranados, is Washington’s 2021 Teacher of the Year who Jill Biden has previously met at other Teacher of the Year events hosted at the White House. To thank the children for their effort, the First Lady invited the student to the White House on Valentine’s Day where she personally gave them a tour of the White Houses’ decorations. It was reported that the children cheered loudly as their school bus approached the White House and that Commander the dog barked at the communication as they entered the mansion. One little boy excitedly pointed at reporters and yelled out “that’s the paparazzi!” which prompted some laughter.    Once inside the White House, the children had a group photo taken and the First Lady surprised the children with some cookies. The students were asked to design more Valentine's Day hearts for the White House and chose words which reflected the First Lady’s values, which were then strung together and hung on windows at the White House. Reporters also snapped some photographs of a cheerful President Biden as he and Jill Biden walked the White House lawn on Valentine’s Day. It was reported that the President gave his well-wishes to reporters and also called out “happy Valentine’s Day!” as he appreciated the White House decorations. One reporter asked Jill Biden about a wrist corsage she wearing, to which the First Lady replied it had been a Valentine’s Day gift from her husband, President Biden.  