Matt Fitzpatrick has become the latest major winner to praise Gareth Bale's golf game ahead of his debut at the PGA Tour’s AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am. The former Real Madrid and Tottenham Hotspur winger is among the headline names featuring in the star-studded event, which sees 156 professionals and 156 amateurs play across three iconic courses - Pebble Beach Golf Links, Spyglass Hill Golf Course and Monterey Peninsula Country Club. The Welshman, who only announced his retirement from football in January, has been paired with former Korn Ferry Tour Championship winner Joseph Bramlett for the first three rounds in California. Fitzpatrick played nine holes with Bale - listed as having a handicap of two - on Wednesday, with the world No 10 quick to praise the golfing talent that the 33-year-old possesses. "It was really cool," the keen Sheffield United fan said about playing with Bale. He added: "First time I've officially met him. So that was obviously good to see him. Really, really enjoyed it. "Asking him questions about football and he's asking questions about golf and stuff. We had a really enjoyable front nine and there's not many better places to do it than around here." MUST READ: Gareth Bale leaves Jon Rahm amazed after PGA Tour announcement - 'That doesn't seem fair' Fitzpatrick is the latest major winner in as many weeks to partner Bale in the contest, following on from Jon Rahm doing the same ahead of last week's Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines. The Spaniard said at the time about Bale's game: "I told Gareth, you can't be so good at professional football and golf at the same time, it just doesn't seem fair! "Can't be dedicated to one thing and have this much talent for golf, it's not fair in the slightest. You can tell he loves this sport, he loves golf and he really wants to get to play a little bit more." When asked whether Bale was as good as Rahm suggested, Fitzpatrick concluded: "I don't know what Jon said but yeah, he [Bale] is obviously a good player. He has obviously got a lot of talent. Yeah, he was impressive." While celebrating Wales's qualification for Euro 2020 in 2019, Bale - a Real Madrid player at the time - was pictured clutching a Welsh flag emblazoned with the words: "Wales. Golf. Madrid. In that order." The forward called the flag "a good bit of fun" - but his critics were left far from amused. The stunt added fuel to the rumours that he favoured working on his handicap rather than talking tactics with his team-mates. Bale was struggling for minutes in the Spanish capital at the time having been shunned by then-manager Zinedine Zidane. Spanish media outlets slammed Bale for the move, with Marca hitting back with the front page headline: "Disrespectful. Wrong. Ungrateful. In that order."