Billionaire financier and investor Thomas H. Lee was found dead on Thursday morning after he shot himself in his office. Police sources said officers responded to a call at 767 Fifth Avenue, where Thomas H. Lee Capital, LLC is located, around 11:10am on February 24. Lee's family later confirmed he had died in a statement in which they expressed their sadness for losing someone "who always put others’ needs before his own." Family friend Michael Sitrick said: "The family is extremely saddened by Tom’s death. "While the world knew him as one of the pioneers in the private equity business and a successful businessman, we knew him as a devoted husband, father, grandfather, sibling, friend and philanthropist who always put others’ needs before his own." He added: "Our hearts are broken. We ask that our privacy be respected and that we be allowed to grieve." A source told the New York Post Lee was found dead in his office on the sixth floor of the building. JUST IN: US makes big threat as China urges Putin to END Ukraine war: ‘At your peril’  The family however has not yet confirmed the cause of death. The source said EMTs pronounced Lee dead at the scene and staff had been asked to stay away from the office's floor. The NYPD launched an investigation into his death and said the city's medical examiner's office will assess the cause and manner of death. A man working the front desk of Lee's office building said they had been told of an "emergency" but were not informed about his death. READ MORE: Bodycam footage shows moment man accused of killing journalist and 9-year-old is arrested Lee resigned from the company in 2006 and created Lee Equity Partners, where he served as chair until his death. The financier was married twice. He had two sons, Zach and Robbie, from his wedding to Barbara Fish Lee. Following their divorce in 1995, he remarried two years later to Ann Tenenbaum and had three more children – Jesse, Nathan and Rosalie. Lee was a close friend of former US President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews