The video, captured in the city of Sanliurfa, shows a building collapsing in a matter of seconds as the earthquake struck. So far, around 500 people have been killed across Syria and Turkey have been killed with 284 deaths reported in Turkey and 237 reported in Syria. According to experts, aftershocks from the quake could continue for days. Speaking to Al Jazeera: Professor Chris Elders said the aftershocks could continue for "several days, several weeks, maybe even several months".He added: "People will continue to feel the effects of the earthquake for some time in this area." READ MORE: UK 'ready to provide assistance' to Turkey and Syria after earthquake   In the aftermath of the earthquake, the international community has reached out with offers of assistance for both Syria and Turkey. Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said the UK “stands ready to provide assistance” to Turkey and Syria. On Twitter, Mr Cleverly wrote: “Tragic loss of life in the Türkiye and Syria earthquake. Our condolences go to the families of those who died and our thoughts are with the survivors.  The UK stands ready to provide assistance.” Turkish President Recept Tayyip Erdogan said: “We hope that we will get through this disaster as soon as possible with the least damage.” Mr Erdogan wrote on Twitter: “I convey my best wishes to all our citizens who were affected by the earthquake that occurred in Kahramanmaraş and was felt in many parts of our country. “All our relevant units are on alert under the coordination of AFAD.” The earthquake has also hit central Syria, resulting in a call for volunteers to help rescue people from the rubble.     One of the calls has come from the Syrian White Helmets humanitarian group. A spokesperson for the group said: “Many families are under the rubble. Our teams [are] trying to save them, to save all the people from under the rubble with all casualties but it’s a very difficult task for us. “We need help, we need the international community to do something to help us to support us. We need help from everyone to save our people.” Rescue and recovery operations continue in both Turkey and Syria.