Dr Kent left his job working at NHS Raigmore Hospital in Kent to treat wounded soldiers. He works with UK-Med, a leading partner in the British government’s emergency medical team, providing overseas assistance during natural disasters and wars. Currently, UK-Med has 32 expatriate and 64 Ukrainian medical personnel working in hospitals across Ukraine. The charity tries to bolster local medical personnel by training local staff. Dr Kent works alongside nurses Sophie Otieno and Alice McKain. READ MORE: Ben Wallace eyes NATO’s top job as he jets to Munich for crunch summit  He told the Times, he has never encountered anything like the Ukraine conflict. He said: “It was a visceral experience. Back then they were young recruits, not like the middle-aged ones we see now, so I walked into the ICU and saw 50 soldiers lying there on ventilators, hit in the head or chest, some also burnt by blast, most of them younger than my own two sons.” He added: “This has overwhelmed any previous experience I have had. In the British military maybe you’d receive three or four casualties from an incident, they would have the army’s full medical resources thrown at them. “But the British medical service would be overwhelmed, totally overwhelmed, by something like this, by a conflict on this scale.” Many of the soldiers Dr Hunt treats are men in their 40s, 50s, and 60s; and almost all have wounds that will lifechanging. Dr Kent said it wasn’t just the nature of the injuries that shocked him, but the number, describing how the wounded come in “batches”, meaning he rarely has time to get to know the casualities he’s treating. He said: “It’s a bit of a production line…we treat them, they leave quickly. But you can’t help wondering when you see these men, some in their 50s, essentially civilian fighters from a civilised society just like ours, who at home among one’s friends would step up and do the same?” Alongside the physical wounds, there are also fears about the long-term psychological impact of the injuries for the soldiers, the civilian population, and health personnel. DON'T MISS According to reports, the infection rates of AMR bacteria resistant to antibiotics is high, leaving the weakened soldiers vulnerable to deadly infections. There are several reasons for this; one of these is the lack of on-site testing lab for wound swabs at the hospital where the UK-Med team are based. Furthermore, such is the fast turnaround of wounded, soldiers are given a general antibiotic at the front, arrive the hospital the next day, and sent westwards immediately after. Without the medical system having awareness of what AMR infections they may carry, the ramifications for hospitals and patients could be devastating. 