Manchester United captain Harry Maguire did not solely pick up the Carabao Cup following his side's win over Newcastle on Sunday. It was agreed beforehand that Bruno Fernandes would share the responsibilities. United ended their six-year wait for silverware by beating Newcastle 2-0 at Wembley. Casemiro headed in the opener before Sven Botman turned into his own goal following a Marcus Rashford shot. The Magpies put everything into the second half to keep alive their hopes of winning a first domestic trophy since 1955. But it proved a task too far for Eddie Howe's side. United's victory saw jubilant celebrations in the stands and on the pitch. Erik ten Hag has ended the club's trophy drought at the first time of asking. READ MORE: Man Utd coach McCarthy played role in Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub  Maguire is the Red Devils' club captain and usually would pick up the trophy. However, the England defender has struggled for game time this season. He lost his place after the first few games of the campaign and has been unable to regain it on a regular basis. Maguire started just two games in the earlier rounds of the Carabao Cup and was only named on the substitutes bench at Wembley. He did come on in the 88th minute to help United see out the win. But Fernandes has worn the armband in his absence this season and was again named skipper from the start on Sunday. The pair jointly lifted the trophy as they both picked up silverware for the first time as United players, a decision Maguire had planned before the match. United's last trophy was the Europa League in 2017 when Jose Mourinho's side beat Ajax. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route  Ten Hag will be hoping this isn't the only piece of silverware he wins in his first season in English football. United are the only team with a chance of winning an unprecedented quadruple. They face West Ham in the fifth round of the FA Cup on Wednesday. United also overcame Barcelona in the Europa League play-off last week and will face Real Betis in the round of 16. Hopes of a first title since 2013 are not over either. United are third in the Premier League table, eight points behind leaders Arsenal. They are six points adrift of Manchester City in second but do have a game in hand over Pep Guardiola's side. United will enjoy Sunday's win but attention will soon turn to what else they can achieve in what could become United's best season in the last decade.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here