On Monday’s instalment of Four in a Bed, Channel 4 viewers welcomed a new group of B&B owners all trying to prove their establishments have the best value for money. In the most recent episode, the show took fans to the Mayfield Hotel in Sunderland. Kicking off the week's visits were friends and business partners Mia and Emmanuel who had only been in charge of the Mayfield Hotel for six months. Explaining they were doing some renovations throughout the property, including their kitchen, the B&B owners revealed there wasn’t a hot food option available for breakfast. Instead, they offered the group a continental with pastries, fruit salad and toast for an extra £10 on top of their £75 a night stay. However, sisters Sharon and Debbie were left less than impressed with the lack of hot food along with the utensils available at the breakfast spread the next morning.  READ MORE:Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis  One of the sisters asked if there were side plates for the toast as they both noticed no teaspoons available on the table either. In a cutaway, one of the women explained: “I understand they’re newly setting up, but I was quite disappointed.” At the breakfast table with the other contestants, the guests all complimented the food as they started to speak about the extra expense of having food included with their stay. One of the sisters commented: “I don’t think it’s worth £10, I think it’s nice. Is that value for money? For a continental breakfast, no. “For a full English-cooked breakfast, for me yes it would be.” As the majority agreed the breakfast price should be included in their overall stay, Heather questioned the two women on how they provide food at their own establishment.   The two sisters explained: “We work in partnership with a cafe across the road.” Heather asked: “So you’re not cooking it yourselves?” Revealing they’re not set up to an industrial kitchen, the sisters told the other contestants they’d have to go to the cafe to have their breakfast and not their hotel. Heather joked that the pressure is off of them as she told her co-partner off-screen she doesn’t think it’s acceptable they don’t cook. DON'T MISS... Dragons' Den backlash as fans slam 'stuck up' couple over Lidl swipe [VIDEO] Emmerdale's Sam Dingle dealt another devastating blow [SOAP] Call The Midwife fans fear for Nancy Corrigan after finale [REACTION]  As the sisters made comments on the breakfast at Mia and Emmanuel’s B&B, despite not providing it themselves, many viewers were quick to call them out. SarahStewart45 said: “How can you moan about what they are serving for breakfast when you don't even offer it!!” Msjenmac added: “If you don’t serve breakfast you can’t criticise you k***s!” CI5TonyRhodes commented: “So Debbie and Sharon complained about no side plates! But at their establishment, you have to leave it for breakfast! Erm people in glass houses!!”   Robpw2 tweeted: “Moaning about breakfast offering and they don’t serve it .. really grinds my gears.” DavidWa53158736 slammed: “So the sisters don't serve breakfast either... bulls*****rs!” While  LynnHartley7 added: “Saying it now, the 2 women are the game players.” (sic) Four in a Bed continues weekdays on Channel 4 from 5pm.  