In the past couple of months, Hope (played by Isabelle Flanagan) has been giving Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine) and Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) grief with her behaviour. However, things went too far when Beth Tinker (Lisa George) slapped Hope for lying about her dog Peanut biting her and killing her chinchilla, Cilla. Official Coronation Street spoilers have revealed Lisa is set to be exposed for her attack on Hope which could make her lose everything. A couple of weeks ago, Hope returned home from school visibly upset and accused Beth of slapping her around the face, leaving Fiz and Tyrone horrified. Fiz immediately confronted Beth who denied the accusations and claimed she would never do something like that. Their argument put a strain on Tyrone and Kirk's friendship, but the women decided to put their differences aside for their partners. However, when Hope found out the adults had decided to sweep the alleged incident under the carpet, she became furious and stormed out of the house. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Beth followed after her and apologised for hitting her, and in order to keep Hope quiet about what had happened she offered unlimited cuddling with Peanut. However, the youngster is known for her manipulative ways and managed to get some money from Beth to diffuse the situation. In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, Hope reveals to Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan) that Beth slapped her. She warns him not to bother grassing her up as nobody would believe her.  Sam’s shocked at the revelation and decides to tell Tyrone that Hope is telling the truth about the incident. How will Tyrone take the news that his daughter was telling the truth and they had allowed Beth to manipulate them? Is this the end of Tyrone and Kirk's longtime friendship? If Kirk finds out Beth did in fact hit Hope and lied about the incident to save herself, will he stay with her knowing what she did to his closest friends? DON'T MISS:Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [WATCH]There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson [LATEST]Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [INSIGHT] Hope is known for her need for constant attention, leaving her to do some questionable things. However, Coronation Street writer Ian McLeod has admitted things for Hope and her family will soon settle down into a calmer life. Appearing on Loose Women last week, he said: "She's certainly not going to continue going down such a troubled path, in the short to medium to long-term. "We thought, actually, we've done some very dark and twisted things with that character, and okay that'll still be part of her, but for the next 12 months, we're going to do normal pre-teen stuff. "We're going to be building a friendship with her and Sam [Blakeman], that will verge on a very innocent pre-teen romance a little bit and they try to navigate those waters. "Yes okay, it will always have a Hope twist on it because she's maybe wired a bit differently than most kids her age. "She won't necessarily get help, but we'll see a more down-to-earth grounded side of her. "Hope and Sam, we're taking as our benchmark 'PJ and Duncan'. What if we can take these kids that are, like, 10 and grow them for a decade into this incredibly rich friendship? "That's what we're hoping to do, obviously both of those actors are so talented that they might very well be off to Hollywood by the time they're 14. "But if we can keep them, we're trying to PJ and Duncan them up." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.