Mikel Arteta and his Arsenal coaching staff were reportedly 'annoyed' with Nuno Tavares' behaviour while he was in north London. The skilful full-back made a barnstorming start to his loan stint with Marseille this season, although things have turned turbulent in recent weeks. The Gunners took a gamble by signing Tavares from Benfica in 2021, by which point he only had 25 top-flight league games under his belt. The youngster was given plenty of football last term, making 28 appearances in all competitions, although his performances were sometimes erratic. With left-back Kieran Tierney establishing himself as a fan favourite at the Emirates and Oleksandr Zinchenko signed in the summer, Arteta took the decision to sanction Tavares' loan exit, with Marseille sealing the deal in July. The 23-year-old has been incredibly productive since, notching six league goals so far this campaign - more than Gabriel Jesus has managed for Arsenal. DON'T MISS: Man City boss Guardiola takes aim at Man Utd after Carabao Cup win  Tavares dazzles on the attack but still leaves plenty to be desired defensively, and despite his impressive numbers, Marseille boss Igor Tudor has seemingly grown frustrated with the Portuguese in recent weeks. Tudor desperately barked instructions from the touchline as Paris Saint-Germain romped to a 3-0 victory on Sunday, during which the French media described Tavares as 'lost'. The Marseille manager also had to lay down the law to the Arsenal loanee after a poor first half against Toulouse earlier this month. READ MORE...Potter faces Chelsea ultimatum as players 'angry' after Tottenham lossWeghorst spots 'something special' at Man Utd after Carabao Cup winMan Utd outcast Phil Jones makes feelings clear on quitting Such fluctuations between his best and worst form have been par for the course in Tavares' young career, while L'Equipe claim that Arteta and his coaching staff were 'often annoyed with his behaviour' before agreeing to loan him out at the end of last season. That frustration supposedly swayed the decision to allow Tavares to gain experience elsewhere, although the fact Arsenal decided against including a buy option suggests that the full-back may yet have a future in the Premier League.  The Gunners have had recent success in loaning youngsters to Marseille, with William Saliba earning a call-up to the French national team during his sparkling temporary stint at Stade Velodrome in 2021/22. Saliba returned to the Emirates as the finished article and started this season as arguably the finest centre-back in the Premier League. Marseille are now eight points behind PSG after Sunday's defeat, and Tudor's side have 13 league games remaining to claw back the deficit.