Former Arsenal star Paul Merson believes that Liverpool selling Sadio Mane to Bayern Munich has been their most costly error this season. The Reds are currently 10th in the Premier League and 12 points outside of the top four, looking like a shadow of their former selves. Performances have lacked the spark and confidence of a Jurgen Klopp team, prompting speculation that the manager is plotting a major overhaul over the summer. Failing to finish in the Champions League placings would certainly hinder the players that Liverpool are able to attract to Anfield, with several of their top targets competing at the very top level already – such as Jude Bellingham. Though Merson does not believe that a spending spree would be so much of a priority if the Reds retained the services of long-term servant Mane, rather than selling him to Bayern Munich. Speaking to Sky Sports, the pundit explained: “It was the worst £30m ever. Honestly, you’d have been better off keeping him for another year and letting him go for free. "He’d give enough to the club for him to go free, anyway, for them. 100% [he would have made a significant difference]. People have short memories." Mane scored 90 goals in 196 appearances for Liverpool over the course of seven years, being one of the Premier League’s top performers during that time. The Senegal international was a ‘big game player’ for Klopp’s side, having the ability to pick a game up by the scruff of the neck and win it for his team – and it is a player of that quality that Liverpool so dearly miss currently. The former Southampton star was not willing to pen a new deal with Liverpool prior to his sale, though losing out on a transfer fee was a risk worth taking in the eyes of Merson. It is not the first time that the pundit has claimed that Mane is the factor that has caused the Reds to crumble. Speaking earlier this month, he said: “I've been saying it from the start - selling Sadio Mane was a bad decision. “If he came up for sale again, they'd buy him back in an instant. He was a massive part of that team and he didn't get the credit he deserved. Liverpool sold one of their best players for hardly any money and it's coming back to bite them.” Mane has scored six and assisted three in 14 Bundesliga appearances, with an injury sustained in November preventing him from making more of an impact at the Allianz Arena.