A flesh-eating drug that causes rotting skin and sedative-like symptoms is devastating major cities across America. Xylazine - also known as 'tranq dope' - is widespread in the city of Philadelphia, where outreach workers say it is "too late" to avoid the devastating consequences. The substance is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use on animals but it is not safe for humans. Those who take the deadly drug suffer from a list of concerning health conditions, and those who overdose do not respond to the reversal treatment - naxolone. Tranq dope is also referred to as "zombie drug" because of its zombie-like effects on users including excessive sleepiness and respiratory depression - which cause users to appear highly sedated. Raw wounds can also develop on those who take it, which can become widespread over the body and if left untreated can turn into dead skin called eschar, which can result in the amputation of limbs. Health officials warn that xylazine has become a major problem in Philadelphia - where the drug first appeared - but it has now made its way into other major cities including San Fransisco and Los Angeles. A study published in the Journal of Analytical Toxicology in 2022 revealed that the deadly drug was found in 36 states across the US. In 2021, 90 percent of lab-tested dope samples in Philadelphia contained the drug, which has also been found in fentanyl and other illicit drugs. One user, Tracey McCann, 39, told the New York Times how she would "wake up in the morning crying" because her "arms were dying". READ MORE: NHS faces critical shortage of common drugs She explained that she was "sleeping on sidewalks" and "crying every night" when hooked on the drug. Someone next to her got shot. A man tried to rape her, but she defended herself with a box cutter. On the hot summer streets, she saw people whose tranq wounds were covered with fleas and maggots. Even so, she told the paper: “I could not pull myself away from that drug”. An outreach worker for Prevention Point Philadelphia told the paper: “It’s too late for Philly.    “Philly’s supply is saturated. If other places around the country have a choice to avoid it, they need to hear our story.” Another user of 'tranq dope' said the drug is "basically zombifying bodies". Sam, 28, told Sky News: "Until nine months ago, I never had wounds. Now, there are holes in my legs and feet.”  Health officials warn that dealers are using xylazine to cut fentanyl - which is 50 stronger than heroin - as it is cheap and enhances the high from fentanyl. 