Tottenham are keeping tabs on a host of goalkeeping options to come in as Hugo Lloris' 'long-term successor', according to reports. Lloris has been Tottenham's No 1 goalkeeper for over a decade now after joining the club back in 2012. But the Frenchman has come underfire this season for a number of errors in goal and, at 36 years old, Tottenham are now on the hunt for their next long-term goalkeeper. He was under scrutiny once again last month after fumbling Bukayo Saka's cross into his own net in the north London derby defeat to Arsenal. However, Lloris has also come to the rescue at times for Tottenham this season too, racking up seven clean sheets. He's been out injured and missed Tottenham's last thee matches in all competitions with a knee issue as Fraser Forster has stepped in to replace the 36-year-old. The former Celtic and Southampton shot-stopper doesn't appear to be a long-term solution to replace Lloris and the latter will be expected to take back his position in goal on his return from injury. But Lloris' future looks less certain beyond the summer transfer window with Spurs reportedly set to make a move for a new goalkeeper at the end of the season.  According to Football London, Spurs have been scouring the market for a new goalkeeper for several years now. Atletico Madrid's Jan Oblak is said to have been on Tottenham's radar, but it's indicated that Tottenham will look to sign a younger option. The report claims that Valencia's young goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili is one of the top targets on Tottenham's shortlist, despite his reported £88million release clause. But it's suggested that Valencia's financial difficulties, as well as the very real threat of relegation, would lead to a 'far lower valuation' this summer. Premier League goalkeepers David Raya, Robert Sanchez, Dean Henderson and Jordan Pickford are also reportedly options Tottenham have been looking at, although the latter recently signed a new deal with Everton. Raya has earned rave reviews for his performances in goal at Brentford this season and would count as a homegrown player, much like Brighton shot-stopper Sanchez.  Henderson will also be looking for a new club this summer with Manchester United looking to retain the services of David de Gea. The sixth man on Tottenham's list is arguably one of the most sought-after goalkeepers in Europe in Mike Maignan. The AC Milan star was name-checked by Lloris himself as the man to take over from him as France's new No 1. The 27-year-old kept a record 17 clean sheets last season as he helped the Italians win their first Serie A title in 11 years. Even more options are likely to be explored by Tottenham between now and the end of the season and it looks increasingly likely that a replacement for Lloris will be signed in the very near future. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.