Rishi Sunak has pledged to install a new asylum system which will have illegal migrants deported in "a matter of days or weeks". In a preview clip of his interview with Talk TV's Piers Morgan to mark his first 100 days in office, Mr Sunak also insisted that he will press ahead with the plan to send people who come in small boats across the Channel to Rwanda when the legal issues have been resolved with the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR).  The Prime Minister has come out fighting in a week where former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has boossted his own credentials for a possible comeback with a tour of the US in which he attacked Mr Sunak's policy on Ukraine. But Mr Sunak has acknowledged in his interview that the migrant crisis is crucial for his government's reelection. Mr Sunak said it was "ridiculous" that 30 percent of so-called asylum seekers had come from Albania and hailed his deal with that country's government to send people home. He also said his new deal with France meant that an increase in patrols had already impacted the numbers of migrants making the crossing over the Channel. He said: "The system that we need and I want to introduce is one where if you come here illegally you should be swiftly detained and then in a matter of days or weeks we will hear your claim not months and year.  "Then we will safely remove you somewhere else. "If we do that, that will break the cycle." He went on to say that "very soon we will introduce new laws which will deliver the system I explained." Asked if the Rwanda plan put on hold by the ECHR will go ahead, the clip showed the Prime Minister reply: "Yes!" The interview has come at the end of another challenging week for the Prime Minister whose party still lag behind Labour by 20 points in the polls. Mr Sunak is also expected to address ongoing issues over former party chairman Nadhim Zahawi who he sacked following an independent investigation into why he had to pay HMRC £4.8 million in unpaid taxes and penalties. READ MORE: Sunak is King of Commons sparring ring as Starmer knocks himself out 