WARNING: This article contains spoilers from  Death in Paradise.Death in Paradise is coming to an end for another season with just a couple of episodes left to air. The BBC comedy-drama left fans worried for DI Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) last week as he was unexpectedly arrested on the suspicion of murder. But his team and some other familiar faces are working hard to prove the detective's innocence. Among those who will be returning for the penultimate season 12 episode of Death in Paradise is DC Andrew Buckley. He is portrayed by actor Kent Riley who was born in April 1984, Liverpool, Merseyside, which makes him 38 years old. Riley doesn't spend too much time on social media so it isn't known how he celebrated the occasion last year. He is just a few years younger than the BBC drama's leading man. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore Neville actor Ralf Little is 43 years old, whereas Naomi Thomas star Shantol Jackson is 30 and Marlon Pryce's Tahj Miles is the baby of the group as he is in his 20s. The eldest woman on set is Elizabeth Bourgine, who plays Catherine Bordey, at 65 years old, while the oldest overall is Commissioner star Don Warrington at 71. Even though Riley isn't a regular star of Death in Paradise, he will be recognisable to soap fans. For six years, the actor was behind Zak Ramsey in Channel 4 series Hollyoaks. Zak was a popular character but producer Paul Marquess announced at the time that he wanted to make room for new characters, leading to Riley's exit. His character's brother died and Zak wasn't coping, taking out his anger on Tariq (Rudi Dharmalingam) by attacking him. Zak apologised and Tariq said he wouldn't report him to the police, aware he was still grieving. Instead, the Scouser decided to start afresh, leaving the village for London with his best friend Kris Fisher (Gerard McCarthy). DON'T MISS...Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [EXIT]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles addresses Neville Parker's future [CAST]Emmerdale's Ethan Anderson and Marcus Dean in trouble after revelation [SPOILER] Since leaving his days at Hollyoaks behind, Riley has had a number of minor roles in other popular shows. He has featured in Brief Encounters, Little Boy Blue, Coronation Street, Doctors, Intergalactic, The Tower and Tin Star. Most recently, Riley played a character called Stan in Stephen Graham's The Walk-In. After his previous appearance in Death in Paradise, fans are suspicious he could have something to do with Neville getting arrested. After having a few drinks in episode three, Andrew rang Neville and told him that he had something important to say but hung up. When they spoke the following day, Andrew shrugged it off as nothing but it was revealed he had lied about being in the UK as he had arrived in Saint Marie. But why has Andrew flown all the way to the stunning island and what is he keeping from his ex-colleague? Death in Paradise season 12 continues every Friday at 8pm on BBC One.