Former detective Mark Williams-Thomas, who has been closely following the search for Nicola Bulley, claims it is not impossible that the missing woman simply "walked away" from her old life. The missing mum-of-two has now not been seen in nearly three weeks after she vanished while walking her dog in St Michael's on Wyre in Lancashire on Friday, January 27. Speaking to the Mirror, Mr Williams-Thomas said his own private investigations on the ground have convinced him that Ms Bulley could have easily have left the scene alive. Lancashire Police have repeatedly said they are still working on the theory that the 45-year-old woman went into the River Wyre. Despite an exhaustive search of the river and the nearby area, no trace of Ms Bulley has been found. However, the popular TV investigator said he believes that Ms Bulley could have left the water down the stream. He said: "If Nicola returned on the path she came on there's no CCTV. "When police say they don't believe she left the area there's no certainty in that." JUST IN: Dog walker tells of moment he found Nicola Bulley's phone on bench  He continued: "She could have left on the same route she came on. "I've walked the route and she could easily have disappeared up there without being seen by anybody. "I think she left this area in one way or another. "She either left the area further downstream in the water - not at the bench but further downstream where the river is tidal.   "Or she is still in this area having moved away to move on with life." The leading investigative journalist and former police officer ruled out third-party involvement and cast doubt on claims she was still in the river. He said: "Her body would have had to go around two bends in the river and an area in the middle of the river with undergrowth. "And also it would have had to get over the weir and then across rocks and round a bend of 90 degrees. "Had she got passed the weir, chances are the tides would have brought the body back."  DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley’s last text messages show she was not in crisis [INSIGHT]Dog walker tells of moment he found Nicola Bulley's phone on bench [INTERVIEW]Women 'let down' after police said Nicola Bulley had 'perimenopause' [REACTION]  This comes after Lancashire Police sparked controversy on Wednesday when they revealed the 45-year-old had been struggling with alcohol issues relating to the menopause. Following the disclosure, the force said it would conduct an internal review into their investigation, which would be conducted by Head of Crime Pauline Stables. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said he was "concerned that private information was put into the public domain" by police investigating the disappearance of Nicola Bulley. 