Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko is to visit China for a state visit as fears grow that Chinese leader Xi Jinping will supply Russia with weapons. China's foreign ministry said in a statement today that the country's Foreign Minister Qin Gang told his counterpart in Belarus, Sergei Aleinik, that Beijing is willing to work with Minsk to strengthen political trust between the two countries.  Security and defence analyst Professor Michael Clarke told Sky News: "I'm not sure there's much [Lukashenko] can say to the Chinese that will be of any interest to them to be honest. But, I mean, this is an expression of the fact that China relates not just to Russia, but to Belarus. "Lukashenko is the only member of the Commonwealth of Independent States - that's the Russian's group of states - he's the only one that will deal with Putin. The other states - Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgystan, Kazakhstan - they won't help at all." He added: "Having Lukashenko go to Beijing gives the Chinese a sort of cover that they're dealing with the region. They're dealing with Russia and Belarus, two separate states with a different view of what's going on. "But actually, if he's the best you can send, it shows Putin doesn't have too many allies."   News of the three-day state visit comes after China outlined a set of ceasefire proposals aimed at halting the fighting in Ukraine. Beijing called for a ceasefire and peace talks between Kyiv and Moscow in a vaguely worded proposal released on Friday. Analysts have said it is unlikely to deliver results. China claims to have a neutral stance over the war, but has also said it has a "no limits friendship" with Russia. Beijing has refused to criticise Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine or even refer to it as an invasion. It has accused the West of provoking the conflict and "fanning the flames" by providing Ukraine with defensive arms.  British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has warned China not to support Putin's "brutal and illegal" war in Ukraine. His warning came after US intelligence suggested Beijing was mulling supplying arms to Russia. Beijing denied the claim. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky said last week that he feared such a move from China would lead to a world war. Mr Zelensky gave qualified support on Friday for China’s ceasfire pronouncement, saying Beijing’s interest is "not bad" and might be useful in isolating Russia. He told a press conference: "Our task is to gather everyone to isolate the one. "China has shown its thoughts. I believe that the factChina started talking about Ukraine is not bad, but the question is what follows the words. The question is in the steps and where they will lead to." READ ABOUT AN EARTHQUAKE IN WALES   Russia’s Foreign Ministry welcomed the Chinese peace plan, saying it remains open to political and diplomatic efforts. Meanwhile, G7 leaders adopted a set of extra sanctions against Russia at an online summit on Friday to mark the one-year anniversary of the start of the invasion. The leaders renewed their commitment to "intensifying" their "diplomatic, financial and military support for Ukraine, to increasing the costs to Russia and those supporting its war effort,” and countering the negative impact on the rest of the world, especially the most vulnerable people, they said in a statement, according to the Japanese Foreign Ministry. The G7 countries also affirmed their coordinated action to "further counter Russia's capacity to wage its illegal aggression" and pledged to prevent Moscow from obtaining military equipment and technology. They also called on other countries to stop providing military support to Russia.  DON'T MISS: Video captures 6-foot-6 schoolboy beating teacher unconscious [REVEALED] Mapped - The US troops on high alert in bases near Russia and China [LATEST] Missing teen found dead, tied up in shopping cart [REPORT] It comes as German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in New Delhi on Saturday. He is expected to discuss the Ukraine war with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as well as ways to boost bilateral economic cooperation. Mr Scholz told reporters after he was received by Mr Modi at the president's palace: "We will discuss intensely all topics relevant for the development of our countries but also the peace in the world, which is important." The trip is the German leader's first official visit to India, although it is his fourth meeting with Mr Modi since taking office in 2021. The German chancellor is expected to seek India’s support for the tough stance taken by the UK, Europe Union and US towards Russia over the conflict.  Mr Scholz said before leaving Berlin for India that leaders are endeavoring to make clear Russia stands alone in the world with its aggression against Ukraine. He said: "I will advocate once again there (New Delhi) for our stance, our point of view on this conflict." Mr Modi has refrained from making any public criticism of Russia for its invasion of Ukraine as Moscow is a major arms supplier and also provides India with oil and other economic needs. Mr Scholz told The Times of India: "There is huge potential for intensified cooperation, in sectors such as renewables, hydrogen, mobility, pharma and digital economy."  Mr Scholz is also expected to press for progress toward India-EU free trade and investment protection agreements. Berlin has been pushing to diversify its economic relations as European countries try to decouple from China, according to a German official who spoke on condition of anonymity as he was not authorised to talk to reporters. In May last year, Germany and India signed a series of bilateral agreements focused on sustainable development under which India will receive £8.8billion ($10.5bn) in aid by 2030 to boost the use of clean energy. Some agreements are expected to be signed on Saturday though details were not immediately available. The two-day visit will also take Mr Scholz to India’s information technology hub, Bengaluru, on Sunday. 