Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes has summed up the positive mood at the club right now ahead of Sunday’s showdown with Leeds. The Red Devils were held to a 2-2 draw by the same opponents on Wednesday evening. However, the weekend’s clash at Elland Road offers them the chance to make amends. United were poor against Leeds for the most part and found themselves 2-0 down after a strike from Wilfried Gnonto and Raphael Varane own goal. However, in the closing stages, the Red Devils came roaring back. Marcus Rashford’s header gave United hope, with Jadon Sancho then netting to earn his side a point. It was a stirring fightback from Erik ten Hag’s side, who would likely have lost a match in the same circumstances under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. United are a more unified team nowadays, however. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford And Fernandes, speaking after the game, has admitted he’s confident United will be able to group together and put Leeds to the sword on Sunday. "Nah, I'm not really worried, obviously,” he said when quizzed about a possible hostile atmosphere at Elland Road. "With this team, with the character that we have in this team, the passion, the desire, the togetherness we have, we're not afraid to go anywhere to play against whatever opponent it is. "I know that I will be in good hands with all of them. "I know what this team will give, it will fight back, will give all the best and will not be afraid to play whatever is the pitch, the stadium or the team." DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The United star was also delighted to see Sancho score. It’s been a difficult season for the England international, who has previously spent time away from the squad to work on his mental and physical health. But Fernandes was happy with Sancho’s impact and thinks the 22-year-old can make a big contribution between now and the end of the campaign. He added: "It's important for everyone, because we want as many players as possible available for the team. "Jadon is getting back, he's getting his minutes and now he's got his goal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "It will hopefully be a big boost for us and for him for the rest of the season, because we need everyone at their best. "We know what Jadon can bring to the team. We know his qualities, what he can give to us, so we're really happy to have him back on the team. "Because, as you saw against Leeds, he can make a big difference whenever he is playing from the first 11, or coming off the bench." Ten Hag, meanwhile, revealed he was ‘proud’ of Sancho for the way he’s played since returning to action. "It was a difficult period but he fought himself out [it],” he said. “He needs credit for that and I'm pleased, I'm proud he did it. "I will back him, the coaches are backing him, the team is backing him and supporting him in this process. But finally, he has to do it by himself. "You can see when he's in a good level he is an outstanding football player, he's brilliant. “He can make the difference and I hope he can stay in this mood and contribute to this team and score a lot of goals and create chances and assists."