An ecstatic Khabib Nurmagomedov called his protege Islam Makhachev after successfully defending his UFC lightweight title against Alexander Volkanovski. Makhachev moves to No 1 in the promotional pound-for-pound rankings having beaten the previous table topper. Khabib was absent from Makhachev’s corner on the night due to family commitments, but it didn’t seem to phase the 155lb champion who has had to fight without the MMA legend before. “I understand him, because he was retired, but he still travelled a lot with the whole team,” Makhachev told Fox Sports Australia when asked about his coach’s absence. “And when somebody has a fight, he goes to the training camp, went to the other things. And when you retire, you want to spend time with your family. For example, 2022 he spent just two months at home with his family, but all the other time he travelled a lot. That’s why he wants to spend more time with his family.” “I fought a couple of times without him in my corner,” Makhachev added. “He gave me good support for this fight. We talked about this fight. He gave me the plan. I have to fight, that’s why we will see. “Every fighter wants to be pound-for-pound (No. 1), not just champion. I am champion right now, but I have new goal, new target. I want to be pound-for-pound king, because this is, I think, a dream for all fighters. When you’re pound-for-pound world champion, this means a lot.” Post-fight Khabib called up Makhachev to congratulate him with a big grin on his face. The conversation was spoken in their native tongue but at the start of the call, Khabib could audibly be heard referring to his student as the “pound-for-pound king” - a status he also held before his retirement in 2020. Since stepping away from the sport, Khabib had invested most of his time into coaching, working with a number of promising Russian fighters at the esteemed American Kickboxing Academy in San Jose, California. However, with such little time spent with his family over the years, The Eagle is taking a break in order to be with them. Alongside Makhachev, he trains Zubaira Tukhugov, cousins Abubakar Nurmagomedov, Umar Nurmagomedov, Usman Nurmagomedov, and Belal Muhammad just to name a few.