The second half of 1923’s first season finally returned on Sunday night, with millions of fans tuning in for more drama with the Duttons. In the latest outing for the hit Yellowstone prequel, Spencer Dutton (played by Brandon Sklenar) and his new fiancée Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer) made it to Mombasa but were having trouble finding passage to the States. Paramount+ viewers are now concerned she could be left behind or possibly suffer an even more tragic fate. Alexandra may not make it back to the States with Spencer as concern continues to grow amongst the Yellowstone fanbase. In the latest episode, Ghost of Zebrina, Spencer and Alexandra manage to board a tugboat to traverse the ocean back to America before they collide with a huge freighter. Previews for the coming episodes seem to confirm Jacob (Harrison Ford) and Cara Dutton’s (Helen Mirren) nephew manages to get rescued and hopefully makes it back to Montana. However, fan-favourite Alexandra is nowhere to be seen, leading to rampant speculation about her fate by the end of the series. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' On Reddit, u/rascolani speculated: “This teaser also has Spencer talking to a captain, so assuming he gets picked up. “We don't see Alex though. Did we see them at a restaurant in the sun overlooking the ocean before? Or is that new?” Several other fans were concerned about Alexandra’s fate, and were terrified one of the best new characters in the Yellowstone universe could be killed off after just five episodes. Once the episode had aired, u/blondielox2002 posted: “I have developed the biggest girl crush on Alexandra and I love her dynamic with Spencer.” “If anything bad happens to either of them I will DIE. They better not be making us love her to take her away.” Below the post, u/Inner-Mango-2389 commented: “I love her too. I just have an ominous feeling she won’t survive this journey.” And u/Past_Yogurt7006 said: “Ugh they seem to be setting that up and I really hope it doesn’t happen! “I would be so upset if we don’t get to see more of their relationship develop in season two!” DON'T MISS:My 600lb Life’s Lupe completely transformed after huge weight loss [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii fans meltdown as Whistler and Holman stars tease team-up [VIDEO]Outlander fans send tributes as Ed Speleers lands new role [LATEST] In another post, u/The-Mandalorian theorised: “[Spencer] probably won’t arrive until the season finale, setting up season two which will be the conflict.” To which u/LatterEmployment4257 replied: “He definitely makes it. We see him in the previews for future episodes. But does Alex make it?” For the latest promo for the series, Paramount+ confirmed “Survival is coming” in their official Twitter post. Shots from Spencer and Alexandra’s journey in episode five are shown, but her fate after their boat capsizes remains unknown. Clearly, the network is keeping their cards close to their chest ahead of the coming episodes, although confirmation of Spencer’s survival with no sign of his fiancée is certainly cause for alarm. Fans may have to tune in next Sunday to discover Alexandra has been lost at sea. On the other hand, showrunner Taylor Sheridan surely would have anticipated how popular the couple would be, and could be eager to bring her back for season two. 1923 continues Sundays on Paramount+.