Darragh Ennis, 43, used his Twitter platform to publicly address a viewer who accused him of “letting contestants win” from time to time. The Chase star explained that deliberately allowing contestants to win was considered “fraud” in a tweet shared in view of his 31,000 followers. Commenting on Tuesday’s edition of the quiz show, Darragh initially wrote: “So close! Well played team on a bad final from me. #TheChase.” To which Twitter user Mckinney_ruairi responded: “You obvs are told to let them win every once in a while no way you couldn’t get 18.” (Sic) Darragh simply hit back: “That would be fraud.” However, other social media users believed the Chaser’s loss was down to bad luck. READ NOW: Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady Johnny_JI81 said: “Unlucky, Darragh! It came down to fine margins in the end. “Another thoroughly enjoyable show though.” Ophelia_ButtsUK penned: “Certainly close! Unlucky.” GarryAl32480844 typed: “You were unlucky, thought both sets of questions were hard. That chase, could've went either way.” (sic) Darragh recently spoke out to defend himself after he was "attacked" on social media for striking. The entomologist and neuroscientist urged his followers to put the word "civil" back into "civil disobedience" after witnessing fierce arguments over whether or not strike action against employers is acceptable. He had announced last week that he was on strike via a photo published on Twitter. The University and College Union (UCU), which represents over 120,000 staff members and academics, had announced 18 days of strikes over February and March as a reaction to current pay and pensions, plus intense workloads. DON'T MISS...Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys [LATEST]Pregnant Gemma Atkinson lifts weights in gym despite growing baby bump [PICTURES]Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old [DEBATE] Darragh posted a photo of himself participating in the action to show solidarity with the cause, while placards raised in the background read: "On strike to win back my pension." It was clearly a controversial topic, as he then hastily returned to Twitter to add an additional plea to followers not to fight with one another. "I would ask that everyone on here be civil to those that don't agree with the strikes," he urged. "Everyone is entitled to their own political stance and shouldn't be abused for holding them. Let's put the civil back into civil disobedience!" He then followed up with a third message: "It's fun being attacked for being too left wing AND for not being left wing enough on the same tweet. " Darragh has been part of The Chase since 2020 and quickly became a fan favourite, alongside his co-stars Anne Hegerty, Shaun Wallace, Mark Labbett, Paul Sinha and Jenny Ryan. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.