Viewers tuned in to the Channel 4 show this week went as far as "switching off" as they accused Sunday Brunch of "scraping the barrel" after the programme dedicated a significant amount of time to a debate about how people cut their sandwiches. Hosts Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy were joined by a group of famous faces who all shared the how and why of their sandwich-cutting habits. As the conversation continued, some viewers decided to change the channel. The guests on the show included Dylan Llewellyn, Zarah Ahmadi, Fern Brady, Clive Anderson and sister singing group Ward Thomas. Each of them explained how they like to cut their sandwich, with Dylan and Fern providing alternatives to the triangle and rectangle which Tim had been taking a tally for. "I'm team triangle, all the way," Catherine Ward Thomas stated again. Her sister Lizzy had opted for rectangles but announced: "I've realised mine are quite uneven, one's bigger than the other..." READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain The presenters then shared their own sandwich-cutting preferences, with Simon stating: "See, I've gone rectangle, but you see for me, I think when you do rectangle, I like my rectangle to be a length-ways one rather than across. "Because if I've got my sandwich I want that crusty bit and the soft bit..." "Yeah, that's very chef," Catherine commented as Simon showed the guests his sandwich technique. "I would refuse to eat that if I got that in a restaurant, it's awful," Fern admitted. "I hope everyone at home's joining in with this," Tim laughed. He added: "I've definitely gone for the triangle cut there," to which Simon remarked: "It's not very man of the people, the triangle." "Well no, because I buy a lot of my sandwiches from petrol stations, that's how they serve them," Tim added. While some viewers joined in the debate, several complained about the ongoing topic. DON'T MISS... King Charles would be making 'mistake' snubbing Harry and Meghan [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Angel Adoree in tears ahead of final party [VIDEO]ITV fear Holly Willoughby will quit This Morning role [LATEST] Many took to social media to announce they would be "switching off" from the show. Twitter user @PaulWirral commented: "OMG.... They are scraping the f*** out of the barrel today.... "Making a drama out of a sliced butty... Across or straight?  #SundayBrunch." @Itt39354118 fumed: "This is friggin dire #sundaybrunch." @pawsometweets admitted: "You know it's time to turn off when they are talking about how to cut sandwiches  #sundaybrunch." "The item ISN'T coming back next week.... And hopefully you two aren't either #SundayBrunch," @PaulWirral raged. @stevelutwyche remarked: "This ‘how do you make a sandwich’ slot on #sundaybrunch is weapons-grade level space filling. Absolutely dull." @cobham_lee asked: "WTF is going on now? #SundayBrunch." @C00k13Pu55 added: "Another week and another #SundayBrunch struggling for content. "Also who the f*** tries to be edgy about cutting a cheese sandwich." Sunday Brunch airs weekly from 9.30am on Channel 4.