Russia's embassy in London has issued a strong warning to London against talks over sending fighter jets to Ukraine, claiming that doing so would have grave military and political repercussions for the entire world. The Russian embassy warned in a statement that supplying cutting-edge fighter jets to Ukraine would be "on London's conscience" because of the "bloodshed, next round of escalation, and subsequent military and political ramifications for the European continent and the entire globe." In a dramatic speech before the British Parliament, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy called for fighter jets to assure his nation's victory over Russia. He also thanked the British people for their support since "Day One" of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. As Ukraine prepares for a Russia-Ukraine conflict, the embattled leader made a surprise trip to Britain in an effort to obtain more sophisticated weapons "Creating its own plans to recover territory held by Moscow's soldiers, it prepares for the anticipated Russian attack. The surprise tenacity of Kyiv's defence has been largely attributed to Western help, and the two sides are locked in bloody combat. After a trip to Washington in December, it was Zelenskyy's second overseas trip since Russia invaded on February 24, 2022. Zelensky presented the speaker of the House of Commons with a helmet from the Ukrainian air force inscribed by a pilot with the words: "We have freedom. Give us wings to protect it." The President is attempting to allay allies' hesitation to send modern fighter jets because of how difficult they are to fly and their concern that doing so may escalate the conflict. The UK has argued time and time again that giving British jets to the Ukrainian military is impractical. In a U-turn, the government announced on Wednesday that it was "actively investigating" into sending Western jets to Ukraine and was "discussing the matter with our partners." Within weeks, Britain said it would begin training Ukrainian pilots on "NATO-standard fighter jets" there. Sunak spokesman Max Blain said the government was exploring "what jets we may be able to give" over the coming years, but had not made a decision on whether to send its F-35 or Typhoons. "We think it is right to provide both short-term equipment … that can help win the war now, but also look to the medium to long term to make sure Ukraine has every possible capacity it requires," he said. Ukraine has sought fighter jets from its allies since early in the war to bolster its force of Soviet-made MiG-29 and Su fighters. The success of its air force in continuing to defend its skies and territory fly despite Russia’s much bigger numbers helped push back Moscow’s initial assault.   President Zelensky also went to Buckingham Palace, where he met with King Charles III, who greeted him with a broad smile and a warm handshake before they held a meeting over tea. The king told the president that "we’ve all been worried about you and thinking about your country for so long." In his Parliament speech, Zelenskyy noted that Charles was a qualified military pilot. "The king is an air force pilot," Zekenskyy said, and “in Ukraine today, every air force pilot is a king." President Zelensky was greeted with applause, cheers and cries of "Slava Ukraini" — "Glory to Ukraine" — as he arrived in Parliament, where his cause has wide support from both the Conservative government and opposition parties. 