Naga Munchetty fans were left divided on Wednesday after the BBC Breakfast host called on online users to give blood. The 47-year-old broadcaster shared a video of herself from the donor centre at John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. In the clip, Naga told fans she would take them on her “journey” as she prepared to donate blood after a finger-prick test. Along with the video, Naga wrote the caption: “I’m giving blood today and you’re coming with me! “We're following the journey of blood donations on 5 Live today, from the arm of the donor to those most in need.” Naga continued: “And we'll hear the story of two-year-old Ava, whose life was saved through blood donation. Listen live on BBC Sounds." While no doubt what she was doing was for a worthy cause, the campaign sparked mixed opinions among other online users, with some arguing they did not have the same experience. Twitter user LadyFiLahLah said: “One of the problems is it is impossible to get an appointment without having to wait three months unless you are prepared to travel miles and miles. “Under resourced, it can take an entire morning/afternoon of queuing. “I waited once for two hours outside in snow during pandemic.” SomeAreDead added: “I’ve been registered for years and it’s so hard to get an appointment anywhere near me at anything like a convenient time. “The last two appointments I made were cancelled due to staff shortages. “I used to donate to a mobile unit that visited every three months.” However, GinelliSaunders recounted: “Well done!! I received a massive transfusion on 28th Feb, 2013, following a c-section. DON'T MISSAshley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [PICTURES]Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith after BRITs appearance distracts viewers [NEWS]Hollywood icon Raquel Welch dies at 82 following 'brief illness' [LATEST] “Without it, I’d have died. I’ll always be so incredibly grateful to everyone who donated their blood.” Anniet152 penned: “I donated my 94th pint last week. I’m lucky that I’m O neg so I’m known as a first responder and can always get an appointment. “Unfortunately this is not the case for my many of my friends who are keen to donate.” The update comes after Naga took to social media earlier this week to bid farewell to her colleague Jamsheda Young, who has stepped down from her role at BBC World News. Naga praised Jamsheda for her work over the years, as the assistant editor said there were "challenging times" ahead for the journalism industry. Jamsheda tweeted: "This was my last shift at the Beeb. What a privilege. My colleagues here and around the world are such good people, and they work hard day and night. "These are challenging times for our industry and a period of transition awaits the newsroom. I wish them luck! I’m on leave now." Naga was one of the first to reply, saying: "You're one of the best Jamsheda x."