A Missouri man sentenced to life in prison for murder saw his conviction overturned after "reliable evidence of actual innocence" emerged. Lamar Johnson, 50, was convicted for the murder of Marcus Boyd in 1994 but has maintained his innocence the whole time he spent in prison. On Tuesday, Judge David Mason said the new evidence "passes the standard of clear and convincing" before confirming Johnson would be able to walk free. The Missouri man was released after nearly 28 years after St Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner filed a motion to have his sentence overturned following a joint investigation with the Innocence Project. "Mr Lamar Johnson. Thank you. You are free," Gardner told the press following the ruling. She added: "This is Valentine's Day and this is historical." Johnson was convicted for the murder of Marcus Boyd, who was killed by two masked men on his front porch in October 1994. Investigators at the time blamed the killing on a dispute over drug money. JUST IN: Buffalo supermarket gunman sentenced to life as victim's relative lunges at him in court The Missouri man maintained he had been miles away from the crime scene with his girlfriend at the time of the murder. He repeated his alibi when testifying at a hearing in December, saying he had been with his partner the whole evening bar a few minutes during which he stepped out to sell drugs at a corner still miles from the murder scene. Johnson's then-girlfriend, Erika Barrow, corroborated his claims and noted it would have been impossible for him to murder Boyd and then return in the brief span of time they were not together. A second suspect, Phil Campbell, was also arrested at the time of the murder and pleaded guilty to a reduced charge for he was sentenced to seven years in prison. An accomplice of Campbell, James Howard, 46, admitted to committing the murder with the other man in an affidavit years ago. READ MORE: Cancer warning after train derails with dangerous gas Howard is currently serving a life sentence for another murder and a series of crimes committed over three years after Boyd's killing. Johnson was arrested on the basis of the testimony of witness James Gregory Elking, who had been on Boyd's front porch at the time of the murder to buy crack cocaine. After initially saying he could not identify the killers due to them wearing marks. Elking identified Johnson as one of the shooters in a lineup. Elking claimed to have been "bullied" and "pressured" to make an identification. Commenting on his role in Johnson's sentencing years later, he said: "It's been haunting me. "I hate talking about it. I hate telling it." The Republican-led state Attorney General office had contested Gardner's motion to keep Johnson in prison. In a statement following Mason's decision, the office confirmed they will not take further action. Spokeswoman Madeline Sieren said: "As he stated when he was sworn in, Attorney General (Andrew) Bailey is committed to enforcing the laws as written. DON'T MISSMakeshift 'spy balloon' scales Chinese embassy in London [INSIGHT]US fighter pilot yells after spotting mystery UFO ‘Wow' [ANALYSIS]Beloved giraffe breaks its own neck after getting stuck in zoo gate [VIDEO] "Our office defended the rule of law and worked to uphold the original verdict that a jury of Johnson´s peers deemed to be appropriate based on the facts presented at trial." Johnson's legal team hit out at the state's AG for their attempts to keep his client behind bars despite the new evidence that had emerged. They said: "Yet, when this State's highest law enforcement officials could hide from a courtroom no more, it presented nothing to challenge the overwhelming body of evidence that the circuit attorney and Lamar Johnson had amassed." Johnson's attorneys' added: "While today brings joy, nothing can restore all that the state stole from him. Nothing will give him back the nearly three decades he lost while separated from his daughters and family. "The evidence that proved his innocence was available at his trial, but it was kept hidden or ignored by those who saw no value in the lives of two young Black men from the South Side." Johnson reportedly will be unable to file for compensation as the new evidence that emerged was not based on new DNA analysis. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews