Nicola Sturgeon's resignation as First Minister has been met with delight by hundreds of Scots who gathered in Glasgow to celebrate with a huge conga line and waving Union Jack flags. The SNP leader shocked UK politics by confirming she will be resigning after more than eight years during a hastily-arranged press conference in Edinburgh. Ms Sturgeon has relentlessly pushed for Scottish independence but her impending departure now throws huge doubt over that - and the Unionist community have wasted no time in celebrating that. Around 250 people rushed to George Square in Glasgow last night, according to the Scottish Daily Express. A massive conga line reportedly took place around the square while many people were seen waving Union Jack flags in support of Scotland remaining in the UK. Champagne corks were popped as the hundreds of people toasted the departure of Ms Sturgeon and a potentially massive blow to any plans for Scottish independence. There were also reportedly full families present at the celebration, while many had electric signs and banners. Ironically, the public space in Scotland's largest city was commandeered by Yes activists in the days before the failed independence referendum in 2014. Last night's event was quickly organised by Facebook personality Glasgow Cabbie, aka Stef Shaw, who received three huge cheers from the crowd when he addressed them. He told the crowd: "It’s been quite emotional. It’s taken a lot of time and it’s involved a lot of people. "Very many organisations, groups from all over Scotland. I couldn’t be more proud of every one of you. You are a credit to Scotland and the people of Scotland." READ MORE: Brexit Britain outclassed by French military despite spending more Speaking to the Scottish Daily Express, he said: "We are really just looking for some relief from such a long time under Sturgeon. "The SNP has run us into the ground. Hearing the news, I was over the moon -it was bound to happen." One person at the celebration said: "I'm happy for Britain. We have been waiting for years." And another said: "She’s been ruining Scotland. She’s been out for herself. Even her speech was all about her." DON'T MISSBritain braced for £10bn boost to defence budget as threat level grows [LATEST]Expert 'changes mind' about Nicola Bulley theory after new information [COMMENTS]Nicola Bulley's family 'in a terrible place' after police update [REPORT] Meanwhile, Ms Sturgeon came under furious attack from Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross after she announced her resignation. Mr Ross, a strong critic of the First Minister, said she had "refused to accept the result" of the failed 2014 Scottish independence referendum and that her tenure was marked with "relentless agitating" for another vote. He said: "Whatever our differences, it is right we recognise that political leadership is always demanding and takes its toll on a person and their family. I am glad Nicola Sturgeon has recognised this is the right time to go. "However, at this time, we cannot ignore that she has presided over a decade of division and decay in Scotland. "Instead of trying to unite the country in the wake of the 2014 referendum, Nicola Sturgeon refused to accept the result. "Her entire tenure as First Minister has been characterised by relentless agitating for another vote on separation - governing in her party's interests, rather than Scotland's. "As a result, Scotland has been in a state of constitutional paralysis ever since - divided and unable to move on from the Groundhog Day of 2014 and its toxic legacy, despite the wish of the majority of Scots to do just that. "The SNP Government now needs to use this opportunity to focus on the Scottish people's real priorities, especially the cost-of-living crisis, supporting our NHS and rebuilding our public services."