If you’re looking for alternative ways to get rid of and prevent mould and condensation in your home, you might be surprised to know there are certain houseplants that will help. While many often use houseplants to decorate their homes, plants are also known to alleviate indoor pollutants. Mould is one of the most common indoor pollutants, thriving in areas of the home where there are high levels of humidity and moisture. What’s more, if mould isn’t dealt with, spores in the air can cause serious health problems such as allergies, asthma and other respiratory illnesses. To help remove the unsightly fungus, and improve health, Angela Slater, gardening expert at Hayes Garden World, has recommended four of the “most effective” types of houseplants to keep mould at bay. She said: “Mould is caused by cool, damp temperatures in the home and can be unsightly, difficult to remove and a danger to health, particularly if you are asthmatic. “If possible, raise the temperature and use a dehumidifier to remove excess moisture. However, there are a few houseplants which can help resolve the problem, depending upon how bad the mould infestation is. “Places in the house which have a few selected houseplants have recorded a drop of between 40 to 60 percent fungal spores and bacteria. “They reduce the humidity in a room which is the cause of mould by absorbing the moisture through their leaves.” READ MORE: ‘Inexpensive’ tip to kill ‘unsightly’ mould when painting a wall 1. Peace lily With their beautiful, white flowers, peace lilies are known to absorb moisture through their leaves. This popular houseplant loves the shade and thrives in high humidity, making it the ideal choice for areas prone to mould. Angela said: “The peace lily plant is available as a large specimen. The larger the plant, the more effective it will be at removing the mould. Keep it just damp, you will know when it needs watering as the leaves will droop. “The peace lily is also effective at removing airborne toxins and swapping carbon dioxide for life-giving oxygen. It’s important to note that they need to be kept away from pets as their leaves are toxic if ingested.” DON'T MISS4p kitchen staple to clean your ‘entire’ washing machine in 5 minutes [TIPS]Paving expert shares 4 common items to ‘avoid’ cleaning slabs with [INSIGHT]Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [EXPERT] 2. English ivy English ivy is also an “effective mould remover”, according to the gardening pro, and is usually available in large sizes. She said: “It is one of the easiest plants to keep and doesn’t mind a little shade. Keep it damp at all times, otherwise its leaves will go brown and drop, reducing its effectiveness. “The English ivy is an ideal plant for the bathroom or kitchen as it thrives in a humid atmosphere. Studies have found that it is effective at removing airborne benzene, trichloroethylene and formaldehyde as well as mould. If you have pets make sure they can’t reach the plant as its leaves are toxic to animals.” Don’t overwater an English ivy as it doesn’t like sitting in sodden compost. It is usually available in a hanging pot, which is handy if floor space is restricted, or trained up a tripod of canes. READ MORE: ‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould 3. Palms Not only do these exotic, lush leaves make a great decor feature to any room, but palms are also ideal for banishing mould. Their large leaves can absorb moisture in the air, and a NASA study also claims palms can filter large amounts of formaldehyde and other common pollutants. Angela noted: “Any of the palms available in your garden centre are effective at removing zylene and formaldehyde as well as absorbing the moisture, through their leaves, which is the cause of moulds. “They need a light position but will tolerate a certain degree of dryness, so are ideal for beginners. As a large specimen plant is more capable of removing a greater amount of moisture, these fit the bill perfectly as they normally come as a large plant.” 4. Snake plant Snake plants, also known as mother-in-law’s tongue, are another popular houseplant for removing excess moisture in the home. These hardy plants are great for condensation, and grow best in bright light and warm temperatures, such as the bathroom. The expert explained: “The snake plant is one of the toughest and easiest house plants, ideal for beginners, as it will tolerate a level of neglect. Don’t over-water as they can rot at the base of the plant, just give a little water at a time and wait until the surface of the compost is dry before watering again. “The snake plant can also be purchased as a large specimen, so buy the largest one you can find, or group three different sizes together. Not only is a group more effective at removing mould but it's also aesthetically pleasing. “They won’t dry out as much as a single plant as they will create their own microclimate. They prefer a sunny position, but will tolerate a slightly shady spot. Not only do they help remove mould, they also remove airborne toxins from cleaning products.”