King Charles III has delivered a brutal "burn" to Prince Harry, a royal expert has claimed, after allegedly ruling out a face-to-face meeting with his youngest son prior to his Coronation in May. The Duke of Sussex spilled the beans on his relationship with his father and older brother Prince William in his blockbuster memoir "Spare". The book has been a huge success, becoming the best-selling non-fiction book of all time. Harry has remained noncommittal about whether he and Meghan will attend the Coronation of his father at Westminster Abbey on May 6. He has suggested his presence would depend on his father and brother and whether they are prepared to sit down and talk through the issues he raised in his book. When asked by ITV's Tom Brady whether he would be jetting to London to witness the ceremony, Harry replied: "The ball is in their court. "There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope … they are willing to sit down and talk about it.” He subsequently told the Daily Telegraph that he wanted "some accountability" and "an apology to my wife". However, King Charles looks set to leave his younger son bitterly disappointed in his hopes for a pre-coronation get together. A friend of His Majesty allegedly told the Daily Beast that he adores Harry and wants him to be at the royal ceremony. However, the friend added: "But he has a coronation to organise. He simply won’t have the time to organise a special meeting with Harry.” Daniela Elser, a royal commentator for news.com.au, claimed the refusal for a pre-coronation meeting amounted to a brutal snub for the US-based Duke. She wrote: "Charles has reportedly refused to blink in the trans-Atlantic showdown he is currently locked into with Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, and won’t be acceding to his bolter of a son’s number one demand. "The simple reason? Charles is too busy. READ MORE: King Charles to refuse Prince Harry’s one Coronation demand "Ooh, burn indeed." In "Spare", Prince Harry reveals a complex portrait of King Charles, who comes across as trying his hardest to be a good father but struggles to express his emotions and cope with single parenthood. The book begins with King Charles breaking the news of the tragic death of his mother, Princess Diana. Harry noted that his father did not hug him as he broke the awful news. He writes: "He wasn’t great at showing emotions under normal circumstances, how could he be expected to show them in such a crisis? "But his hand did fall once more on my knee and he said: It’s going to be OK. DON'T MISS Camilla and King Charles victims of same ‘abuse’ as Harry and Meghan [NEWS]King Charles writes Ladybird book on climate change [REVEAL]King Charles honoured with gift as he hosts indigenous Amazon leader [SPOTLIGHT] "That was quite a lot for him. Fatherly, hopeful, kind. And so very untrue." The Duke of Sussex then reveals how his father dealt with being a single parent. He explained: "He’d always given an air of being not quite ready for parenthood—the responsibilities, the patience, the time. "Even he, though a proud man, would’ve admitted as much. But single parenthood? Pa was never made for that."