In upcoming episodes of Emmerdale, Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) takes revenge on Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) when he is stopped from spending time with Kyle. Will believes he is doing the right thing by keeping the pair apart but he riles Cain up and the Dingle teams up with his brother Caleb (Will Ash) to unleash chaos on the Home Farm owner. Already anxious ahead of the hearing, Cain is angry when Amy (Natalie Ann Jamieson) keeps to the bail conditions preventing him from seeing his son. Later, at The Hide, as Amy and Kyle join Will and Lucas, the young boys become engrossed in a game together. When Amy has to dash and sign some papers for the solicitor, Will offers to take Kyle to the playground with him and Lucas. However, things soon kick off when Cain spots them and wants to chat to his son. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie As Will and Cain have a tense discussion about Amy’s orders to keep him away from Kyle, she arrives to the confrontation. Amy is quick to remind him that he’s not allowed access to his son as Caleb arrives to diffuse the situation and he leads Cain away. Later, an angry Amy is brooding as Victoria (Isabel Hodgins) returns home and hears about the earlier confrontation. Victoria is shaken when she hears what Amy’s plan is to protect her son from Cain. Elsewhere, Will apologises to Amy for the altercation with Cain but the pair of them are shocked when an escaped Apollo, the new stud horse, charges down Main Street. They’re unaware Cain, wanting revenge on Will for the altercation about Kyle the other day, unlocked the gate to Apollo’s horse stall. Watching from afar, Cain feasts on Will’s despair as he’s out of his depth trying to control the horse. Suddenly, Caleb and Sam (James Hooton) arrive with a horse box to deal with the situation. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans spot 'ignored' Mandy Dingle wardrobe blunder [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Bob Hope left blindsided after heartbreaking news [SPOILER]Emmerdale's Cain Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity [THEORY] Caleb makes his disdain for Will clear and Cain watches on, thrilled to see Will humbled and meek from the chaos. Is this the start of an unlikely alliance between Cain and his brother Caleb? Speaking about how Cain feels about the situation, actor Jeff said the pair will “work together more”. He shared: “Certainly in this situation with Will they come together because I think Will doesn’t like Caleb and Caleb has suspicions about Will as well. Or, not suspicions but doesn’t warm to Will. “It’s good that the two of them come together and work together and start to get on. “Who knows, it could be the start of a formidable relationship. “Will has done a couple of things in this day and Cain reacts as he normally does and thinks ‘I’m going to get you for this. I’m going to teach you a lesson for this.’ “He’s not in a particularly good way with Kyle so he’s lashing out at someone else in the way.” Emmerdale airs weekdays on ITV from 7.30pm.