No wonder their frustration boiled over to the point where a detective pointed out with weary sarcasm that she could not speak to the dog. For weeks they have been plagued by TikTok detectives, social media storms, a press which seemed to want an update every hour, an underwater searcher who gloried in reporting to the cameras rather than the police and thousands of suggestions by members of the public who were not there and saw nothing.  All of it was a massive distraction and an off-the-scale waste of police time. And at the end of it a body was found where the police had believed it was all the time: in the river. I have serious doubts about the wisdom of revealing the missing woman’s vulnerabilities but to call it misogyny is ridiculous. Women have been making a song and a dance about the menopause in recent months, demanding that we all talk about it, that employers educate themselves and their workforces in the matter and that allowances should be made for any woman in middle age who behaves unreasonably. Yet as soon as the police mention it, lo! A public outcry ensues.  In some quarters it seems that as soon as an attractive woman is involved, the police are condemned out of hand. And why? Because of brutes like Carrick and Couzens? You might as well condemn the entire medical profession because of brutes such as Shipman and Allitt. OK, I am not an admirer of modern policing priorities – as is clear from what I have written elsewhere on this page – but I do not think officers engaged in serious work should be hounded by the hour, minute and second by a drama- hungry media and public. I doubt it has helped the despairing family either. What does help is when police thwart terror attacks as they did eight times last year. We don’t hear so much about that, do we? The Tory Party manifesto claimed that we would leave the UK as one United UK, a promise immediately betrayed by leaving Northern Ireland behind in the EU single market, subject to EU law and unable to benefit from UK state aid for its industries. Creating a border down the Irish Sea means straightforwardly that Northern Ireland is separated from us and that we cannot trade freely with it as we can with any other part of the United Kingdom. That must not be partially reversed: it must be wholly reversed. The issue of the Irish border was always a confected row, used to split the country in revenge for its effrontery in leaving. There is already a very clear border, marking where the European Union ends and the UK begins and a hard border is unnecessary. Who says? The EU itself did. As long ago as 2017, when it suggested the use of technology to monitor crossings. That was six years ago and we should have worked on that principle ever since. Last week two Catholics who had been prosecuted for praying outside abortion clinics in separate incidents were acquitted by magistrates. In the first case, Isabel Vaughan-Spruce simply stood on a public street and prayed quietly outside an abortion clinic after it had closed for the day. The second case concerned a priest who also prayed silently. What is really sinister here is not just the attack on freedom but that the police quizzed both individuals about what they were saying in their heads to God. In short, to use the phrase of a police officer in a completely different case, they were “checking their thinking”. Would it not have been so much better if they had been checking a few burglars? Where exactly is the public demand for “sensitivity” readers, who rewrite the works of our favourite authors to eliminate any possibility of giving offence? Do people wander into Waterstones and say: “Before I buy this book, could I confirm it has been Bowdlerised?” Bowdler, as every schoolchild used to know, censored the plays of Shakespeare to remove the raunchier and controversial bits but the original works survived because society was not as snowflake-orientated as it is now. Enid Blyton’s Noddy books have seen the golliwog removed but most traditional fairy tales have lived on, despite the challenge to the prince’s kissing Cinderella without consent. The name of Guy Gibson’s dog poses a problem for any director remaking The Dam Busters. So there has always been some censorship as times change but today it is excessive – and repressive. I am a 75-year-old spinster and practising Catholic who does not appreciate finding Sainsbury’s putting Durex in among “my favourites” when ordering a delivery. Offers of two separate such products appeared among my blameless fruit, veg and shampoos. I complained via its site and have no doubt that the comment was received with much mirth by a manager in his 20s or 30s. O tempora, O mores!  My snowdrops are out and my daffodils are growing taller. Bertie and Bertina, the rabbits which live behind my hydrangea bushes, are chasing each other around the lawn, having not been seen for months. The sheep are quietly munching in the field at the end of my garden. The nuts in the bird feeders are disappearing so the squirrels must be back. How blessed to be in England now that spring is here.