A man was found dead in the woods after being "served notice" to leave the care home where he was living. Mark Ravensdale, known for exploring forests on his off-road mobility scooter, was found hanged by a dog walker on April 18, last year.     The 55-year-old had disappeared the previous evening from Woodlands Lodge Care Home in Hoyland, Barnsley. While still missing, he called staff and said, "you will never see me again." This spurred them to contact the police. Mark's body was found the next morning in Wombwell Woods, near his scooter, reports Yorkshire Live. An inquest at Sheffield's Medico-Legal Centre on Thursday, February 2, heard how Mark was admitted to the care home after a suicide attempt during which he was hospitalised earlier in 2022. However, the placement was brought to an end when a relationship between the 55-year-old and a carer at Woodlands Lodge "broke down".  Auldwyn Gidden, a senior community mental health nurse at South Yorkshire Partnership Foundation Trust, told the court: "The deputy manager (at Woodlands) described a breakdown in the relationship with a staff member - that prompted him to be served notice. He didn't want to leave. "From the information that was given to me there was a staff member he had gotten close to - there was mention of some stalking on a Facebook profile that was made private and at that point the staff member was located to a different department." Mr Gidden said medical reports described Mark as suffering "paranoid ideations" and that his behaviour was "manipulative in trying to avoid leaving Woodlands Lodge". The inquest heard Mark had threatened suicide on a number of occasions and reported hearing "voices". However, Mr Gidden added: "Staff did not believe that (the voices) was true and it was a way of delaying the notice period, or trying to stay at the care home." Detective Sergeant James Bailey described how a suicide note was discovered when Mark was found in the woods. In it he wrote: "Check home out, please. They just sit around - told manager multiple times. "It's a joke - have a great life, I didn't. Why embarrass me and make me a laughing stock? All I wanted to do was talk." Gill Stanley, Woodlands Lodge manager of 15 years, said Mark was initially placed there on a short-term basis as he was "essentially homeless". She said: "It wasn't the right environment for him but he didn't want to leave. "Our concern was the environment he was in but it was also about how he would cope without that environment. "He was a lovely chap who just had bad days." Ms Stanley said the mental health team were consulted on multiple occasions when Mark reported hearing voices but that it was found he "didn't present" as someone hearing voices. The court heard it was decided by mental health team, based on his history and from information passed on by the care home, that there was 'not sufficient risk' to take further action. Mark, who had a daughter, the inquest heard, was often seen using a TGA Breeze S4 mobility scooter - which was used in Top Gear's extreme mobility scooter challenge. He would use the scooter to scour Wombwell woods, surrounding rivers and canals, searching for pieces of wood to make vases and bowls on his lathe. The inquest continues.