Tottenham target Ben Foster was filmed wearing an Arsenal shirt, despite maintaining he is a Spurs fan. The Lilywhites have been tipped to lure the former Manchester United goalkeeper out of retirement after their first-choice shot-stopper Hugo Lloris injured his knee against Manchester City at the weekend. Foster made 390 Premier League appearances during spells with the Red Devils, Birmingham, West Brom and Watford. During the latter stages of his career, the 39-year-old set-up The Cycling GK YouTube channel to give fans a behind-the-scenes insight into life as a professional footballer. And during one show, the ex-player was asked who he supported while dressed in an Arsenal shirt. “Tottenham,” he replied. “Even though I’ve got an Arsenal shirt on, I’m a Tottenham fan. Well, as a kid.” Tottenham could turn to Foster as emergency goalkeeping cover after Lloris was ruled out for up to eight weeks. Ex-Southampton keeper Fraser Forster is set to deputise for the World Cup winner - but Spurs’ only other back-up options Brandon Austin and Alfie Whiteman are yet to appear for the club’s first-team. READ MORE: Odegaard makes Arsenal vow as Gunners star fires message to Man City    Foster left Watford at the end of last season following a second spell at Vicarage Road. And last September, the former England international announced that he had retired from the game. “Today I’ve got an announcement to make - it is a big one,” he said on his YouTube channel. “The time has finally come for me to announce my retirement.” The two-time Premier League winner then revealed he knew the time had come to end his playing career after he turned down the opportunity to move to Newcastle. “I have got a belting story for you and it will explain my reasons why I know finally that it is time to hang the gloves up and enter retirement,” he added. “I was just eating my dinner and I thought ‘no, I’m not doing it.’ I’ve got to be happy and comfortable and I wouldn’t be able to do that so far away from my family. It would kill me.” DON'T MISSGary Neville explains why he has performed sudden Arsenal title U-turnMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawlMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds draw   If Foster does make the move to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, he may first have some making up to do with Spurs boss Antonio Conte. The Englishman was critical of the Italian following comments Conte had made after Tottenham had lost to Liverpool in the Premier League last November. “He has done this already,” Foster said. “And I don’t like this. After the game, Conte came out and he said basically if the fans are going to keep booing like they are doing, then we will have a look at it at the end of the season. I think personally you are lucky to be the manager at Spurs. I think Spurs are doing you a bit of a favour, so I don’t think how you can commentate that about Spurs.” 