During Monday’s instalment of Coronation Street, fans saw Stephen Reid (played by Todd Boyce) continue to try and oust Carla Connor (Alison King) from Underworld. As he continues to lace her tea with drugs to make her seem incapable of running the business, he took things to the next level during the most recent episode. Over the past few weeks, viewers have seen serial killer Stephen and Underworld boss Carla struggle to see eye to eye as he secretly plans to boot her out of her own business. Wanting to make her seem mentally unwell to her employers, the Canadian businessman has been spiking her drinks with drugs to make her act out of sorts. In Monday’s episode, Stephen decided to call an emergency meeting with the Underworld workers to hold a vote of no-confidence in another attempt to get Carla out the door. However, he didn’t expect them to not have his back and vote to keep her at the top, as Faye Windass (Ellie Leach) warned Carla about what he was trying to do. READ MORE:Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis   Later on in, viewers saw Carla summon Stephen into the office where she was left seething at him for trying to take over. Wanting to make her anger known, she fired him on the spot and told him to get off the premises, although her brash decision was short-lived. With complications over Rufus’ contract, the boss realised she needed Stephen in order to successfully carry on her business. Making it clear she wasn’t happy about the u-turn and made her dislike for Stephen clear, Carla had to re-hire him in order for the deal with Rufus to go through.   Although after watching Carla have to change her mind in the episode, viewers were left seething at the Underworld boss for taking him back despite his betrayal. Itzzzo_ tweeted: “Enough of Stephen, please!! Carla would never take back Stephen any other time especially after she made the fuss she did over him being a snake and she'd have found a way to get around Rufus' demands.” CavoloChe added: “Good God! Seriously, if you're sacked from a job, you're sacked! You've just turned Carla from a powerful woman into a vulnerable wreck, to save her from losing a client who should be locked up, not because he portrays a misogynist because his acting is so bad.” (sic) While Rekh01 commented: “Nooooo!! I can’t believe Carla’s doing this!!” DON'T MISS... Tom Daley’s appearance distracts The One Show fans [REACTION] Dragons' Den backlash as fans slam 'stuck up' couple over Lidl swipe [VIDEO] Emmerdale's Sam Dingle dealt another devastating blow [SOAP]   Rozzy67 tweeted: “#Corrie Ffs Carla do NOT bow down to Stephen! Fuming” OliReading said: “#Corrie Carla would never let him back in regardless how big the deal is!” With Twitter user Rosepetal98_ adding: “This is the biggest mistake of #Carla’s life. #Stephen #Corrie” Currently, Stephen’s murderous past is being kept under wraps as his killings of Leo Thompkins (Joe Frost) and his dad Teddy (Grant Burgin). However, it looks as though things won’t remain a secret for long as Coronation Street boss Iain MacLeod teased he’ll be exposed in the future.   Appearing on Loose Women, he was asked whether or not Stephen would ever pay for his crimes. 