Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag may have given Arsenal a transfer dilemma after his gesture towards Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans was caught on camera during their Premier League clash on Sunday afternoon. The Foxes are poised to wave goodbye to Tielemans at the end of the season after the Belgian resisted multiple attempts to agree a new deal at the King Power Stadium. Arsenal have long been linked with the 25-year-old, although reports indicate that they have recently cooled their interest. The January signing of Jorginho has seen recruiting another midfielder tumble down the priority list at the Emirates, particularly with the starting trio of Thomas Partey, Martin Odegaard and Granit Xhaka all in scintillating form. But the Gunners could be persuaded to revisit their interest in Tielemans - a top-class option who wouldn't cost a penny - if United make their own move to sign him instead. JUST IN: Man Utd takeover LIVE - Glazers make Ten Hag decision Watching the former Monaco star sign for a Premier League rival may be enough to spur Arsenal into action as they bid to remain on top. Onlookers theorised that United could pose a real threat in the transfer market as Ten Hag warmly patted Tielemans on the back before he came on as a substitute on Sunday. The Leicester star was ultimately powerless to turn the game around as two goals from Marcus Rashford and a third from Jadon Sancho rubber-stamped a comprehensive 3-0 win, showing Tielemans that United are a serious force in the division. DON'T MISS...Arsenal ace Oleksandr Zinchenko compares Saka to Messi and RonaldoPSG star Neymar stretchered off in tears with nasty-looking injuryArsenal tipped to blow title unless Arteta fixes 'dangerous' problem The Red Devils splashed out on signing Casemiro from Real Madrid during the summer but Ten Hag is thought to be keen on signing another midfielder if the right opportunity comes about. Marcel Sabitzer arrived on loan in January, but only in response to Christian Eriksen's long-term injury blow. It remains to be seen whether there was anything behind Ten Hag's gesture, with a number of top clubs sure to be keeping tabs on Tielemans' situation between now and the end of the campaign. Foxes boss Brendan Rodgers is seemingly sick of being asked about the midfielder amid speculation on his future that has raged on for years.  "I started this chat two years ago. I don’t know what can happen," he told reporters back in January. "My focus is on who’s here and we’ll see what happens. He’s only got a number of months left on his contract and this has been going on for two years. "I’m not going to continue speculating. We’ll see what happens." Tielemans is a vastly experienced midfielder for his age, banking 58 caps for Belgium and almost 200 appearances for Leicester since initially joining in 2018.