Many Channel 4 fans will remember watching Aggie MacKenzie and Kim Woodburn often butt heads when they transformed filthy homes in the series How Clean Is Your House? However, 63-year-old Aggie has spoken about their long-running feud which resulted in them not speaking to one another for years. First airing back in 2003, How Clean Is Your House? kept audiences entertained for six series as Aggie and Kim visited an array of dirty houses and helped the residents living in them get their properties back in order.Although the show ran up until 2009 before it was cancelled, both Aggie and Kim have continued to star in a number of TV shows separately.In 2017, Kim entered the Celebrity Big Brother House alongside the likes of Coleen Nolan, Nicola McLean, Calum Best and James Jordan.Whereas Aggie has made appearances in series such as Celebrity MasterChef, Come Dine With Me and Dancing On Ice. Although the two women have gone on to remain in the public eye, they’ve not spoken to each other in over a decade following an incident that happened during a pantomime show.Speaking to GB News presenter Nana Akua about their differences, Aggie commented: “I think we’re chalk and cheese.“Because of the friction, there was between us, it created this energy and so we knew how to be in front of the camera.“I mean, most of it was ad lib, we had an idea of the storyline, but we just kind of made it up as we went along.” Aggie told the GB News host she believes Kim would find it difficult if situations were calm and easy as she confessed to thinking it’s normal for her former co-star to have conflict.She added: "I like it easy peasy. there were lots of highs and a few lows.”Back in 2019, Aggie recalled their fall out in Brighton which happened during the time they were both doing a pantomime.  “I lost my rag with her. I said, 'You’ve really overstepped the mark now!'"With their fall-out happening two years prior to the Channel 4 series coming to an end, Aggie stated the only speaking that happened between them was on-camera.Describing the situation as a bitter end, Aggie added they haven’t spoken to one another since the cameras stopped rolling. Although Kim has rarely spoken about their fractured relationship, the 80-year-old shared she was sorry they had fallen out when speaking to Mark Dolan on GB News.She said: "For six years she was marvellous in that show with me. Thank you very much, Aggie, we made a few bob and it's great to have a few bucks in your pocket."And I thank her as well. She had to be good as well to make it work. And so I say I'm sorry we fell out.“I'm not prepared to discuss it like she does because I wish her all the luck in the world."