But in our age of increasing self-censorship, it is this willingness to express his views, no matter how unpalatable they might seem to the metropolitan elite, that has propelled him to the forefront of his party. Anderson might be the very antithesis of the machine politician, but this week he was promoted to the second rung on the Conservative hierarchy as deputy chairman.  The move was part of a minor reshuffle by the Prime Minister in the wake of Nadhim Zahawi’s dismissal from the Cabinet over his tax affairs. This reorganisation featured the creation of a new science department and promotions for several talented women, among them Kemi Badenoch, often seen as a future leader. But the elevation of Anderson provoked surprise. Rishi Sunak may have had ­several reasons. One could have been the need to counterbalance the appointment of Greg Hands, a wealthy, southern Remainer, as the new Tory Chairman with a working-class, Brexit-supporting Midlander as his deputy. Another could have been the desire to harness Anderson’s popularity with the Tory grassroots, based on his uninhibited advocacy of traditional values. “He’s straight-talking with a healthy slice of common sense,” says one admiring local association.  But others in the party were appalled. One moderate Tory MP complained: “Lee Anderson is everything that is wrong with the Conservative brand presently. He seems to rejoice in provoking and making aggressive, simplistic statements.” Anderson has a gift for stirring up controversy. He urged that nuisance tenants be housed in tents, denounced the England football team for “taking the knee” during tournaments, called environmental campaigners “tree huggers” and attacked the National Trust for its “cultural Marxist dogma”. Some sophisticated liberals at Westminster may be appalled by such rhetoric, but his language strikes a chord with a wide section of the public, fed up with the dominance of the woke agenda. To many voters, his attacks on political correctness are refreshing. His own journey provides a fascinating glimpse into the changing ­values of British politics. Like most miners, he was originally a Labour supporter. Indeed, he was even elected a Labour councillor, and after his retirement, worked for a spell for the local Labour MP Gloria De Piero. But his mounting ­disillusion with the party was cemented when in 2018 he was suspended for trying to block a travellers’ encampment in his neighbourhood. His election the following year as Ashfield’s MP was a symbol of the revolution that swept through the so-called Red Wall seats in Labour’s heartlands, as millions of working-class voters backed the Tories for the first time.  Since he entered Parliament, Anderson has continued to articulate the ethos of self-reliance in place of welfare dependency, as epitomised by his attacks on the “food bank industry” and his rejection of claims by public sector unions about poverty among their members. Absurdly this led one ­campaigner to call him “a rich privileged white man”. But contrary to the idea that Anderson is just driven by prejudice, his analysis is informed by knowledge for he gives both time and money to his local food bank, where the provision of supplies is conditional on taking cookery ­lessons. His appointment could ­backfire disastrously, just as Margaret Thatcher’s decision to make Jeffrey Archer the Tory deputy chairman in 1985 ended in scandal. Labour will eagerly seize on his every utterance in the quest to demonise him and his party, and the Prime Minister will have to show courage in ­standing by him. On the other hand, Anderson could act as the catalyst for a tougher approach to crime, welfare and immigration, which will be the key to retaining Red Wall seats. Moreover, Labour are chronically weak on these issues because of their addiction to identity politics, and there are few politicians more adept than Anderson in using hard-headed realism to expose the dangerous, divisive follies of left-wing ideology. Indeed, his promotion could turn out to be one of Sunak’s shrewdest decisions. 