For many of us it seems impossible that forty years have passed since Michael Jackson's Thriller album went to number one on the charts around the world - a position it held in the US for 37 (non-consecutive) weeks from February 26. Those born over the ensuing years and decades have also come to love the King of Pop's seminal work and especially, perhaps, its era-defining zombietastic video. When MJ wasn't doing the undead shoulder shuffle, he also romanced the gorgeous Ola Ray while undercover as a werecat. And the former Playboy model says even more went on between them off-screen. With a half-million-dollar budget, MJ created the most expensive video ever made with American Werewolf director John Landis. Every horror story needs a scream queen and Ola Ray revealed how the star picked her from the pages of the adult magazine and romanced her on set: "I did a centrefold in Playboy and I believe that’s what Michael got the idea for using me. He saw my pictures in there... We had something special going on between us while we were shooting." Ray had been modelling for years and was 23 when she was chosen for the role of a lifetime. Already a huge fan of the singer, Ray described her joy: "Can you imagine Michael Jackson dancing and singing around me while I did my little Thriller walk? I felt like I was the most luckiest girl in the world." Ray described a playful side of Jackson few were lucky to see: "Michael made me so comfortable with him always laughing, joking… We were laughing all the time. We were having two weeks of fun every day with him… and also a little bit more." READ MORE:Michael Jackson Lisa Marie marriage: 'I never wanted that from him'Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie were secretly together for years after splitMichael Jackson's awful demand devastated wife Lisa Marie In 2019 Ray released the autobiographical The Thrill Of It All and spoke about what that "little bit more" was. Ray said: "Michael and I did get intimate on Thriller, yes. I went to his trailer one day and that's where I had my second kiss with him. "I kissed him for the first time on the set, I kissed him on the cheek, then he asked me to come into his dressing room one day and I went in there and we sat down and had a conversation, and we got really close and that's when he kissed me the second time. "It was a very passionate kiss and, you know, we also did a little something else..." SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH THRILLER STAR OLA RAY INTERVIEW In fact, Ray described how the notoriously shy star stripped naked: "I'll just tell you this much. He undressed in front of me... Getting intimate with Michael made me feel really, really good. In a way, it was like a real romance." Despite so many conflicting stories about Jackson's private life over the decades, apparently he was interested but did not pursue the affair further because he knew one of his friends was interested in Ray. She claims the superstar gallantly stepped aside. Many years later, the romance was long-forgotten when Ray – along with John Landis – sued Jackson in 2009, shortly before his death. The director and the actress both claimed that Jackson and his estate owed them enormous sums in unpaid royalties from Thriller. The video sold over one million copies on VHS in the US, the best-selling videotape of any kind at the time, and was a phenomenal hit all around the world. Ray testified that she had signed a contract for 2.5% of the profits but had only been paid her initial performance fee. In 2012 she was paid a further $75,000 in a settlement with the star's estate but is still pursuing further monies. OLA RAY INSTAGRAM HERE