Manchester United could be bought by Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamid Al Thani after the Glazer family put the club on the market last autumn. But the Qatari has reportedly ruled out two scenarios as he attempts to complete a full takeover of the Red Devils. United have been up for sale since last November, with Sheikh Jassim and Sir Jim Ratcliffe both putting forward offers on February 17, the day of the soft deadline. Red Devils fans are desperate for the Glazers to sever ties with the club and move on. But there have been reports that the American family will look to stay involved at Old Trafford and instead seek investment in exchange for a minority stake in the club. According to CBS Sports, Sheikh Jassim's bid is all-or-nothing. He is not interested in buying a minority share of United - and he has also ruled out buying a minority stake even if it comes with a view of eventually becoming the club’s majority owner in the future. Bidders are reportedly set to hear back from the club this week as they wait for clarity over the next stage of the takeover process. But Sheikh Jassim’s bid is expected to fall short of the Glazers’ valuation. JUST IN: Richard Keys slams Premier League chiefs for failing John Motson United’s sale is being overseen by investment bank The Raine Group. And, according to The Daily Mail, the club have received offers of minority investment which Avram and his brother Joel could use to pay off the other four members of the Glazer family. They would even have enough money left over to redevelop Old Trafford and the club’s training ground. The Glazer family currently value United at £6billion. And although that figure has been touted as unrealistic in some circles, a period of negotiation with the bidders is set to follow. DON'T MISSOdion Ighalo went from dodging bullets to rivalling Cristiano RonaldoPhil Jones claims Man Utd have a better player than Lionel MessiPotter faces Chelsea ultimatum as players 'angry' after Tottenham loss  The Glazers set a soft deadline of February 17 for interested parties to put forward their offers for the club. And there has been some concern among a number of bidders that they haven’t heard anything since. “The bid plans to return the club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and - above all - will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United Football Club once more,” a statement issued on behalf of Sheikh Jassim read earlier this month. “The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the club supports. The vision of the bid is for Manchester United Football Club to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world.” 