The King is likely to have included Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on the guest list for his coronation to avoid further attacks on the institution, royal expert Kinsey Schofield noted. Express.co.uk was able to confirm on Friday that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are invited to the ceremony but will be micro-managed to avoid any stunts. Schofield suggested having the couple attend the coronation is part of a strategic move to avoid further PR headaches for Charles III. The To Di For host said: "Public relations wise, this is a requirement. If Charles does not invite Harry and Meghan, the pair will weaponize the slight." A Whitehall insider told this outlet Meghan Markle will indeed receive an invitation to the ceremony in the coming weeks after months of speculation about their attendance. But the source insisted plans are underway to keep the couple from potentially stealing all the attention from the King and Queen Consort on the day. They said: "They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama." JUST IN: Prince Harry and Meghan ARE invited to King’s Coronation but have just weeks to respond Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams insisted that regardless of planning, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are unlikely to overshadow the main protagonists of the ceremony. He cited the couple's appearance at the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations and later at her funeral as key examples of where the Royal Family remained in control of the situation. Fitzwilliams told Fox News: "There is no doubt that senior royals were irritated by Harry and Meghan's docuseries for Netflix and appalled by the contents of Spare, which contained deplorable attacks on the other members of his family. "The Palace has maintained a dignified silence… There is no chance, in my view, that the Sussexes could overshadow the coronation, as we saw in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and at the queen's funeral. Everything was strictly choreographed." READ MORE: US TV host says 'the more we get to know Harry, the less we like him' in savage blast The Royal Family has refused to comment on any of the allegations Harry and Meghan levelled against the institution since stepping down in 2020. They accused royal aides of ignoring their calls for help when facing huge public pressure as well as of ignoring the potential of Meghan's impact as a mixed-race woman. But royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti forecast the King will not offer any response to the couple's claims and instead follow centuries of royal history by keeping quiet in the face of the storm. Sacerdoti said: "There has been so much speculation and gossip surrounding the coronation and the thoughts of the Royal Family since Prince Harry published Spare, but that is all it is – speculation and gossip. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry at crossroad as Coronation threatens to 'negate' claims [ANALYSIS]Prince William wins over royal fans with 'protective' gesture to Kate [INSIGHT]King to postpone Harry and Meghan peace attempts after coronation [REPORT]