Lucy Alexander is best known for her presenting role on Homes Under The Hammer, as the property expert made her show debut in 2003, but announced she had quit in June of 2016. The on-screen star went onto have success fronting her BBC programme, The Customer Is Always Right, that aired in 2019 but was not recommissioned following the Covid pandemic in 2020. The 52-year-old has been keeping busy with developing new TV projects and also fronted an episode of A Place In The Sun but admitted she struggled during the pandemic to find work as Covid halted her plans. Lucy explained: "I've got some really good programme ideas that are in development at the moment. Some of them are fantastic and when they take off it's going to be super exciting. "But because of what happened everything just got put on the back burner. Unless you were a presenter, who was currently on a show, I wasn't." The former Homes Under The Hammer said she was "out of job" after filming her BBC consumer programme. READ MORE: Sarah Beeny unveils new 'tattoos' amid ongoing breast cancer treatment "I kind of just finished Customers Always Right. I had just finished filming that," Lucy recalled. "We were up for a big RTS award. It was successful and we were looking at maybe doing another one." She continued: "Then it was Covid, then we didn't get recommissioned, and then I was out of a job. I didn't have any work. "Unless you were one of those people who were working on Hammer or on a different programme you were stuck at home. We are all self-employed, don't forget." Lucy admitted: "It wasn't the greatest of times for me. I still had a mortgage to pay and a family to feed.  "It wasn't the greatest of times so I've had a good few years now where it has been a little bit quiet. So I'm definitely ready to get back on the TV really. That's what I want to do." During that period Lucy also suffered a family loss as her mother died in 2020 following a battle with cancer. The veteran presenter admitted now that her two children have "flown the nest" she is ready to get back to fronting shows. She said: "I'm used to having that daytime slot where I'm on the TV everyday. I do miss that even though I'm still on Homes Under The Hammer. DON'T MISS... Ozzy Osbourne in first interview after health forced him to cancel gig[LATEST]Harry and Meghan's future careers addressed[EXCLUSIVE]Aerosmith's Steven Tyler accused of sexually abusing minor in 1970s[US] "I would like to get back to doing a regular show." Lucy continued: "I had a couple of years off. My mother died - she sadly passed away. Then we kicked off with Covid. "I just feel like we have had a few years of having a lot of time to process and think. "The kids have all gone off now and flown the nest. I definitely feel like I'm ready for a new challenge." Meanwhile, Lucy recently fronted a one-off episode of A Place In The Sun where she helped house hunters Debbie and John find their dream holiday home in Spain's coastal region Mar Menor in south-east Spain. Speaking about the show, she said: "Since I can remember my past time has been homes and holidays hence why Homes Under The Hammer was the biggest part of my life. "Obviously that was a dream job for me because of property development, doing up houses and talking to people about homes. It's just everything I love. And my other love is holidays." She added: "I would sit at home and Google holidays. What holiday can I go on, which trip or place to travel? All the things I love." Homes Under The Hammer airs weekdays on BBC One at 11.15am. A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm. 