NCIS Hawaii will return for its next episode on Monday, February 13, on CBS in the USA with another investigation for the team to crack. The entire main cast from the first series all reprised their roles for the second outing, including actor Noah Mills as Agent Jesse Boone. With the handsome agent on viewers' screens every week, it's no wonder they are keen to know all there is to know about Mills. NCIS Hawaii's Agent Jesse Boone star Noah Mills was born on April 26, 1983, which means he is now 39 years old. The 6ft 2in actor is incredibly private with little to no social media presence, preferring to remain out of the spotlight when he isn't in front of the cameras. So it sadly isn't known how Mills celebrated his birthday in 2022 or what he plans to do for the big 40 in 2023. The actor isn't the oldest in the NCIS Hawaii cast though with Ernie Malik actor Jason Antoon taking the crown at 51 years old. READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star The second eldest star on set is none other than actress Vanessa Lachey who plays Agent Jane Tennant, at 42. Kate Whistler actress Tori Anderson is 34, Kai Holman actor Alex Tarrant is 33 and David Sola's Beulah Koale is 30. The youngest of the main NCIS Hawaii stars is Lucy Tara actress Yasmine Al-Bustami who is just 29 years old. Prior to joining the CBS police procedural, Mills was probably better known for working as a model. Back in September 2014, Vogue.com ranked Mills as one of the Top 10 Male Models of All Time. He has been referred to as a "fashion industry icon", partly thanks to his numerous campaigns with Dolce & Gabbana over the years. Some of his other work has been with big brand names like Gap Inc, Michael Kors and Tommy Hilfiger. But over the past 10 years, he has slowly but surely stepped into the world of acting. DON'T MISS...Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB [VIDEO]NCIS Hawaii’s Lucy reunites with Kate in surprise return [SPOILER]NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star Brian Dietzen shares career update [CAST] According to his IMDb page, Mills' first onscreen role was in 2010 in Sex and the City 2 as Nicky, the brother of Charlotte York's (Kristin Davis) wedding planner Anthony (Mario Cantone). Over the past 13 years, he has had parts in 2 Broke Girls, The Brave, The Enemy Within, The Baker and the Beauty, and, most recently, The Falcon and the Winter Soldier. He even had a cameo role in Taylor Swift's music video We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together in 2012. Mills will star in the latest episode of NCIS Hawaii where the team are in need of some help from a past colleague. Season two, episode 14, is called Silent Invasion and will air on Monday, February 13, on CBS. Its trailer shows Agent Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) visiting a prison inmate for information. The synopsis reads: "When the murder of a captain and his wife echoes a previous case, the NCIS team brings in a former team member to help determine if they are dealing with a copycat killer." NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues every Monday on CBS in the USA and Wednesday on Disney+ in the UK.