F1 chief Stefano Domenicali has admitted to holding talks with Andretti over their plans to join the grid despite opposition from team bosses such as Toto Wolff. Domenicali said he had sat down with the squad in a bid to dial down the American team’s approach to their F1 bid. The Italian criticised the new entrant’s push for an entry slot, calling their behaviour out for being "not smart”. It comes after claims F1 is unwelcoming to the new constructor after a lukewarm response to news of a potential bid. Domenicali explained: “Andretti was very vocal about the will to enter in Formula One. In my view, [it was] not smart to say that the teams are greedy to protect themselves, but that's my opinion, but there are others that are much less vocal that they would like to come into F1. "I've discussed that with them very openly. And I said to them that I would act in a different way." Team principals are understood to be concerned that a new entry could risk reducing their prize money at the end of the season. READ MORE: F1 CEO Domenicali hits back at FIA president Ben Sulayem Currently, constructors split F1’s commercials rights by ten teams at the end of the year but a new entry would mean this same pool would be split 11 ways. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has been among the most critical of Andrettit’s plans in recent months. The Austrian praised the squad’s tie-in with General Motors Cadillac brand as a “statement” which could be a “positive” for F1. However, Wolff has previously warned Andretti's entry could also risk “diluting” the sport. He added: “Andretti is a great name but this is sport and this is business and we need to understand what is it that you can provide to the sport. And if an OEM or a multinational group joins F1 and can demonstrate that they are going to spend X amount of dollars in activating, in marketing; that's obviously a totally different value proposition for all the other teams.” DON'T MISSHaas boss Guenther Steiner sees 'no benefit' in Andretti joining F1 [COMMENT]Toto Wolff and Christian Horner can block new teams joining F1 [INSIGHT]FIA sets £264k bill for new F1 entries as criteria made public [ANALYSIS] Michael Andretti has criticised Wolff’s stance, claiming the 51-year-old is “disrespectful”. However, Christian Horner has also aired his concerns over the move as he highlighted the key financial worries. He commented: “It ultimately boils down to, ‘Well, who’s going to pay for it?’ And you can assume that the teams if they’re perceived to be the ones who are paying for it –– or diluting their payments to accommodate it — of course, it’s not going to sit that well.”