Joey and Vanessa Bauer are poised to take to the ice rink tomorrow evening alongside six fellow celebs as Dancing on Ice edges towards its finale. However, the TOWIE star may have to follow in the footsteps of Siva Kaneswaren and take a bye for a week if his latest ominous update is anything to go by. Joey shared a snap laid up in bed with his foot and leg elevated. The DOI star had a black bandage wrapped around his shin while an ice skate emoji covered his foot. To add further concern, Joey sarcastically captioned the image: “Had better days…” Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment on Joey’s injury. READ MORE: Vera's Brenda Blethyn feared 'I was done for' filming series Should Joey's injury render him unable to compete on Sunday evening, it will be the second time in as many weeks a star has had to pull out at the last minute. The Wanted singer Siva revealed ahead of last week's performance: "I'm gutted that I won't be performing this weekend but I picked up a bug earlier in the week which I haven’t been able to shake so I need to rest and get myself better. "Good luck to all the contestants this weekend - I'm looking forward to watching everyone's performances!" An ITV spokesperson confirmed Siva would return the following week, stating: "Due to illness Siva will not skate in this weekend's show. We look forward to welcoming him back next weekend."  So fans will undoubtedly have their fingers crossed that if Joey's injury does keep him out, he'll recover to perform next week. If Joey is able to compete this week, he'll be hoping to see off the likes of Hollyoaks' Carley Stenson, Siva, Coronation Street's Mollie Gallagher, comedian Darren Harriott, drag queen The Vivienne and Olympian Nile Wilson. Last week, Joey breezed through to this week's heats at the expense of former EastEnders star Patsy Palmer. Patsy found herself in the skate-off opposite comedian Darren but sadly for her, the 50-year-old was sent home. DON'T MISS:Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's 'replacement'Vera's Brenda Blethyn feared 'I was done for' filming seriesStacey Solomon's BBC series hit with over 1,500 complaints  She said after the judges unanimously decided to save Darren: "I've met the best people ever, we've been like one big family." Beaming with pride despite the gutting result, Patsy added: "I've proved I can and exceeded what I thought I can do." Her partner Matt Evers was similarly proud as he gushed: "You have turned out to be an absolute joy and I'm so proud of what you've accomplished." Joey, on the other hand, had a much more successful time on the ice last after he and Vanessa performed to Elton John.   The two racked up a score of 33 out of 40, with judges Ashley Banjo and Jayne Torvill awarding him scores of eight before Oti Mabuse and Christopher Deane gave 8.5 apiece. "That's the most fun I've had since I was a kid," Joey told Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield after the routine while the audience applauded. And Jayne was full of praise for the TOWIE star as she said: "You've improved so much, and you looked like you were in control this week." Dancing on Ice continues Sunday on ITV.