Republic, the main group in the UK campaigning for the election of a head of state, is staging a protest in Milton Keynes today. The group's protest coincides with King Charles's visit to the city, announced earlier this month. Camilla was supposed to join him but was forced to pull out after testing positive for Covid. Taking to Twitter, the anti-monarchy association wrote earlier today: "We're off to Milton Keynes today, to ask the King some questions. You can join the protest at the Church of Christ Cornerstone." A spokesman for Republic previously told Express.co.uk while speaking about the upcoming protest: "Republic is concerned about recent police harassment of peaceful protesters at royal events. We're determined to get the message across that it's ok to protest against the royals. "Instead of a pointless Coronation, we need a serious public debate. "We believe the British public should be asked, do you want Charles or a choice? The tide is starting to turn against the monarchy and we need a serious debate about its future." Protestors were photographed holding a number of bright yellow placards reading, "Not my King". The peaceful protest also featured a sign with a caricature of King Charles and a red writing reading, "Not fit for purpose". READ MORE: Harry demands meeting with Charles and William before Coronation The protestors stood with their placards among royal fans waving the Union Jack and waiting for King Charles's arrival. The Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer wrote on Twitter the number of anti-monarchy protestors in Milton Keynes amounted to around 20. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams shared his view on the protest staged by Republic this afternoon. He told Express.co.uk: "Republic have, of course, a right to peaceful protest but I hope they don’t do this regularly. They are unlikely to do themselves much good! "This pressure group always planned to be more active once Charles ascended the throne. "Polls still show Britain to be overwhelmingly in favour of keeping the monarchy, though the institution has a problem with support from 18-24 year olds after the attacks from the Sussexes. "I doubt the appearance of a few Republican placards will, however, make any difference!"  This protest is the latest in a series of demonstrations against the monarchy seen up and down the country over the past few months. The number of people vocally expressing their favour for the election of a head of state during royal appearances seems to have risen over the past few months, following the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign. On September 11 last year, three days after the death of the late monarch, a man named Symon Hill was arrested - and later de-arrested - by police after he seemingly made anti-monarchist comments at a proclamation ceremony for King Charles III. He was later charged with using threatening or abusive words or disorderly behaviour likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress. But in January the Crown Prosecution Service reversed the police force's decision to charge him. Also in September, Barrister Paul Powlesland was questioned by police and asked to give his details for holding up a blank piece of paper in London's Parliament Square. Mr Powlesland later claimed on Twitter he had been warned he could be arrested if he expressed his anti-monarchy sentiment on the piece of paper. He tweeted: "He confirmed that if I wrote ‘Not My King’ on it, he would arrest me under the Public Order Act because someone might be offended." Mr Powlesland also shared a video in which a fragment of his conversation with the police officer could be heard. The Met Police seemingly responded to the viral tweet by issuing a statement at the time, in which deputy assistant commissioner Stuart Cundy said: "The public absolutely have a right to protest and we have been making this clear to all officers involved in the extraordinary policing operation currently in place and we will continue to do so." Months after his accession to the throne, King Charles had eggs hurled at him by two protestors during two different walkabouts. Most recently, the Prince and Princess of Wales's first official visit to Cornwall since they inherited the titles of Duke and Duchess of Cornwall was disrupted by a protestor who held up a blank piece of paper. The man initially stood among royal fans waiting outside of the National Maritime Museum to catch a glimpse of the two royals. He was led away from the crowd by police officers after he lifted the blank sign, seemingly protesting the institution of monarchy. The Sun's royal correspondent Matt Wilkinson claimed the man later told him, when asked why he protested: "It’s the 21st century we don’t need a monarchy any more, it’s f***ng ridiculous".