  Pregnant Celebrity Big Brother star Ashley James, 35, has opened up about “unwanted attention” she receives when it comes to her body in a new interview with Woman’s Health UK. The former Made in Chelsea star has described how her breasts getting bigger due to her pregnancy has only added to her struggles.      Ashley is preparing to welcome her second child with her boyfriend Tommy Andrews after giving birth to her first baby, a son named Alfie, in January 2021. The reality star explained how, while she’s thrilled to become a mum for the second time, some of the changes to her body have been quite “overwhelming”. “Obviously, now I'm going through pregnancy, again, my body's going through all of these changes, I really have a newfound love and respect for my body,” she said. “However, if I'm being honest, I do find some of the changes that I'm experiencing quite, I'm going to say overwhelming.    “And the area that I struggle with the most is actually my boobs, because I've always had such big boobs, since I was 13…So with that has come lots of unwanted attention, hyper sexualization.” The star went on to reveal that she was already a 30 Double G when she was just 13 years old and that she was often targeted with “really sexual and pervert comments about my body.” The star described it as “quite a sharp awakening” at such a young age, and even said that her teachers taught her that her body was “something to be ashamed of” in order to “protect” her. “Why is it that teachers or parents would say to girls ‘You don't want to distract boys?’ Why don't we say to boys, ‘You shouldn't objectify girls?’” Ashley asked.      This is not the first time Ashley has been forced to ignore cruel comments about her body. She spoke out about how she had previously been trolled for posing in lingerie in an interview with The Sun. The DJ explained how she felt it’s unfair that men aren’t criticised for having “dad bods”, while women continue to be scrutinised for their appearance even though they are the ones who have typically given birth. “I think there is always shame and judgement, I was a lingerie model, so I've posed in lingerie for over a decade,” she explained. READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's 'rinsing' is how most Americans feel, claims Piers [NEWS] Richard Hammond's ‘addiction to work’ cost him relationship with kids [NEWS] Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than ever [PICTURE]      “Especially with breastfeeding there is this idea or connotation that your attention seeking or doing it for male attention. Speaking about how she was body shamed after posing in lingerie, she continued: “Ultimately people can think what they want but a lot of people who judge it are projecting their own insecurities or lack of self worth. Ashley is probably best known for appearing on Made In Chelsea and for her 2018 stint on Celebrity Big Brother.     The star was eliminated midway through the series, with Courtney Act coming in first place. The ‘Mum’s The Word! The Parenting Podcast with Ashley James’ is available on leading podcast platforms. Ashley James was speaking to the Women’s Health UK YouTube channel as part of the magazine’s ‘My Body, My Story’ series.   