Jeremy Clarkson has a reputation for causing controversy, and it seems this isn't restricted to fellow humans. Clarkson's Farm star Kaleb Cooper has revealed Jeremy, 62, had a run-in with a cow during the second series of the Amazon Prime programme. He explained how the former Top Gear star had been "in the wrong place at the wrong time" when the cow "attacked". Diddly Squat Farm will be back on the streaming platform with new episodes later this week, and it seems some dramatic moments are in store for fans. After being branded a huge success with the 2021 series, the show was renewed for further instalments. Breakout star and farming contractor Kaleb, who advises Jeremy throughout the series, has teased how one cow, in particular, isn't fond of his co-star. Talking about cows, he explained his fondness for them and added: "The personalities they’ve got – you get that one cow that loves you to pieces. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' "Then another cow who’s funny all the time. And you get that one cow who just literally hates you. "Well, there was definitely one cow in that herd that hated Jeremy, I tell you." When asked to elaborate, he recalled: "We called her the Attack Cow. "She was just protecting her calf, and Jeremy got in the wrong place at the wrong time. "I don’t think she really meant it. The cows hate the drones, and they hate the cameras. "The Attack Cow would chase the cameraman whenever he got near them. "She was fine with me, she was fine with everybody else, but she would chase this one cameraman out of the pen and Jeremy was in the wrong place at the wrong time too." Remembering Jeremy's struggle to round up the cows into the barn, Kaleb went on: "I think that was Jeremy’s fault." DON'T MISS... Tom Jones responds to Delilah ban as singer 'proud' of anthem [LATEST]Kate Garraway slammed as she defends Tom Jones' Delilah [VIDEO]Susanna Reid 'confronted' GMB producers over mistakes [LATEST] He continued: "I never blame the cows for anything. "I think it’s probably Jeremy’s fault from not being very good at handling them. "They did get out a few times as well because the fencing around the farm is not the best. "It was put up 15 years ago. It has weak points. So that’s Jeremy’s fault as well." Prime Video announced back in December that series two would be landing in early February. The show's bosses stated: "Viewers can expect a deeper insight into another year on Diddly Squat Farm as Jeremy aims to expand his limited agricultural knowledge under the watchful eye of his no-nonsense team. "Tractor driver Kaleb, stone wall favourite Gerald, advisor ‘Cheerful’ Charlie, Jeremy’s better-half-turned-farm-shop-keeper Lisa and many more. "The eagerly awaited second series promises to bring more laughs, triumphs and tribulations, and of course, more farming faux pas, as we follow Jeremy and co on their agricultural adventure." Clarkson's Farm returns on Amazon Prime Video on February 10.