The Teenage Dream singer returned to the American Idol judging panel alongside Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan on Sunday’s episode on ABC. However, when she began head-banging during Madison’s audition, she was left rather red-faced when her hair extensions came out of place. As Madison finished her audition with a guitar solo, Katy got to her feet and began to headbang. “Yes!” Madison said with a chuckle as she appreciated Katy’s enthusiastic reaction. But Katy realised her hair had gone awry as she began to retrieve the loose hair extensions from her head. “Oh, no!” Madison yelled before fellow judge Luke helped her out by taking the extension from Katy’s hand. READ MORE: The Blacklist fans outraged by James Spader absence in season 10 debut “Rocked a little too hard,” Madison quipped before a dishevelled Katy echoed: “I rocked and rolled too hard.” Spotting the chance to poke fun at Katy, Luke then attached the extensions to his own head. “Some people will pay for that,” Katy joked before Madison also weighed in: “It’s a good look. I like it!” Luke then got to his feet to strut around the studio before Katy interrupted with a request. “Can you just let him borrow your guitar for one second?” Katy asked the American Idol contestant. “I need him to sing Achy Breaky Heart,” Katy said, to which Luke delivered. His impromptu performance produced raucous laughter from Katy, Lionel and Madison, with Lionel even slumping over the panel at one point. Of course, Luke received a standing ovation for his rendition, but it’s safe to say a number of fans felt Katy had overshadowed Madison’s performance. DON'T MISS:SWAT viewers ‘in tears’ after Victor Tan faces major career blow Magnum PI’s Jay Hernandez turned down ‘intimidating’ roleBlue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence Taking to Instagram, several fans replied to the clip of Madison on American Idol’s page. User @kristypcb fumed: “Always trying to take over. It’s not about you @katyperry good lord enough!” While @hendstridge was similarly unimpressed as they wrote: “Katy perry annoys me.” “That had to be a lil embarrassing,” @lina_99956 added while @amyccamacho critiqued: “Kinda lame.” However, some fans did defend the judge and found the entire mishap amusing. American Idol fan @cmlota said: “I love Katy Perry she makes me laugh every time. Really enjoying these 3.” While @sierrabussert similarly defended Katy by commenting: “Katy Perry is so funny. I love her.” American Idol continues Sundays on ABC in the USA.