Desperate Measures will be airing across this week, starting this evening (February 21) on Channel 5 at 9pm. The show starts tonight and will be wrapping up on Friday (February 24). The four-part series focuses on a single mother, who has tried to raise her son on a rough estate and keep him out of trouble. Working at a bank and paying off her absent partner’s debts, life hasn’t been easy for her but she’s been persistent nonetheless. However, when the youngster is embroiled in a botched drug deal carried out by the local gang, his mother must do everything she can to save his life. Turning her attention to her workplace, she decides to carry out a dangerous heist on the bank in the hopes of saving her son’s life. Here’s a look at the key players in the new series and where you may recognise them from. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Rowan Taylor - Amanda Abbington Taking the lead as single mother and bank clerk Rowan Taylor is actress Amanda Abbington. Abbington is best known for her roles in Sherlock, Mr Selfridge, After You’ve Gone and The Net - Prometheus. Some of her other roles recently are ITV’s The Family Pile, Netflix’s Lockwood & Co, Wolfe, I Hate Suzie on Sky and We Are Not Alone. Along with her acting, Abbington most recently spoke about her partner Jonathan Goodwin’s near-death experience which left him paralysed from the waist down. The couple appeared on ITV’s Loose Women to talk about how they were stronger than ever despite the life-changing accident. Goodwin said: "I should have died on the operating table from the accident, so I am incredibly lucky to be here. “Not that I would recommend nearly dying but it's incredible, therapy, and then I feel so lucky and I pinch myself.” He also said he gave Abbington a “get out clause” from their relationship after his accident, saying: “'I would never judge you for that. The only thing we need to talk about is when we get married. It didn't even cross our mind.” The couple are now focusing on getting married with Abbington previously in a long-term relationship with fellow Sherlock actor Martin Freeman and the couple sharing two children. Patrick - Warren Brown Warren Brown takes on the role of Rowan’s former partner Patrick, who is a career criminal and has been absent from her life for many years. Rowan gets back in touch with Patrick to try and help save their son from the drug deal which has gone awry. Brown is no stranger to screens with roles in Hollyoaks, Luther, Strike Back and Liar. Some of his more recent roles have included The Responder on the BBC starring opposite Freeman, Trigger Point, Doctor Who. He will next be starring in Ten Pound Poms which is in post-production and The Chelsea Cowboy which is currently in production. Varisha - Sunetra Sarker Actress and Loose Women panelist Sunetra Sarker takes on the part of Varisha, Rowan's loyal best-friend and colleague at the bank. Sarker’s other roles include Channel 4’s Ackley Bridge, Cold Feet, No Angels, Casualty and Cockney and Scouse. She will next be starring in Grey Matter which is in post-production, according to IMDb. DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [VIDEO]BAFTA chaos as wrong Supporting Actress declared award winner [INSIGHT]Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show [ANALYSIS] Mal Taylor - Francis Magee Francis Magee will be featuring in the series as Mal Taylor after roles in White Lines, The Witcher and Brassic. Finn Taylor - Jesse Cescatti-McFarlane Newcomer Jesse Cescatti-McFarlane plays Rowan and Patrick’s son Finn Taylor, who get caught up in something sinister. Desperate Measures marks Cescatti-McFarlane’s biggest role after appearing in the film Choose or Die. Clive Powell - Seb Cardinal Actor Seb Cardinal stars as Clive Powell after roles in Everyone Else Burns, Cardinal Burns, After Life and The Witchfinder. Other cast members include Ralph Berkin as Desk Sergeant, Gabriella Csizmadia as Mrs Gregory, Raid Matwi as Deano, Gábor Nagypál as Kristof, Jonathan Nyati as Det Simmons, Zsolt Páll as Jerry the Guard, Harry Rose as Conor, Sam Rumbelow as Steve and Lejaun Sheppard as Trevor. Further cast members include Roderick Hill and Jeremy Wheeler. Desperate Measures airs on Channel 5 this week at 9pm