State pensioners are missing out on thousands of pounds in Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefits like Attendance Allowance which is paid to those with a health condition or disability. Some 56 health conditions such as arthritis could mean pensioners are eligible for up to £5,000 in financial support a year. Attendance Allowance is paid to people of state pension age who have a health condition or disability like arthritis that affects their everyday lives. Claimants are paid either £61.85 or £92.40 a week depending on whether their condition affects them during the day or night, or both day and night. It's one of the most underclaimed benefits with around 3.4 million pensioners estimated to be missing out because they have no idea they could be entitled to it. Yet at least 56 health conditions could mean someone may qualify for this Government help. READ MORE: Universal credit change could affect millions of people on benefits Pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on state benefits from the DWP, according to Age UK. Successful claimants must have needed help for at least six months unless they are terminally ill. If someone needs help with personal care, such as washing, dressing and going to the toilet because of arthritis, they may be able to claim Attendance Allowance. However, they don't need to have a carer to claim, just prove that they need assistance. DON'T MISS:British Gas customers paying £500m more for opting out of direct debit'Turned £10k into £52k' - Isa savers love this fund but it's riskyState pensioners could get £3,300 annual boost Attendance Allowance is currently not means-tested and claiming this benefit will not reduce someone’s entitlement to Pension Credit. However, once a claim is successful Britons need to let the DWP know if there is a change to their circumstances as this could affect their claim for Attendance Allowance. Claimants might also be able to get their claim backdated if they can prove they have needed assistance for a while. Age UK has a useful factsheet on its website to help pensioners work out if they could qualify for Attendance Allowance as well as how to make a successful claim.   Attendance Allowance claimants may also be able to get extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit, Council Tax Reduction and help with health costs. A successful Attendance Allowance claim may also mean existing benefits or tax credits are increased.   56 health conditions qualify for Attendance Allowance:  