Colin Young has more than three decades' worth of experience as an auctioneer and, according to his website, has more than 1.5million lots under the hammer. As well as starring on Bargain Hunt, he is the managing director of the auction firm Golding Young & Mawer of Lincolnshire. The 53-year-old auctioneer and antiques expert will be returning for the next episode of Bargain Hunt which airs on Tuesday, February 7, at 12.15pm on BBC One. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Bargain Hunt. Bargain Hunt expert Colin Young is married to a woman called Connie Darden-Young. It is thought they have been married for more than two decades but little else is known about their marriage. They prefer to keep their relationship out of the spotlight with Young even labelling himself as an "Anti-SocialMediaSheep" on Twitter. Whenever he does take to social media, he talks about his work at the auction firm and on the show. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' What is known about Colin and Connie is that they share an adult daughter called Kirsty Young. She has followed in the footsteps of her dad as a second-generation auctioneer, jewellery valuer and salesroom manager. Back in 2015, she completed her Jewellery Education Training (JET) at Golding Young & Mawer. Kirsty graduated with the Professional Jeweller's Diploma of the National Association of Goldsmiths, celebrating at a ceremony held at Goldsmiths in London. Colin received national attention when fans of the daytime series saw the expert had grown his hair out long. He explained after public outcry as well as loved ones' reactions, he decided to chop it off but only for a good cause. Explaining on his Just Giving page, Colin said: "Starting in the week of the Coronavirus Lockdown in March 2020 I had a No.4 shave/haircut. "Someone asked me if I thought the apocalypse was coming. I said 'Yes!' with conviction as an eternal pessimist. "Over the pandemic period, I let it grow into natural 'Lockdown Locks' no different to anyone else. "Then I heard about so many reported stories about 'BBC Bargain Hunt fans shocked by Colin Young’s long hair.'" DON'T MISS...Meet Happy Valley star Sarah Lancashire's twin and siblings  [CAST]Antiques Road Trip expert Paul Laidlaw broke a record with a £20k item [EXPLAINER]Charles Hanson is among the tallest of the Bargain Hunt stars [REVEALED] Colin stated he was doing it for Red Nose Day 2022, saying in return for donations, he would sport a red mohawk. He said this was his signature hairstyle in the 1980s until he had to get rid of the look for a job interview. Colin went through with a punk look and received almost £2,000 worth of donations. Once again, he will be returning to Bargain Hunt for another exciting round of blues vs reds. The Bargain Hunt team will be in Grantham for the latest episode of the daytime series. Its synopsis reads: "Today’s reds and blues are bargain hunting in Grantham with the help of experts Nick Hall and Gary Pe. "Presenter Charlie Ross finds out about four eras of English furniture with auctioneer and expert Colin Young." Bargain Hunt continues on weekdays at 12.15pm on BBC One.