A key figure at Mercedes suspects that Nyck de Vries could be in line to join Max Verstappen at Red Bull after securing a drive this season. The Dutchman, a reserve driver with the Silver Arrows last year, will compete for Scuderia AlphaTauri in 2023, the sister team of the reigning Constructors' champions. Losing the 28-year-old has been viewed as a major blow to Toto Wolff's team, with de Vries having been considered a very viable understudy to George Russell and Lewis Hamilton. Indeed, at the French Grand Prix last season, De Vries ran place of Hamilton in first practice. But his major break came at the Italian Grand Prix with Williams, after Alex Albon underwent emergency surgery for appendicitis. Having qualified in eighth place after penalties were applied to multiple drivers, he eventually crossed the line ninth, securing points on his F1 race debut and duly winning the Driver of the Day award. De Vries and compatriot Verstappen are long-term friends, and the ex-Formula E and FIA Formula 2 champion has admitted the reigning F1 king played a key role in his decision to join Scuderia AlphaTauri. And Mercedes technical director Andrew Shovlin has tipped the pair to race alongside each other before long. JUST IN: Inside Martin Brundle’s house, cars, family and hobbies with £83million net worth "I am convinced that Nyck has the talent to win races if he is with the right team with the right car," he said, in the soon to be released book Max & Nyck, written by Ivo Pakvis and Stijn Keuris."Whether he can become world champion depends on many things. He has less time to achieve that given his age, but he makes up for that with his experience."Verstappen's current teammate, Sergio Perez, is out of contract at the end of 2024. But speculation is rife over the Mexican's future after the pair had a spat at the penultimate 2022 Grand Prix in Brazil, when Verstappen defied team orders and refused to give up his place to Perez. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton's contract situation made clearer after Mercedes statements at car launchLewis Hamilton still faces F1 ban despite FIA U-turning on rule to gag driversCharles Leclerc puts Mercedes and Red Bull on alert with comment on Ferrari contract And Shovlin implied that at the end of next year, it will be Perez who exits Christian Horner's team: "Indeed, I would not be surprised if he (de Vries) becomes our main competitor at the 'big' Red Bull in 2024," he added. The Dutch driver has been replaced by Mick Schumacher at Mercedes. The German secured the reserve role after failing to keep his place at Haas, following a difficult two years.