Arsenal fan Laura Woods has hit back at her radio colleague Gabriel Agbonlahor following his criticism of the Gunners. Agbonlahor slammed Gabriel Martinelli for showing a lack of respect in the weekend's win over Aston Villa. Martinelli came off the bench to seal the 4-2 victory. Villa goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez came up for the corner in an attempt to equalise late on. Arsenal had only taken the lead through a Martinez own goal in stoppage time. But the Gunners cleared the corner and Martinelli scored for the first time in 2023 on the counter. The Brazilian ran the ball towards the open goal and lifted his arms in celebration before putting the game beyond all doubt. Agbonlahor was not impressed with Martinelli's actions and claimed his team-mates wouldn't have been happy either. READ MORE: Chelsea 'admire two managers' as club make decision on sacking Potter  Reacting on talkSPORT, the former Villa captain said: "There was a part of the game I didn’t like. I didn’t like Martinelli running through, empty net, and he’s just celebrating before he’s put the ball into the back of the net. "You know he’s been rubbish for a month, and he’s scoring a tap-in and celebrating before he scores. [It’s a] lack of respect for your team-mates, I didn’t like it. That from Martinelli for me today wasn’t very sportsmanlike." Gunners supporter Woods was back on air on Monday morning to give her reaction. She claimed Agbonlahor was wrong to criticise the Arsenal star. DON'T MISSBenitez 'contacts Leeds over manager's job' two days after live TV appearanceMan Utd boss Ten Hag has found new undroppable just in time for Barcelona rematchLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight  She suggested Martinez deserved Martinelli's reaction following his behaviour at the World Cup in Qatar. The goalkeeper was at the centre of controversy immediately after the final against France, as well as during the trophy parade in Argentina. Woods said: "Gabby Agbonlahor, I don't know if you've seen the clips on social media, I got sent this clip by so many people saying that 'Gabby Agbonlahor is saying Gabriel Martinelli was disrespectful'. I would almost take that if he wasn't doing it against Emi Martinez, who loves a bit of 'housery, did it on the biggest stage in world football at the World Cup. "He let that continue for what pretty much felt like a month of partying. In a game like that against Villa, if you can't celebrate... when are you ever going to get a chance to celebrate a goal even before it goes into the back of the net like that?" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 