Paramedic Jonathan Shenkin has been named as the latest of eight Britons who have died in the conflict in Ukraine since Russia's invasion on February 24 last year. Mr Shenkin's family have paid tribute to him on social media, describing him as a "hero". The Glaswegian's family said: "On enlisting in the Armed Forces of Ukraine, he made the ultimate sacrifice to defend values we all believe in. "He is survived by his son and daughter, to whom he was devoted." According to the memorial, Mr Shenkin was honoured for his bravery in Ukraine by receiving the medal for "Valour in Combat". A spokesperson from the Foreign Office said: "We are supporting the family of a British national who died in Ukraine, and are in contact with the local authorities."   He later established his own security firm and participated in operations in various countries, such as Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, and Angola. His death was announced shortly after those of Chris Parry, aged 28, and Andrew Bagshaw, aged 47, who were attempting to carry out a "humanitarian evacuation" from the town of Soledar in Ukraine. Meanwhile, the Kremlin is striving to secure eastern areas it illegally annexed last September — the Donetsk, Kherson, Luhansk and Zaporizhzhia regions — and where it claims its rule is welcomed. Pro-Moscow separatists have controlled part of Donetsk and neighboring Luhansk province since 2014.   "The enemy, trying to take full control of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, continues to focus his main efforts on conducting offensive operations in the Kupiansk, Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Shakhtarsk areas,” the Ukrainian military reported, referencing towns in the two provinces as well as on the eastern edge of the neighboring Kharkiv region. Amid the fighting, Ukrainian Red Cross volunteers are evacuating immobile patients from Donetsk hospitals to medical trains operated by Doctors without Borders. The trains take patients to safer regions of Ukraine. The battles are draining weapons stockpiles on both sides. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned earlier this week that Ukraine is using up ammunition far faster than its allies can provide it. The UK Ministry of Defense said Wednesday that Russia’s military-industrial output "is becoming a critical weakness."  Defence Secretary Ben Wallace told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that Russian troops are suffering "almost First World War levels of attrition and with success rates of a matter of metres" in Ukraine. On what he fears Russia is planning next, Mr Wallace said: "I think that since General Gerasimov was appointed as the sort of overall Ukraine commander a couple of months ago when Putin fired General Surovikin, we've seen a sort of effort to advance on all fronts. "We haven't actually seen this massing of a single force to punch through, a big offensive - just an effort to advance, and that has come at a huge cost to the Russian army. "We now estimate 97% of the whole Russian army is in Ukraine and to put that in perspective that means that those tens of thousands of miles of border Russians have with obviously China, with Norway, with Finland, imagine all those people are stuck now in Ukraine suffering very high levels of casualties. "I think what Russia is doing is trying to advance, doing so at a human wave, almost First World War levels of attrition and with success rates of a matter of metres rather than kilometres, and I think what we have to ask ourselves is - and this is the biggest unknown - is, when you have a president and a general staff that simply bears either a gap in the reality or indeed no regard for human life of its own, how does that stop?"  