Every business person wants to be a millionaire but struggle to come up with the idea that will achieve this goal. Side hustles, supplementary ways people make income, are a useful gateway for those looking to become successful entrepreneurs. For one CEO, a side job as a teenager helped start his own business and paved the way for putting £1million in his bank account. Peter Johnson, 30, is the founder and CEO of Firma Stella, a popular sports memorabilia company. His business is now one of the biggest retailers for sports autographs in the world with regular customers looking to get the signatures of their favourite stars. However, the idea for his company did not come out of thin air but was started when he was a young boy. When he was nine years old, Mr Johnson was obsessed with collecting the signatures of the world’s biggest sportsmen. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Using money earned from this side hustle, he travelled to over 50 countries and lived in places such as New York and Barcelona. Returning to the UK in September 2018, Mr Johnson decided to make a five-year plan for starting his own successful business. With his past experience in collecting signatures from celebrities, Firma Stella came to life and he became a young CEO with £1million in cash. Examples of the stars Mr Johnson has met include Lionel Messi and Cristianio Ronaldo. The entrepreneur outlined his journey from side hustle to having £1million in his bank account. Mr Johson explained: “Becoming a millionaire is very tough but it’s 100 percent worth it. “I’ve been depressed, anxious, insecure, angry and I’ve wanted to give up countless times. However, without all of those moments I wouldn’t be where I am today. “My story will inspire millions of people all around the world and I look forward to everyone seeing more and more of Firma Stella over the next few years.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing He is aiming for Firma Stella to become the number one sports memorabilia company on the planet, become a billionaire and extend his charitable endeavours. Recent data has shown that Britons are increasingly turning to side hustles to boost their income, with some potentially having the opportunity to follow in the steps of Mr Johnson. The rise in the cost of living has placed additional financial pressure on working families, with inflation and energy bills being the biggest factor. Notably, immigrant families have been hardest hit with this strain with remittance senders, those who send money back to loved ones in another country, more likely to take on a side hustle. New figures from WorldRemit revealed that 44 percent of this group in the UK have taken up a side hustle. Some 62 percent admitted that they did this to keep up with rising costs and to support family members financially. Around 86 percent of respondents to WorldRemit’s survey with a side hustle shared that they continue their side hustle in the next 12 months. This shows the dedication many budding entrepreneurs have to supporting their loved ones and growing their business acumen.