Shamima Begum has lost an appeal against the decision to remove her British citizenship. Begum was 15 when she and two other east London schoolgirls travelled to Syria to join ISIS in February 2015. Her British citizenship was revoked on national security grounds by then-home secretary Sajid Javid shortly after she was found, nine months pregnant, in a Syrian refugee camp in February 2019.  She has been locked in a legal battle with the Government ever since, recently challenging the Home Office at the Special Immigration Appeals Commission (SIAC) over the decision. Begum denies any involvement in the group's terror activities, claiming she was a victim of child trafficking. During a five-day hearing, Sir James Eadie KC told the Special Immigration Appeals Commission that Begum was still a "security risk" even if she had been trafficked. Her lawyers argued the Home Office had a duty to investigate whether she was a victim of trafficking before stripping her of her British citizenship. They said she was "recruited, transported, transferred, harboured and received" in Syria for the purposes of "sexual exploitation" and "marriage to an adult male". In 2020, Begum was given permission by the Court of Appeal to return to the UK and contest the government's decision, but in 2021 the Supreme Court blocked the appeal arguing that she "would create significant national security risks" and expose the public to "an increased risk of terrorism". Speaking in November 2021, Begum said she did not hate the UK and described living under ISIS rule as "hell on Earth". READ ABOUT A BRUTAL ATTACK ON A CYCLIST   Giving the decision of the tribunal, Mr Justice Jay said "reasonable people will differ" over the circumstances of her case. He said: "The commission has fully recognised the considerable force in the submissions advanced on behalf of Ms Begum that the Secretary of State's conclusion, on expert advice, that Ms Begum travelled voluntarily to Syria is as stark as it is unsympathetic. "Further, there is some merit in the argument that those advising the Secretary of State see this as a black and white issue when many would say that there are shades of grey." He continued: "If asked to evaluate all the circumstances of Begum's case, reasonable people with knowledge of all the relevant evidence will differ, in particular in relation to the issue of the extent to which her travel to Syria was voluntary and the weight to be given to that factor in the context of all others. "Likewise, reasonable people will differ as to the threat she posed in February 2019 to the national security of the United Kingdom, and as to how that threat should be balanced against all countervailing considerations. "However, under our constitutional settlement these sensitive issues are for the Secretary of State to evaluate and not for the commission." The Home Office said they are "pleased" the court has ruled against Begum. In a statement, a spokeswoman said: "We are pleased that the court has found in favour of the Government's position in this case. "The Government's priority remains maintaining the safety and security of the UK and we will robustly defend any decision made in doing so." A Downing Street spokesman said the Government's priority will always be maintaining national security and decisions to deprive individuals of their citizenship are not taken lightly. He added: "We will always ensure the safety and security of the UK and will not allow anything to jeopardise this."   DON'T MISS: What Americans really think of Harry and Meghan South Park appearance [REVEALED] History at a 'turning point' as Putin's message 'loses power' [LATEST]BBC backlash over Begum coverage as Ofcom flooded with complaints [REACTION]  Mr Javid said: "I welcome today's court ruling, which has again upheld my decision to remove an individual's citizenship on national security grounds. This is a complex case but home secretaries should have the power to prevent anyone entering our country who is assessed to pose a threat to it."  Steve Valdez-Symonds, Amnesty International UK's refugee and migrant rights director, described the ruling as a "very disappointing decision". In a statement, Mr Valdez-Symonds said: "The Home Secretary shouldn't be in the business of exiling British citizens by stripping them of their citizenship. The power to banish a citizen like this simply shouldn't exist in the modern world, not least when we're talking about a person who was seriously exploited as a child."  Just 10 days after arriving in the city of Raqqa in February 2015, Begum, who is of Bangladeshi heritage, was married to a Dutchman named Yago Riedijk, who had converted to Islam. They had three children together, a one-year-old girl, a three-month-old boy, and newborn son. All three later died from malnourishment or disease. Begum left Raqqa with her husband in January 2017, but they were eventually split, as she claimed he was arrested for spying and tortured. She was eventually found nine months pregnant in a refugee camp in al-Roj in February 2019 by a Times journalist.  Begum told the reporter it didn't faze her at all when she saw her first "severed head", but would "do anything required just to be able to come home". But the runaway schoolgirl said she did not regret travelling to IS-controlled Syria, saying she had a "good time".  The then Met commissioner Dame Cressida Dick said Begum could expect to be "spoken to" if she returned to the UK. In the same month, she was stripped of her British citizenship after announcing her desire to return to the UK with her then-unborn third child. The move was deemed only permissible under international law if it did not leave her stateless.  Since then, the former ISIS bride has been embroiled in a battle with the British legal system - with the judgment on her latest appeal expected to be handed down on Wednesday. Begum described the initial move to revoke her citizenship as "unjust on me and my son". The then home secretary Sajid Javid said although he would never leave an individual stateless, his priority was the "safety and security" of the UK. Mr Javid was criticised by Labour after Begum's son later died - with the then shadow home secretary Diane Abbott describing the situation as "callous and inhumane".  The Special Immigration Appeals Commission concluded today (February 22) there was a "credible suspicion" Begum was trafficked to Syria for "sexual exploitation" and there were "arguable breaches of duty" by state bodies in allowing her to travel to the country. But Mr Justice Jay said in a summary of the commission's decision that the existence of this suspicion was "insufficient" for her to succeed on her arguments that the deprivation of her British citizenship failed to respect her human rights. He added that given Begum was now in Syria, the Home Secretary was not compelled to facilitate her return nor stopped from using "deprivation powers". The judge said: "The commission concluded there was a credible suspicion that Ms Begum had been trafficked to Syria within the meaning of relevant international legal instruments. "Essentially, and from the perspective of those responsible for the trafficking, the motive for bringing her to Syria was sexual exploitation to which, as a child, she could not give a valid consent. "The commission also concluded there were arguable breaches of duty on the part of various state bodies in permitting Ms Begum to leave the country as she did and eventually cross the border from Turkey into Syria." He added: "In outline, given Ms Begum is now in Syria, the state's corollary investigative duty did not compel the Secretary of State to facilitate her return to the United Kingdom, nor did it prevent him from exercising his deprivation powers." The judge said: "In short, the commission decided that a finding that Ms Begum has been trafficked does not operate as a form of limitation on the Secretary of State's wide powers."   Gareth Peirce, one of Begum's lawyers, called the decision "an extraordinary judgment delivered in an extraordinary way". Speaking outside Field House in central London, she added the commission "is clearly deeply troubled by the case it is having to decide and by the limitations placed on it by the Supreme Court". She added: "The implication, the outcome, that we face is that no British child who has been trafficked outside the UK will be protected by the British state if the Home Secretary invokes national security. "Reading the factual underpinning of what the commission considers to be made out on Ms Begum's behalf, you would feel there would be no way she could not have succeeded in her appeal, but you will equally see repeated as a thread through the judgment how the commission invokes the Supreme Court's view that its role was limited and cannot consider the merits of the case - it's limited to the most narrow grounds of administrative review. "In consequence you have a judgment in which the court is effectively saying as things stand now, we are stuck in a way that we do not think reflects the findings we are making."  Journalist Andrew Drury, 56, got to know Begum over the course of a year between 2021 and 2022 when he visited her six times at her prison camp in north east Syria. He said: "It’s a strange feeling having known Shamima for such a long period of time. If you ask me ‘have the courts made the right decision?’ It’s a difficult one. On the one hand, yes, because of what I know about her, but on the other hand no, because I believe she should face trial in the UK. "Now she is rejected, I don’t know where that leaves her now. She will probably be in tears in her tent. "Perhaps it is too easy to take someone’s citizenship away. I know why they have in this case and I know they were able to, but I still believe she should be brought back and have her trial and sentence in the UK. Even though I do think she has been trying to manipulate her narrative to try and seem like a victim, which I don’t think is true. Mr Drury said a decision by the BBC to give Begum a podcast and for a magazine to give her a front cover was wrong. He said: "I’ve spent the last few weeks being asked about Shamima and my feelings are negative in terms of I don’t think she should be a magazine cover girl or have her own podcast. Now she has lost her citizenship appeal, it is a peculiar feeling because we did make a connection as you would with any human being. “Having said that, the decision today I think shows that the court will have heard evidence from the Government about what Shamima did, or was capable of doing under ISIS. Sajid Javid wouldn’t have made his original decision lightly, and I have heard about the allegations she sewed people into suicide vests and was part of the religious police. I believe she was capable of both those things having known her for as long as I have.”