Carlos Alcaraz has admitted to feeling “guilty” following his run to the Argentina Open title, where he defeated Cameron Norrie in the final to win the first tournament of his injury comeback. The 19-year-old spent more than three months on the sidelines after suffering with back-to-back injuries and walked away as the champion from his first event of the 2023 season. Alcaraz made a winning return to competition as he lifted his seventh career title in Buenos Aires on Sunday, playing his first tournament since November. The world No 2 played what he thought was his best match of his comeback to beat Norrie 6-3 7-5 and be crowned the champion at the Argentina Open. But the Spaniard got candid after lifting the trophy, as he revealed he was left feeling “guilty” when he returned to the tour in Buenos Aires last week and claimed he was doing the wrong things during his extended injury break. “This trophy is special,” the top seed in Argentina said straight after the match. “During those four months I had a hard time and I didn't do the right things off the court, and I felt a bit guilty after the injury.” But Alcaraz was able to battle with his feelings to start his season on a 4-0 winning streak, lifting the seventh title of his young career. JUST IN: Djokovic calls sudden press conference as Indian Wells update expected   “Fighting against this is not easy,” he added. “Coming here, my first tournament after four months, and winning the first tournament since the US Open is very special for me.” Alcaraz was also left impressed by his level in the final after starting the week in Buenos Aires by admitting that he was still far from his best. Speaking after the final, he continued: “I have probably played my best tennis, I have felt very comfortable in this final. I knew it was going to be really difficult, so I started very focused. This is the level with which the finals have to be played.” The US Open champion dropped a set in his first match of the tournament but was able to come through in straights during the quarter-final, semi-final and final - surviving a late resurgence from Norrie who got back to 5-5 in the second set after being 2-5 down before Alcaraz held his nerve to win the next two games and take the trophy with a 6-3 7-5 victory. And the teenager could already see the improvement in his game throughout the tournament as he looked ahead to his upcoming events in Rio and Acapulco. DON'T MISSDjokovic spotted blasting out karaoke with Aston Villa iconBecker opens up on crying in prison when Djokovic won WimbledonBecker blasted a 'devil' as ex-wife claims prison 'hasn't changed him'  “It has been a great week for me,” he said. I started playing quite well, but I still had a lot to improve. I think that from the duel against Lajovic, in the quarter-final, it seemed that I had not stopped competing. I felt very well physically. “Very good tennis, very good on a mental level. It seemed like I had been playing for a long time, yes. I take a lot of positive things from here, from each game, and with a view to the South American tour I hope that what lies ahead will also be super positive.”