Last week's murder mystery involved a doe-eyed youth in a dress who had been moved from a female hostel because of the fear he was a threat to women. Vera was appalled. That shouldn't have happened to "a lass like you", she cooed. Box duly ticked. I know this would have been filmed months ago, but it aired just days after a male rapist was sent to a women's prison. It made you realise how every institution now grovels before the trans lobby. DCI Vera Stanhope used to be a refreshingly gruff and uncompromising character. Now she's merely a mouthpiece for "progressive" obsessions. Even Anglican bishops are bleating about a "project on gendered language", looking at whether we can go on talking about "God the Father" and referring to "He" or "Him". You can see this could exercise the finest theological minds for decades. But for the rest of us it's simply more ruddy gender stuff. Exhausting and boring, it's like being trapped in a quagmire. The more you struggle, the deeper you sink. Turn on the radio or TV and I sometimes feel nobody is talking about anything else. Kevin Lister is a maths teacher who was sacked a few months ago for refusing to call a girl pupil by a boy's name because the parents hadn't been consulted. He wasn't even refusing to call the girl a boy. He simply wouldn't do it without parental consent. It beggars belief. You now need parental consent and a safeguarding certificate before you can give a child an Elastoplast. But when it comes to transy stuff the child must be indulged without question and parents have no say. "This is normalising absurdities," said Lister last week, a man dedicated to the teaching of logic and reasoning. I don't think we have too many maths teachers to spare so it's a shame he was sacked. He used to run a maths competition for female students, presumably to encourage girls - who often veer towards arts subjects - to take up maths. The girl who wants to be a boy asked if she could still take part! It would be funny if it wasn't so serious. Lister is calling for the Government to give advice on how schools should proceed because teachers are (understandably) terrified of being labelled transphobes. As indeed are many children, which is even more disturbing. But the Government is equally scared of the entire issue and would just like it to disappear. Most of us feel the same way. What the trans extremists don't understand is that while reasonable people are perfectly sympathetic to trans people's problems and requirements, we don't actually think about them much. If at all. That's not hostility, it's benign indifference towards a tiny minority of the population. So if that makes me a Terf, then tough. John Cleese has signed a deal to remake Fawlty Towers for the boutique hotel generation. His co-star will be his daughter Camilla. Only two series of Fawlty Towers were made, in 1975 and 1979 - the most perfect TV comedies ever. No sequel necessary. They say, never go back. Just as the return of Sex And The City was greeted with huge excitement only to fizzle away in disappointment, the same will happen with Fawlty Towers Two. That's my prediction. Though I'd love to be proved wrong. Did anyone bother to make the "lemon Swiss roll and amaretti trifle" which won the Jubilee Pudding competition last summer? I never fancied it much. Now there's a government-endorsed "toolkit" offering "templates and materials to help with your Coronation celebrations". However, the famous Coronation Chicken, invented for the late Queen, doesn't get a reboot. "It looks like sick," Princess Margaret once said when presented with it. She wasn't wrong. The toolkit does include a recipe for a strawberry and ginger trifle from Michelin-starred chef Adam Handling. I love a trifle, the naffer the better - jelly cubes, readymade custard, stale sponge squares, a big slug of sherry, tinned fruit, squirty cream, glacé cherries and hundreds and thousands. This trifle is nothing like that. For one thing it's served in individual glasses so you don't get that satisfying squelch when you spoon it out of a big glass bowl. And as for the instructions..."Bloom the gelatine in an ice bath," says Adam."...add the malic acid". Bloom? Ice bath? Malic acid? What is he on about? Gaziantep is a Turkish town near the Syrian border devastated by the recent earthquakes. I'd never heard of it before. But by a curious coincidence it was also mentioned by Shamima Begum in her long BBC interview last week - The Shamima Begum Story. She stopped in Gaziantep in 2015 as she travelled from the bus station at Istanbul to Raqqa in Syria, then the dark heart of Islamic State. Whatever you think of Begum, hers is a fascinating story of our times. We also heard from her husband. He made my flesh creep. They went to a funfair once, just a pair of goofy young death cult fanatics on a night out. In the end Shamima will be a footnote in the unfolding tragedy of Syria, devastated further by recent earthquakes. For her, Gaziantep was merely a stopover. In the last few days, Nature has turned that town into yet another scene of death and destruction in a region which has seen so many. On Valentine's Day you used to send an anonymous card to someone you fancied like mad. These days that is borderline illegal so February 14 has become colonised by smug couples who book up all the restaurants and give each other cuddly toys. The most humiliating moment of my son's life (he was single at the time) was the night we managed to get a table for a quick supper before going to a concert. We glanced around the restaurant full of twosomes canoodling over their pasta. He looked at me in horror. "I've just realised it's Valentine's Day and all these people think you're my date." I apologised and promised to pay for his counselling. Madonna has been a world-famous star for four decades. I don't know how many times I've read pieces by lady columnists advising her (in a spirit of faux concern) to put it away and button up. She provided more material at the Grammy awards. Her new face has been dissected in print. How "sad", say some. She doesn't give a damn. "Once again I am caught in the glare of ageism and misogyny," she tweeted. Madonna is a trouper and a showgirl. Her job is to give us something to look at. The world would be a duller place without her. MPs who lose their seats get about £5,250 (equal to one month's salary) as a pay-off. A cross-party parliamentary committee thinks they should get more (surprise surprise) - £162,360 - which is what their German counterparts get. Crikey. What else do they want? A medal? Well yes they do, apparently. A "medallion of service" to soothe their feelings of rejection. And politicians wonder why we don't rate them.