PGMOL chief Howard Webb is under fresh pressure to take action against Premier League referees after controversy in Manchester United's 3-0 win against Leicester City. Marcel Sabitzer was fortunate to escape a red card for a challenge that went unpunished at Old Trafford on Sunday. The Red Devils loanee caught Leicester defender Wout Faes' thigh with his studs in a late tackle. A red card would have seen Sabitzer miss United's next three domestic games - Sunday's Carabao Cup final against Newcastle United, the FA Cup clash with West Ham United on March 1 and the Premier League trip to Liverpool four days later. However, referee Stuart Atwell didn't consider it a bookable offence, and VAR Paul Tierney didn't pull it back for a sending-off. Last weekend, Lee Mason walked away from VAR duties after missing an offside in Brentford's equaliser at Arsenal, contributing to the Gunners dropping two valuable points. And after the most recent error, despite Webb holding an emergency meeting earlier with referees in the week, Crooks has urged him to dismiss another top-flight official. JUST IN: Man Utd owners the Glazers almost gave £106m parting gift to Ten Hag  "Premier League referee Stuart Attwell should be relieved of his duties," Crooks told BBC Sport. "He allowed Manchester United's Marcel Sabitzer to remain on the pitch after the worst tackle I have seen in years and without so much as a caution. "What made matters worse, Attwell then booked Leicester City's Nampalys Mendy, having made not one, but two perfectly legitimate tackles. "Of course, it is the referee's opinion that ultimately matters. But if a top-class official cannot distinguish between a 'career-threatening tackle' and two perfectly legitimate challenges, then that referee has no business officiating in the top league in the world. "Top professional players deserve referees who know the difference between a good and a very bad tackle." DON'T MISS Klopp fears six Real Madrid stars may derail Liverpool's Vinicius planWhat Chelsea squad think of Graham Potter as fans call for sackingMan Utd owners the Glazers take steps to avoid 'distracting' Ten Hag Leicester manager Brendan Rodgers was furious with the decision, labelling it 'incredible' how Attwell and VAR Tierney deemed it anything other than a red. He said: "It is a sending-off. It's a straight leg onto the knee. How it was not looked at and deemed that is incredible when I see it. "I don't know [why a red card wasn't shown]. We've seen, in the last few weeks, some of the decisions. Someone has said it was maybe after an incident, but I don't buy that one." Sabitzer remained on the pitch for 80 minutes before making way for 17-year-old Premier League debutant Kobbie Mainoo. The Austrian is available for Thursday's Europa League knockout play-off second leg against Barcelona and will also hope to start Sunday's final. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here