Sunday's scrap between Jake Paul and Tommy Fury has been subject to some last-gasp drama after 'The Problem Child' tabled a double-or-nothing bet on the eve of battle. Fury shook hands on the surprise wager, which would see the winner of the bout in Saudi Arabia walk away with both fighters' earnings while the loser leaves the ring with nothing. However, Paul has accused his opponent of reneging on their deal after 'going silent as a mouse' in the 24 hours since coming to a verbal agreement. The Ohio native presented a contract to Fury in a 30-minute sit-down days before the bout, where TNT's feisty father, John, assured the document would be signed after lawyers had given it a closer look. There's still yet to be official confirmation over whether the youngest member of the Fury family has put pen to paper, however. That was enough for his 6-0 foe to return to social media and criticise the opposition for their "false confidence." "As you guys saw the bet yesterday on-stage; Tommy agreed to it [and] shook my hand on stage, his dad said they were agreed to it," said Paul in a video posted on Twitter. "So I signed the contract right in front of them, we send it over to their lawyers, and just as a I thought, they have gone silent as a mouse for the last 24 hours. READ MORE: Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury predictions as Eddie Hearn disagrees with Mike Tyson  "They do not want to sign the contract, and it just goes to show that they have this false confidence. Put your money where your mouth is. You shook on it like a man, and now you guys haven't signed the actual contract to make the deal official." Fury (8-0) has said he's '100 percent serious' about retiring from boxing if he fails to get his hand raised in Riyadh. Half-brother and WBC world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury had joked his sibling 'can stay in Saudi Arabia' if he loses, as well as suggesting Tommy would have to ditch the family name unless he came out on top. It's possible the potential threat of seeing his athletic career reach an abrupt end is enough risk for one night as far as Fury is concerned. The former Love Island contestant will be the first active boxer to face Paul inside the ring, though The Problem Child remains a slim favourite. DON'T MISS Inside the life of Jake Paul houses, jets and girlfriend news after amassing £260m fortune What Derek Chisora said about Tommy Fury to leave Love Island girls in stitches Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury UK start time after Floyd Mayweather fight caused issue    Fury will reportedly rake in $2million (£1.7m) of guaranteed money on Sunday, while his 35 percent share of pay-per-view buys is believed to be worth a little more than that amount. The victor will also earn $1m (£840,000) as a performance bonus, meaning Fury stands to earn close to £10m overall if he accepts Paul's double-or-nothing terms. That's without mentioning the considerable pride that will be at stake with the world watching their showdown in Saudi Arabia. Paul and Fury had to be broken up at a fiery final face-off before Sunday's fight, setting the stage for a titanic encounter when the undefeated duo finally meet inside the ring.