Back in the summer, Manchester United had a decision to make regarding Anthony Martial. The France international had endured a dire loan spell at Sevilla, netting just once during his time in La Liga. And though Erik ten Hag decided to keep his No 9, that decision has backfired ahead of arguably their biggest match of the season against Barcelona. Manchester United will face off against Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday night. It is a stage the two teams’ respective plights have seen them succumb to, having previously had famous battles in the Champions League instead. And United, as expected, will be without Martial for the match at the Nou Camp with the France international still sidelined by injury. Though the Europa League isn’t the tournament the Red Devils want to win the most - that mantle belongs to the Premier League, while it’s still mathematically possible - it’s still a game that can shape their season. Win or achieve a respectable draw, and it will boost morale. Morale which, it’s noted, has been rebuilt by Ten Hag since his appointment back in the summer. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Lose, however, and it will be a reality check. A big one at that, at a time where the matches are coming thick and fast. Speaking at his press conference before the game, Ten Hag confirmed Martial was still on the sidelines. And it’s clear with each passing match that United’s decision not to jettison the forward hasn’t paid off. Martial was widely expected to leave at the end of last season, especially after a poor spell in Spain where he netted just once. But Ten Hag, knowing he needed to use funds on other areas of his squad besides a No 9, then decided to give the striker a chance. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Martial took it, impressing on the club’s pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia while clicking with Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho. And he also impressed at the beginning of the campaign, at one point having four goals from three appearances to his name. However, this season, Martial has been unable to stay fit. He’s made just nine Premier League appearances this term, meaning he’s missed more games than he’s played in the top flight. Martial’s woes have been worse in the Europa League, too, with the 27-year-old making just a single appearance in the competition so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here So, as United gear up for the cauldron the Nou Camp, they’re without a wizard capable of casting a spell. Barcelona will have Robert Lewandowski leading the line, with the Poland international shining ever since his move from Bayern Munich back in the summer. United, contrastingly, will have Wout Weghorst. Ten Hag may have felt inclined to keep Martial but the reality is that he’s now having to rely on a player who, for all his talent, doesn’t provide the same threat. Martial was once meant to be United’s future yet, given his torrid injury record, it’s no surprise a summer exit seems to be on the cards. Speaking ahead of the game, meanwhile, Ten Hag insisted he was impressed by Barcelona and the work Xavi has done at the club. “That Barcelona team when he played, he was an important part of it, and you can see that philosophy he brings to Barcelona now,” he said. “I really like his team, the way of attacking, the attacking way of play. He’s doing really well, and I think he’s in the right direction. “It’s going to be a really good challenge between Manchester United and Barcelona.”