The search for missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley has reached a new stage as police are reportedly investigating who had permits to fish in the river detectives believe she fell into. Mum of two, Nicola, 45, disappeared without a trace during a dog walk along the River Wyre in the village of St Michael's, Lancs, on January 27, with police's operating theory being that she fell into the river - with no criminal involvement. But it has now emerged that local fishing clubs have been approached by officers looking for information about who was ticketed to be on the river around the time of her disappearance. The latest development comes just days after a report from a potential witness, who claims to have seen two men acting suspiciously on the river both the day before and on the morning Nicola vanished. According to the witness, the men were trying to hide their faces with "dark clothing" and "hoods or hats", and carried fishing rods. The anonymous informant added the men were acting "very strange", with the sighting making him feel "uneasy" - remarking it was bizarre that they seemed to lack either a tackle or bait box. The witness reportedly told police what he had seen after he heard of Nicola's disappearance on January 27 - reporting it two days later. Police contacted him nine days after that to take his full account. Local fishermen have rejected any suggestion that the suspicious men were themselves anglers.  One local angler said: "It sounds like they are trying to work out if anyone was fishing on the river that day and saw something, but nobody was." He said that the only people present that day were "dog walkers", adding: "I can guarantee you that. The dog walkers were there." The fisherman, speaking anonymously, claimed police had first got in contact with anglers the day after Nicola's disappearance, but only to ask about the nature of the River Wyre where she went missing. Having fished on the river for decades, he said if Nicola did fall into that water, anyone walking along the bank wouldn’t have seen her due to the strength of the current, which would have dragged her under. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley - two arrested over 'malicious communications' [REVEAL]  Fishing permits have been temporarily suspended by the local angling society, out of respect for Ms Bulley's disappearance. However, police's focus on the river has come under fire from Ms Bulley's partner of 12 years, Paul Ansell, 44. He called for police to widen their search, calling for a wider investigation of the land surrounding the river. Speaking to Channel 5's Dan Walker, Mr Ansell said he wants "every house, every garage, and every outbuilding scrutinised" in a new land search.  DON'T MISS: Officer who exposed Jimmy Savile joins Nicola Bulley investigation [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley cops took 'nine days' to contact key witness [INSIGHT] Witness claims men tried to 'hide faces' near Nicola's walking route [ANALYSIS] He said: "I want it all searched. I want it all scrutinised, every piece of it. And you're not gonna appease me with anything else." Mr Ansell also told the programme that he believes someone in the local area knows something, claiming to be "100 percent convinced" that Nicola is not in the river. Speaking about the area he said: "You see the same faces every single day, and on the very odd occasion when you see somebody that you don't know, they stand out like a sore thumb. Everyone's the same. So whatever has happened, in my eyes has to be somebody who knows the local area, who knows that. "And the fact that nothing's been seen or heard, I just truly believe that it's something in the village."