EastEnders fans know how much Zack (played by James Farrar) has been struggling with his secret diagnosis of HIV. In a bid to escape what was happening, he pushed Whitney (Shona McGarty), who is pregnant with his child, away and told her he wants nothing to do with the baby. Still keeping quiet about his internal struggle, Zack's family and friends are concerned about him but have no idea what's going on. In upcoming episodes of the BBC soap, an update on the baby leaves Whitney heartbroken, and both she and Zack accept facing a challenging future. Will the tragedy push Zack to finally reveal the truth so he can be there for Whitney? Zack found out recently he was HIV positive after an old friend whom he used to share needles with got in touch to advise him to get tested. The chef has been unable to cope with the news since testing positive, refusing to collect his medication or tell anybody. The soap confirmed last week that Whitney's unborn child would be diagnosed with Edwards’ Syndrome, a rare but serious condition that affects three in every 10,000 births. Sadly, most babies born with Edwards’ Syndrome will die before or shortly after being born. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss In scenes yet to air, Whtiney receives her first indication that there could be something wrong with the baby. As Zack finally starts his HIV medication, he becomes riddled with guilt that he hasn’t shared his diagnosis with Whitney, who is reeling from the recent news surrounding their baby’s health. Following words of reassurance, Zack convinces Whitney to visit the hospital for additional testing. While they're there, Zack begins to suffer side effects from his medication. Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) suspects something is wrong with Whitney, but she remains tight-lipped on the situation when questioned in front of Finlay Baker (Ashley Byam) and Felix Baker (Matthew James Morrison). In an attempt to lighten the mood, the men host a movie night to distract Whitney but are interrupted by a visitor. Zack struggles to come to terms with recent events and ends up breaking down to his sister, Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean), who has grown increasingly worried for his wellbeing. Still feeling ashamed about his recent diagnosis, Zack isn’t able to bring himself to share the news with Sharon just yet, and instead reveals Whitney’s recent Omphalocele diagnosis. DON'T MISS... Happy Valley kitchen clue confirms location of Tommy's final attack [THEORY]Paul Martin shares staggering amount unique 18th Century ‘treasure’ [EXCLUSIVE]Matt Hancock squirms as Susanna Reid asks ‘do you want to host GMB?' [LATEST] Sharing wise words of advice and drawing from her own experiences of being a parent, Sharon vows to support her brother and encourages him to fight for Whitney and the baby. Zack is left feeling lighter having shared some of his emotional turmoil. Whitney is frantic as she misplaces her scan photo at home before breaking down in front of Chelsea and revealing everything. Chelsea comforts her best friend and shares some advice with her. Could the tragedy force Zack to see that he needs to be honest with Whitney? Perhaps he will finally share the news so he can be honest with her and be there for her when they receive updates about their baby. Perhaps the two will grow closer and rekindle their relationship as they face the tough reality of their unborn child's situation. Will the two be able to have an honest conversation and vow to endure their future together? EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.