A standoff involving migrants sheltering at a hotel in a swanky New York neighbourhood turned nasty on Wednesday. Migrants sheltering at the Watson Hotel in the Hell's Kitchen, a neighbourhood on the West Side of Midtown Manhattan, reacted angrily after a group of about 10 activists used open umbrellas to prevent the news media from documenting the scenes. The intervention prompted several migrants to direct their anger at a journalist who was shooting a video for Dubai-based Al Arabiya TV, with one migrant hitting the camera and dislodging its small monitor unit. "In 30 years, even in war zones, I’ve never experienced aggression like that,” Ghassan Masoud told the New York Post. Dozens of migrants have been sheltering at the Watson Hotel, but officials had told them they must leave by January 31. Elsewhere in Manhattan, a bankrupt Holiday Inn has won a judge’s approval to become a shelter for migrants in the downtown financial district — paving the way for a deal with the city that will pay the hotel’s owner a whopping $190-a-room per night, which will set back taxpayers $100,000 a day. It’s also well above an average daily room rate of $102 the hotel was getting in January with an occupancy rate of 60 percent, according to court filings. READ MORE: Kevin McCarthy humiliates Biden as he hits out at dig ahead of White House debt face-off On Tuesday, the hotel’s website was advertising rooms at $145 to $149 per night. US Bankruptcy Judge Philip Bentley approved the 50-story hotel's application to sign a contract which could last until April 2024 with the city which will see the Holiday Inn rake in about $10.5 million over the next 14 months, reports Bloomberg. A group of secured lenders, including Wilmington Trust and Triangle Capital Group LLC, say the bankrupt hotel already owes them about $137million. If migrants are still in the hotel after the contract expires, the city will be required to pay Holiday Inn an eye-watering $750 per night. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry told to 'move back to UK' [INSIGHT]Lawyer of raped student's family 'blown away' by consent claim [REPORT]Vancouver warned about decision to decriminalise heroin [LATEST] It's estimated that the 492-room hotel could house up to 1,000 migrants. During Monday's hearings, the bank's lawyers argued that the presence of the migrants at the hotel may devalue the property as a whole. The decision comes as New York takes in 40,000 migrants and attempts are being made to move some of them out of luxury hotels and into shelters. New York Mayor Eric Adams has said the situation in the Big Apple is at breaking point. READ MORE: Joe Biden hit with new lawsuit as 20 States join forces to fight new policy “New York cannot take more. We can’t,” Mayor Adams said, as he wrapped up a recent visit to El Paso, adding that other cities also cannot take in more migrants. Mr Adams, a Democrat, has also criticised the practice of some governors of transporting migrants straight from the border to cities including New York City. Republican Texas Governor Greg Abbott has over the last year has sent buses of migrants to Democratic-led cities as a way to maximise exposure over what he said is inaction by the Biden administration over high numbers of migrants crossing on the southern border. The Mayor has noted that the governor of Colorado, a Democrat, had also bused migrants to New York City. He has publicly said the actions of those two governors showed “bipartisan disrespect for cities and it was wrong”. Mr Adams said the federal government should be picking up the cost that the cities are incurring to help. “We need a real leadership moment from FEMA,” he said. “This is a national crisis.”