The pregnant radio DJ, 38, responded when an Instagram follower responded negatively to a post that Gemma had shared featuring her and fiancé Gorka Marquez's daughter Mia earlier this week.  In the lengthy post, the Instagram user questioned whether the actress was right to joke about locking the door on her daughter when she was misbehaving, while comparing her parenting to her stance on animal cruelty.  The message started innocently enough, as the fan claimed the reaction was not a dig at Gemma. But as the post continued, it was clear that the Instagram user was aiming shots at the star's parenting skills.  She wrote: “Hi Gemma, I never write to celebs but I was awake all last night thinking about your [Instagram] stories about Mia’s sleep.   READ MORE: Louie Spence thinks mum is 'haunting' him after 'cooking' her ashes “Absolutely no hate - we are all winging it.”   “I just wondered how your anti-cruelty towards animals views fits in with holding a door shut when your daughters need you?”    The post continued: “This is in no way a dig at you. I tried to write that question passively but it really upset me.”   “But it really upset me to hear as I’ve always admired your stance on most topical issues because you come across as fair and balanced.”   The poster finished the message with: "Maybe I’m missing a viewpoint, I hope you understand."  Gemma immediately responded to the message and explained the situation with Mia, and how she reacted at the time. She clapped back with: “Erm… I don't really understand but I will try to explain as best as I can.  “Mia didn’t need me, she wanted her own way and was naughty.” DONT MISS:   Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears' [LATEST]  Prince William honours John Torode with MBE at Buckingham Palace [LATEST]  Chris Evans gives up 'very special' Jaguar previously owned by Queen [NEWS] Gemma then went on to tell her that like many parents, she and Gorka can identify when their child is genuinely in distress or whether they are simply having a temper tantrum.  She continued: “One thing all parents get to know is that there are different cries in their kids.”  Gemma went on to detail the different cries children make, which included the genuine cry, the tantrum cry, the whinge cry, and the fake cry.  Gemma then told the Instagram user that her daughter was having a tantrum cry. The former Strictly Come Dancing alumni, explained the method she chose to deal with the situation was so that her daughter would respect rules and boundaries in everyday life when she gets older. The star, who owns two pet dogs, also questioned why the Instagram user had linked her parenting with her attitude towards animals, adding: "I'm not sure how it's linked... When I was training Norman and Ollie as pups if they chewed the furniture or had a poo inside they were taught it was wrong and put in their cage for 5 mins until they learnt. I now have two very behaved happy dogs."   Gemma signed off her message by saying: “My mum was always firm but fair with us, we never got our own way if naughty or rude, and neither will Mia."   It’s not the first time Gemma has been criticised by social media users.  Last month she was slammed by a dog trainer for letting her daughter Mia pull on her dog's collar.  Prior to that, the star was blasted for giving her daughter a dummy, not giving her daughter a hat to wear when she was a baby, and breastfeeding techniques.