Premier League clubs could have the chance to land themselves a bargain at the end of the season, with Inter Milan reportedly desperate to balance their books. The Serie A side are currently second in the league and an almighty 13 points behind impressive league leaders Napoli. Simone Inzaghi’s side have impressed of late, with their poor form at the start of the season potentially costing them a title charge. The Italian may especially regret those early results as he knows that he will have a new-look squad to work with next season. According to TuttoSport, Inter need to raise £53million by the 30th of June and are hoping to use the opening of the English market to their advantage. Express Sport takes a look at five stars that the ‘Big Six’ could look to sign… Alessandro Bastoni Central defender Alessandro Bastoni has been linked with a move to England on numerous occasions, cited as being one of the brightest young defenders in Europe. Tottenham and Manchester City have both been credited with holding an interest in the 23-year-old, and with his current contract expiring in 2024, the summer could see him become available if extension talks continue to stall. Marcelo Brozovic Croatia international Marcelo Brozovic has been a stalwart at the San Siro since joining the club in 2024, though Inter may feel it is the right time to move the 30-year-old on. The midfielder is an experienced leader that can provide a touch of class in the centre of the park, and it would be no surprise to see Manchester United reignite their interest in the star knowing that he could be sold on the cheap. Nicolo Barella There has been immense interest in Nicolo Barella over the years, and the playmaker could become incredibly sought after once again at the end of the season. The Italy international has shone in the Serie A for several seasons and would prove a valuable asset for any of the Premier League’s top sides. With a Transfermarkt valuation of £62m, Inter could achieve their financial goals in just one negotiation by selling Barella. Denzel Dumfries Right-wing back Denzel Dumfries is of interest to several Premier League outfits, with Chelsea particularly keen on the Netherlands international. The former PSV star is an attacking threat that is also defensively sound, and his versatility could prove very attractive to tactically-flexible sides. Inter are reportedly willing to sell Dumfries at the end of the season, though his transfer fee may not meet the £52m mark required. Lautaro Martinez Several top clubs are set to be in the market for a No 9 in the summer, and Argentina international Lautaro Martinez could be seen as an ideal acquisition. The 25-year-old has scored 12 and assisted three in 21 league appearances, with his direct style and pace causing defences numerous issues. Inter may, however, be reluctant to part ways with the forward if they do not sign Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea on a permanent deal – which could open the door to a swap deal for the Blues, but that will not help Inter achieve their targets financially.