Aaron Rodgers is still currently a Green Bay Packers player, although doubts continue to creep in over his immediate future with the franchise. Rodgers has been with the organisation since being drafted in 2005, and American sports host Colin Cowherd once compared his situation to Prince Harry. It was claimed even back in 2021 that Rodgers felt stuck at the Packers, a team that Cowherd compared to the Royal family as they were one of the first 'dynasties' of the NFL. Rodgers has been linked with a move away from the Packers for some time, although it seemed like he'd put that to rest last year when he signed a new three-year deal. However, speculation this off-season suggests he's closer to leaving than ever after Rodgers claimed "it could be time to step away" after missing the play-offs. The hatchet between Prince Harry and the Royal family may now be buried, but during the peak of the incident Cowherd drew comparisons with Rodgers' situation. It was claimed by The Athletic in 2021 that Rodgers was mocking general manager Brian Gutekunst in team group chats, and Cowherd is sure that he doesn't want to be there. Rodgers mocked Gutekunst in group chats with his team-mates in Green Bay according to a report from Bob McGinn, and when reacting to the news, Cowherd said that the quarterback is like the Prince - who wanted to get away. "You know what this is? It's Prince Harry in the Royal family," Cowherd said. "It's like 'I know I was born into the Royal family, but I don't want to live in rainy England'. It's like 'I don't want to deal with the Queen, I'm not the heir anyway'. "It's like 'I know it's the Royal family but I'm with a beautiful woman, it's over'. That's Aaron Rodgers. He didn't pick the Packers. They picked him and it was doomed to fail. "Prince Harry didn't choose the Royal family, they chose him and he looks around thinking 'this isn't who I am, I don't wanna live this life'." Prince Harry appears happy with Meghan Markle in his new life, and Cowherd doesn't blame him. But the host thinks that Rodgers could depart the Packers and make a similar move, with vast interest in the 39-year-old from across the league. The New York Jets and the Las Vegas Raiders are said to be interested, with both franchises wanting an experienced quarterback. The Raiders have finally released Derek Carr, and now have roughly $50million to work with ahead of the 2023 season. The Jets have stated they want a 'veteran quarterback' to help with Zach Wilson, but for now, Rodgers remains a Packers player.