Phil Vickery, who split from his ex-wife Fern Britton in 2020, stunned fans after he penned a message on Wednesday night. The This Morning chef did not go into further details after he shared the tweet in view of his 49,800 followers. The ITV favourite took to the micro-blogging site and wrote: "Well, well, well, it’s amazing what pops out of the woodwork!!!." The on-screen chef added a cheeky wink emoji before he was inundated with queries. Twitter user, Ola wrote: "Intrigued," while Robin added a series of question marks. Paula wrote: "Oh dear. What might that be." READ MORE: Stacey Solomon's Sort Your Life Out accused of animal cruelty Absolutely Fabulous tweeted: "Ooh what's popped up. Sounds intriguing you handsome man you." Marilou quizzed: "Can you explain what you mean?" Mandy added: "You can't make a statement like that without explaining what you are on about !! That means two options if you don't want to explain, don't make tweets like this, or tell all so people understand what you're on about." Phil is yet to dish on the details surrounding his cryptic message.  The ITV chef has been a part of the This Morning family for over 17 years with viewing figures in excess of 3 million and he is regarded as one of Britain's favourite chefs. He recently opened up about his time on the daytime show and admitted he wouldn't moan if they axed him. Despite his long-term career on TV, Phil has decided that once This Morning lets him go he will stop appearing on-screen altogether. Speaking to Kaye Adams on her How To Be 60 podcast, Phil candidly admitted he won’t “whinge” when his time on This Morning comes to an end. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden breaks silence on 'feud' with BGT's Bruno Tonioli[LATEST]Piers Morgan slams 'wokie' Alan Cumming as actor 'p***ing him off'[TWITTER]Rita Ora flashes underwear in see-through look as diamond ring shines[PICTURES] Kaye asked Phil what will happen when he steps into his “third act” and whether he would leave the TV world altogether and find something else. Phil, who previously appeared in BBC's Ready Steady Cook, said: “When This Morning stops for me, I’ll be gone. I’ll be gone completely.” The celebrity chef continued: “I won’t be there whinging about, kicking about after 25 years. “I’ll be like, ‘It’s just the way it is. That’s what happens in telly.’” The culinary star addressed his busy working schedule and making the long journey back to Cornwall to see his daughter, who he shares with ex-wife Fern. "You get this guilt feeling of 'I should be working today'. Well no, why should I?" he challenged. "Enough work, you don't need to work, go and enjoy yourself!" This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am.