Chelsea appeared to poke fun at Arsenal with their parting message to Jorginho following the midfielder's deadline-day move to the Emirates Stadium. The Gunners managed to sign Jorginho for a transfer fee of around £12million after giving up on their pursuit of Brighton anchor Moises Caicedo, who ultimately stayed at the Amex Stadium after being denied the opportunity to move elsewhere. Jorginho left Chelsea with the best wishes of everybody at Stamford Bridge after helping the west Londoners to win the Champions League title in 2021 and will be expected to play a major part in helping Arsenal's surprise title bid between now and the end of the season. The Blues aimed a thinly-veiled dig at their cross-city rivals as part of a classy thank-you message to Jorginho, though, by pointing out the midfielder's starring role in their comfortable victory over Arsenal in the Europa League final four years ago."Many of Jorginho’s best performances came in European competition," read the message on Chelsea's official website. "He starred in Baku at the end of his first season when we thumped Arsenal 4-1, and the midfielder played a pivotal role en route to Champions League glory in 2021, starting all but one of our knockout games as we conceded just twice and shut out Manchester City in the Porto final."It remains to be seen how Jorginho will fare under the guidance of Mikel Arteta at Arsenal, who had been chasing the addition of a new midfielder to provide injury cover for the likes of Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny in the engine room. He could be poised to make his Premier League debut for the Gunners against Everton on Saturday, with Arsenal set to go up against new Toffees manager Sean Dyche in his first game in charge. JUST IN: Piers Morgan and John Terry in tense exchange as Chelsea icon aims dig Arteta spoke of his delight after the signing of Jorginho was confirmed with just hours left in the January transfer window, telling the club's official channels: "Jorginho is a midfield player with intelligence, deep leadership skills and a huge amount of Premier League and international experience."Jorginho has won in his career, but he still has the hunger and huge willingness to contribute here. We are so pleased to sign Jorginho and welcome him and his family to the club." The player himself also insisted that he was excited to get going after moving across London to join Arsenal on a relatively short-term deal until the summer of 2024. He went on to underline the importance of Arteta in getting the deal done, saying: "He was a big influence because I know that he tried a few times to get me before and it didn’t happen due to other reasons, not because of my wishes."So of course, he had a big influence. I’m very excited for this new challenge, and I just can’t wait to be on the pitch to be honest! Everything has happened so fast. I was a bit surprised, but I took the opportunity of this amazing challenge. It’s an important shirt, it’s an amazing club, a big one, and I’m really excited and happy to be here." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.