Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has spoken out on Manchester City's situation after the Premier League charged them for 115 financial breaches. Ten Hag is the first manager to address the row amid one of the biggest scandals in the competition's history. On Monday, the Premier League announced a four-year investigation had found that Man City had breached financial rules over 100 times from 2009 to 2018. Possible punishments range from spending limits, transfer bans, points deductions and expulsion from the top flight. City could also be stripped of their six Premier League titles in a scenario where three would be alternatively awarded to United for finishing second in the respective seasons. Ahead of Wednesday's game against Leeds United at Old Trafford, Ten Hag was the first manager asked about City's potential Premier League punishment. But the United boss was tight-lipped about the situation, insisting that his focus when on his club amid a hectic period in the season. JUST IN: Man City 'have Pep Guardiola quit belief' amid Premier League row He told reporters: "I don't have an opinion because I'm not here for financial regulations. I am a football manager. I have to stick to that, and others have to deal with that." City's sanctions could directly impact United if imposed this season, given that Ten Hag's side are just three points behind their Manchester rivals in third. A points deduction would put United in pole position for second place and even raise the prospect of a late title challenge if they maintain their winning form. But it comes as no surprise that Ten Hag had little to say about City's latest controversy, with two games in five days against Leeds on the agenda. To some fans, there isn't a bigger fixture on the calendar. DON'T MISS Leeds interim Michael Skubala details Jesse Marsch's goodbyes to staffMan Utd learn Ansu Fati transfer stance as Barcelona 'plan sale'Man Utd stars on collision course with coach they nicknamed Ted Lasso United travel to Elland Road for the second successive clash with Leeds on Sunday, potentially with a new face in the opposition dug-out. Before Leicester City visit Old Trafford next weekend, the Red Devils travel to Barcelona for the first leg of their Europa League knockout play-off. The second leg will be played in M16 the following week, just three days before the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle United at Wembley Stadium on February 26. United could end the month second in the Premier League, with their first piece of silverware since 2017 and a place in the Europa League last 16. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here