The United States already boasts the most races of any nation on the Formula 1 calendar, but Christian Horner would like to see one more added to the list. That's after Red Bull's chief fronted the team's livery launch in New York on Friday and touted the city to stage its own pitstop in future. The addition of the Las Vegas Grand Prix at the back-end of this year's schedule has ensured F1 will hold a new record of 23 races in 2023. The Nevada date comes after Miami joined the programme in 2022, while the United States Grand Prix first made its F1 debut in Austin, Texas, back in 1959. New York was originally tipped to host its maiden F1 race in 2013, although the actual street circuit would have been located in New Jersey, just across the Hudson River. The idea was spiked after several more failed attempts to join the rotation in the years that followed, but Horner has thrown his support behind a potential revival in the not-too-distant future. "It would be amazing," he told the Daily Mail when asked about the prospect of competing in Manhattan. "Racing in big cities in the U.S. is really exciting. A race here in the Big Apple, for example, what a spectacle that would be. READ MORE Sebastian Vettel could remain in F1 role despite walking away from sport  "You can never say never [to a fourth US race]. We've got other North American races as well, with Montreal, and there's certainly demand for it, so why not? It's great that there's that much interest in Formula 1 in the U.S.. We're fortunate to race in great venues, whether it's the street circuit of Miami, or the track in Austin. . .Vegas this year is going to be an absolutely insane event too." Las Vegas is expected to quickly become one of the more lavish events on the F1 calendar, with a selection of $5million 'Emperor Package' deals available for certain high rollers. The inaugural race will take place on November 18 this year and features as the penultimate stage of the campaign, just ahead of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. The United States will once again be represented on the grid this year after Logan Sargeant replaced Canadian Nicholas Latifi at Williams. Mario Andretti was the most recent American to win an F1 race at the 1978 Dutch Grand Prix, while a U.S. driver hasn't started a race in the sport since former Marussia driver Alexander Rossi in 2015. DON'T MISS Russian F1 star makes appeal to FIA after return to racing since ban F1 team boss claims Mohammed ben Sulayem 'has to go' as pressure mounts on FIA Red Bull's five craziest car designs including special Star Wars and Superman liveries    F1 organisers are making a concerted effort to capitalise on the sport's burgeoning American market following the success of the Netflix series, 'Drive to Survive'. And even Horner has noticed his own profile rising across the pond, instilling a hunger to divert more resources to that part of the world. "The sport is growing exponentially, globally, but particularly in the U.S.," continued Red Bull's boss of 18 years. "You feel it when you arrive, the guy at immigration knows who you are. It's a step change from where it was previously, and the more we build on that and use that momentum the better."