When they first began the show, Dermot and Josie announced they would be witnessing a live proposal on air. This Morning viewer Dan had taken his girlfriend Ellen away for to London for Valentine's Day, but had planned for a singer and backup dancers to appear for a special proposal. As Ellen said yes to Dan's marriage proposal, Josie was left in tears at the beautiful moment. As the dancers revealed their tops which laid out "Will you marry me?", Dan said: "Since the day I met you, Ellen, you have made me so happy. "Every day, you're perfect. I just want to spend the rest of my life with you, which is why I want to ask you to marry me." As the pair both broke down in tears, Ellen laughed and exclaimed: "Yeah!" Back in the studio, Josie also got emotional and said: "That was beautiful!" to which Dermot added: "Oh we are welling up over here! READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments "Ellen and Dan! This is Dermot O'Leary and Josie Gibson from This Morning, you are live on ITV Congratulations!" Josie continued: "A massive congratulations to you, Ellen, how are you feeling?" Overwhelmed with what had just happened she expressed: "Oh my goodness, I am so shocked! I can't stop crying." Josie added: "Well we have another surprise for you. How would you like to finish off your date, live in the This Morning studio" Dan and Ellen were left stunned once again and took Josie up on her offer, before crying once again. Viewers of the show were also left stunned at the live proposal and took to their Twitter accounts to congratulate the happy couple. @missohloola celebrated: "Aww that proposal! That's love that is. #thismorning." @emmabrown81 commented: "I thought my pregnancy hormones had settled but I’ve just cried at someone proposing on this morning #ThisMorning DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [WATCH]Eamonn Holmes to be joined by ex Loose Women star on GB News [INSIGHT] Emma Ellis added: "Such a lovely way to be proposed to! Extravagant so then she will never forget it!" David Ambles said: "Oh bless Josie crying at the proposal! Was a very sweet thing and something they will both cherish forever." @louibell34 praised: "@thismorning Congratulations to them both on their engagement." (sic) Another surprise addition to the Valentine's Day show came in the form of Italian TV Chef, Gino D'Acampo. Josie told viewers: "Gino is back today, to not only cook but sing today. Good Morning Gino." He replied: "Bonjourno, thank you for having me here. It's today's Valentine's - there are so many recipes I could do but I wanted to keep it simple and keep it light. "I want to keep it delicate, not too expensive and with an explosion of flavours. "Because the problem with Valentine's, the biggest mistake that everybody makes is to spend too much time in the kitchen and very little time in the bedroom." His cheeky comment left the presenters stunned as they warned him to keep his humour clean. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.