Lando Norris ditched life in the UK for the glamour of Monaco last year after securing an extension to his McLaren deal. Norris is now considered one of the hottest properties in racing but still finds time to enjoy a spectacular lifestyle away from the circuit. According to Essentially Sports, Norris has an eye-watering net worth of £20.5million ($25m). Express Sport takes a look inside the life of the British star. Norris used to live in Surrey near McLaren’s HQ in Woking but moved to Monaco over 12 months ago. The youngster had previously denied he wanted to move to the Principality as he enjoyed his life in the UK. He even went as far as suggesting he “would not enjoy” Monaco as he would be away from family and friends. However, he announced he had made the move to followers on Instagram back in November 2021. He has not posted any images of his flat, but told the media it had a “nice view” after completing his purchase. According to 21 Motoring, Norris has the keys to a collection of stunning McLaren supercars. He reportedly owns a £248,800 ($301,000) McLaren 720S and £169,000 ($204,500) McLaren 570 GT. The 720S is capable of up to 212 mph and can reach 0-60 mph in just 2.8 seconds. Norris also has also been spotted next to a smaller McLaren GT but the V8 engine is still capable of over 600hp. READ MORE: Lando Norris 'matches' Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton Norris was recently dating Portuguese model Luisinha Oliveira but the pair split after F1's summer break. The news came as a shock after the pair appeared smitten with each other in a range of loved-up snaps. Just weeks before they separated, Norris had posed with his arm around Luisinha on a trip to celebrate their anniversary. However, he later posted on social media: “Hello everyone. After time and consideration, Luisa and myself have mutually decided to end our relationship but remain good friends. “I wish her the world and have so much respect for her and all she does as an amazing and strong woman with nothing but kindness.” Norris enjoyed a mid-season break to Ibiza with then girlfriend Luisinha. The pair were spotted strolling on the beach, paddling in the water and even enjoying a boat trip. Last winter, Norris also enjoyed a trip to Dubai with the model, uploading pics of themselves kissing after driving a dune buggy. DON'T MISSLando Norris 'matches' Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton tipped to play role in Ferrari trying to sign Norris [ANALYSIS]Norris issues strong demand to McLaren in latest concern for Brown [COMMENT] Like fellow F1 stars Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc, Norris is a keen gamer and regularly gets involved in sim racing. He has established his own gaming and lifestyle brand, Quadrant, which is aiming to become one of the biggest communities in esports. The 23-year-old is also a keen golfer and even took part in a PGA Pro-AM tournament with Tyrrell Hatton in September. Speaking to Golf Digest, he admitted: “I’m fully addicted, like I can’t describe how addicted I am to golf. “I watch it every weekend. I’m looking at the scores. I’m watching the live streams. The golf bug has really bit me hard, but it’s really enjoyable.” Norris doesn’t own a private plane like paddock friend Verstappen. However, he doesn't have to fly on commercial planes to get to races. McLaren has a partnership with FAI Aviation Group with the team understood to enjoy access to their suite of Bombardier jets. Norris posed next to one of the planes ahead of the final race in Abu Dhabi, adding the caption: “One last flight of the year before I go and spend xmas with the fam. thanks for the ride @fai_aviation_group.”