Just minutes after a girl was born under the wreckage of a collapsed building in Syria, a man rescued the newborn from under the rubble. The footage shows the miraculous baby being brought to safety in the arms of a rescuer in Jenderes, in the northeastern region ravaged by Monday's 7.8-magnitude earthquake. However, while the young child made it through, it is believed that her mother perished shortly after giving birth. Local media reports that the pregnant woman, who was relocated from the Deir Ezzor province of Syria, gave birth during the earthquake, which has so far claimed more than 5,000 lives in Turkey and Syria. A rescuer carrying the tiny newborn across a mess of twisted metal, cracked concrete, and barbed wire as they fled the destroyed building is seen on video. To keep the infant warm and alive, another man chases after the first one while carrying a dusty green blanket. Residents watched as both a tragedy and a miracle played out in front of them. While the infant is currently being cared for, it is believed that the rest of her family died in the earthquake. The footage was reportedly shot in a rural location close to the city of Aleppo, which was seriously damaged by the 7.8-magnitude earthquake that slammed both Syria and Turkey on Monday. The fortress in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir and the old city of Aleppo, Syria, were both damaged, according to Unesco, with at least three more world heritage sites potentially impacted. According to a statement from Unesco, the organisation was "particularly concerned" about Aleppo's old city, which has been on its list of cultural sites that are endangered because of the Syrian civil war since 2013. READ MORE: Turkish survivors tell 'hellish scenes' after deadly earthquake "Significant damage has been noted in the citadel. The western tower of the old city wall has collapsed and several buildings in the souks have been weakened," the Unesco report said. Dozens of powerful aftershocks continued to jolt southern Turkey and northern Syria on Tuesday, complicating rescue operations in the region. Rescue attempts were further impeded by challenging circumstances, including icy conditions, and damaged roadways. The World Health Organisation issued a warning that there could be more than 20,000 casualties as the scope of the 7.8 magnitude tremor's destruction continued to become clear. Fuat Oktay, vice-president of Turkey, reported that 3,419 people had died and 20,534 had been injured as a result of the earthquake. The death toll in both countries now stands at 5,021, with 1,602 more verified deaths on the Syrian side of the border. The disaster management organisation in Turkey reported receiving 11,342 reports of collapsed buildings, of which 5,775 were verified. DON'T MISS:Turkey earthquake horror could see 10,000 dead [REPORT] FIFA's Gianni Infantino issues statement amid Christian Atsu concerns [REPORT] Christian Atsu still yet to be found in Turkey earthquake rubble [REPORT] The 7.8 magnitude earthquake was a strike-slip quake, say specialists. It takes place when two tectonic plates travel past one another horizontally. In this instance, according to research geologist Alex Hatem of the USGS, "one plate migrated west while the other plate went east." At least 13 nations from the European Union are among the foreign governments that have hurried to provide supplies, troops, and equipment to aid in the rescue operation. The UK has already dispatched 76 search-and-rescue personnel, together with equipment, dogs, and an emergency medical team, to Turkey, and is speaking with the UN about providing aid to Syrian victims. READ NEXT:Ghana FA and Newcastle 'pray' for Christian Atsu after Turkey quakeAftermath of Turkey tremor laid bare as monuments turned to rubbleYou can help Turkey and Syria recover from devastating earthquakeFears grow over missing ex-Chelsea ace caught up in Turkey earthquakeMassive new earthquake of magnitude 7.5 strikes Turkey