A six-year-old girl in the US "won't be able to smile again" after suffering devastating injuries during a pit bull attack, according to a family friend. Little Lily Norton was attacked by a dog last week and flown urgently to hospital for treatment. She underwent an 11-hour procedure and required over 1,000 stitches from under her eyes to the top of her neck. Lily, from Chesterville, Maine, had to be sedated while being flown 177 miles to Boston, Massachusetts. Family friend CJ Pitcher said she would remain under sedation to keep her from scratching the stitches. He said the swelling had gone down and doctors had kept her on a breathing tube until a second operation took place on February 25. Pitcher said: "Her salivary glands aren’t working. And doctors said she won’t be able to smile again." Lily's mother Dorothy was able to be at her side since the attack but her father Leo had to return to Maine to take care of their eldest daughter and son. JUST IN: China could 'take out the entire US' with huge coordinated spy balloon attack Pitcher had his son Jackson set up an online fundraiser to help the Norton family cope with the costs of the surgeries as well as any additional treatment. The page features a picture of six-year-old Lily laying in her intensive care unit bed to show donors the effects. Pitcher said he debated whether to include the image but argued people often ignore the reality of dog attacks and needed to be made aware. He told local newspaper The Sun Journal: "Everybody hears about dog attacks, but they can’t really picture in their head what that looks like. So, we put it up." READ MORE: US winter storm: Insane moment 80 mph wind blows caravan into river Animal Control said they could not comment on the incident due to the ongoing investigation. Pitcher claimed the dog that attacked Lily belonged to a relative of a neighbour of the Norton Family. He also claimed the neighbour was watching when the dog mauled the little girl. The fundraised for Lily has raised over £42,000 ($50,000) since Pitcher's son set it up last week. The initial goal was $6,500. DON'T MISSBiden claims document debacle 'fundamentally different' to Trump [INSIGHT]Hollywood sign disappears in LA blizzard amid record-breaking storm [ANALYSIS]Pensioner, 80, mauled to death as police use axe to control dogs [VIDEO] Dorothy Norton updated her Facebook profile on Lily's condition, saying she is now awake and walking around. She wrote: "Update on Miss Lily. She was up and walking/speed walking. Drinking juice. "And telling us when she needed to potty. We love you Peanut." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews