Strictly star Motsi Mabuse reposted a ten second clip of a tense-looking moment between Ben Affleck and wife Jennifer Lopez at the awards ceremony. Some fans thought he looked "bored" and she appeared at one point to roll her eyes. Ben's demeanour has been widely mocked all over social media, with countless memes being created about why he might look so uninterested - and now Motsi has joined the discussion. "You need to know where and where not to take your husband lol," she wrote, punctuating her point with a tears of laughter emoji. She then added, in response to a Twitter user who had claimed to feel sorry for Ben, "I actually feel for both of them!" Last year, Ben and Jennifer rekindled their romance and married after almost 20 years apart. READ NOW: Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady In other clips from the 2023 Grammy Awards, Jennifer could be seen dancing excitedly to 25-time Grammy winner Stevie Wonder's performance of Higher Ground, but Ben's body stayed completely rigid, while he maintained a stony-faced look. He had looked equally uncomfortable when seated with Jennifer at their table, and even when they congratulated award winner Bad Bunny. His wife had been at the ceremony to present the gong for Best Pop Vocal Album, which was clinched by Harry Styles for Harry's House. After watching coverage of the event, Twitter fan @mitpool exclaimed: "He looks like he'd rather be at the dentist than the Grammys." "Ben Affleck, blink if you're okay," quipped @chicksintheoff, attaching a close-up photo of Ben's expressionless face. Others made comparisons to Britney Spears being asked to give coded signs that she was in distress, such as wearing yellow clothes, during social media posts she made while in her strict conservatorship. DON'T MISS... Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys [LATEST] Pregnant Gemma Atkinson lifts weights in gym despite growing baby bump [PICTURES] Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old [DEBATE] Jennifer could scarcely stop grinning as she modelled a sheer navy blue dress studded with Swarovski crystals. However, having one of the world's most beautiful women by his side at this month's most prestigious showbiz event seemed not to be enough to break Ben out of his daze - and the memes kept coming. Some compared him to a disgruntled dog who'd been bathed against his will, sharing pictures of canines with their heads wrapped in towels. @zoectjones enquired: "Why does Ben Affleck look like he's 10 minutes away from crying during a much needed smoke break?" The star had previously made a poignant admission about having suffered from serious alcohol addiction. Tellingly, he shared with WSJ magazine: "The only real cure for alcoholism is suffering. "You just hope that your threshold for suffering is met somewhere before it destroys your life." Ben, who attended rehab in 2001, 2017 and 2018 to name a few occasions, said he had learnt important "lessons" from the experience, even when things had ended in "failure".