Lola Pearce (played by Danielle Harold) and Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) are now strapped for cash on EastEnders. The lovers have just returned from their honeymoon and their financial troubles are now at the forefront of their minds. Will they be able to sort out their money problems on the BBC soap soon?  The couple start to become desperate about their financial situation in upcoming scenes. However, neither one wants to worry the other about their money concerns. Without communicating, they seek help from friends behind each other's backs and have no idea they are asking the same person for support. They individually approach Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) for his help through this tough time. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error  The Walford resident has been a pillar for them ever since Lola was diagnosed with a brain tumour last year. He's the father of Lola's daughter and has been close to Jay for years, so he has no problems lending them a helping hand. Lola and Jay also have her mother Emma Harding (Patsy Kensit) for support. After all, she gave them the cash for their honeymoon as she wanted to make up for all the lost time between herself and Lola.  Lola was abandoned by Emma as a young child but it recently came to light that she was forced out of her life by Lola's abusive dad. Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) has not been as welcoming about Emma's arrival as Lola. As her granddad, he pointed out to Emma that Lola could not be bought to get close to her. Emma arrived in Walford in recent weeks after finding out Lola was dying. DON'T MISS... EastEnders producer teases Mick Carter might be alive [UPDATE]Danny Dyer 'starstruck' by pregnant daughter's footballer boyfriend [INSIGHT]EastEnders couple ripped apart as Rocky Cotton's ex Jo arrives  [THEORY] However, Emma actress Patsy has confirmed she has finished filming her final scenes for the soap. She penned: "We're leaving on a jet plane! Don't know when I'll be back again… Going to the heat. "Great news this Friday that my severe chest infection I've nursed since December has now been diagnosed and I’m on the right antibiotics and need to convalesce for a bit and will be right back on my feet!!!   "Cannot thank my amazing cast members for the simply awesome experience I’ve had working on @EastEnders for being so kind and loving to me." (sic) Patsy added: "Big thank you to the BBC, the producer's writers crew and the EE family. "Costume makeup AD's Ang at the help desk... Jamie and Danielle for making me laugh my a**e off every day. I love you both… Emma Barton.. so many people…. A new adventure begins." (sic) EastEnders airs Mondays to Thursdays on BBC One at 7.30pm.  