The financial institution confirmed new Fixed Rate Online Bonds and Fixed Rate Branch Bonds will be available to savers. These latest savings products can be accessed via Nationwide Building Society as of January 31, 2023. This announcement came just before the Bank of England’s confirmation that the base rate will be raised to four percent, which will see “another boost” given to savers when it comes to interest rates. With the launch of this range of products, Nationwide Building Society’s savings bonds have the following interest rates: READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Each of the interest rates for the online and branch bond are available for balances of £1 or more. Customers can open the Online Bonds via the Nationwide Building Society website, Internet Bank or Banking app. In comparison, the building society’s Fixed Rate Bonds accounts can be opened by visiting the branch. All previous one, two and three year Fixed Rate Online Bonds, one and two year Fixed Rate Bonds and Inheritance ISA were withdrawn on January 30. On February 2, the Bank of England confirmed its tenth consecutive hike to interest rates in the last year as it attempts to rein in inflation. As it stands, the base rate is now at four percent which means savers are likely to receive “another boost” in the weeks ahead. Despite this homeowners and people in debt are concerned as the rate on their repayments are likely to go up in the near future. On top of this, the interest rates on savings accounts have been unable to compete directly with the UK’s soaring inflation rate. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Danni Hewson, AJ Bell financial analyst, broke down what those with savings accounts can expect in the near future. The financial expert explained: “Savers are expected to get another boost from today’s rate rise. “But only if they seek out the best rates instead of leaving their cash languishing in their current account or in old savings accounts that haven’t moved with the times. “This time last year the top easy access account was paying just 0.71 percent. Today it’s three percent, and the top two-year fixed rate account has gone from 1.62 percent to a healthy 4.45 percent.” According to the financial analyst, another interest rate increase could be possible before the Bank of England stops its interventions. Ms Hewson added: “With markets predicting at least one more rate hike cycle, savers might want to hold fire on locking in their money assuming the full benefit of the hike will be passed on to savers. “But it seems the savings war has lost a lot of its heat and even with careful money management the rates on offer for cash savings are still eclipsed by inflation currently running at 10.5 percent.” The next base rate announcement by the Bank of England will take place on March 23, 2023.