Talks to tie Lewis Hamilton down to a lucrative new Mercedes contract are no secret, but as it stands he reportedly lags behind one of his competitors in the F1 salary charts. Reigning double world champion Max Verstappen leads the way, although things could change if the Brit extends his stay with the Silver Arrows on renewed terms. Only the legendary Michael Schumacher can match Hamilton's haul of seven Drivers' Championships, while the Mercedes man stands alone in terms of Grand Prix wins with 103 under his belt. Verstappen is 13 years younger but he has plenty of catching up to do, with two world titles so far and just over a third of Hamilton's total race victories. Still, the Dutchman's spectacular recent success saw him sign a mega-money contract in March last year, keeping him tied to Red Bull until 2028. With a £45million salary for the 2023 season, according to RacingNews365, the 25-year-old stands alone as the best-paid F1 star on the grid. DON'T MISS: Inside Martin Brundle’s house, cars, family and hobbies with £83million net worth  Despite his vast achievements in the sport, Hamilton lags a long way behind with his current deal netting him £29m per season, according to the same report. With the Mercedes star's deal poised to expire at the end of the year, both he and team boss Toto Wolff claim that initial talks have taken place regarding a new agreement. Hamilton repeated his desire to stick around during the Mercedes W14 launch earlier this month, cracking a cheeky smile at Wolff as if to suggest something is in the works. The Brit may as well smile, too, amid claims from sports business outlet Sportune that his new deal may be worth a colossal £62m per season. That would take Hamilton back above Verstappen as the top earner in F1, despite lagging behind his rival on the track last season. The Red Bull ace set a new record by notching 15 Grand Prix wins in a single year, powering to a convincing title 12 months after pipping the seven-time champ in a tense Abu Dhabi finale. Hamilton will be on a mission to exact revenge and put himself above Schumacher as the most decorated F1 driver of all time by winning an eighth title in 2023. He recently admitted that he 'does not plan on being anywhere else', strongly suggesting that he will sign on the dotted line and finish his career with the Silver Arrows. "I love working with the team," Hamilton told Sky Sports News. "This has been my life for such a long time and I feel currently fit enough and deserving of my position - so I'm going to continue to go for a bit. "Of course our goal is to win a world championship. I'm not thinking about eight... I think about a championship like it's my first. I believe I've got the right team in order to do that. I'd be so proud to do that for this team again. It's an exciting time for the team. And I don't plan on being anywhere else."