Sasha Walpole, the unnamed "older woman" who took Prince Harry's virginity, has returned to her day job as a digger driver. At 40, Ms Walpole is only two years older than the Duke of Sussex, and one year younger than Harry's wife, Meghan Markle. The 40-year-old was spotted expertly driving a dumper truck and a digger on a building site in Wiltshire, the Mail revealed. On a cold morning in the South-West of England, Ms Walpole, who claimed that all she wanted to do was "hide back under a rock" when being the first person that Harry had sex with, was more than 5000 miles away from Montecito, where the Duke now lives with Meghan and their two children. Ms Walpole, who also has two children, was thrown into the spotlight last month, after Harry revealed details of how he had lost his virginity as a teenager. Harry claimed that he had had sex with an older woman, although not revealing any other details except that she had a love of horses and treated him like a "young stallion". READ MORE: Camilla chooses Diana's favourite designer for Coronation as they have 'close friendship' Harry, who was 16 at the time, revealed that the then-unnamed woman had "smacked my rump and sent me off graze" after a "quick ride". Ms Walpole was, at the time, celebrating her 19th birthday and had only told her mother and sister about the encounter. Speaking to the Mail on Sunday, Ms Walpole revealed that her father remained oblivious until it was published in Spare, which was released worldwide on January 10. She said: "It is something your parents probably should never read. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan need to be 'good role models' with a strong brand to make money "The day after I had sex with Harry, I was in the kitchen at home and told my mum, but I didn't give details. "I think she was like, 'Ok'. She trusted me, she knew I was on the pill." Although she told she had told her dad, she now realises that he hadn't listened as "he didn't want to hear about what his teenage daughter was doing". Speaking of Harry's revelation, she told the newspaper: "It is awkward because of what Harry had written about me slapping his bum, really cringey." DON'T MISS Meghan & Harry to get 'co-star billing' at Coronation, expert claims [LATEST]Queen's 'dismay' at cuts to Dahl books as she makes plea to authors [REVEAL]Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home [SPOTLIGHT] Despite this she claims that she is "relieved" that the truth is out and that she can "get back to my life". Describing it as a "moment of madness", she adds that she doesn't regret the encounter. She added that Harry "hasn't contacted me and I don't think he will".