Naga Munchetty penned a heartfelt message to BBC World News assistant editor, Jamsheda Young, who announced she is leaving her role. The journalist was inundated with messages from her colleagues including a sweet note from the BBC Breakfast broadcaster. Naga, 47, praised Jamsheda for her work over the years at BBC World, as the assistant editor said there were "challenging times" ahead for the journalism industry. Jamsheda tweeted: "This was my last shift at the Beeb. What a privilege. My colleagues here and around the world are such good people, and they work hard day and night. "These are challenging times for our industry and a period of transition awaits the newsroom. I wish them luck! I’m on leave now." Naga was one of the first to reply, saying: "You're one of the best Jamsheda x." READ MORE: Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death Jamsheda replied: "You’re just brilliant Naga, we are lucky to have you." Others also offered kind words to the journalist, as Maryam penned: "An absolute pro and one of the best! You will be so missed! Good luck with your next adventure dear Jam x." Rob Watson tweeted: "It’s been a pleasure working with you. One of the best things about working at the BBC is the people you work with, people like you, who care about the stories we do, care about the audiences and care about trying as hard they can to get it right. Enjoy your leave and thanks x." Sam McAlister added: "Wonderful! Welcome to life outside xx."   Back in 2020, Jamsheda penned a tweet where she announced her role as assistant news editor. She wrote: "As of today, I’m the first assistant editor to be appointed at BBC World News, who happens to be a #Muslim woman of colour. It’s been a journey.  Earlier this month, Naga bid farewell to another BBC colleague as she penned a sweet tribute. DON'T MISS... Billie Shepherd cruelly slammed by trolls after sharing snaps of baby[LATEST]Richard Hammond blames crash where he ‘dented brain’ on ‘being short'[TV]James Martin fans accuse chef of 'selling his soul' with announcement[INSTAGRAM] BBC Breakfast journalist Kate Varley shared a photo of her co-stars on social media as she shared the news she was leaving. Naga, Charlie Stayt and Mike Bushell were among the famous faces who sat alongside Kate on the red sofa. Along with the snap of the BBC Breakfast team, she wrote: "Saying goodbye to this brilliant team this week. "@BBCBreakfast thanks for an incredible 4.5 years - I'll miss you!" She later wrote: "Next up: looking forward to new challenges at @morningireland (and finally moving back to Ireland after more than a decade away eeeks)." (sic) Kate's co-stars were quick to reply to the post, with many wishing her well in the future. Naga was one of the first to comment, telling Kate: "You will be greatly missed. 1 more to go..." "Thanks, Naga. Feels very real now! See you in the morning (I'm bringing treats)," Naga's colleague continued. 