Maya Jama was joined by her hairdresser, makeup artist and clothing stylist as they jetted off from the UK to Cape Town to record footage for last Friday and Saturday's episodes for the latest series of Love Island. They flew back to the UK, after just 24 hours in South Africa. On Friday, Maya was on screen for only five minutes and five seconds, and on Sunday she appeared for five minutes and 15 seconds. The scenes on both shows were filmed from the lavish villa at the same time. The foursome are believed to have flown on a commercial flight for both trips. According to reports, show insiders are dismayed that such an eco-unfriendly journey was made when ITV released a mandate which is headlined with the slogan: "The Biggest Shows with the Smallest Footprint". READ MORE: Simon Cowell, 63, shows off incredible weight loss in baggy jeans The UK average carbon footprint is about ten tonnes CO2 per person per year. The channel also publicly says it wants to be net zero by 2030, adding on its website: "We all have a part to play in tackling the climate crisis, at ITV we're focusing on the little changes that make a big impact." It went on: "Little changes you can make, here are some actions that we are taking at ITV that we can all do at home too." The website then urged viewers to walk, bike or bus - rather than use a car - eat more vegetables, repair and reuse items such as clothes, switch to renewable energy, and cut food waste.  ITV launched its campaign to help the environment in 2021 when they held their Climate Action Week which ran alongside Cop26. A Love Island source told MailOnline: "This is utterly hypocritical. "For ITV to come out and tell the general public how to improve their carbon footprint but then their show uses up so much of it for just ten minutes of a show seems wrong." A spokesman for ITV told Express.co.uk: "Love Island aims to achieve the highest standards of sustainability both on and off screen and our efforts have been recognised by achieving Bafta's 'albert Certification' standard, which is a requirement for all ITV shows.  DON'T MISS... Jane Moore on Vanessa Feltz's 'greatest revenge' after her own split[LATEST]Vanessa Feltz's ex gave her a list of areas to work on prior to split[ADMISSION]Lesley Joseph talks Birds of a Feather 'return' after she bid farewell[INTERVIEW] "We are entirely committed to tackling climate change and championing sustainability, and we always seek to influence our audience on how to live life in a sustainable way, through initiatives such as our pre-loved fashion partnership and reusable water bottles. "Additionally, this series, the Love Island Villa location generates its own electricity via solar panels and wherever possible we use local crews and local suppliers to lower our carbon footprint." Meanwhile, Maya recently enjoyed a short break from her presenting duties as she took our days off. In an Instagram story shared earlier this week, she said: "Me and the girlies are off. I had about four days off and I thought, 'F*** it, let's go on holiday." She then broke out into song, before adding: "The other girls are meeting us there." Maya has been flying between the UK and South Africa while filming for Love Island's winter season. She replaced Laura Whitmore - a former Love Island presenter. Love Island airs weekdays on ITV at 9pm.