A Big Mac burger is a classic menu item from McDonald's but one man claims to have found a hack which allows him to get a delicious burger for a cut of the price. Ashely Osbourne shares fast food hacks on his TikTok page @ozzy_on_a_mission, where he explained to followers how to save £1.71. However, the hack has caused some controversy in the comments section. In his video, Ashely explained how he orders two cheaper menu items with some additional extras to assemble the Big Mac himself. He said: "A McDonald's hack you all need to know about. A Big Mac burger is £4.09 but if you get two cheeseburgers at £1.19 each and add the burger sauce you will save yourself £1.71 and also have a free slice of bread. "But remember to remove the slice of bread, stack them together and then you have got a Big Mac. Thank me later." Although his method does create a similar style of burger to the Big Mac, including two patties, cheese and the middle layer of bread, commenters have pointed out it does not include all of the key ingredients of the menu classic. READ MORE: McDonald's announces major offer only available on one day A TikTok user named Tim said: "Sandwich sauce is not the same as the iconic Big Mac sauce, one of the main reasons people go for the Big Mac anyways." Another commenter said: "Nope, [there is] no salad in a cheeseburger." As well as the classic Big Mac sauce, the burger also includes iceberg lettuce - two ingredients which are not included with a cheeseburger. Instead, a cheeseburger comes with onions, mustard and ketchup. Other users claimed the patties used in a cheeseburger are different to those used in the Big Mac. "Cheeseburgers are tiny, so nothing like a Big Mac," said Scott. DON'T MISSItalian chef's warning over bolognese mistake most home cooks make [COMMENT]New online tool creates waste-free recipes from unwanted fruit and veg [EXPLAINER]I can't believe I'm sharing my pot roast recipe everybody loves' [RECIPE] Some users did put the hack to the test though. Nikolaki said: "Tried this many years ago in Sweden, but they don’t serve Burger Sauce as a dip, so they [are ] way ahead." [SIC] Roger added: "Tried it [and] got a double mayo. Deffo not a Big Mac." [SIC] An anonymous user expanded on why the sauces are different. They wrote: "Mcdonald's Sandwich sauce is the white sauce you get in the McChicken Sandwich." However, there is another way to get a cheaper Big Mac in certain stores when promotions are running. Some restaurants give out vouchers for discounted menu items, often including the Big Mac or a Big Mac meal. One anonymous TikTok user suggested: "Just complete the survey on any receipt and it's £1.99." A McDonald's worker named Dave confirmed this, saying: "McDonald's worker here...or cheapest option. Keep your receipt, fill in quick survey and get code for Big Mac and fries for 1.99." [SIC] Ashely isn't the only social media user sharing fast food hacks, with TikTok user @healthyjunkfood sharing a tip for "hot, fresh fries every time". The man behind the account explained: "Next time you hit up the drive-through ask for a medium fry with no salt. "We all know they will make it fresh and hot this way, but the new hack is when you roll up to the window and politely ask them for a medium cup and salt packets. "Pour a few salt packets into the cup, dump in your fries and shake them up. With the residual oil, the salt will stick to the fries nicely giving you hot, fresh salted fries."