Each Royal Family across Europe has different etiquette rules and protocols and in the UK, it is against royal protocol to touch members of the British Royal Family but in other countries like Spain, for instance, they have a more relaxed approach. The only time people can have physical contact with the British royals is when shaking their hands, according to tradition. The Spanish royals kiss one another on both cheeks when they meet and the King of Spain even kissed Queen Elizabeth on the cheek and on the hand on several occasions over the years. The then Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall tried to follow this greeting style in 2017 and kissed the King and Queen of Spain on both cheeks.  However, the moment looked a little awkward, especially because both women were wearing hats, and the British couple were not used to this tradition. READ MORE: Woman 'secretly' breastfeeds someone else's baby  A social media user commented on YouTube back then: "Prince Charles is looking beyond awkward as he and the Duchess of Cornwall welcome the King and Queen of Spain." The royal protocol dictates that two heirs to the throne, or the current monarch and the first in line, can't travel together and this is a rule that all royal households across Europe follow. However, some have been spotted over the years breaking this rule. In Spain for instance, King Felipe and his first daughter Princess Leonor are not allowed to travel together for safety reasons. This is to preserve the survival of the monarchy in the event of an accident, however, the pair have been seen in the same car on many occasions. Similarly, Prince William and his son Prince George have been seen disembarking the same plane on various royal engagements meaning they were travelling together. There is an exception to this rule and that is if the Queen grants permission. Presumably, the late Queen Elizabeth allowed Prince William and Prince George to travel by plane together on that occasion. Another royal protocol that the Spanish Royal Family follow meticulously is that the heir to the throne has to always stand by the King during official engagements.  King Felipe and Queen Letizia have been spotted many times asking their daughters to move around so Princess Leonor stands by the King and her sister Sofia stays close to Letizia. READ MORE: Woman walks out of date early after man asks for money for parking Although it is clear that the royals want to stick to this rule, the Spanish Princesses often forget about this. On social media, royal fans opined that this is a very old-fashion protocol and a "silly" rule to follow. Instagram user @juno.artemisa commented: "This is so silly, they are just kids. Who cares which one stands by their father!" Another one, @happynesspom, disagreed saying: "It's ok, some protocols are for understanding the changes and some for maintaining the balance..." All royal children across Europe have to go through etiquette and protocol training, including Kate and William's children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Royal children reportedly attend training "as soon as they're old enough to sit at a table," according to etiquette expert Myka Meier. "They are raised having formal meals, going to formal events and practising everything from voice levels to dressing appropriately to even, of course, how to curtsy and bow," she told People.