 The pop sensation, 64, was dragged online by fans, haters and even fellow celebrities after close-up photos of her emerged as she introduced Sam Smith and Kim Petras. Madonna has now taken to Instagram and Twitter, replying to the criticisms and blaming a long-lens camera for her appearance.   The Like A Virgin singer shared some behind-the-scenes snaps and videos from the Grammys on Instagram on Tuesday evening. While in the video the singer celebrated “love”, she didn’t hold back in the caption as she wrote directly to her critics. She wrote: “Once again I am caught in the glare of ageism and misogyny That permeates the world we live in. “A world that refuses to celebrate women past the age of 45 and feels the need to punish her If she continues to be strong-willed, hard-working and adventurous. READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's 'purge of the old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady  “I have never apologised for any of the creative choices I have made nor the way that I look or dress and I’m not going to start. “I have been degraded by the media since the beginning of my career but I understand that this is all a test and I am happy to do the trailblazing so that all the women behind me can have an easier time in the years to come. “In the words of Beyonce ‘You-won’t break my soul’, I look forward to many more years of subversive behavior - pushing boundaries -Standing up to the patriarchy - and Most of all enjoying my life.” She signed off: “Bow down b****s!” followed by a string of emojis.     The singer also fumed about the fact that people had been focusing on her looks instead of “what I said in my speech”. Madonna explained: “Many people chose to only talk about close-up photos of me taken with a long lens camera by a press photographer that would distort anyone’s face!!” Madonna also took the time to congratulate Kim Petras and Sam Smith who she introduced to perform on the evening. The pair later went on to win the Best Pop Duo gramophone for their song Unholy.  She lovingly declared “it was an honour” to introduce them and noted that while she wanted to present the Album of the Year award, she felt this was more important. The award-winning singer explained: “I thought it was more important that I present the first trans-woman performing at the Grammys— a history-making moment!! And on top of that she won a Grammy!!” Madonna then took to Twitter with a selfie featuring her hair and makeup from the evening, but opting for a more comfortable plain black shirt in place of her figure-hugging Grammys outfit. She wrote: “The world is threatened by my power and my stamina. My intelligence and my will to survive. “But they will never break me this is all the test.”  Piers Morgan has been an outspoken critic of Madonna, reacting to her most recent tweet with a string of laughing emojis. The media personality has seemingly lambasted the singer everywhere he found the opportunity. On Twitter, he denounced her as a “rude little madam” while in the New York Post he labelled her a “toe-curling, embarrassing shambles”. On his own TalkTV show, the journalist took aim at the performers too, calling Sam Smith “a bit cowardly” for dressing up in a red cloak with devil horns to perform the song Unholy.