 Rihanna, 34 has been so focused and excited for her Super Bowl halftime performance that the singer forgot her birthday is also just days away. In a new interview ahead of her groundbreaking show, the singer teased what fans can expect and revealed how motherhood made her decide to take the opportunity.   Speaking to Apple Music on Wednesday ahead of the 2023 Super Bowl Halftime Show on Sunday February 12, Rihanna said that becoming a mother eight months ago convinced her to take on the challenge. The Umbrella singer first got asked to be the show’s headliner when she was just three months postpartum, making her question herself and those offering her the opportunity. She told TV personality Nadeska Alexis: “I was like, 'You sure? Like, I'm three months postpartum. Should I be making major decisions like this right now? “I might regret this.' READ MORE: Fern Britton pines for past family life as she yearns to turn back time in emotional post  "But when you become a mom, there's just something that just happens where you feel like you can take on the world. “You can do anything and the Super Bowl is one of the biggest stages in the world." The musician admitted it is nerve wracking to take on a challenge of this magnitude, especially “because I haven’t been on stage in seven years”, but the singer feels she’s serving a higher purpose. Rihanna noted the importance of representation she’s bringing to the Super Bowl stage this year, and is most excited for her son to see it.    The Diamonds singer added: “Representing for immigrants, representing for my country Barbados, representing for black women everywhere. “That’s key and I’m honoured to be here, I’m honoured to be doing this.” Being a mother has also made the somewhat reclusive pop star even more selective of when she will appear “at work”. She declared: “Work is always something that is going to rob you of time with your child. That’s the currency goes.  “When you make decisions on what you’re going to say yes to it has to be worth it.” The Grammy-Award-winner admitted the “physical challenge” of doing such an intense show postpartum has “been immense”. While it has been taking “a toll” on her body, the singer is determined to give her fans the “jam-packed show” they’re expecting. Rihanna catapulted to fame with her first song, Pon de Replay, 18 years ago and has since made six chart-topping studio albums.  However, this was the “biggest challenge” for the singer when it came to choosing a setlist for the 13 minute show. The Oscar nominee noted at the time there were “about 39 versions of the setlist right now”. Desperately trying not to give too much away Rihanna simply noted: “It's going to be a celebration of my catalog.” Despite all of the stress and pressure of performing on one of the world’s largest stages, the singer is undoubtedly “relaxed”, a characteristic which she jokes is “a Caribbean thing”. The artist also noted that when choosing this project “one of the main things” she wanted to ensure was that “I would have fun”.