NCIS Hawaii took a one-week break away from the small screen and is now returning for series two's episode 13, Misplaced Targets. Standing front and centre for this week's plot is Agent Kai Holman (played by Alex Tarrant) whose life is in danger thanks to someone from his past. With Kai starring in the next instalment, it's no surprise fans of the CBS police procedural are keen to know more about the actor who plays him. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii. NCIS Hawaii actor Alex Tarrant is married to New Zealand actress Luci Hare. She is best known for starring as Vicky in the comedy-drama Auckward Love for two years Some of her more recent roles have been in Chloe and the..., Mean Mums, Loner, Good Grief, Mystic, The Brokenwood Mysteries and Head High. When she isn't acting, Hare is working as a voiceover artist on the survival game Into the Dead, as well as a makeup artist. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' Tarrant and Hare first met at Toi Whakaari New Zealand Drama School in 2010. They dated for several years before getting engaged in 2017 on New Year's Eve at his parents' house. Describing the moment, Hare laughed: "He asked, 'Do you want to be my best friend ... forever?' Of course, I said yes." Tarrant added: "It was very us – casual and organic, but still special. We've never been the most traditional people." The pair tied the knot on Valentine's Day in 2019, with the NCIS Hawaii star sharing a cute black and white picture of them together. He simply wrote: "Best Valentine’s Day ever...Wedding Day." Tarrant isn't afraid of showing his love for his wife either as on International Women's Day, he shared a picture of Hare with the caption: "The glue that keeps the world together." Prior to getting married, the couple welcomed their son Beaumont, which means "beautiful mountain", into the world, who is now four years old. DON'T MISS...The stars of Happy Valley have addressed the future of the series [EXPLAINER]NCIS Hawaii fans meltdown as Whistler and Holman stars tease team-up [REACTION]Daniela Ruah has played Agent Kensi Blye in NCIS LA for all 14 series [CAST] Opening up about the love for their child to Woman's Day, Hare said: "There's nothing you can describe that is close to that feeling when I look down and he smiles at me." Husband Tarrant added: "It feels familiar, like a natural instinct – like I've been ready to be a father for a while." As well as Beaumont, the actors also share their seven-year-old British bulldog Winston together. Tarrant will be back for NCIS Hawaii's latest episode which will see his character Kai in great danger. Misplaced Targets, NCIS Hawaii's 13th episode in season 20, will air on Monday, February 6, on CBS in the USA. The synopsis reads: "Following a close call at a meth lab explosion, the NCIS team learns Kai is being targeted by his old friend-turned-criminal and must take him down. "Lucy gets her first big case aboard her aircraft carrier." NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues every Monday on CBS in the USA.