Tommy Fury has confirmed that his brother Tyson will be in his corner for his upcoming clash with Jake Paul alongside dad John. He finally squares off with the YouTube star on February 26 in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia. Tommy confirmed Tyson’s involvement to the Daily Mail while lifting the lid on what it has been like promoting the fight alongside his fierce rival. The ex-Love Island star says that The Problem Child is just as problematic behind the scenes and has slammed Paul for being a ‘circus act’. “Jake Paul, he is what he is – he’s a circus act,' Fury said. “His whole persona, the way he deals with things, the way he tries to negotiate is all a circus act, to be honest. “I’m glad we got everything over the line. I’ve got a great team behind me – I believe more of a professional team – and I believe that’s why we got it over the line.” “I think Jake’s already intimidated,” he added. “Every bit of news I see on him, he’s very white, he’s very pale in the face, he looks like he’s been struggling for sleep. “He doesn’t look confident to me. I’ve been in this game a long time, my whole family have, and we know the signs when we see them. I’ll leave Jake to have the sleepless nights.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Anthony Joshua relying on Usyk to make Fury fight dream a reality Fury to be 'underpaid' for Paul fight despite eye-watering payday Fury to make statement of intent before Paul Saudi fight - EXCLUSIVE Tommy, on the other hand, hasn’t been having any sleepless nights despite the recent arrival of his daughter, Bambi Fury. The 23-year-old told Express Sport that he has been getting ‘a solid eight hours in’ every night with his girlfriend Molly-Mae Hague taking on most of the parental duties ahead of his Saudi showdown. “I’m happy to sit here and say that I have the best partner in the world,” he told Express Sport. “She has completely taken all the stress off of me. She knows what’s coming up, she knows how serious it is and I’ve been able to stay in training camp mode and I’m really happy that I can say that. “Molly has been doing everything, she has been going above and beyond and is the best mother to my daughter that I could wish for. But I’m looking forward to getting this fight out of the way so I can come back and help her out around the house. As of right now, I’ve had no sleepless nights. I’ve got a good eight hours in. I feel terrible saying that, but she’ll be getting her eight hours in when I come back." “So, I’m in a separate room to them when we sleep," he added when discussing his sleeping arrangements. "Obviously, what’s coming up is a huge event and we have to cut no corners and I’m thankful she understands that. That just makes me a happier fighter and a more dangerous fighter.” 