The emotional press conference today at Bute House, the official residence of the Scottish First Minister, though gave a rare glimpse of the human side of a woman who had appeared to be utterly indomitable in eight years as First Minister and twice that as a leader of the SNP's Scottish Government but today was on the edge of tears. In the end, though, for all her reflections, Ms Sturgeon leaves a legacy of failure not least in the lack of a clear successor to take on the cause of independence. It was very telling that Ms Sturgeon reflected on her position as "a dominant figure" in Scottish politics who "eclipsed" others and whose presence turned debates on a range of issues into ones which centred on her personality. Since the departure of Alex Salmond in 2014, Sturgeon has in fact been THE dominant politician in Scottish politics. Nobody has even come close to matching her, a problem for all the rival parties and, ironically, her mentor Mr Salmond as he tried to launch a rival independence party Alba. Ms Sturgeon's skills as one of the best communicator's and political pugilists were very much on display again today but it was also clear from her demeanour that the fire inside was dimmer than it had been before. As she noted she "does not have the energy to give to the job all it deserves" and that from a woman who just three weeks ago claimed the tank was full. But who then will replace her and carry on the independence fight? The favourite is former Westminster leader Angus Robertson who is both extremely capable but for some also "extremely pompous" and not as popular as he may think he is. Another contender will by the Finance Secretary Kate Forbes, who is articulate but also comes from the Wee Free church which with socially conservative views which will not go down well with many "progressive" SNP members. READ MORE ANALYSIS: Nicola Sturgeon's biggest blunders in eight years of power The party could return to John Swinney, a bank manager look-alike, solid stalwart who failed in his first try as leader. Another solid stalwart is cabinet member Keith Brown but he is seen as lacking in charisma. The fact is that none of them command the popularity or have the ability of Ms Sturgeon - they are either pale imitations or lacking in some significant manner. The successor also inherits a much tougher gig than Ms Sturgeon did in 2014. While the SNP had just lost the independence referendum by 55 percent to 45 percent the way it galvanised the Scottish electorate meant that under her leadership they won all but three of the Westminster seats and dominated Holyrood elections. The Brexit referendum - with Scotland having a majority for Remain - also helped fuel the push for Indyref 2. But now the party is at a crossroads with no obvious direction to go.  Ms Sturgeon hinted that one reason she made her decision was because of the upcoming SNP conference where they will decide on a new strategy to win a mandate for independence. She said she did not want her being leader - her dominant personality - to sway a decision on which she very much favours using the Westminster election as a "de facto referendum" next year. It is true that may be one of the main reasons she has decided to quit telling friends "she's had enough" because the reaction to that suggestion has exposed long hidden deep rifts in the party. Even a loyalist, Glasgow South MP Stewart McDonald, came out strongly against her plan in a sign that Ms Sturgeon's authority was evaporating. Ms Sturgeon had been forced to find an alternative because of the failure of her expensive Supreme Court bid to allow Holyrood to be able to call referenda on independence. For those of us who have closely followed the SNP since they won power in 2007, the one defining trait was the way differences were never aired in public and the leadership had an iron grip over discipline. That has now gone and the civil war raging in the SNP has already spilled out into Westminster where the SNP establishment's man Ian Blackford was replaced by Stephen Flynn in what can only be described as a coup by the new guard. But that iron grip had also slackened over other issues. Scotland, like England and Wales is beset by strikes which Ms Sturgeon had been unable to end despite her so-called more "progressive" view of politics compared with the Conservative government in Westminster. And, her successor will also have to bear the brunt of SNP policy failures which have to all intents and purposes made Scotland a worse place than it was when they took power. These issues are catching up on the nationalists and their dogged focus on independence. While Ms Sturgeon lists what she considers to be successes she cannot hide from the fact that school attainment has slipped behind England, Scotland has some of the worst social mobility in the British isles, NHS outcomes are poor and again worse than England, Scotland is Europe's capital for drug deaths, and still the SNP Scottish Government can't get those ferries built. It is a catastrophic record not just for the SNP but the life chances of people in Scotland. Added to that many people are speculating - denied today by Ms Sturgeon - that the police opening an investigation into the SNP's finances may have been the tipping point. But the real end may have been the botched Gender Recognition Reform Bill - a piece of legislation which would have given a rapist the right to reidentify as a woman and go to a female jail. The Bill was blocked by Rishi Sunak's Government invoking never before used safeguards in the Scotland Act to protect women and safe spaces. Instead of being an opportunity for Ms Sturgeon to accuse Westminster of blocking the will of the Scottish people it turned out that it was the Conservative UK government protecting the will of the Scottish people including a majority of SNP members. The party fractured over the issue with MPs like Joanna Cherry vocally attacking the Bill and recent polling suggests that it has put back the cause of independence by years - an observation also made by Mr Salmond. Ms Sturgeon insisted that she was "not going because of short term issues" because, as she noted, she has dealt with short term issues for 16 years now. But with the overall cumulative effect added by years of policy failures and the net tightening on alleged SNP corruption possibly involving her husband, it is hard not to conclude that she realised she had come to the end of the road. She reflected that she made her final decision at the funeral of a friend Alan Angus yesterday. Maybe at 53, a bit like New Zealand's Jacinda Arden recently, Ms Sturgeon felt that it was time to have a life for herself and not put up with the constant flak and pressure any more. Whatever the real reason though it is hard to see the SNP and independence movement recovering from her departure in the near or medium future. They have lost their best leader and even with her shadow moving away and allowing the light to fall on others there seems to be nobody available who can fill the hole she will leave behind.