Manchester United could be taken over by Qatari investors, with a deadline of 10pm on Friday being set for initials bids. And if the Qatari group are able to agree a deal to buy the Red Devils, they would reportedly invest heavily into the club, wipe out the debt that the Glazer family have accumulated and redevelop the training ground and Old Trafford as well as the surrounding area. United’s sale is currently being overseen by American bank The Raine Group. And, according to Sky Sports, investors from the United States and Saudi Arabia are set to put forward offers for the club, alongside Sir Jim Ratcliffe's INEOS group. Investors linked to the Qatari royal family are set to bid for the Red Devils, with the country’s former prime minister Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani also said to be involved. And a Qatari takeover would result in significant investment being made into the team, Old Trafford and the city of Manchester as per the same report. The Glazers have loaded around £500m of debts onto the club, while Old Trafford and the club’s Carrington training ground are in desperate need of redevelopment. And the Qataris are ready to splash out prodigious sums to restore United to its former glories. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Qatar have plans for first appointment if Glazers sell     The Glazers want at least £5billion to sell United but are also willing to listen to bids from investors who merely want to buy a minority stake in the club. But the Qatari investors, who could ring the changes behind the scenes at the club if they are successful, are adamant “they will not dance to the Glazers' tune” if they decide to bid. United have endured a miserable decade on the pitch since Sir Alex Ferguson retired as manager in 2013 and haven’t had a realistic chance of launching a title challenge under a succession of managers. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Qatar make three promises as details emerge after Barcelona drawMason Greenwood: Man Utd latest as players to have say on return after phone callLiverpool could sign £66m talent Klopp rates thanks to Chelsea 'swap offer'   But they have turned their fortunes around on the pitch this season after appointing Erik ten Hag as manager last year. The Dutchman has led his side to 14 Premier League victories and they now sit just five points behind table-toppers Manchester City. On Thursday evening, United secured a 2-2 draw with Barcelona at the Nou Camp in the first-leg of their Europa League play-off match. And the Red Devils will be looking to book their place in the last 16 of the competition when they face the Catalan giants in the second leg at Old Trafford next Thursday. But Ten Hag will first be turning his attention back to the league, with Leicester set to travel to Manchester on Sunday. 