Kitty Spencer shared an unseen wedding photo to celebrate Valentine's Day. The picture, which showed her and her husband Michael Lewis holding hands, was posted on her Instagram account with the caption "My Valentine". The photograph allowed fans to have a close-up look at her stunning Dolce and Gabbana wedding gown. Lady Kitty's photo showed a close-up of her and Michael Lewis's hands while revealings parts of the lace sleeves and the rest of the Princess-style gown. Kitty Spencer and South African millionaire Michael Lewis tied the knot at Villa Aldobrandini, in the Italian countryside, in 2021. She looked stunning on her big day wearing a long-sleeve lace design by Dolce and Gabbana, her favourite fashion brand and which she is a global ambassador for. The dress featured a high neck, long sleeves and was made of thick lace. Kitty also wore a long long veil and styled her blonde hair into a low bun. READ MORE: ‘Common' makeup mistakes making your skin 'look older' The gown’s sleeves were slightly puffed at the shoulders and the lace body reminded fans of Kate and Pippa Middleton’s wedding gowns. Not only Kitty wore Dolce and Gabbana but all guests were also required to choose a dress from the Italian house. Domenico Dolce explained that one of the inspirations to create Kitty's breathtaking dress "was definitely her love for Italy". "Kitty is in love with our beautiful country and its rich history, art, and culture," the designer told Tatler.  He added: “But she is also a girl who is very attached to her origins, to England; to her heritage of the great Victorian era. "And like all the English people, she has a great passion for all kinds of flowers,” the designer explained. Friends and fans took to social media to comment on her wedding dress with @germanlarkin saying: "What a dream!" Another one, @camilacarril, commented that Kitty looked "stunning" and @gowenwife added that "the dress is everything". Instagram user @evelynreneedamian said that Princess Diana's niece looked "superb". READ MORE: Woman walks out of date early after man asks for money for parking "So so beautiful," said @lesleyhookartandheart while social media user @rougeaugreen opined that the dress was "stunning". "Beautiful woman, looks magical," said @hotcherryred69 and fan @linda_3113 agreed: "Absolutely stunning!" "Her beauty reminds me of Grace Kelly… definitely one of the most beautiful," added @emma_aladdins19. It is reported that Kitty's dad, Charles Spencer, didn't attend her daughter's wedding and it was her brother, Louis Spencer, who walked her down the aisle. Her twin sisters Eliza and Amelia, as well as friends Viscountess Emma Weymouth, pop star Pixie Lott, and Made In Chelsea star Mark Vandelli, were also in attendance. Lady Kitty didn't officially announce her relationship with Michael Lewis before the wedding and she later talked about her decision saying: "It's not that I don't place an importance on love. It's because, for me, love is the most important thing in the world, and I will protect it with all my heart by not making it a topic of discussion. "You open yourself up to other people having opinions, and it just isn't relevant to anybody's life but mine and my family's. I just look forward to a really happy home life: a happy marriage and happy children. And I feel very at peace that things play out the way they should," she told Town and Country magazine.