  This Morning star Martin Lewis, 50, has revealed he is celebrating a special anniversary in view of his 2.1 million Twitter followers. The financial expert went on to gush about his “big baby”.      Martin is the founder of the website MoneySavingExpert.com, which he started up in February 2003. He went on to sell the website in 2012 to the Moneysupermarket.com group for as much as £87 million, according to reports. The star, who often helps British consumers navigate topics like savings and personal finance, is now celebrating 20 years since he first started up his site. “Happy Birthday to my big baby…” he tweeted excitedly. READ MORE: Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else'     “20 years ago today MoneySavingExpert dot com was officially born. “My it’s grown!!!!” he added enthusiastically. Martin’s followers took to the comments section to congratulate him on the fantastic achievement. Steven wrote: “It has saved me a bundle over the years. Not only that it has been extremely helpful and informative for all sorts of financial decisions. Thank You and happy 20th anniversary.”     “Changed a lot of peoples lives for the better, you should be very proud,” added Chris. Pam commented: “Saves me literally thousands. Thank you. Also for helping hold current govt practice to account.” (sic) Jon penned: “HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU - And many many congratulations Martin for keeping going. “You deserve a knighthood for all you have done for the millions of people around the UK, including myself, so from me - THANK YOU.” (sic) READ MORE... Emma Thompson left 'seriously ill' by Oscars twice [INSIGHT] Sophie Turner and Alex Scott turn up the heat at BAFTAs [UPDATE] Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass dad David [NEWS]      Despite the businessman being one of the UK’s most trusted voices when it comes to finance, Martin recently revealed he came incredibly close to throwing in the towel before he was able to turn things around. Earlier this month, he spoke to This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby about having doubts when he started his business 20 years ago. “Before I came along money journalism was about investment, and it was a bit ‘wooo’ if you talk mortgages, never mind gas and electricity bills,” he explained. “I’m about playing the system and beating the system,” the broadcaster added.      “I developed it [Money Saving Expert] on this simple money channel that nobody watched and that’s where I learned my trade… that went bust,” he revealed. “I had a column in the Sunday Express, I did some stuff on Channel 5 – that show was stopped. I had lunch with my dad and I said, ‘I’m not sure this’ll work. I keep going to people and they say money doesn’t work on television.’ “I said to my dad ‘I’m gonna give it two months more and then I’m going to have to quit because I’m really struggling.’” However, Martin didn’t give up on his dreams and went on to become one of the most influential voices in television, even winning the prize of top TV expert at the National Television Awards back in October. Martin has been married to wife Lara Lewington since 2009 and the pair welcomed their daughter Sapphire in 2012.   