FBI investigators are preparing to search former Vice President Mike Pence's home in Indiana for more classified documents. It comes one week after secret files were recovered at the residence.   The news emerged on Thursday following new searches at President Joe Biden's beach house in his home state of Delaware. The revelation of files being found at Pence's property coincided with classified documents being located in the 80-year-old President's garage. The Wall Street Journal, citing people familiar with the matter, said the Justice Department is in talks with Pence’s legal team about a date for the search. The ex-Vice President described the discovery of other classified documents at his home in Carmel, Indiana as a "mistake" and claimed "full responsibility". JUST IN: US politician, 30, shot dead while driving car outside her home - gunman on the loose  Pence said: "Mistakes were made, and I take full responsibility, and I've directed my counsel to work with the National Archives, with the Department of Justice, and with the Congress to fully cooperate in any investigation." He added: "Our national security depends on the proper handling of classified and sensitive materials, and I know that when errors are made, it's important that they be resolved swiftly and disclosed." A lawyer for the former Indiana Governor conducted the search at his home last week and found the documents. Reports suggest Pence's team believe an additional search by federal investigators will not reveal any additional classified documents.   The FBI’s latest probe comes after Pence hinted at challenging former boss Donald Trump for the Republican nomination ahead of the 2024 Presidential Election. Trump, whose Mar-a-Lago home was raided by the FBI last August, fell out with his former running-mate after he lost to Biden by seven million votes. Pence previously claimed he was “carefully considering” a run for the Oval Office. He was later the victim of a suspected prank when paperwork attributed to “Mr Mike Richard Pence" was filed to the Federal Election Commission in December. DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT]  Despite mulling over a run for the top job, a former aide to Pence warned the ex-Vice President could struggle against Trump. The ex-aide told Express.co.uk last month: “I think that will be one of Pence’s biggest challenges. “He may decide that he’s going to take the high road and maintain decorum but in the end he’s going to have to hit back at Trump, pointing out his flaws. “The challenge is figuring out how to push back on him while also touting the successes of the Trump-Pence administration since he was a part of it so that’s quite the conundrum for Pence.”  