Victoria and David Beckham were reportedly left reeling over the lawsuit launched by Nicola's father Nelson Peltz, in which he asks for his £132,000 deposit back from wedding planners who didn't live up to his expectations. Brooklyn's famous parents are said to be "horrified" over the personal information that has come to light. Nicole Braghin and Arianna Grijalba from Plan Design Events allegedly refused to refund the deposit after Nelson became unhappy with their handling of his daughter's glitzy showbiz wedding and declared the proceedings a "s*** show". The pair had been drafted in after a previous wedding planner quit, and they have since filed a counterclaim for breach of contract and “interference” with the business deal. The Beckhams are reportedly now "horrified" and "embarrassed". A source for OK! magazine has claimed: "After launching legal action against the wedding planners, Nicola’s father is determined for this lawsuit to go ahead. READ NOW: Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' The source continued: "The Beckhams are horrified by the whole thing. It’s very expensive and it doesn’t put anyone in a good light. “We’ve only seen some of the demands and some of the messages that were sent by Nicola, there will no doubt be more to come. Claiming that the lawsuit threatened to "overshadow" memories of the special day, the source concluded: “They don’t want to be tarnished with the association of this court case. It’s going to be embarrassing for them."  "I’m going to take a moment to learn the app and send you the information. "I hate looking like a fool but I hate the most not giving you what you need ASAP. I will be back soon.” In a subsequent text message, Nicola seems to suggest another list has not been sent to her, venting: "This is not what I asked for. "I ASKED FOR OUR INVITE LIST. IN. VITE. NOT. RSVP. Can u manage to send that to me?" Other details that have been released include the claim that the bride-to-be complained the flowers for her wedding weren't "white enough", while she reportedly spent £83,000 on hair and makeup alone. Meanwhile, Nicola has been accused of undermining her now husband by reportedly urging the planners over how many members of the Beckham family ought to be invited: "I do not trust Brooklyn with this. "You should be asking an assistant. He has no idea. And is guessing." In another message between the couple and the planners, Brooklyn suggested: "We should do a Brooklyn burger. Like double or single burger and a Nicola burger which is no bun and it’s lettuce instead of bun and meat for the girls." However, his wife-to-be allegedly responded with a vomiting emoji.