A man who has fathered 102 children has said he has finally had enough as his 12 wives go on birth control. Musa Hasahya Kasera, 68, has admitted to forgetting his children's names as he insists "enough is enough" when it comes to fathering children. His 102 children range in age from 10 to 50, with his youngest wife being 35.  Speaking from his village of Bugisa in the Butaleja district of Uganda, he said: "At first it was a joke, but now this has its problems", reports the Mirror. "With my health failing and merely two acres of land for such a huge family, two of my wives left because I could not afford the basics like food, education, clothing." And Musa has reportedly become a tourist attraction as news of his offspring spreads. People are travelling across the country to see him with his children. Many of the family now live largely in a dilapidating house made from corrugated iron - while many others live in about two dozen grass-thatched mud huts nearby. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’ Musa married his first wife in 1972 at a traditional ceremony when they were both 17 and his first child Sandra Nabwire was born a year later. He added: "Because we were born only two of us, I was advised by my brother, relatives and friends to marry many wives to produce many children to expand our family heritage." Musa also said he became popular with families looking to marry their daughters off due to his status as a successful cattle trader. He said he regularly had families offering him their daughters' hand in marriage - some even below the age of 18.  DON'T MISS:Couple with 61-year age gap want to 'start a family' [COMMENT]Woman elopes with stepdad & asks the internet how to tell her mother [INSIGHT]Cruise crew member shares the ‘worst behaviour’ [PICTURES] Child marriage was only banned in Uganda in 1995, while polygamy is allowed in the East African country - according to certain religious traditions. Musa says he now has to consult one of his sons, Shaban Magino, a 30-year-old primary school teacher who helps run the family's affairs and is one of the few to have received an education. To keep as much harmony amongst the children as possible and settle disputes, Musa says they have monthly family meetings. 