Prince Harry may have "damaged" the Sussex brand following the release of his memoir Spare last month, a US-based royal expert has claimed. Marlene Koenig, a royal historian focusing on blue-blooded Brits and Europeans, noted how the 38-year-old was the "butt of many jokes on late-night TV".  She told Express.co.uk: "Their branding may be damaged because the focus has been more on trashing his family and less on doing work. "I hate to say this but they are not A-listers." Ms Koenig, who also suggested stateside conversations about the Royal Family will be limited besides King Charles' upcoming Coronation, added: "Harry was the butt of many jokes on late-night TV. "There have been a number of folks on TV as well as in print stating that airing dirty laundry is not a good thing. "There will be a percentage of Americans who take their side and see Harry and Meghan as victims. "William and Catherine got a very positive response when they were in Boston in December. Big crowds." Alongside previous demonstrations of support when the Prince and Princess of Wales touched down in Boston last year, Ms Koenig claimed the Royal Family "remains popular" and argued Charles "will have a great reception" the next time he crosses the pond. Prince Harry's memoir Spare sold more than 1.4 million copies in its first day of publication. READ MORE: Should King Charles visit Australia to offset growing Republican movement?   The father-of-two also sat down for several interviews following its release. Speaking about his stepmother Queen Consort Camilla, Harry told CBS: "She was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image. "That made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. "And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that." DON'T MISS:Being a royal was 'too cr***y' for Harry and Meghan - US journalist [OPINION]Forgotten historic European monarchy and where its members are today [REVEALED]Meghan and Harry 'aren't invited anywhere'[LATEST] The 38-year-old, who made California his home after Megxit, also made comments about his brother Prince William and father King Charles. Express.co.uk has approached the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for comment. 