Chelsea’s relationship with Paris Saint-Germain is at a ‘low point’ due to the failed Hakim Ziyech transfer in January, according to reports. The Ligue 1 champions were apparently left fuming after the Blues filed the necessary paperwork too late. Ziyech was due to join PSG on loan for the remainder of the season. While the Moroccan completed all the necessary activities ahead of a potential move, Chelsea were finalising their last-minute £107million signing of Enzo Fernandez. It is claimed that Chelsea sent the paperwork for Ziyech’s transfer ‘too late’, infuriating the French club. The frustrated winger was forced to return to Stamford Bridge, where he has earned back his place under Graham Potter. The debacle apparently dented relations between the two Champions League clubs. Chelsea’s relationship with PSG is now reportedly at a ‘low point’. This could cause Todd Boehly a major headache as reports in France claim he is trying to take Neymar to Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Man Utd have 'second Qatari party interested' as Liverpool talks fail But CBS Sports journalist Ben Jacobs reports that there is ‘no indication’ that PSG will engage with Chelsea if the Blues want to sign Neymar as the attacker is apparently not considered for sale by his club. Chelsea co-owner Boehly supposedly met with PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi in Paris on Tuesday. It came ahead of the Parisians’ Champions League defeat by Bayern Munich. However, the meeting was apparently only ‘in passing’ and the pair exchanged words for just a few minutes. Al-Khelaifi reportedly spent most of the day with Bayern officials and the Emir of Qatar. Chelsea have been linked with a blockbuster move for Neymar, with reports in France suggesting he is unhappy at PSG. L’Equipe claimed that the 31-year-old dressed down young team-mates Vitinha and Hugo Ekitike after PSG’s dismal 3-1 defeat by title rivals Monaco at the weekend. DON'T MISS...Mason Mount's stance on quitting Chelsea as Liverpool and Man Utd loomEverything we know about Christian Atsu as earthquake search continuesChelsea have Declan Rice fear because of Mount which may help Arsenal The French side have now suffered three successive defeats. It has placed the future of Neymar and fellow star attacker Lionel Messi in doubt. Neymar still has two years remaining on his contract with the club, for whom he signed from Barcelona in 2017. He has made 28 appearances this season, scoring 17 goals. Chelsea’s major spending under Boehly shows no sign of slowing down, especially given rumours of a potential summer pursuit of Neymar. The Blues spent an eye-watering £550m across both transfer windows this season, with Boehly making a major splash in the market. Despite their vast outlay, Graham Potter’s side have struggled to overcome their poor start to the Premier League season. They sit 10th in the top flight and have drawn their last three matches.