Manchester United's owners the Glazers are interested in both a full sale of the club and the prospect of additional investment as The Emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani eyes an imminent lucrative bid. The billionaire American family confirmed in November that they were seeking "strategic alternatives to enhance the club's growth" during a statement which outlined their interest in potentially selling up at Old Trafford should the right opportunity present itself nearly 18 years on from their 2005 takeover. It's understood a group of private, high-wealth figures based in the Middle East are prepared to launch a huge mega-money proposal that could effectively see them handed over the keys to Old Trafford, although there are numerous obstacles that would still need to be overcome with both UEFA and the Premier League even if the Glazers accepted their advances. Nonetheless, The Rein Group - tasked with overseeing the potential sale of United - are encouraging bidders to arrive at the table before mid-February should they wish to conclude a deal. While the Qataris are keen to reach a positive conclusion quickly, there are still large doubts as to whether a takeover would be sanctioned due to their additional involvement with Paris Saint-Germain. Meanwhile, Sky Sports are reporting that the Glazers are willing to explore two separate investment avenues if their £6billion valuation is met. READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges Sky Sports reporter Kaveh Solhekol said on SSN: "The Qataris want to buy or invest in a Premier League club - Liverpool and Manchester United are two of their targets and they are considering making a bid for a club. "But I still think there is also the possibility that they may just buy a minority stake as opposed to buying a club outright. "The Glazers would potentially be interested in somebody just investing in the club. "It's well documented Manchester United need to redevelop Old Trafford and they also need to do some work on their training ground which is also going to require money. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesSheffield Utd star Billy Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviourLeeds owner hints Jesse Marsch replacement announcement imminent after Corberan rejection "So if they can get some outside investment they would be open to that, they are also open to selling the club outright. "The only issue with that is how much the club is worth. They think the club is worth around £6bn but according to the New York Stock Exchange, the club is worth closer to £3bn. "The sale of Manchester United or invitations to invest in the club is being marketed by The Rein Group and if you want to buy or invest in Manchester United, you need to make a bid by the middle of this month." The Qatar-based investment group would be prepared to provide Erik ten Hag with a significant transfer war-chest with the idea of dominating world football. It's said they are confident their bid will be stronger than any other offer and there is excitement about the project and what can be achieved at Old Trafford. The Emir of Qatar previously purchased French giants PSG back in 2011 via the Qatar Sports Investment fund. QSI remain actively interested in investing in a Premier League club after recently holding private discussions with Tottenham Hotspur. UEFA would potentially have to adjust their own regulations in order to sanction Qatar's purchase of Manchester United due to their ownership of PSG. It's understood the Qataris value United at closer to £4.5bn which is some £1.5bn short of the Glazers' valuation. Ineos, bankrolled by Britain's richest man Sir Jim Ratcliffe, also confirmed their interest in buying United last month, although there has been no progress to date.