Hollywood conservative Tim Allen famously voiced Buzz Lightyear in the four Toy Story movies to date, however, his not being invited to voice the character in the Lightyear movie last year enraged some fans. Marvel’s Chris Evans was cast as the human based on the toy Buzz in Lightyear instead. At the time, director Angus MacLane defended the recasting. The Lightyear director told Vanity Fair: “Tim's version of Buzz [Lightyear] is a little goofier and is a little dumber, and so he is the comic relief. In this film, Buzz is the action hero. He's serious and ambitious and funny, but not in a goofy way that would undercut the drama [...] Chris Evans has the gravitas and that movie-star quality that our character needed to separate him and the movie from Tim's version of the toy in Toy Story.” Despite the Toy Story franchise’s track record of billion-dollar box office, Lightyear bombed, making just $226 million on a budget of $200 million before marketing and distribution costs are even taken into account. The Disney Pixar movie was accused by some of being “woke” after including a same-sex kiss between a pregnant woman and her female partner in a film aimed at children. Following the film’s flop of an opening weekend, Allen told Extra: “This is a whole new team that really had nothing to do with the first movies. There’s really no Toy Story, Buzz without Woody. It just doesn’t seem to have any connection to the toy.” Yet now Disney have announced Toy Story 5, Frozen 3 and Zootopia 2, CGI-animated sequels to billion-dollar movies. READ MORE: Pamela Anderson claims Tim Allen ‘has to deny’ flashing her This news came during an investors call yesterday when CEO Bob Iger confirmed 7000 job cuts, a plan to save $5.5 billion and make Disney+ profitable amid subscriber numbers plummeting. The streaming service reported a $1.5 million loss with users falling by 2.4 million in the most recent quarter. In response to the news of Toy Story 5 being in the works, Allen posted a picture of Buzz and tweeted: “See ya soon Woody, you are a sad strange little man and you have my pity. And off we go to a number 5! To infinity and beyond!” Fans couldn’t hold back their excitement in the comments. DON'T MISSLightyear end credits: Lightyear 2 teased in surprise third scene [LIGHTYEAR 2]Disney CONFIRM all Pixar movies are set in the same universe: WATCH [PIXAR]Toy Story shock: Andy's mum has terrible secret from her past [TOY STORY] One fan wrote: “Congratulations Tim Allen! The one and only Buzz!” Another commented: “Haven’t been this excited for a Disney movie in a long time.” There’s been around a decade between each Toy Story movie’s release so presumably, Toy Story 5 – which will take 4-5 years to make – won’t hit cinemas until around 2028. SOURCES: Vanity Fair/Extra