Emmie Killin described not having access to her mobile phone for two consecutive days as "one of the hardest things I’ve ever done". The 21-year-old reported feeling "extremely lonely" and "uneasy" after turning off her phone for the weekend. The young woman, who grew up with using phones and feels at ease with social media, wanted to experience what life was like for those who cannot afford one. The journalist from Lancashire made the decision to stop using the technology for the weekend and turned off her phone from Friday to Monday. After spending the weekend recording her journey with a GoPro, she said had a newfound respect for people who don't spend their whole life on their phones, according to The Mirror. Ms Killin said it was "extremely isolating" as she is used to having her phone by her side and being able to get in contact with people with it. She said: "The first few hours were strange, I kept going into my pocket and finding it empty – it's like my body is wired to reach for my phone."  "When I went outside," she said, "it was almost like I'd been abandoned, having to rely on others for things like directions or looking up things online. "By the second day, I felt very low, not being able to keep up with the news, catch up with friends or send texts to my boyfriend." Emmie set other goals for herself as well, such as cooking dinner on a budget from a TikTok video using a cookbook, going grocery shopping only with cash, and using a payphone. The cooking process wasn’t as "quick and easy" as "I'd hoped", she said, adding finding advice online would have been "much easier". READ MORE: Dog walker tells of moment he found Nicola Bulley's phone on bench She added: "It also made me realise how tricky it must be for people on small budgets to get affordable tricks and hacks without a phone, unable to sign up to special deals or just get advice from someone else." Using a pay phone was the one activity she found enjoyable over the course of the weekend - something she had never done before. She recalled wanting to take a picture to show a friend the experience but could not do so. She said: "I also only had 60p in cash, so when my aunt didn't pick up, I had no way to reach her and just had to go home." With the experience, she realised how difficult it must be for people without phone access. She said she could still not understand how some people can live without phones. DON'T MISS:Oppo's new Android phone gets an upgrade Samsung must now match [REPORT] Bench where Bulley’s phone found should have been checked for blood [REPORT] Nicola Bulley's partner recalls phone call that made his world 'drop' [REPORT] She explained: "I only did this for two days, for some people, this is everyday life. It's distressing to think that people don't have access to something so essential in this day and age." In 2019, 55.5 million people in Britain were smartphone owners. According to Statista, in 2025, the number of smartphone owners is estimated to reach 64.9 million. The smartphone user penetration rate is expected to reach 88,1 percent of the total UK population, Statista adds. According to finder.com, people in Britain spend 2 hours and 34 minutes online on their smartphones daily. A YouGov survey released in 2020 revealed that three in ten (31 percent) adults tend to agree that they couldn’t get through a day without using their phone. READ NEXT: Drivers warned of huge £1,000 fines when celebrating Valentine's DayFurious colleagues of teacher who 'took her own life'Broadband firms 'to hit customers with mid-contract price rises’Beware charity fraud, fake phone discounts and delivery consNew Android phone gets superfast upgrade Samsung's Galaxy can't match