Constance Marten and Mark Gordon have been arrested after a 500 mile trip around the UK - with their newborn still missing. Ms Marten, 35, and her partner Mr Gordon, 48, were first reported missing after their car broke down and was found burning on the M61 near Bolton, Greater Manchester, on Thursday, January 5. Sussex Police said a member of the public alerted them after they were spotted in Brighton, with the pair swiftly arrested and taken into police custody on Monday at around 9.30pm. An urgent search operation has been launched to find their baby. January 5 - The couple are reported missing after their car breaks down on the M61. They are then spotted walking to the Anchor Lane Bridge at roughly 6.30pm. Jan 5-7 - The couple are believed to have paid cash for travel to Liverpool and then to Essex. Jan 7 - Police share CCTV of Ms Marten in a red shawl outside Harwich Port at 9am after a "number of sightings" in Essex. The couple are then spotted at East Ham station in London at roughly 11.45am. Mr Gordon was seen purchasing camping gear from an Argos on Whitechapel Road at approximately 6.30pm. The couple were then seen walking along Brick Lane at 10pm before dumping a number of items, including a pushchair, at around 11.45pm and then grabbing a taxi to Haringey in north London.  Jan 8 - At 1.20am, they travel from Haringey to Newhaven in East Sussex and are dropped off outside the port at 4.56am. The couple travel through the night and are spotted again on a petrol station CCTV camera on Avis Road in Newhaven. Feb 28 - Marten and Gordon are spotted in Brighton by a member of the public just before 9.30am. The couple are arrested but police continue their search for the missing baby.  Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford, who is leading the investigation, said in the Met's original appeal: "We are growing increasingly concerned not only for their welfare, but for the welfare of their newborn child. "Constance and Mark, I appeal directly to you, please think of your baby's health and wellbeing and get in touch with us so we can ensure your child is medically well and has no underlying issues." In the latest appeal on 21 February, DS Basford said officers had been "working around the clock behind the scenes," and have viewed more than "660 hours of CCTV" as part of their efforts. Officers are currently carrying out an extensive search to find the baby who remains missing. The nearby Roedale Valley Allotments are now being treated as a "potential crime scene". READ MORE: BBC licence fee ditched for King's Coronation weekend   Constance Marten, 35, comes from a wealthy family with her family home being a stately home set in Dorset. While studying as a drama student in 2016, she became estranged from her family after meeting Mark Gordon. 