Independent Cottages looked at over three million UK guidebooks to find the most recommended region in the country. The “wonderful” destination might just be the perfect place for a staycation in 2023. READ MORE: Cruise guest frets over holiday’s formal dress code Somerset topped the list of recommended regions with almost 150 mentions in UK guidebooks. Unsurprisingly, the top rated attraction on Tripadvisor in the region is the incredible Roman Baths in Bath. A tourist wrote on the review platform: “A well-maintained historical site with rich history! This is certainly a place not to be missed when you are in Bath.” Another person said: “The Roman Baths are a brilliant, immersive experience which is so interesting and engaging.” Glastonbury Tor is another of the county’s highlights with many tourists climbing the hill to enjoy the views. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “Interesting hill and ruin with wonderful views. The views in all directions are magnificent.” Tourists heading to Somerset could also explore the coastline at Weston Super-Mare or visit Wells Cathedral. Vivary Park in Taunton and the West Somerset Railway are other Somerset highlights not to be missed. READ MORE: Lake District’s ‘hidden gem’ has ‘caves to explore’ Devon was the second most recommended region in the UK with over 130 guidebook mentions. While the majority of holidaymakers flock to the county’s coastline, both Dartmoor and Exmoor are the perfect spots for walking holidays. Two other seaside spots were third and fourth with both Cornwall and Kent featured multiple times in guidebooks. The Isle of Wight, beloved by Queen Victoria and her husband, also made the list with 72 guidebook mentions. Tourists looking for more of a hidden gem might want to visit one of the UK’s least mentioned counties. East Ayrshire in Scotland had the fewest guidebook mentions in the UK but tourists who travel there could visit Kilmarnock, home of the Scotch whiskey brand, Johnnie Walker. Londonderry was also one of the UK’s least mentioned spots but has recently attracted plenty of tourists who are fans of the Channel 4 show, Derry Girls. Neath Port Talbot was also rarely featured in guidebooks, but is home to three miles of golden sands.