Leeds United fans have demanded the sacking of head coach Jesse Marsch after their 1-0 defeat to Nottingham Forest left them in hovering above the relegation zone. The American is under intense pressure at Elland Road after failing to win a match since November and calls are increasing from the fanbase for the manager to be axed. The Yorkshire outfit have won only two of their last 17 games since a 3-0 success over Chelsea near the start of the campaign and have not won any of their last seven. Marsch has been backed by owner Andrea Radrizzani in recent weeks and, more crucially, in the January transfer window. The American boss signed Georginio Rutter from Hoffenheim for £35million and brought in his former captain Max Wober from Red Bull Salzburg, with USA international Weston McKennie arriving on loan from Juventus. But only Wober started the game against Forest at the City Ground, with Rutter and McKennie named amongst the substitutes. And despite having the better chances in the game, the visitors left the Midlands empty-handed after Brennan Johnson's superb volley in the first half was enough to take all three points. READ MORE: Four options to replace Jesse Marsch at Leeds as sacking considered Their latest disappointment away from home only strengthened the dissenting voices in calling for Marsch to be sacked after 10 months in the job, with Leeds fans taking to social media to vent their fury. @_billyreid tweeted: "Two wins in 17. I would do better as manager with these players. SACK JESSE MARSCH." @AlfieLS11 agreed and said: "This is the ceiling for Jesse Marsch. All the possession, all the opportunities, no cutting edge. There are no more excuses, nowhere else he can take us other than down. Sack him immediately." @scottdsellars wrote: "Sack Jesse Marsch. Now. Tonight!" @TomStirk1992 also said: "Jesse Marsch isn’t a good manager, Leeds stay up if they sack him." DON'T MISSLeeds urged to sack Jesse Marsch to become a 'significant club' againLeeds boss Marsch gives view on Newcastle's money amid fine formMan City misfit Phillips 'missing Leeds' amid Pep Guardiola criticism One fan theorised that Marsch could walk straight into another job if he is sacked by Leeds. @usmntgo tweeted: "Like it or not, Jesse Marsch will be the next #USMNT coach. USSF are waiting for Leeds to sack him." After the game, Marsch admitted he understood the frustration from fans and vowed to find a way to get Leeds back to winning ways. "I would say we had a really good start, created some chances and a really good first half," he told reporters. "Then, with our desire to get back in the match, we lost a bit of discipline and didn't have the effect we wanted. "I have to find a way to turn good performances into winning. That's our last step. I understand the frustration and I accept it." Leeds face a difficult trip to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Wednesday and it remains to be seen whether Marsch will be in the dugout for the clash.