The areas in-between paving slabs can harbour weeds as well as moss if there is no proper maintenance to prevent them in the first place. According to Fantastic Services, weeding the patio should be done once every week as weeds can be quite persistent sometimes, and gardeners could banish pesky weeds using just boiling water. Gena Lorainne, gardening expert at Fantastic Services, recommended using boiling water if you’re struggling with weeds on in-between paving stones and on driveways. The expert explained: “Boiling water is a very aggressive and quite effective method to get rid of weeds from hard-to-reach places. “This is simply because the hot water can destroy practically every plant, no matter how tough and meaty its leaves are.” Boiling water will kill weeds in an “instant”, but also any nearby plant too which is why it should only be used on patios and driveways, not in the garden or on the lawn. READ MORE: Four houseplants that remove dust from any room in the home The gardening pro added: “Using boiling water to kill weeds is quite easy - you just need to boil some water and pour it on the patio while aiming for the cracks where the weeds live. “You’ll notice that they will go yellow and look dead in a few minutes. Well, congratulations. The weeds won’t come out for some time now.” According to the experts from Gardening Know How, the boiling water hack works effectively by “scalding” weeds to the point they can’t grow back. It may also kill any seeds which may be lying dormant underneath the weeds on the surface which means they may not come back. DON'T MISS:Steps to sow tomato seeds successfully - key temperature [EXPERT]‘Concerned’ property expert shares six energy saving ‘myths’ to avoid [COMMENT]Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ [INSIGHT] When using boiling water, make sure to use a kettle with a spout to target the weeds as it gives gardeners a direct flow of water on the weeds without risk of any splashing. Gardeners should pour slowly, especially if there is any nearby grass or flowers which could get damaged from boiling water. For the most effective results, Gardening Know How experts recommend cutting off most of the foliage at the top of the weed, before applying the hot water to tackle the root. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), said: “Hot water weed control equipment for hard surface use is available to professionals. READ MORE: Five ‘big mistakes’ made when washing bed sheets “In a garden it is possible to use hot water from the kettle or leftovers from cooking vegetables to achieve similar results. “On lush growth, cut back the tops of the weeds first to expose the crown. Keep the spout very low to avoid splash. Wear heatproof gloves to protect from steam and closed-toe shoes. “As with the flame gun, persistent perennial weeds may regenerate, but should succumb to repeated treatments.” According to Gena, white vinegar is also an effective way to target weeds because it contains lots of acids, making it effective at destroying them. Just like with boiling water, gardeners need to be careful when using the natural product as it will kill any plant in an instant. The expert explained: “But it’s perfect to keep your driveway or patio clean from weeds because we usually don’t grow any useful plants there. “To treat driveway or patio clean from weeds, you must dilute it with water. The best possible proportion here is one part vinegar and two parts water. Then just pour it over the cracks, aiming for the middle sections of the weeds. The vinegar, combined with the sun, will dry them out for an hour or so.” According to the expert, this is one of the most efficient ways to remove weeds and grass from paved patios.