Love Island's Tanyel Revan admitted she was still unsure about Jordan Odofin and whether she thought they had a proper connection, but the pair insisted they had lots in common and Tanyel seemed keen to give things a try. However, the Love Island couple appeared to catch the attention of fellow islander Shaq Muhammad, and as he sneakily tried to start gossip on the ITV reality show, fans ordered him to "mind your own business". Shaq kept watching on as Tanyel and Jordan interacted, and seemed concerned about his pal. He questioned whether Tanyel was being honest with Jordan and decided to sneak away with Olivia Hawkins to discuss the issue. "I just wanted to get your opinion on something," he told her, to which Olivia replied: "Yeah, of course you can get my opinion." "What do you make of the whole, like... Jordan and Tanyel situation?" Shaq asked. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series "Erm, I don't think she's attracted to him," Olivia admitted, leaving a stunned Shaq wanting to know more. "Really?" he inquired, trying to keep his voice low as Olivia responded: "Do you?" "I don't know," he confessed. "The last couple of days he has put more effort into her, and you kind of feel bad if he's putting effort into her and she's not even feeling it." "Yeah," Olivia agreed. After a pause, she added: "Did she not do that to Spencer too?" The pair then burst into a fit of laughter before Shaq stated he was confused by Tanyel. "Is it just for convenience?" He pressed as Olivia answered: "Put it this way if a bombshell came in today or tomorrow that was Tanyel's type..." "She'd drop him like a stone," Shaq cut in, adding: "To put it frankly." "You said it, not me," Olivia quickly responded. "I don't think she's attracted to him, no." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sean Tully will die off-screen [LATEST]Vanessa Feltz 'to appear in dating show' following heartbreaking split [VIDEO]EastEnders heartache as Denise makes huge decision about her marriage [SPOILER] As Shaq decided he'd talk to Jordan about the situation, it seemed the two had planned to do some digging. Fans weren't impressed by the pair's scheming, though, and it didn't take long for them to complain on social media about the "gossip". Twitter user @ElizaLauren_ asked: "Why is Shaq so fast up in everyone’s business? It’s sooooo annoying #loveisland." (sic) @dnd_tza added: "This behaviour from Shaq would give me the ick because why do you love gossip so much?? #LoveIsland." @shades0fcooll added: "Shaq is really treading the line between making sure everyone’s okay and being in everyone’s business .. bro chill. #LoveIslandUK #loveIsland." "Shaq what is your business? did Jordan ask for your advice ??? don’t p*** me off  #LoveIsland," @locoBiBi shared. (sic) @mschi_gunner1 penned: "Shaq needs to mind his own business too!! #loveisland." @kvfvyvt fumed: "Shaq giving Olivia more Tanyel info omg if he don’t go and mind his business SIDE EYEE #loveisland." (sic) @Verse_19 shared: "Olivia needs to stfu - Shaq you’re annoying, how are you giving her ammo - mind your damn business #LoveIsland." (sic) Love Island continues on Thursday at 9pm on ITV.