Emmerdale viewers were left desperate to know who Charity Dingle (played by Emma Atkins) was on the phone with during the latest episode of the ITV soap. The soap stalwart looked as though her world had been turned upside down when she ended the call. Some soap fans believe they have worked out her rapist Detective Inspector Mark Bails (Rocky Marshall) is out of prison. Charity was in the living room of the home she shares with partner Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) making a mobile for Chloe Harris' (Jessie Elland) unborn child when her phone rang. The instalment ended on a cliffhanger when a stunned Charity said down the line: "Are you sure?" She looked visibly emotional by whatever she was told, but who was she speaking to and what news did they break to her? Emmerdale viewers know Mack cheated on her with Chloe and her unborn baby is actually his. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital However, many feel the phone call was nothing to do with Mack's one-night stand and was in fact linked to Charity's rapist Mark. @TwellyWatcher shared: "Wonder what Charity’s phone call was on #Emmerdale. Maybe her ex Zoe is dead/in trouble, or Bails out of prison? Lots of theories." Charlie added: "That reaction strikes Bails with me #Emmerdale." L added: "If they're bringing Bails back into Charity’s orbit whilst she is entangled in her toxic schoolboy romance then it’s a really stupid idea why ruin a good thing, keep it in the past where it belongs.  "I do not want to see Mack comforting her when he is nothing but a t**t #emmerdale." Darren Hilbert said: "Whatever the Charity thing is I hope it's not Bails being dead. It's a year (almost to the day) since we met Marcus and that whole Pierce dying in prison thing seemed like a cheap way to permanently write him gone. #Emmerdale." (sic) Shady Smith penned: "More like Bails is on the run or got an appeal. Why would Charity be upset if he's dead?" Lizzie Edwards shared: "#Emmerdale is it Ryan's dad? Maybe he's come back to Emmerdale for revenge on Charity." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale spoilers: Aaron Dingle to have breakdown amid Robert upset? [UPDATE]Emmerdale spoilers: Rhona Goskirk to split from Pete Barton? [INSIGHT]Emmerdale spoilers: What is Rhona’s illness? What are Fibroids? [LATEST] Mark previously appeared on Emmerdale as Harriet Finch’s (Katherine Dow Blyton) former boss. However, longtime fans first met the character when he arrested Charity as a 14-year-old. At the time, Charity was working as a prostitute and had several run-ins with the inspector. Initially, Charity was relieved to be in the care of the police inspector, but their relationship soon took a dark turn.  He raped and abused Charity for months, forcing her to run away and report him to the police - causing his wife to leave him. Charity's son Ryan Stocks (James Moore) is Mark's biological son and he is aware of how evil his father is. Could Mark have escaped prison or is the mystery call to do with Mack's affair? Emmerdale airs on weeknights from 7.30pm on ITV. 