The TV personality, 60, who is a show stalwart, was clearly moved by the fate of the former Love Island winner so he seemingly "ripped up the rule book" when she was eliminated. Ahead of the announcement, Phillip Schofield told the audience: "This is the most emotional skate we've ever had," and his co-host Holly Willoughby agreed: "I can't bear it."  After it was revealed Ekin-Su was leaving the show Phillip was first to show compassion for her departure. He asked Ekin-Su to get off the ice and give him and co-host Holly a hug. "Come over here. Come on. We don't normally do this but you need to have a hug," he said. The long-time presenter, who often shares a on-screen hug with his This Morning co-star, was clearly affected by the show. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Ekin-Su fought back tears as she put everything into Dance week and pulled off a routine to Motown classic tune Car Wash. She and skating pro partner Brendyn Hatfield found themselves at the wrong end of the leaderboard on Sunday night after the judges - Oti Mabuse, Ashley Banjo, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean - gave their verdict. Their scores combined with the public vote saw the stars forced to skate again before the judges chose who they wanted to save. But despite giving it her all, judges only scored her 23 points out of a total of 40. The low score saw the pair at the bottom with EastEnders star Patsy Palmer, her second time in the skate off before being booted out of the competition. The reality star admitted she had to juggle her work commitments with rehearsals but still "gave it everything". Unlike previous contestants the driven hopeful said she was "100 percent" in the show to win it, adding: "Yes I am, otherwise I’m not doing it. "I don’t mind going home early but my mind doesn’t work like that." She previously told how her appearance on Love Island had prepared her for the show as although in very different formats they saw her "focus her mindset". She added: "Love Island you have an objective - to find the love of your life. You’re in a bubble. "But the thing they have in common is that your mindset has to be focused. "With Dancing on Ice you have to practise on getting better but with Love Island you have to practise letting go of everything else and focusing on your emotions and being in the moment."  She was third to exit the competition, with John Fashanu having left in the second week and Michelle Heaton subsequently losing her place a week earlier. The celebrities still left in this year include Patsy Palmer, Nile Wilson,The Vivienne, Mollie Gallagher, Joey Essex, Carley Stenson, Darren Harriott and Siva Kaneswaran. Dancing on Ice returns on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.