The GMB host, who previously fronted BBC Breakfast, has reportedly been in talks with ITV for her "phenomenal programme ideas". Reid, 52, is said to have "made her feelings very clear" after a string of embarrassing errors with production including misspelling co-stars names, date errors and basic typos in the ‘ticker tape’ which appears on screen alongside her. A source told The Sun: “GMB has some phenomenal programming ideas built around Susanna for later this year, all ones to which she has typically very proactively contributed to and helped build and inspire, so why would she walk away from them?'" GMB has been approached for comment and programme ideas are said to be in the works. Viewers of the ITV morning show were quick to call out errors including one incident in which News Correspondent Ben Chapman's name was spelt incorrectly. His co-star in the studio Ranvir Singh introduced Ben for his section, with his name appearing on the screen as "Ben Champan".   Another blunder in a segment reporting on the death of Lisa Marie Presley when a typo appeared in the word "remembering" with the graphic reading: "Remebering." And that wasn't all, as the wrong date was shown while Susanna was presenting the show one morning. A further gaffe saw the date of a missing rugby player show the wrong year on the graphic. "@gmb your poster for missing Levi has the wrong date on it - says October 2023," wrote a viewer on Twitter.  Reid has long since been praised for her professionalism and ability to react and stay calm in live breaking news situations. Her interview of former Health Secretary Matt Hancock, was praised by viewers as a "masterclass" in political reporting for aspiring journalists. She probed the now disgraced politician over his affair with aide Gina Coladangelo during lockdown. Her presenting hasn’t gone unnoticed by the industry and she has been nominated in the Network Presenter of the Year category at the Royal Television Society Awards.   She wrote on social media: “Overwhelmed to be shortlisted for this hugely prestigious award. "I am in the presence of greatness, and honoured to be nominated alongside legends Clive Myrie & Huw Edwards - my winners & inspiration. Thank you to the team @gmb & all our viewers.” One viewer heaped praise on her presenting flagging the Hancock interview: “You should win outright for your Matt Hancock interview. Brilliant presenter. Best of luck.” Another fan added: “So you should be with Hugh & Clive. You have been on our screens bringing us the news for a few years and very good at it too! People think it’s so easy and you just turn up read an autocue, much more than that.” A third posted: “Your nomination is equally justified. All excellent journalists and presenters.” GMB airs from 6am weekdays on ITV.  