Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has revealed that Antony, Anthony Martial and Scott McTominay all are very unlikely to return from injuries in time for upcoming trips to Leeds and Barcelona. Injuries are mounting for the Red Devils as the trio join Christian Eriksen and Donny van de Beek on the treatment table, while Aaron Wan-Bissaka missed the draw with Leeds on Wednesday due to illness. Ten Hag ruled out all three players for the upcoming trip to Leeds on Sunday as part of their double-header and admitted that they are unlikely to return ahead of the club's Europa League first-round tie with Barcelona. He told a press conference he was not expecting the trio to return: "I don’t expect [that Antony, Martial and McTominay will be available], but we have some days — I don’t expect it and if I can oversee it until now I don’t see any new problems coming up. Barcelona? I think same answer. I can't say for 100 per cent but I don't expect it." The boss admitted that he had concerns over whether the World Cup being placed in the middle of an already-physically draining season, insisting it may be partly to blame for players continuing to pick up injuries. "So if you see Christian Eriksen, you can't see that as an impact from a tough season," Ten Hag added, "but definitely, it's a tough season with the World Cup in between and a lot of load, overload, from the players, that's quite clear. That process is already longer term coming on, that the load on the players is too much. "Christian Eriksen, you can't put that under that reason [of the World Cup]. Martial, you can't put that under that reason. It's really individual, how we can see it and how we find reasons why things happen. But also injuries, if you play top football, you go across limits and injuries will come up, that's also a normal issue, I would say."   McTominay's injury that has kept him out of the past three games has not been disclosed, while Antony is suffering with a leg injury and Martial's hip is causing him to miss both away games at Leeds and Barcelona. Marcel Sabitzer was signed on loan on transfer deadline day as cover for Eriksen as the Danish playmaker is out until April with a leg injury he sustained against Reading in the FA Cup. He was expected to compete with Casemiro, Fred and McTominay but the Scot has since been out of action while the former Real Madrid star's red card against Crystal Palace ensured that he would miss both Leeds games and the visit of Leicester through suspension, though he will be available for both Europa League ties against Barcelona and the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle. 