Tyson Fury lost a huge £100,000 bet on Sunday evening despite watching his brother, Tommy Fury, beat Jake Paul by a split decision in Saudi Arabia. The WBC heavyweight champion was ringside to witness the hotly-anticipated bout, which pitted an emerging professional boxer in Fury against Paul, a former YouTube star. Tyson previously warned that his brother would be disowned if he lost to Paul, who had never faced an opponent with any notable boxing background before last night. Tommy, who initially rose to fame by appearing on Love Island, showed the greater variety and won by a split decision. Paul nearly threw a spanner in the works by dropping the Brit in the final round, although Fury rose from the canvas to clinch the win after finishing ahead on two judges' scorecards. Although the 23-year-old was visibly relieved by the result, older brother Tyson may have been silently gritting his teeth after admitting in the lead-up to the fight that he had placed a massive £100,000 bet on a stoppage inside the distance. DON'T MISS: Boxing LIVE - Fury and Paul agree on rematch, Carl Froch sceptical  "Tommy knocks out 90 per cent of people that he spars with or drops them at least, so he's a very hard puncher and Jake Paul will find that out tomorrow," Tyson told iFL TV. "I've got 100 racks on it for an inside the distance stoppage, so if he loses, then I'll lose 100 bags as well. I've got him at [odds of] 3-1. "I know Tommy is going to knock him out. What is a little bit stupid is I see all these experts and professional boxers picking Jake Paul over Tommy. I'm like, 'What the hell are these guys watching?', because Tommy will absolutely deck him.  "I think Tommy can get him out of there whenever really. It'll definitely be inside the distance and it won't be a points job for sure. Tommy wins by knockout. I can smell the fear and he [Jake] is rattling. He is rattling like a little b**** and he is going to get knocked out."  Despite his wager falling flat, Fury the elder looks set to have another chance at predicting the outcome as Sunday night's competitors have supposedly vowed to set up a rematch. Paul admitted in the build-up to the fight that a rematch clause was included in his contract, and Fury has welcomed the idea of another big-money bout.  Just like Tommy, Tyson has an undefeated boxing record of his own with 33 wins and one draw since turning professional in 2008, including high-profile triumphs over Wladimir Klitschko, Dillian Whyte and Deontay Wilder. Many want to see him return to action against fellow world heavyweight champion Oleksandr Usyk, with the contest touted for late April in Saudi Arabia, although it is yet to be signed and sealed.