King Charles III’s coronation will take place on May 6 with three days of royal celebrations planned to mark the start of his reign. Charles will also make his debut as King on the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside members of the Royal Family. Yet a new Express.co.uk poll has found widespread support against non-working royals making an appearance. The balcony appearance will be a key moment in the festivities which also include the Westminster Abbey ceremony, a Coronation Concert at Windsor Castle and a Coronation Big Lunch of street parties across the country. During Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June last year, the late monarch ruled that only working royals would be allowed to accompany her on the balcony and the King could follow his mother’s example. Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer said Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and Prince Andrew have “no place” on the balcony as they are no longer senior working royals. He told Pandora Forsyth on this week's Daily Express' Royal Round-Up that he expects the King to take the “moral high ground” and invite the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Duke of York to the Coronation. He added: “I don't believe, that there will be a place for the Sussexes or the Duke of York on the balcony." A senior royal insider told The Mirror last month that it would be “unlikely” that the Sussexes would be included in major public appearances during the Coronation celebrations, including joining the King on the balcony. READ MORE: Harry cannot be 'trusted' on coronation balcony, says Angela Levin  In a poll that ran from midday on Friday, January 27, to 3pm on Thursday, February 2, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should non-working royals join King Charles' Coronation balcony appearance?” Overall, 4,811 votes were cast, with the overwhelming majority, 92 percent (4,446 people), answering “no” to non-working royals appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony in May. Whereas seven percent (326 people) said “yes” they should, and a further one percent (39 people) said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on who should join the King on the balcony. Many readers thought that the King should follow his mother’s example from the Platinum Jubilee and not allow non-working royals on the balcony. Username englishproud said: “The late Queen had it right for the Jubilee appearance. The same should apply to the Coronation balcony appearance.” Likewise, username JanetWCQ1958 said: “Our late Queen very cleverly set the precedent last year for her Platinum Jubilee when she announced that only working members of the Royal Family and their children would appear on the balcony. That clearly is the way forward.” Other readers argued that as a state occasion, non-working royals should not be welcomed. Username aggie103 wrote: “This is a state affair for the UK. This is not a family affair. This is an event for the people of Britain as well as for the King.” While username PacificNW said: “The Queen did not allow non-working royals to be on the balcony during her Jubilee. Charles should do the same – only working royals on the balcony! This is not a family event, it is a state event!” DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan warned 'thousands' will boo them at King's Coronation [LATEST]King will 'let Harry keep his title' as part of Coronation incentives [REPORT]Do not let Harry steal King’s crowning glory, says ANN WIDDECOMBE [COMMENT] Another, username rb2 wrote: “It's a state occasion, not family. Any balcony appearance should be reserved for those who carry out duties for the UK state. Why should any non-working members of the British Royal Family get the privilege.” And username truey4 said: “No, under any circumstances! The balcony appearance will be a focal point of the Coronation, a state occasion for people to see their newly coronated King. “It is not a family occasion. Queen Elizabeth II at her Platinum Jubilee balcony appearance last June made this very clear, that only working royals should appear on the balcony under these circumstances.” However, some argued that Princess Anne’s husband Sir Timothy Laurence should be an exception, like he was for the Jubilee. Username dacia commented: “No, non-working royals should not be on the balcony with the exception of Sir Timothy.” And username whateveryousay remarked: “Definitely not. With the exception being Princess Anne's husband.” Meanwhile, others commented that Queen Consort Camilla’s two children – Tom Parker Bowles and Laura Lopes – should join their mother and step-father on the balcony despite having no royal titles and carrying out private lives. Username k1965 said: “Queen Camilla should have her children by her side.” Similarly, username Goldielover commented: “I think Camilla's two children should be there as well. Their mother was just crowned, after all. They normally stay in the background, but maybe this is one time that they should be included.” A minority of readers thought that all members of the Royal Family should appear on the famous balcony to mark the significant occasion. Username kkru said: “It's a celebration. Yes, all royals…should be on the balcony. Show them off!” And username astianax said: “The Coronation is a lifetime event where all Royal Family members should be invited to mark the occasion and toast it all together. “The exceptional day should be treated as such and all the Royal Family members should be gathered whether they are working royals or non-working royals.”