Nigel Farage has blasted Rishi Sunak for bringing King Charles into a Brexit deal which he claims "doesn't cut the mustard." The former Brexit Party leader used his GB News show to attack the government for labelling the new Northern Ireland agreement the "Windsor framework." Mr Farage said "It really vexes me it is called the Wiindsor deal and they got King Charles III involved." However, he also raised wider concerns that "we are seeing the real politics of Charles III" as he pointed out when he sat in the European Parliament he heard the Monarch praise the EU in speeches to MEPs. The GB News host put the issue to former DUP leader Dame Arlene Foster who warned "the government will regret involving the King." She pointed out that many Unionists have "a high regard for the King" and suggested that Mr Sunak might be playing on those sentiments as he attempts to push the deal though. Dame Arlene added: "It is much much better than what we had. Now we have a number of practical changes which are good news for Northern Ireland. We will want to see the details on the green and red lanes. Then we will need to look on this Stormont Brake and see if this will give Northern Ireland the power to say no to EU law." Meanwhile, Mr Farage acknowledged the new deal was "a vast improvement on the old protocol" adding "my gut feeling is the Government will get this through." He pointed out that Mr Sunak had praised his two successors - Boris Johnson and Liz Truss but then "ripped apart what they had agreed before." However, the key problem for Mr Farage was the fact that European Commissioner Ursula von der Leyen, who met the King, had insisted at the press conference that the European Court of Justice (ECJ) was "the final arbitor of EU law". It appeared to contradict what the Prime Minister had claimed. Mr Farage said: "In the end this was about restoring sovereignty...for me it is clear that a court i Strasbourg is still the final arbitor so I'm afraid it doesn't cut the mustard for me."