 Patsy Kensit, 54, has had a short stint in EastEnders playing Emma Harding but, as the actress wrapped up her time in Walford, she received some surprising news. On Tuesday, she shared a heartfelt message on Instagram as she bid her soap family farewell and shared a health update with her fans.   Patsy told her 131,000 followers that she is jetting off to find some “heat” after finally getting a diagnosis. She wrote: “We’re leaving on a jet plane! Don’t know when I’ll be back again…. Going to the heat. “Great news this Friday that my severe chest infection I’ve nursed since December has now been diagnosed.” The actress reassured her fans: “I’m on the right antibiotics and need to convalesce for a bit and will be right back on my feet!!!” READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' after Grand Tour host mocks farm produce  In early January, Patsy's illness had actually made her miss out on a holiday as she was rushed to A and E with pneumonia. She wrote online at the time, with an aesthetic photo cheese board: “No skiing for me as I’ve got pneumonia so spa and steam and thermals up to my eyeballs. “Thank you to the amazing NHS for taking care of me on the 29th of December at A and E in Southport. “You are the true hero’s on this planet. Health is paramount.”  Earlier this week, Patsy also seemed to confirm her exit from the BBC soap as she wrote a lengthy thank-you note for the cast and crew. She shared: “Cannot thank my amazing cast members at the simply awesome experience I’ve had working on EastEnders for being so kind and loving to me. “Big thank you to the BBC the producers writers crew and the EE family. Costume makeup AD’s Ang at the help desk. “The fabulous Jamie Borthwick and the phenomenal Danielle Harold for making me laugh my a**e off everyday. I love you both.  “A new adventure begins,” with a string of sparkling emojis. The actress seemed to confirm her departure from the show barely a month after she arrived. Patsy was introduced on the soap as Emma Harding, Lola Pearce’s mother, as the latter fulfilled her dying wish of reconnecting with her. Many of the actress’ followers desperately pleaded with her to stay on the show and shared their dismay at her departure.  One penned: “Glad you enjoyed your time on EastEnders and shame u left already. “Doesn't seem like five minutes ago you just joined. All the Best for whatever you do next.”(sic) Another added: “You’ve been magnetic on EastEnders enjoy the sun." Many also curiously noted they had suffered similar health issues, with some even noting they had been “under the weather” since December. Fans began sharing their own unique tips and tricks to get through the infection, and countless noted that the hot weather the actress is heading to “will be good for your lungs”.