The cost of food across the UK rose a whopping 14.6 per cent over the year to September 2022, according to the latest official data from the Office for National Statistics. However, Jeremy Clarkson has called on the Government to "double the price" of food to help out the nation's farmers who are "working seven days a week with their arm up a cow’s bottom for nothing". Jeremy shared ahead of the show's release how much of "a mess" cereal farms like he are in. "We don’t know what we’re supposed to be growing, or what fertilisers we’re supposed to be using. "Fertiliser is now costing £1,000 a tonne rather than £200 like last year," the Who Wants to be a Millionaire host said. "So, in every area, it’s a nightmare," he continued. "It’s not a disaster for me because I’ve got other ways of earning a living but if you haven’t – and 99.9 per cent of farmers don’t have another income stream – then a lot of them are simply not taking a wage." READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future Reflecting on how farmers across the nation are struggling, Jeremy added: "They’re living in their house, burning whatever it is the government says it’s legal to burn that week to stay warm, and they’re working seven days a week with their arm up a cow’s bottom for nothing." The broadcaster also hit out at people who "will not pay properly for their food". He stated: "Food is far too cheap. I know you can’t say that, but it’s far too cheap. "If the Government said, 'Right, we’re going to double the price of food,' they’d be out of office within five minutes. But that’s what they’ve got to do, really."  Jeremy also shared the impact he hopes the new season of Clarkson's Farm would have on people's shopping habits. He explained: "I hope that people look at the waste each day. "For example, it’s a Sunday and you have a roast where you’ve cooked a bit more than you can eat. Instead of throwing it away, make bubble and squeak. "Stop wasting any sort of food, and really take care of what you eat on a day-to-day. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson says James May 'isn't particularly supportive' of farm [LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson left facing 'year of disasters' on Diddly Squat Farm [UPDATE]Jeremy Clarkson saved farmer from 'going under' with Diddly Squat shop [INSIGHT] "And maybe don’t complain about paying that bit extra for beef or chicken or milk, because that money’s going down the line and actually helping someone out." Last year, amateur farmer Jeremy made a profit of just £144 and he hopes to increase this figure by diversifying. In the opening episode of series two, the harvest season is about to hit Jeremy again. However, his biggest challenge is the fallout from Brexit which means farmers are facing uncertain futures, with subsidies disappearing. 