Tom Brady has reiterated his decision to retire from American Football, after writing a letter to the NFL. Brady announced his retirement from the sport earlier this month, a year on from initially claiming he was walking away from the game. The NFL legend announced the decision to once again call time on his career after releasing a video to his followers on Twitter. Brady said: “I know the process was a pretty big deal last time, so when I woke up this morning, I figured I'd just press record and let you guys know first. “I won't be long-winded. You only get one super emotional retirement essay, and I used mine up last year. So really thank you guys so much to every single one of you for supporting me." Despite his announcement, rumours began to circulate that he could once again make a U-turn on his decision. However his retirement has been put into writing in a letter to NFL and NFLPA bosses, according to a report by ESPN. In doing so, he ends any doubt over a return and makes him eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame in five years. READ MORE: Kansas City Chiefs receive Pat Mahomes injury update after Jaguars win Brady ended his playing career at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, who endured a fairly underwhelming campaign on the field in 2022. In a statement, the team’s owners - who also controversially run Manchester United - the Glazer family thanked the seven-time Super Bowl champion for his efforts. It read: “Tom's impact will be felt within our community for many years to come and we will forever be grateful for those unforgettable memories that he provided during these final seasons of his legendary career.” Brady spent the majority of his unbelievable career at the New England Patriots. And received the plaudits of his former team, as well as from his Buccaneers bosses. Patriots General Manager Bill Belichick paid tribute to the former star, labelling his career on the American football field an ‘amazing’ one. DON'T MISS: Super Bowl LVII tickets going for £20k as fans flock to see Patrick Mahomes vs Jalen Hurts He commented: “Tom Brady was the ultimate winner. He entered the NFL with little to no fanfare and leaves as the most successful player in league history. His relentless pursuit of excellence drove him on a daily basis. "His work ethic and desire to win were both motivational and inspirational to teammates and coaches alike. Tom was a true professional who carried himself with class and integrity throughout his career. I thank Tom for the positive impact he had on me and on the Patriots and congratulate him on his amazing career."