Ex-Arsenal star Paul Merson was left gobsmacked that Leandro Trossard’s goal for the Gunners was ruled out against Leicester City by VAR. Ben White was adjudged to have fouled Danny Ward in the build-up to the goal, holding onto his arm for a ‘sustained’ period of time. The Gunners thought that they had opened the scoring in the 29th minute at the King Power Stadium through their January signing, Trossard. Following an unsuccessful corner routine, the former Brighton star received the ball on the edge of the box and unleashed a fierce strike into the top corner to send the away supporters into a frenzy. At first glance, the Belgium international appeared to have doubled his goal tally at his new club, though Ward was adamant that he was being restrained by White as he looked to punch clear the cross beforehand. VAR then called referee Craig Pawson to the pitch side monitor to review the coming together and he ruled that the game should remain goalless, with a camera angle behind the goal showing that White had a slight grip on the goalkeeper’s arm. Speaking to Sky Sports about the incident, Merson said: “It’s an absolute worldie. “I don’t think this is a foul unless he’s holding his arm. Oh, he’s holding his arm so it’s going to be a free kick. He (Ward) punches it out, comes to Saka, he passes it back to Trossard on the edge and he comes inside and smashes it (into the) top bins. “I mean, VAR, that is unbelievable. They can’t see sending offs but they can see that. Unbelievable. It’s a great spot.” Arsenal fans were furious with the decision, feeling that Ward could have broken free from White’s grip if he truly wanted to and that the contact was being used as an excuse for him misjudging his punch. Some supporters admitted that White did impact the goalkeeper though, but felt that VAR should have intervened in their favour to award them a penalty later in the half after Bukayo Saka was brought down by Leicester star Harry Souttar. As the ball was delivered, the England international looked to adjust his run to latch on to the cross but was tackled to the ground by Souttar, who had tripped over. Saka and his team-mates pleaded to Pawson that he was fouled but their appeals were waved away, with VAR not intervening and therefore deeming the on-field decision as not being a ‘clear and obvious’ error. But Arsenal won the match 1-0 anyway thanks to a second-half goal from Gabriel Martinelli.