Mountain View Campground, an RV Park in Hiawassee, Georgia, has been dubbed "absolutely a must stay" by a huge number of five-star reviews that praise the owners and their hospitality - including one couple who intended to stay for three days and stayed for two months. The park, which sits beneath the Blue Ridge Mountains, was set up by a couple in 1922, WWII veteran Thomas and his wife Elsie. The couple turned an old farmhouse and its land into a park that is now often rated among the best in the US. Although Elsie and Thomas have both passed away, their two grandsons now run the site in Hiawassee, known for being home to the Georgia Mountain Fairgrounds and Lake Chatuge The site boasts amenities mostly geared towards adults, with the majority of their visitors being from their last 30s up to their 80s. There is a gathering room with a ping pong table, karaoke on the regular basis, a pavilion, laundry facilities, full hookup, WiFi, and friendly pets are welcome. There is even a doggie park for dogs, where they can enjoy time off the lead. Additionally, guests can enjoy a music barn, where visitors can often find live music, storytellers, or movie nights going on. READ MORE: American tourists say 'tacky' Buckingham Palace is 'uninteresting' and rate it one-star The site has been rated five stars for its location, access, cleanliness, site quality, and noise. One camper wrote in their review that the camp blew them away. The traveller, who stayed for five nights, said Mountain View Campground is "absolutely a must stay. The owners and campground blew our expectations away. "This gem sets the bar for how all campgrounds should be run. The owner put so much of their love into this place, so enjoyable with karaoke at the music barn, meet and greet, clean and well kept and so much fun history. "We thought the karaoke and meet and greet might be a little cheesy but we met some of the most wonderful people and had so much fun in the music barn. Lots of places to explore nearby and some great hiking. Highly recommend!!" DON'T MISSFlight attendent's 'important' reason to always go to the toilet before you board [WARNING] Vital hotel room toothbrush hack from flight attendant [INSIDER] Flight attendant says use a coat hanger on your door to stay safe [HACK] Another couple ended up staying at the park two months after intending to stay for just three days. They said: "The new owners are awesome and make everyone that stays here feel like family." The couple added: "You're surrounded by stunning mountain views, which make the bonfires that much more enjoyable and there's even an old barn where they occasionally have cookouts, live music, karaoke, or play movies. The wi-fi is the best we've had at a campground so far, which is important for us since we work on the road and the FREE laundry is definitely a plus since we don't have a w/d in our 35 ft RV." One reviewer, Tim Lawrence, called the campsite "a little slice of heaven" and added, "do yourself a favour and try this place out." Another wrote: "I usually reserve a perfect rating for fancy parks with pools, spas, etc but this park is a different kind of perfect. Beautiful green grass, mountain views, rustic feel yet full hook-ups. "But it is the new owners who make the place. They live on the grounds and are available at a moment's notice. They guide you to your spot and are just fun to be around. That seems to filter down and makes the other campers happy and friendly." The nightly rate at the park is $45 a night, with a weekly rate of $295. Special rates apply on holidays.