Prince William has caused a royal storm on TikTok after an old clip of the now-40-year-old, as a shy young child, performing in a pantomime emerged on the popular social media platform. The footage showed Princess Diana beaming as the proud mother-of-two watched on. The sweet old footage showed a young Prince William taking part in the Hoop De Doo Pantomime. Diana was sat in the audience, in support of her eldest son. The clip, which is a rarely-seen one, saw many royal fans their thoughts over the "lovely" video. One royal fan wrote: "This video is so lovely to see. READ MORE: Queen Camilla sees boost to popularity despite recent spate of vicious trolling "You can see here the man he would become and the man Diana was hoping to help him be." Another user wrote: "He was so shy bless him how lovely to see him on stage. "Diana encouraged him I bet."' Another deemed it as "incredible footage", describing William as a "normal kid having the best time". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan branded 'laughing stock' in US after featuring in new South Park episode Another user commented about Diana, writing: "When you see her 'mom head tilt', you know she's smiling and loving seeing him do this." Both William and Harry have spoken publicly about the tragic loss of their late mother. William, who was only 15 at the time of her death, spoke about his mother on a 2017 documentary, 'Diana: Our Mother'. Speaking of her passing in 1997, he said: "It'll either make or break you", adding that he wanted it to "make me". He claimed that he didn't want his mother's legacy to be "William and/or Harry were completely and utterly devastated by it". DON'T MISS Diana, the former Princess of Wales, was only 36 when she died following injuries she sustained during a car accident in Paris in 1997. William's younger brother, Prince Harry, was only 12 at the time, recently opened up about Diana's death in his bombshell memoir, Spare. In Spare, Harry recalled the moment that his father told him that his mother had died. He claimed that his father was sat on the end of his bed, calling him "dear son", whilst explaining that there had been a car accident and that his mother had not recovered from her injuries.