Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand was left red-faced after his comments resurfaced from the summer when the Red Devils were reportedly considering selling Cristiano Ronaldo. The 38-year-old remained at Old Trafford but as his relationship with manager Erik ten Hag became increasingly fractured, his contract at the club was terminated before the World Cup and he then moved to Saudi Arabian side Al Nassr. Ferdinand had been a strong supporter of Ronaldo during his second spell at United and after the striker was dropped by Ten Hag, Ferdinand felt that the Portuguese star’s goals could not be replaced after he scored 24 times in the previous seasons. However, after Marcus Rashford notched his 24th of the campaign in the 3-0 win over Leicester on Sunday, his comments were quickly brought back up. “There’s not been a change over in players that we expected,” Ferdinand told Vibe with FIVE at the beginning of August. “We haven’t been able to pin down the signings we’ve wanted. If we go into this season without recruiting another midfielder there’s going to be problems this season. It’s going to be a long season. “Man United are never letting him [Ronaldo] go right now. Where are they going to find 24 goals? If he starts, you have got a better chance of getting better performance. I would start Ronaldo up front, Rashford on the left, [Jadon] Sancho on the right or vice versa. "[Christian] Eriksen, Bruno [Fernandes], I am going to play [Lisandro] Martinez as the holding midfielder, take Fred out. [Raphael] Varane, [Harry] Maguire and left-back I’ll play [Luke] Shaw. [Diogo] Dalot right-back. [David] De Gea in goal.” Supporters swiftly responded to Ferdinand as Rashford continued his startling form amid spearheading United’s title charge, with the Red Devils just five points off table-toppers Arsenal. One fan replied claiming that the club made the correct decision to let Ronaldo leave: “Rashford has scored more, other players are chipping in and they're playing way better as a whole. It was absolutely the right decision to let him go,” Twitter user @mosali_99 wrote.  Ferdinand did not respond on Twitter after United’s victory over Leicester where Rashford proved he could match and potentially better Ronaldo’s tally from last season despite the ex-defender’s claims that no player in the squad would be able to. However, after the 2-2 Europa League draw away to Barcelona in which Rashford scored and set up United’s other, Ferdinand took to social media to praise the England star. “@MarcusRashford is on smoke,” Ferdinand wrote. “He is on a new level, a level he hasn’t been at until now, a level of consistency he hasn’t been able to stay at until now. A fit, Focused, direct, confident, deadly & potent Rashford is not to be messed with!”