FIA president Mohammed ben Sulayem is on the verge of civil war with F1 bosses and team principals amid a string of controversies. It comes after his comments around a possible takeover bid which led to legal threats after claims the FIA were looking to silence drivers. Reports now suggest team bosses have “issues” with Ben Sulayem’s approach and could push for a change of leadership. It leaves tensions at boiling point with just weeks to go before the new season kicks off in Bahrain. F1 owners Liberty Media hit back at Ben Sulayem after the boss suggested a possible £16billion ($20bn) Saudi Arabian takeover valuation was “inflated”. F1 bosses drafted a letter to the FIA, claiming the governing body could be “liable” for damages after making the stunning allegation. Lawyers suggested that F1 had the “exclusive rights” to exploit the sports; commercial opportunities. But, Ben Sulayem issued an incendiary retaliation as he claimed that F1 was simply on loan to the commercial rights holder with the FIA being the true owners. Sky Sports host Craig Slater also revealed the FIA had not issued any response to the letter in another blow to the fractured relationship. READ MORE: FIA and F1 hold talks as team bosses ‘have issues’ with Ben Sulayem Some of the sport's leading stars have been critical of the FIA’s plan to silence drivers' voices in 2023. Personal gestures and political protests will be banned in an attempt to keep the sport “neutral” in 2023 unless drivers receive prior approval. Drivers must receive the FIA's approval to make statements with anyone breaking the rules expected to receive harsh penalties. The rule change is likely to be a blow to Lewis Hamilton who is regularly spotted taking a knee before races and has done so since the start of the 2020 season. Valtteri Bottas has claimed the FIA want to “control” drivers while Red Bull boss Helmut Marko also hit out at the "clearly wrong” decision as he stressed drivers should be able to “express their opinion”. Human rights groups have also criticised the FIA for attempting to “muzzle” those behind the cockpit. DON'T MISSFred Vasseur left 'convinced' as storm around FIA president rages on [INSIGHT]Christian Horner calls out Ben Sulayem amid uncertainty over Andretti [ANALYSIS]Valtteri Bottas claims FIA 'want to control' drivers  [COMMENT] Ben Sulayem has also been embroiled in a sexism row after comments made over two decades ago resurfaced. The FIA boss said he didn’t like “women who think they are smarter than men, for they are not” in a 2001 post on his website. But, the governing body defended the president, claiming the comments did not “reflect” his belief. An FIA statement added: “He has a strong record on promoting women and equality in sport, which he is happy to be judged on. “It was a central part of his manifesto and actions taken this year and the many years he served as vice-president for sport prove this.” According to German site Sport1, Liberty Media are hoping to push Ben Sulayem out of the role amid the controversies. However, the president would need to be found in breach of gross misconduct to be thrown out early. They have apparently lined up ex-Prodrive boss David Richards to lead the FIA. Richards has experience at the top of racing having run British governing body Motorsport UK.