Chelsea have responded to reports that their former player Christian Atsu is missing following an earthquake in Turkey. Search and rescue teams are desperately trying to find the forward, with his Hatayspor side caught up in the horrific natural disaster. Turkish president Tayyip Erdogan has announced that over 1,000 people have died as a result of the two quakes, causing significant damage in Syria as well. The first quake, with a magnitude of 7.8, shook the country in the early hours of Monday morning before a second followed in the early afternoon. It is reported that over 5,000 people have been injured as a result, with the Turkish side Hatayspor significantly affected. Reports in the country have revealed that Atsu is ‘missing under the rubble’, along with other members of staff. The 31-year-old spent four years with the Blues but failed to make an appearance for the first team, spending each season out on loan. Though his former side have sent him a message, tweeting a photo of him playing for the club with the caption: “We’re playing for you, Christian Atsu.” Atsu left Chelsea for Newcastle in 2017 following a successful loan stint at St James’ Park, playing a key role in their promotion back to the Premier League. He scored three goals in 75 appearances for the Magpies after his £6.2million switch before leaving for Saudi Arabian side A-Raed in 2021. Newcastle also sent their prayers to Atsu, tweeting: “Praying for some positive news, @ChristianAtsu20.” The Ghana Football Association released a statement about their 65-time capped star, which read: We pray for Ghana International Christian Atsu and victims of the earthquake in Turkey and Syria. We continue with our efforts to establish contact with officials of Hataspor and the Turkish Football Federation, considering the difficult situation. “Our thoughts and prayers are with Christian Atsu and our brothers and sisters in Turkey and Syria. We remain hopeful for positive news.” Atsu has made three appearances for Hatayspor so far this season and is keen to get his career back on track in Turkey. The player has revealed that he has no regrets about spending such a significant chunk of his career at Chelsea despite never having the opportunity to competitively represent the club. He explained: “That [joining Chelsea] was the right decision that I made, if someone tells me this road is wrong, they must know what would have happened if I’d stayed at Porto. Would I be at a big European club now? Maybe, but nobody can tell me that for certain. If Chelsea want to sign you, how can you say no? I believed I could make it at Chelsea so I went there. It didn’t happen but that does not make it a bad move.”