Queen Margrethe of Denmark has arguably one of the most unusual royal engagement rings. However, it is actually the most expensive royal engagement ring in Europe, even more expensive than Kate Middleton's classic ring.       Queen Margrethe's engagement ring costs a whopping £1million according to Steven Stone experts. The only ring that is more pricey is Queen Jetsun Pema of Bhutan's, whose ring is valued at £1.3million. Therefore, out of the European royals, Queen Margrethe II of Denmark wears the most expensive engagement ring. In contrast, the Princess of Wales' blue sapphire ring costs just £300,000, and Queen Camilla's is valued at £212,000. Queen Margrethe's husband paid a sweet tribute to his wife with his choice of ring. READ MORE: Princess Anne plays 'wing-woman' in closest royal friendship  Royal engagement rings have long been a source of great interest among royal fans in the UK and abroad. Queen Margrethe of Denmark wears a particularly dazzling sparkler that was given to her by her late husband Prince Henrik. Although Henrik died in 2018, Margrethe continues to wear the hugely sentimental sparkler today. According to style experts, there is an important meaning behind the royal's sparkler.   While some royal engagement rings feature rubies, sapphires or emeralds, engagement rings traditionally feature diamonds. But rather than a lone solitaire, Queen Margrethe was given a ring with two huge diamonds from Prince Henrik, with the enormous cushion-cut diamonds sitting on a yellow gold band. Queen Margrethe's engagement ring is an example of a "toi et moi" ring, which translates as "you and me" in French. The rings symbolise the bride and groom and the "union of two lovers", according to an expert. READ MORE: I made King Charles' £5 wild mushroom risotto with no garlic - video  British Vogue’s jewellery and watch director, Rachel Garrahan, said: "What could be more romantic than a toi et moi ring, where two stones meet to symbolise the union of two lovers? “Dating back centuries, the style became famous in 1796, when Napoleon Bonaparte proposed to Josephine de Beauharnais with one." Ms Garrahan added that although the rings traditionally "feature two different stones in matching sizes and cuts", contrasting designs are also popular now. At the time of their engagement in 1967, Margrethe was still a Princess and Henri de Laborde de Monpezat, later Prince Henrik, was a French diplomat. Henrik purchased the ring from the renowned French jewellery house, Van Cleef and Arpels.   Queen Margrethe is not the only Danish royal with a hugely symbolic engagement ring. Her son, Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark, also chose an engagement ring with a special meaning for Mary Donaldson, now Crown Princess Mary of Denmark. Mary's ring features a diamond nestled between two rubies, which emulates the colours of Denmark's flag. Extra diamonds were added to either side of the rubies at a later date and they are thought to represent the couple's four children. 