Tottenham boss Antonio Conte should leave the club if he is not prepared to change formation, claims Jamie O'Hara. The ex-Spurs midfielder believes recent injury problems must see a change in approach heading into the Champions League tie with AC Milan. Spurs are in Milan ahead of the first leg of the last-16 tie tonight (Tuesday). They are without several players due to long-term injuries. Captain Hugo Lloris, Yves Bissouma and Ryan Sessegnon are all set for extended periods on the sidelines. But Rodrigo Bentancur will be out for the longest after rupturing his anterior cruciate knee ligament in Saturday's loss at Leicester. The absences of Bentancur and Bissouma in particular leave Spurs short in midfield. Pape Sarr and Oliver Skipp are set to play a part at the San Siro, with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg also available. Conte has adopted his preferred 3-4-3 formation throughout most of his time in charge in north London. But O'Hara says it is a necessity he adds another player in midfield to accommodate for the injuries. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m  O'Hara told talkSPORT: "If anyone at Tottenham is listening, you have got to change the formation now. You cannot play two in midfield, you cannot play 3-4-3 without Bentancur. You have to play three in midfield." But former Chelsea defender Jason Cundy is not convinced Conte will do what O'Hara wants. He replied: "He won't change." O'Hara insists that if that is the case, then the Italian should leave now. He said: "Well then he should go, then he should go. "Because honestly, I don't even enjoy watching Tottenham anymore, I don't enjoy watching it. I used to get so passionate, so into watching Spurs play. "And now I'm looking and watching going 'I'm not enjoying this'. It's not enjoyable to watch. We never have the ball, when we have the ball we've got no creativity. We're awful at the back." DON'T MISSRio Ferdinand begged Man Utd to sign Modric but they bought £17m flop insteadEverton boss Dyche points finger at Pickford following error in Liverpool lossGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to light  Conte's future at Spurs is in doubt. He is out of contract at the end of the season and has been linked with a return to Italy. He returned to media duties on Monday ahead of the first leg after undergoing gallbladder surgery. The 53-year-old says he will put his trust in Sarr and Skipp in Milan. Conte said: "We have the solution in our house, with the two young players, Skippy and Pape Sarr. You know we are talking about two young players, their first game in Champions League, they are really young - 20 and 22 years old. "Especially for this reason we have to be good to help them to overcome the emotion, and then we trust them." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 