If South America is a little demanding for your budget, why not visit the Isle of Man? The gorgeous island is only 30 minutes from the UK. A spokesperson said: “Boasting unique flora and fauna, the Isle of Man and Galapagos are both home to an incredible array of native species, from the Isle of Man’s Manx Loaghtan to the Galapagos’ giant tortoises. “It’s no surprise the two destinations have both received international recognition as UNESCO Biosphere reserves – with the Isle of Man being the world’s only nation to be entirely marked as a Biosphere reserve. “Luckily for Brits, being a few thousand miles closer means the Isle of Man is reachable by ferry or plane in as little as 30 minutes from the UK and Ireland, making it the perfect stress-free staycation that can transport you to another world right on your doorstep.” It might not have giant tortoises, but the Isle of Man has incredible wildlife spotting opportunities for tourists. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’ Puffins, seals and dolphins can be spotted in the island’s waters while there are also exotic creatures on land. The Manx Loaghton are a type of sheep that’s native to the Isle of Man and they usually have four horns. The sheep are extremely rare and today there are fewer than 1,500 registered breeding females. It’s a long way from Australia, but tourists will also have a chance of spotting wild wallabies in the Isle of Man. In the 1960s red-necked wallabies escaped from the Curraghs Wildlife Park and adapted well to the local climate. Today, there are over 100 wild wallabies in the Isle of Man and they are very popular with tourists. The Galapagos are known for their rugged natural beauty with the islands’ unique volcanic landscapes drawing plenty of visitors. As 40 percent of the Isle of Man is uninhabited, tourists won’t find it hard to get off the beaten track. READ MORE: England’s best free family days out for half-term Birdwatchers will find plenty to spot in the Isle of Man, particularly at the Calf of Man, which is home to 33 bird breeds. The Isle of Man is also the perfect place to stargaze as it's home to a whopping 26 Registered Dark Sky Discovery Sites. This year, the island has even launched a Mindful Map which will guide tourists to the destination’s best wellness spots. With 32 beaches, 18 scenic glens and numerous wild swimming spots, there’s plenty of space to get back to nature. The Isle of Man has air links with many of the UK’s major airports, with many journeys taking just 30 minutes. It’s also included on cruise itineraries and could be the perfect addition to an Irish or UK cruise. The Isle of Man Steam Packet operates regular ferries from the North West of England all year. Despite its small size, the island has a range of accommodations from hotels to self-catered cottages.