UFC star Alexander Hernandez admits his penis ‘stopped working’ when making featherweight for his last fight. Hernandez, who hadn’t fought at 145lb since 2013, jumped back down in weight to face Billy Quarantillo at UFC 282 but struggled on the scales. Hernandez was eventually knocked out by Quarantillo in the second round and admits boiling down in weight played its toll. So, much in fact that Hernandez’s penis stopped working on the morning of the fight - never a good sign for any young man. “I’ve got some of the best nutritionists in the world, Perfecting Athletes is the group I go with. It’s not like I wasn’t eating it was just small man,” Hernandez told reporters. “It was rough, it was the roughest. It wasn’t like I was moaning every day, I was locked in, but my d*** didn’t even work in the morning. I was Gender X, just moving through for three months. Just a straightforward path.” “Doing that for enough time probably weighs on the brain a little bit. It was tough, everything was low. Everything was depleted. I felt strong though. I felt fast, I felt faster than I’ve ever felt. The conditioning was fantastic, but I just needed to keep the mental game right. I just needed to remember why I was doing all this pain and struggling for.” Hernandez returns to his natural weight class this weekend, as he faces grizzled veteran Jim Miller in a lightweight encounter on two weeks’ notice. Miller holds the record for the most UFC bouts at 40 and most UFC wins at 24. The 39-year-old is unbeaten in his last three contests having recorded wins over Erick Gonzalez, Nikolas Motta and Donald Cerrone in the last eighteen months. Meanwhile, Hernandez has lost three out of his last five and is winless in two. Hernandez exploded onto MMA fans’ radars with a massive upset win over Beneil Dariush back in 2018. However, the 30-year-old has struggled to replicate his past glory ever since but is hoping he can get back to winning ways on Saturday. "After my last fight, I was telling my manager and coach that I don't want to do another 14-week camp. It's never become more evident to me that [my losses] aren’t a physical issue, it's a mental issue. I'm really enthusiastic and I'm angry at myself as I want to get redemption. The weight cut is now simple," he added.