Back in December 2019, Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William appeared in a festive BBC episode, A Berry Royal Christmas, where they helped Mary Berry prepare a menu for a charity event. During the episode, the royal couple were seen sitting amongst a group chatting, when William placed his hand on Kate’s shoulder and she seemingly shrugged him off. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James who watched the clip and gave her analysis. During the conversation, William turned to Kate and placed his right hand on her shoulder. She looked at her husband before suddenly moving in her seat and turning her head in the opposite direction. Judi commented: “It was a warm, relaxed, log fire Christmas moment and William clearly thought it was appropriate to place a hand on his wife’s arm as they chatted about baking. “Kate’s response looks like a charming but emphatic rejection of that touch, but was it really a PDA from William and was Kate really performing a knock-back? READ MORE: King Charles’ unusual food quirks that royal chefs 'have to consider' “Kate’s pose here suggests almost girlish enthusiasm and even a less regal, more low-status approach to the group chat. “She seems to be in the middle of listening to another woman and William’s gesture to refer the interest back to Kate via whatever he is saying might have been seen as an interruption that was wrong at that moment.” Judi continued: “The couple had also been competitive with their baking too and this might have been the kind of banter-based, playful gesture that William can be known for. “Kate’s response looks like a ‘don’t interrupt‘ signal, involving a whole-body wriggle to create distance rather than an angry micro shoulder-shrug or arm movement. DON'T MISS...50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream [COMMENT]Tesco, M&S and Morrisons recall popular foods due to health risks [NEWS]Keep potatoes edible for ‘months’ with new storage advice [GUIDE] “Kate doesn’t miss a beat otherwise, suggesting this was less of a personal rejection and more like a ‘not right now’ signal.” Royal fans watching the show noticed this moment between Kate and William and took to Twitter to comment at the time. One wrote: “PDA ... a 'no-no' for Kate Middleton when William put his hand on her shoulder! What just happened?” A second added: “Awkward! Too awkward!! They should have cut it out!" A third who reached their own conclusion about the clip explained: “I think he tickled her back or shoulder. She did move but there were no dirty looks or even a facial reaction. READ MORE: Meghan's ‘go-to meal’ uses ingredient mother Doria 'always used' “It was not really long enough of a clip to really tell what was going on, but both seem to be in good humour.” Kate and William are not usually one for showing public displays of affection. But in more recent years, they have been seen interacting with one another when out and about for public engagements. Judi previously said the couple have a "natural and co-ordinated chemistry together", which signals the "actual depth of their relationship".  She said it suggests they are "very tactile in private and toning it down in public". Kate and William follow other royal couple’s example when it comes to PDA. For example, Queen Elizabeth II was rarely seen holding hands with her husband Prince Philip. King Charles has been seen more recently guiding Queen Consort Camilla by placing his hand on her lower back, but this is not a regular occurrence. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, on the other hand, are extremely tactile with one another.