Meghan Markle did not attend Oprah Winfrey’s birthday party as she and Harry ‘can’t risk’ making waves before the King’s coronation. The friend of the Duchess and TV icon turned 69 over the weekend, and hosted a party in Montecito for her celebrity friends. A-list stars gathered to celebrate Oprah’s birthday, organised by Anastasia Beverly Hills, in her home at California. Kim Kardashian was in attendance, posting some pictures on her Instagram Story with the caption, “Happy Birthday @oprah. “Sharon Stone said it best last night toasting you that you mean the world to the world! Happy birthday!” However, the Duchess and Prince Harry were absent despite being close by. Now, royal commentator Hilary Fordwich told Fox News Digital it would be wise for the Sussexes to lie low as Charles prepares for his coronation. "They both know, as we all do, that the huge issue is the upcoming coronation," she said. "Neither Harry nor Meghan can really risk further damage. “Their long-term prospects and entire relevance are at play." Fordwich also speculated Meghan may be quietly working on "future projects" while focusing on the couple’s two young children at home. READ MORE: Being a royal was 'too cr***y' for Harry and Meghan - US journalist After enduring backlash from her and Harry’s tell-all interviews and books, she said they are aware of more “fall-out”. "Given what Harry has said regarding his children that he’s hopeful for reconciliation and ‘would love nothing more than for our children to have relationships with members of my family’ - Perhaps [they] are realising all the fall-out is putting longer-term concerns in jeopardy.” Charles and Camilla, the Queen Consort, will have their coronation at Westminster Abbey on May 6. While official invites have not been sent out, the King is said to want his son and wife to be in attendance despite Harry’s bombshells about the royals in his memoir ‘Spare’. “Charles is a forgiving person by nature, and he wants to move on,” a source told Vanity Fair. “Whatever has been said and done, Harry is still his son and he loves him. “He also cannot imagine being crowned, the most important moment of his life, without both his sons witnessing the moment.” It comes after correspondent Kara Kennedy suggested Harry and Meghan’s “loud mouths” are being “used against them after a series of similar incidents over the last few years”. “It’s easy to see why Oprah wouldn’t want the pair at her birthday shindig after Harry’s latest revelations”, Kara wrote for the Spectator “During his press tour for the duke’s memoir, Spare, nearly three years on from that bombshell interview with Oprah, he made her look stupid. “On national TV, during a two-hour interview where the couple managed to tell seventeen lies, they planted a seed that would see the British royal family branded as terrible racists for the final years of the Queen’s life.” “The Sussexes equal drama. Everybody over here is starting to realize that they never intended on having a quiet life,” a Hollywood insider told the outlet.