Helen Flanagan, 33, looked sensational in the jaw-dropping number, after she recently revealed that she had split from her long-term partner and father of her three children, Scott Sinclair. The Corrie favourite, who previously played Rosie Webster in the soap, posted a video with her son Charlie, who also wore a red outfit. Helen was all smiles in the clip and images, as she revealed that the pair were on a mother-and-son Valentine’s date. Wishing her one million followers a Happy Valentine's, she captioned the video: “Happy Valentine’s Day Matching with my boy." She added: “I already have my prince, the only man I’ll ever give my heart to, my boy." READ MORE: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap Yesterday Helen also shared a heartwarming reel as she enjoyed a Valentine's Day breakfast with her two daughters. In the picture, her little ones were smiling as she gave them presents and a card. Fans flocked to her page to comment on her hot new look. One fan simply posted: “So beautiful” followed by a love heart emoji. Another wrote: “Why are you such an attractive young lady?” While a third added simply: “Stunning.” Some fans also enquired where she got the hot red dress from, while another complimented her on how beautiful it looked. The cute snap comes after the star recently split from her fiance of 13 years. DONT MISS: Emily Ratajkowski strips naked with Eric Andre for Valentine's Day pic [LATEST] Vanessa Feltz puts on brave face on Valentine's just days after split [LATEST] Ruth Langsford jokes she 'almost threw Eamonn out' over possessions [INSIGHT] Helen revealed that she had a chilling omen about the future of their relationship. According to reports, she called it quits after her engagement ring unexpectedly snapped. Talking to The Sun newspaper, a friend claimed that the incident was a sign for her that the relationship was doomed. They said: “[Helen] is into all things spiritual and had a feeling so she sought guidance from a psychic medium. “Helen and Scott really tried to work on their relationship but ultimately she saw the ring breaking as a bad omen and one that meant she shouldn't get married.” Newly single Helen has previously admitted that she is adjusting well to life on her own. The actress shares three children with former footballer Scott, daughters Matilda, seven, Delilah, four, and 18-month-old son Charlie.