Aries Responsibilities you took on since the start of the year are becoming overwhelming. You realise you can’t walk away from these now but what you can do is ask around to see if someone else is willing to take some of the load off your shoulders. Taurus Continue to be honest about your thoughts and feelings but you can also be diplomatic. Say what you must but think first before blurting out something you will, in the future, wish you hadn’t. Take care of unfinished business later in the day. Gemini The thought of discussing a touchy topic makes you feel tense and anxious. Emotions are being held back behind a wall of restraint but ask yourself what you are going to do if the emotional dam breaks. It might be better to talk to someone who is likely to understand. Cancer Be clear about your feelings if you aren’t happy with the way someone is making another person or recent event out to be negative and unattractive. Communicate your own dissatisfaction in a careful and direct way. Your main aim is to keep everything as calm as possible. Leo Rather than just talking about them, find ways to demonstrate your feelings. Sometimes actions can speak louder than words. If you’ve been working long hours you might want more free time now for pleasurable pursuits. Don’t allow a senior colleague to persuade you to take on any more. Virgo Acting as if everything is okay when deep inside you know it isn’t, will not bring you any happiness. You’re worried your emotions will get in the way and complicate the day when it is important for you to let other people know your true thoughts and feelings.  Libra You will surprise someone by quickly reaching a conclusion and making an important decision. You feel more confident than usual about making this choice. Although it will become apparent that others don’t feel quite the same way as you, refuse to start questioning yourself because of this. Scorpio The root cause of a tense situation will be connected to an intent or incident that is so subtle it would be easy to miss the point. Read between the lines as it will be by listening to what’s being said in between words being spoken that will reveal the underlying truth. Sagittarius You may well be able to talk your way out of a difficult situation you create but if this means telling a few untruths you aren’t going to be happy with yourself. The whole matter will leave you feeling on edge and dissatisfied.   Capricorn You are growing tired of someone’s indecisive ways. Having to wait for them to make their mind up is not getting anything done. You are ready to take action on a legal or financial matter, with or without their approval. Once you have made a choice, you will not change your mind. Aquarius An emotional current will sweep you up making it hard for you to take an objective view of all that is going on. Separate threads of your life are being woven together when friendships will interfere with family life or vice-versa. The best thing to do is nothing until you can work out exactly what is going on. Pisces You have taken on a leadership role but someone who has known you for years will be questioning your authority. You need to express your position and your decisions in no uncertain terms. People are about to see a new and more assertive side of you.    