Liverpool have been urged to sign Mason Mount alongside Jude Bellingham by former goalkeeper David James. Mount should be questioning his future at Chelsea after a raft of big-money signings, James believes. The Blues star has recently found himself out of the starting 11 at Stamford Bridge. Graham Potter has preferred the likes of Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Kai Havertz and Joao Felix in attack. Come the summer, Mount will have just 12 months remaining on his contract and talks over an extension have reportedly stalled. James has told Liverpool to take advantage of the 24-year-old’s predicament. Jurgen Klopp is set to revamp his midfield in the summer transfer window as part of a major overhaul of the Liverpool squad. Borussia Dortmund starlet Bellingham is believed to be a top target, but James has said Mount could also be a ‘special’ addition at Anfield. JUST IN: Rio Ferdinand backs 'intelligent' Jude Bellingham to snub Liverpool “I’m a big fan of Mason Mount. If you’re Mason Mount or Ruben Loftus-Cheek, prior to the transfer window at Chelsea, then you’d be questioning your longevity at the club, due to the number of signings that the club has made,” James told GGRecon. “It’s nothing to do with Graham Potter. I did my pro licence with him and he’s a fantastic manager and a fantastic person. “But I just believe that there’s a lot of players that have come in for a lot of money and then there will be players at the club who were there before the transfer window, who would have believed they’d be at Chelsea for the rest of their career, like Mason Mount, but will now be starting to question whether that’s the case. DON'T MISS...Football news LIVE - Arsenal get Jesus boost Motson tributesLiverpool already know £98m Josko Gvardiol would love to join themRashford and Casemiro told they wouldn't get in Man Utd treble team “If Liverpool are interested in him, then the prospect of Mason Mount and Jude Bellingham in Liverpool’s midfield would be something special I think.” Liverpool will battle with Champions League nemeses Real Madrid for Bellingham in the summer. Both clubs are believed to have completed most of the groundwork ahead of a possible transfer that could exceed £100million. The Reds have also apparently shown an interest in Mount. Given the England star’s contract situation, Liverpool could prise him from Stamford Bridge for a cut-price fee. Chelsea seemingly still hold out hope of tying their academy graduate down to a new contract but he could ultimately decide that his future lies elsewhere.