The series follows former Top Gear star, Jeremy Clarkson, as he runs his West Oxfordshire farm, Diddly Squat. While fans enjoy tuning into the Amazon Prime Video series, the local council has refused the 62-year-old's recent proposals for a restaurant on the farm. This week, the council has hit back at criticism to insist Jeremy will be treated "no differently" to anyone else. West Oxfordshire District Council spoke out on Tuesday after the episode in which plans are refused caused a backlash. Episode five of the current series shows Jeremy storming out of a meeting with the council following the decision. Taking to social media, fans complained council officials had a "vendetta" against Jeremy. The authorities soon hit back to explain Jeremy was being treated the same as others would be. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments They explained proper procedures were followed and "regardless" of who is involved in proposals, rules would be followed. A statement said: "We understand that the planning process shown in Season 2 of Clarkson's Farm can seem obstructive and that people will be confused by the planning decisions at Diddly Squat Farm. "As with any other planning authority, we have a legal responsibility to make sure that planning laws and policies are followed correctly by everyone to manage development and protect local communities and the environment. "This is regardless of who they are and we treat Diddly Squat Farm no differently." Speaking to MailOnline, they continued: "As shown on the programme, officers from the council went to meet with the owners of Diddly Squat Farm to provide advice which was one of multiple conversations we had to try and support the farm." They went on to say in recent years many of the farm's planning applications have been approved. Last year, Jeremy described rejected council applications as "infuriating". Speaking on TalkTV, he remarked: "I’ve no idea I must have offended the planners in some way in a column I wrote probably 20 years ago and I can't get planning permission. DON'T MISS... BBC backlash as Nina Warhurst fails to apologise after MP swears [VIDEO]Coronation Street's Daisy horrified as stalking ordeal ignored [LATEST]Will Mellor wanted to get Keith Lemon 'out of comfort zone' in show [EXCLUSIVE] "Maybe I should buy an apron and join the Masons. I don't know what you have to do. "But I simply can't get planning permission for anything. Which is infuriating, but it's not just me as it turns out." He added: “Farmers up and down the country are saying the same thing. “I’m sure you know the basic farm payment scheme has been reduced dramatically. Right? “It's gone down from £80,000 to £60,000, it goes down to £40,000 next year, and it will eventually go to nothing at all. “And the government has told farmers to diversify, to think of other ways of making money and not just to rely on taxpayer assistance." Jeremy had been hoping to open a restaurant to help a cooperative of farmers living close by. Clarkson's Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video. 