George Santos was very combative as he addressed his decision to recuse himself from House committees after he was exposed for telling several lies during his electoral campaign. Santos had to clarify his grandparents had not escaped the Holocaust despite previously claiming otherwise and was forced to admit to dressing up in drag when video footage emerged following his denial. As he repeatedly apologised for his conduct, reporter Caitlin Sinclair noted he did not appear sorry, causing Santos to snap at her. He said: "I don't know what looking sorry looks like to you.'I said I was sorry many times. I behaved as if I'm sorry. "If you want to compare emotions, people show emotions differently. I am sorry. I'm deeply sorry. "I don't know what is asked of me right now when you ask, 'Oh, you have not shown remorse and you don't seem to look sorry.' "I don't know what looking sorry looks like to you Caitlin." JUST IN: TikTok star caught in cancer scam after followers spot misplaced medical kit in video Santos insisted he had repeatedly apologised for his lies but insisted he had only made misleading allegations about his educational background. He also accused the media of contributing to his recusal from House committees because of their intense coverage of his claims. The Republican congressman said: "I've learned my lesson. I can guarantee you that from now on anything and everything is always going to be above board. "It's largely always been above board. I'm just gonna go the extra step now to double-check." READ MORE: China lashes out on ‘unscrupulous’ US after crackdown on Huawei He told One America News: "People should be judged on their actions, and not by trial by fire through the media, which is what I've experienced for the last couple of weeks. "I've made my sincere apology multiple times. I earlier said that I thoroughly apologize for lying about my education and embellishing the resume made that very, very clear. "I don't know what more can be said by others in a meeting. Is there anything more humbling and humiliating than admitting that on national television?" Santos has been under increasing pressure since the New York Times reported inconsistencies with his resume and biography claims after being unable to verify the information. DON'T MISSUS tipped to suffer major losses in open conflict with China [REVEALED]Tyre Nichols was talented amateur skateboarder, friends' videos show [INSIGHT]Father of three ‘strangled’ kids begs for wife’s forgiveness [SPOTLIGHT] Is there anything more humbling and humiliating than admitting that on national television?  The New York congressman is facing multiple investigations over his personal and campaign finances. During his OAN interview, he claimed having grown up poor and having a minority background had contributed to higher scrutiny as his political career would "disrupt the system." He added: "I come from a humble beginning. I've always said that I grew up in abject poverty in Jackson Heights in Queens, New York City. People like me, aren't supposed to do big things in life. And when we do it disrupts the system. "And I know that a lot of people want to create this narrative that I faked my way to Congress, which is absolutely categorically false. "I've worked hard, like built ground up a career, through experience and through knowledge and through self-education." In addition to lying about his grandparents' background, Santos also claimed his mother Fatima Devolder had been involved in the 9/11 attacks on New York as she worked in the South Tower at the time. But immigration records seen by NBC last month showed Devolder applied for a visa to enter the US in 2003 claiming not to have been in the country since 1999.