Folarin Balogun could be shown the door at Arsenal, with American billionaire owner Stan Kroenke reportedly naming his price for the sought-after forward. Following a number of impressive displays on loan at Reims, the 21-year-old has become the joint Ligue 1 top scorer alongside Kylian Mbappe and Jonathan David with 15 goals. Balogun is now a wanted man ahead of the summer transfer window, casting some doubt over his Arsenal future. With Balogun proving he has what it takes to contribute at senior level, he will likely want a guarantee of regular game time at the Emirates, which could prove difficult. It is something, however, the likes of AC Milan, Inter, Villarreal and Marseille can offer. They are just some of the clubs reportedly showing an interest in Balogun, with Arsenal setting a £35m ($42m) valuation, according to pianetamilan.it.  Prior to his switch to France, Balogun struggled to stamp down a place in the Gunners first team and endured a tough loan spell at Middlesbrough last season, scoring just three goals in 21 appearances. Ready for a new challenge, Balogun previously spoke about the advice he had received from Emile Smith Rowe and Bukayo Saka before emphasising his desire to improve. He said: "I speak to Emile and Bukayo a lot. They tell me to be patient. They tell me it is not an overnight thing, which it hasn't been for them. It would be naive for me to think that. "You just have to keep practicing, then you see the rewards and when you are ready you will take the opportunity. I know I am not at the level I want to be, but I know the performances I am putting in. I know I am going in the right direction." Speaking to the press a couple of weeks ago, Gunners boss Mikel Arteta expressed his delight over Balogun's progress and confirmed that a decision over his future would be made at the end of the season. The Spaniard affirmed: "He's got something special. That's why we gave him a long-term contract and have faith in him, and give him the long period that he's having now, because the period he's having now is different to the one before at Middlesbrough. "The plan is that he finishes his period there, assess the situation where he is, where we are, then sit down and plan the next chapter in his developing career." A decision on his international allegiance could also be made in the next year, and his eye-catching performances in France could see a strong push from Gareth Southgate's England. However, according to some, the USMNT and Nigeria could offer more playing time and room to build a legacy, even if they haven't performed as well in recent international tournaments. Although Balogun is remaining coy for now, US fans are doing everything they can to convince the New York born star to choose the USMNT over anyone else. Several comments under his latest posts on Twitter include emojis of the United States flag, as well as pleas for him to make the switch back to his home country ahead of the 2026 World Cup.