Maximising storage has lots of different benefits, and can help to prevent clutter on the worktops as well as provide lots of cupboard space for food. Generally, if a kitchen is nice and tidy, residents will feel more relaxed too. Looeeze Grossman, founder of The Used Kitchen Company, has shared various different ways homeowners can optimise their space. The expert explained: “If you’re trying to save space in your cupboards there’s nothing worse than trying to fit your food containers and their lids into the same space. They’re different sizes and shapes, they usually can’t stack, and the lids always end up falling down the back of the cupboard or being lost. “While it might seem logical to store the pot and its lid together, this actually uses up much more space. “There are tons of great lid storage devices for sale now, from lazy Susan-style rotating ones which spin so you can see from all sides to optimising a magazine storage box. “By storing your lids separately you’ll easily be able to see what you have and then grab the base from the cupboard, and don’t forget to use the cupboard door as a storage area itself. READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ sock stains with ‘effective’ natural stain remover “By fitting a lid storage box to the back of the cupboard drawer you’ll save a huge amount of space and you’ll easily be able to grab the lid when you need it.” Many people will use cupboards to store pots and pans, saving drawers for other essential kitchen items. However, not only does this take up lots of room, it also means lifting everything out to reach the pan at the bottom. By using drawers instead, Britons can easily see what is inside. The kitchen expert said: “Stack saucepans in size order and then slot the lids in down the side or place them upside down on top of the saucepan. “The whole drawer can be full without any wasted space leaving your cupboards free for jars and bottles.” DON'T MISS:Four houseplants ‘most effective’ at removing mould from your home [COMMENT]'Basic tips' to keep cut flowers 'fresher for longer' [EXPERT]Interior choices to ‘avoid’ in your home this year [EXPLAINER] The majority of people have more crockery than they realistically need. Homeowners should store their items in order of what they use the most. Looeeze added: “We also have the tendency to stack everything up, meaning you have to constantly lift the whole stack down just for one plate. “This can increase the risk of chips and also broken plates. It also means reaching up which isn’t great for your back and neck, especially if you’re getting down plates for the whole family. “Where possible, use drawers and avoid stacking. Having separate piles for your plates will make life easier. It also means you’ll actually fit more in as drawers tend to be shallower. READ MORE: Method to ‘instantly’ kill driveway and patio weeds for good Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Don’t forget to put the things you use every day together and consider another space for those items that come out once a year.” If you have a spare top shelf in your pantry or kitchen space, consider placing these items there so they are out of the way. To truly make more space, it is best to start with a simple declutter to see if there is anything that can be donated or binned. The kitchen expert said: “Do you really need 10 tea towels? Will you really use all those different cleaning sprays, or will one multipurpose spray work? “Can you buy refill pouches rather than constantly buying more plastic? Go through what you need and donate what you don’t. Then condense down your space so you’re not tempted to fill it again.” If Britons have a bread maker which only comes out at Christmas or an ice cream machine which only makes an appearance in the summer, then they are probably best placed out of the kitchen. Small appliances take up a large amount of room and if they’re not being used, that space could probably be used better. The pro added: “While they are kitchen appliances, that doesn’t mean they have to live there. By moving unused items into the garage or cupboard under the stairs you’ll free up lots of space for the items you use every day.”