Heartbroken relatives have held a vigil for Alice Stones, who was killed when she was mauled by her family's dog on Tuesday. Reports have named the four-year-old victim today after she died following the attack at a property in Milton Keynes on January 31. Officers attended the scene in the back garden of her family home in Broadlands around 5pm, and Alice died shortly after. Her grieving family and local community held a vigil in her memory tonight. Donna Fuller, a ward councillor for Woughton Community Council, said the local community was “tight-knit” and profoundly impacted by the “awful situation”. She shared details of tonight's vigil at Grand Union Vineyard Church, where people can gather from tonight onwards to remember Alice. Ms Fuller said the vigil would "enable the community to come together and draw strength from each other". "It will send a strong message to the family that we are thinking of them.” Pictures from the vigil show people gathered at the church this evening, with around 100 mourners in attendance holding candles. Church leaders said prayers for the family, with music played as attendees reflected on the neighbourhood loss. Amazing Grace and Over The Rainbow were heard played over speakers mounted in a green space outside the church. Speaking from the vigil, Ms Fuller asked people to be "supportive" and "kind" as Alice's family recovers. She said: “This family will need the time and space to allow them to process this tragic event and I hope that we can do that and help them in the future. “I would ask that we support each other. There is a feeling of deep sadness that we will feel as a community so I ask you to be neighbourly and I ask you to be supportive and most of all I ask you to be kind.” Alice was pronounced dead on the scene in Netherfield after neighbours heard her mother's screams for help, with 10 police cars and three ambulances having raced to the location. Thames Valley Police said investigators are working to determine the breed of the dog, which has now been put down and have made no arrests. The end-of-terrace home remained taped off on Wednesday, with a forensic tent by the back garden and a uniformed officer and marked police van at the front of the property. Giving an update, Superintendent Marc Tarbit said: "The child's family are being supported by specially trained officers and we'd ask that their privacy is respected. "An investigation is currently underway to fully understand the circumstances but we currently believe that this was a tragic, isolated incident and there is no threat to the wider community. "Accordingly, no arrests have been made at this time. I can confirm that the dog was a family pet and was put down by police on the scene yesterday evening." Devastated locals have spoken about the four-year-old following her tragic death. Rita Matthews, the family's neighbour, said she often saw Alice during the school run. She told Sky News she was "always holding her mummy's hand" as she returned home. Ms Matthews added: "It's so sad we're not going to see the girl again, and I pray all the best to her mum to get her strength back."