Armed police were forced to gun down a dog after it mauled a four-year-old to death on Tuesday. Police evacuated locals in Milton Keynes, Bucks, so they could corner the beast after it attacked young Alice Stones. Police arrived at the scene shortly after 5pm after reports she was bitten in the back garden of the home. Tragically the youngster was pronounced dead at a property on Broadlands, in the Netherfield area of the town. Police evacuated neighbours due to fears the dog could escape following the savage attack. Residents were warned they may hear a gunshot. One neighbour told The Sun: “We heard desperate screams last night. I heard ‘she’s dead! She’s dead!' It sounded like [her mum] Louise shouting. They were piercing screams. “They’ll stay with me forever. It was a nightmare. I’m heartbroken. They will haunt me. It’s horrendous. Alice goes to school with my children. It’s so upsetting. The police rushed here very quickly. I could not believe it. There is a dog there, it’s a big brown dog. I’ve only seen it at the house.”   It is believed the dog was cornered by armed cops and was gunned down. Thames Valley Police has said no arrests have been made as they investigate the attack. Alice's heartbroken grandfather, who lives less than a mile down the road, today paid tribute to the little girl. He said: “We’re just trying to come to terms with what has happened. It’s horrendous.” Another local said: “It’s an absolute tragedy. Alice was so sweet. She was an angel. I’m heartbroken. She and her mum were very close. I feel so sorry for them. It’s devastating. My heart goes out to her family. There were never any problems involving dogs. It’s so shocking.”  Locals left flowers outside the house this morning, while others described Alice's mother's "desperate screams" as her child was killed by the animal, which neighbours claimed the family bought about six weeks ago. "I heard 'She's dead! She's dead!' a neighbour claimed. 'They'll stay with me forever. It was a nightmare. I'm heartbroken. They will haunt me", reports MailOnline. Police say no one else was hurt and the girl's family is being supported by specially trained officers. Officers remain on scene today as their investigation into the incident continues. A neighbour whose children go to school with Alice told The Sun that residents were instructed by police to stay inside in case the dog were to escape. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan warned 'thousands' will boo them at King's Coronation The neighbour described the animal as a "big brown dog" that the family seemingly got as a met a few weeks back. The resident said they have 'only seen it at the house.' "Those of us who live in Broadlands been told not to leave our homes," a resident told The MK Citizen last night. The householder described seeing 'so many police and blue lights about' the neighbourhood, claiming it was "really worrying." Thames Valley Police Superintendent Matt Bullivant said last night: "This is an absolutely tragic incident in which we believe that a child has been killed after being attacked by a dog. Clearly we are in the very early stages of an investigation, and it would be wrong and unhelpful to speculate as to the exact circumstances of this incident at this point. DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes 'can't stand it' as GB News host apologises for habit [COMMENT]Sarah Ferguson shares photo from trip with Beatrice and Eugenie [PICTURES]Once in a lifetime green comet visible for first time in 500,000 years [INSIGHT]   "However, in order to ensure public safety, a decision was made earlier this evening to destroy the dog involved, and this has been done humanely. "I understand how much of an impact this will have on the community and on the wider public, and people can expect to see a large police presence in the area this evening and beyond while our investigation continues. "I would like to reassure people that there is no reason to believe there is any danger to the wider public at this time. Anyone with concerns should feel free to approach our officers and ask questions, but I urge people not to speculate about the circumstances, especially on social media platforms. "I also understand that this case is likely to attract attention from the media. With this in mind I would like to ask that the privacy of the family involved is respected at this very difficult time. It is impossible to imagine what they must be going through at the moment.' 