Hatayspor’s Taner Savut has been found dead after a two-week search for him. The sporting director was trapped under the rubble of a building after two earthquakes hit Turkey. The news of Savut’s passing comes just a week after Christian Atsu’s body was recovered from the rubble, with Hatayspor left broken by the news. The Turkish side issued a statement that read: “Our condolences. We are deeply saddened by the loss of our sporting director Taner Savut. “May the Almighty have mercy on our teacher, our condolences to his family and fans. We will not forget you, Taner. May you rest in heaven. You are always in our hearts.” The Turkish Football Federation (TFF) sent their condolences, writing: “It is with deep sadness that we learned that Atakaş Hatayspor's Sporting Director Taner Savut lost his life in the earthquake disaster. May God have mercy on Taner Savut; Our condolences to his grieving family, relatives and Hatayspor community.” Savut began his career as a player, coming through the ranks at boyhood club Izmirspor before making the move to Fenerbahce. The right-back made 23 appearances for the European giants before he was sold to Goztepe, where he spent one year before moving out of the Turkish top flight. He became sporting director of Hatayspor last year following a successful stint in the role at Manisa, quickly becoming a key figure at the club. Over 47,000 people have died as a result of the two earthquakes in Turkey, with buildings collapsing during the natural disasters. Atsu and Savut were found within close proximity of one another near the Renaissance Residence. Tributes poured in for former Ghana international Atsu after news of his passing broke, with former clubs all sending their condolences to the family of the 31-year-old. The forward spent a significant chunk of his career at Chelsea after being purchased from Porto in 2013, though he never made a competitive appearance for the club in the four years he spent at Stamford Bridge – instead spending that time out on loan at Vitesse, Everton, Bournemouth and Malaga before joining Newcastle on a loan-to-buy deal. Eddie Howe spoke of how he referenced the forward ahead of the Magpies’ match against Liverpool over the weekend, saying: “It's a real tragedy for Christian and his family. I woke up to the news and I was truly devastated. A lot of players in our dressing room played with him - I made reference to that in my pre-match chat with the players."