Meghan Markle, 41, is tipped to put her life story into her own words detailing the life of a Suits actress marrying Prince Harry, 38. It has been reported the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are co-authoring a wellness book to be published, on top of Meghan's 2021 kids book called Bench, with Prince Harry's book, Spare, becoming the fastest selling non-fiction book of all time. James Haskell, 37, made an appearance on The Jeremy Vine show where he was quizzed about the Sussexes as talk turned to books. The rugby legend opened up about his latest release, Approach Without Caution: The 5-Step Plan to Take Control of Your Life, a self-help guide to help people take control of their lives. Jeremy Vine swiftly read through the headlines during yesterday's show (January 31) where he quizzed James about the royal couple. Jeremy: "We're all talking about Harry and Spare. Do you think Meghan should write a book now?" READ MORE: Ricky Gervais left taken aback by Rylan Clark's appearance James, who married Chloe Madeley in 2018, said Meghan was very much entitled to write her own memoir but he was not sure of the timing. He replied: "If Meghan wants to write a book she is entitled to write a book. I don't necessarily feel she needs to at this point of time." Jeremy added: "It might be nice to read Meghan's account." Panellist Ann Widdecombe interjected: "It might be nice for you. I have not bought Spare. I flagged an 'X' on it when I was in Waterstones."  She added: "I won't be buying anything that Meghan writes either." A Hollywood agent previously told The Mail on Sunday: “I would find it surprising if Meghan didn't publish her own story, to be honest. Spare is clearly Prince Harry's chance to tell his, but hers is equally compelling. I mean, how many actresses end up marrying a Prince?” They added: “If she's harbouring political ambitions it would make even more sense.” Meanwhile, another source told the publication that Meghan is: “contemplating getting entirely candid about her time in the Royal limelight… and leaving no stone unturned.” DON'T MISS... Gordon Ramsay makes major bid for Strictly role[LATEST]Michael Caine's daughter banned from driving despite being his carer[NEWS]Eamonn Holmes admits Charles 'doesn't trust me' over kiss with Camilla[ROYALS] The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s Netflix docuseries ‘Harry and Meghan’ was released in December. The Duchess’ last public appearance was in New York when she and Harry accepted the Ripple of Hope award for their battle against structural racism. Meghan has maintained a low-profile following the release of Harry's book. It has been claimed by HELLO! that the Duchess has chosen to focus on her two children, Archie and Lilibet. Public attention has now turned to King Charles' coronation with many wondering if Harry and Meghan will be in attendance. The pair have reportedly been invited by the Palace but it is uncertain if they will accept the invitation. During his candid interview with ITV's Tom Bradby, Harry admitted he did not know if he and his wife would attend the historic occasion. He said: “There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But the door is always open. The ball is in their court.”  