Manchester United are set to start Victor Lindelof and Anthony Elanga against Leicester today, it has been claimed. Erik ten Hag’s side go into the game looking to boost their chances of winning the Premier League title. They currently sit eight points behind Arsenal at the summit, with Manchester City occupying second. Manchester United have been resurgent under Ten Hag this season and, on Sunday, go up against a Leicester team on a fine run of their own. And Stretty News claim Elanga and Lindelof are set to start for the Red Devils when they go up against Brendan Rodgers’ side. The decisions can both be seen as risks, with the duo not usually regulars in the side. It’s unclear who Elanga will play ahead of but the Sweden international has struggled for starting opportunities this term. Lindelof, meanwhile, could feasibly come in for Raphael Varane. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford United left Varane out of the team who beat Leeds 2-0 last weekend, with Marcus Rashford and Alejandro Garnacho both on target that afternoon. The 2018 World Cup winner has endured his fair share of injury issues since moving from Real Madrid 18 months ago. And with United due to face Barcelona on Thursday, it’s possible the France international will be given the afternoon off. Lindelof may be partnered up with Lisandro Martinez, who is available again. The Argentina international was absent for the 2-2 draw with Barcelona earlier in the week, having picked up a suspension. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit But Martinez, along with Marcel Sabitzer, is now available for the Red Devils to call on again. And Ten Hag, speaking to club media before the game, admitted he was happy to have the ‘important’ duo at his disposal. “You don’t want to miss them in the squad, in Barcelona,” said the 53-year-old. “They are important players for our team. They are back in the squad, which is good. “That will strengthen the squad, so we will have a good team on Sunday.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The fixtures are coming thick and fast for United as they compete for a quadruple. And Ten Hag has admitted he relishes weeks like this, saying: “Yes. Everyone wants to have this experience, to play many games. “Players prefer to play games to training, so they like it every time again. “But, of course, there are demands and demands to get ready for every game and it costs a lot of energy, but it’s what we are paid for. “This is our job, we will do that and, first of all, when we start to play football, you want to play big games and we are in the position to play big games. That must give energy.” Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers, meanwhile, is glad he won’t have to face the suspended Casemiro. “I look at Manchester United and see the introduction of new players, if you think of (Christian) Eriksen, (Lisandro) Martinez, really outstanding players,” he said. “In Casemiro, they have a real world-class player. He’s that comforting player for them. “He’s got the experience, he’s got the quality, he’s got everything, he’s always calm, how he plays is at a high level. Thankfully for us, he’s not playing, he’s suspended. He’s given them a real stabilising effect. “Erik (ten Hag) and his coaching team, they’ve given them good organisation. Then they have a collective group of outstanding players. “They have done very well and are up there competing and played a good game last night [against Barcelona]. “I think their record at home shows they’re a difficult team to play against.” 