Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has held his pre-match press conference ahead of Thursday night’s blockbuster Europa League clash with Barcelona. The Red Devils go into the game with the tie in the balance following a 2-2 draw at the Nou Camp last week. And victory at Old Trafford would certainly represent a statement of intent as they look to make the last 16 of European football’s second-tier club competition. United have been forced to make do without Harry Maguire and Antony in recent matches. But Ten Hag has now confirmed the duo could be involved against Barcelona as the Red Devils continue to compete on all four fronts. "We still have training to do,” he said. "I expect to have Maguire and Antony back. Anthony Martial is not available. He is back on the pitch, we wait for team training." Ten Hag was impressed with the way United performed during the first leg against Barcelona, even if they were unable to claim all three points. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford "I think the first game against Barcelona was a very good game,” continued the 53-year-old. “Top level, two offensive teams who want to press high on the pitch. The level was good, it was a good result for us. “We could have scored more goals, but we played with character and personality on the pitch. "We want to play with patience, discipline, patience on the pitch. We are ready for that challenge." DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Ten Hag also made it clear he was always expecting for United to have ‘big games and matches’ so early into his reign. And that seems to speak volumes about the positive mood in the camp at the current moment in time. "Definitely. We all want to play big games, big matches,” stated the Dutchman. “When we were young, we dreamed of it. "We are really enjoying it, we are really looking forward and enjoy it. We have to give our best." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here On Tuesday night, Ten Hag enjoyed the company of Sir Alex Ferguson. The pair sat down for dinner together and, while the Dutchman was reluctant to delve into specific details, he did confirm Ferguson was still a huge supporter. “It is massive (to have his support),” he said. “I enjoy to speak with people with massive knowledge and experience it. "He wants to share it, he wants to help and support. Manchester United is his club and he feels so committed. "He wants us to be doing well. It was a great night." Barcelona are set to be without Gavi and Pedri for the match. And Raphael Varane discussed the missing pair by saying: "I don't know what Xavi is thinking. Obviously, Gavi and Pedri, great players. “Their squad is so much depth, that they have players who can replace them and tomorrow it will be a very good team. "If we want to win, we have to be at our best." He added: "Obviously they are important absences. But Barcelona have a big squad. We have to be prepared to compete. They can bring players in who can come in. We have to play the same, or even better to qualify."