The migrant backlog for claimants waiting to find out whether they can stay in Britain has reached a new record figure of 150,000, as Home Office, data set to be published on Thursday, suggests the backlog has climbed by 50,000 in the last year. The Telegraph reports that as a result of the backlog, taxpayers face a £2.1billion bill in order to adequately house those that have crossed over from France into the UK.  Data from the Home Office, which is due out 23 Feb, is to show that the asylum-seeker backlog has risen by 50,000 in the last year. In the year ending December 2021, the figure was 100,564.  Not since Tony Blair was in power has Britain had such a lengthy list of asylum applications with the figure reaching 125,100 in 1999. Chair of Migration Watch UK, Alp Mehmet, told the Telegraph : “The ballooning of the backlog is inevitable. With the rate of illegal Channel crossings already greater than it was in 2022 and the level of returns minimal, the numbers crossing will go on increasing. “The only solution is to stop the illegal influx. What the Government must not do is reduce the backlog by effectively declaring an amnesty in all but name. That would prove disastrous.” READ MORE: Starmer shows true colours in scathing attack on Boris Johnson  The outspoken MP for Ashfield, who was given the post by Prime Minister Rishi Sunak during his recent reshuffle, accused the northern France-based organisations of “fuelling” migrants’ desire to cross the English Channel in small boats. He told The Telegraph: “You’ve got the people smugglers, you’ve got the camps, the charities at the camps. “You’ve then got, when you get to England, the hotels, the lefty lawyers – it is one big multimillion-pound industry.”   Mr Anderson claimed that on a recent trip to Calais with the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee, he saw “hundreds of young men” being helped by workers at the British Care4Calais charity, according to the newspaper. He believed the migrants were “encouraged” to make the dangerous crossing by being taught English by the volunteers. “They weren’t fleeing any war or persecution, they told us that they wanted to come for a better life in the UK,” Mr Anderson told the paper. Regarding, the record asylum backlog, a Home Office spokesman said: “The Government is taking immediate action to bring the asylum backlog down and has set out new plans to clear the initial asylum decision backlog of legacy cases by the end of this year. “We have doubled the number of asylum caseworkers to more than 1,000 and we will double it again while rolling out a successful pilot scheme nationwide to boost the number of claims processed.”  