Sam Carver (played by Jake Lockett) has only been with the Chicago Fire Department for a short time, but viewers have already become invested in his gripping storylines in the 11th season of the hit NBC drama. With the series coming back from a month-long hiatus next week, could fans start learning a little more about the new recruit’s personal life? Chicago Fire’s showrunner Andrea Newman has teased an exciting romantic storyline for Carver coming up. Lockett is a relatively new addition to the cast, having just been introduced at the start of the current season. After appearing in just 12 episodes of the show so far, very little is known about his life outside of the Fire Department. However, he does appear to be single, and Newman has assured viewers there’s still plenty to look forward to. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series One fan asked her: “Will Chicago Fire‘s Carver ever have a love life?” To which she confirmed in TV Line: “Carver will definitely have upcoming love interests, including one who is a very familiar face at 51. She then teased: “This, of course, will cause all kinds of intrigue at the firehouse.” Apparently Carver will be dating someone who is either a part of the team or already known to the other firefighters. As ever with the One Chicago franchise, dating won’t be easy and could even ruffle some feathers amongst the team. So far, fans have seen Carver getting closer to Stella Kidd (Miranda Rae Mayo), though she has just gotten married to Kelly Severide (Taylor Kinney). Chicago Fire has never been averse to throwing more drama into the mix, however, so this could be the start of a shocking affair storyline for the series. In episode nine, Stella even saved Carver’s life when she took the full force of an explosion. DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Brianna star ‘knocked wind’ out of Caitriona Balfe [INSIGHT]Big Bang Theory’s Mayim Bialik sparks uproar with Jeopardy return [BACKLASH]Lockwood and Co boss shares season 2 cast wishlist [EXCLUSIVE] Carver confided in his colleague about his scar in the next episode, so it’s safe to say they’ll be getting even closer as the series goes on. However, showrunner Newman has confirmed the new recruit will have multiple love interests over the course of his Chicago Fire stint. Perhaps an affair could blossom between him and Stella, before they realise they’ve made a mistake and put an end to it. Newman’s comment his love interest will be a “familiar face” certainly supports the theory, though there are still plenty of options for romance which wouldn’t potentially threaten a marriage. Viewers could expect to see a lot more of Carver in the coming episodes, as series lead Kinney is set to take a leave of absence from the show. TVLine confirmed the TV star is taking a break to deal with a personal matter, and further details are not currently known. His surprise departure has reportedly led to hasty script rewrites, so the supporting cast could be getting a lot more screen time in the rest of season 11. Chicago Fire season 11 returns Wednesday, February 15 on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.