Jake Paul has branded Tommy Fury an ‘unprofessional swine’ for not turning up to the launch press conference for their upcoming grudge match. While filming a promotional video, The Problem Child cut the cameras and delivered an angry message to his fierce rival. Paul and Fury will finally square off on February 26 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia after nearly three years of waiting. Initial fight dates in December 2021 and August 2022 failed to come to fruition but fans are hoping that both fighters make it to the ring for the third time of asking. But those hopes turned into fears when Paul disclosed that Fury would not be attending their kick-off press event this week. “Tommy Fury is scared,” he tweeted last Friday. “Told my team he can’t make the kick-off press conference next week in Saudi Arabia because he needs more time to train. Thought you said you wouldn’t even have to train to fight me? You and your papa scared.” Capping the tweet off with “#MikePerry” in reference to the UFC veteran who is on standby for the fight. Clearly enraged by Fury’s no-show, Paul, who is currently over in the Middle East carrying out his promotional duties, directed a scathing rant at the Brit. In a video uploaded to his Instagram story, Paul can be seen selling the fight to a group of assembled cameramen before faking a back injury sustained ‘from carrying the fight’. “My back just hurts so much from carrying the promotion, where are you at Tommy?” shouted Paul. “We’re out here hustling, selling the fight, you unprofessional swine!” Given their messy history, many supporters worry that the bout will collapse for a third time at the eleventh hour. But Fury has assured fans he will be there on fight night and is anticipating a demolition job. MORE BOXING NEWS... Tyson Fury already has next bout after Usyk clash pencilled in Fury makes chilling 'ambulance' comment in scary warning to Paul Joshua 'wasting people's time' as Jermaine Franklin backlash rages on "I say to those people they need to wake up. Don't worry. I'll be in Saudi Arabia ready for February 26th,” he told TMZ. “I'm ready to go now. I can't wait to get on this plane and get over there. "I'm going to hurt this man seriously come February 26th and if he is banking on me for not showing, well if that's where he is getting his confidence from, then he needs to think again cause I'll be there and I'll be right in his face come fight night." "I see me putting him away early, the way I'm punching in the gym, what I'm doing to people in the gym," Fury added