Tindall took part in last year's series of the hit ITV reality show, narrowly missing out on a place in the final. Former health secretary Matt Hancock was also among the famous faces in the I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here series, which came as a controversial move, sparking a huge backlash and complaints. Since the programme ended in December, rumours about the contestants' WhatsApp group have been rife. Now, Tindall has finally weighed in to reveal the truth. The group chat was set up after the show so the team could stay in touch with each other after their shared experience in the Australian jungle. It has since been speculated that Hancock left the chat after arguing with the others in the group. However, the truth is finally out and Tindall has explained there were no arguments following the show. He labelled the WhatsApp rumours as a "miscommunication" and said nobody had left the app chat. READ MORE: BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up He explained: "I think there's been a miscommunication with that, no one has left the WhatsApp group. 'I'm actually seeing Sue [Cleaver] tomorrow, and I've seen Sue a few times and spoken to Baba [Aleshe] and pretty much spoken to everyone." Speaking to The Sun, he added: "Well, we try to but it's not easy. You always have these grand plans when you're in the jungle but you come back and remember what life was before." He also told the Daily Mail: "I haven't crossed swords with Matt, no. "But he walks a very different path, at the Nordoff Robbins Legends of Rugby dinner, at the Grosvenor House Hotel in Mayfair." Tindall was a well-liked member of the I'm A Celebrity group and had the added pressure of constantly being asked about life behind-the-scenes in the Royal Family. His campmates bombarded him with questions about what it's like to be a royal. During one instalment, actor Owen Warner couldn't help but dig for details. DON'T MISS... Happy Valley star resisted auditioning for 'terrifying' role [LATEST]Kate Garraway slammed as she defends Tom Jones' Delilah [VIDEO]Susanna Reid 'confronted' GMB producers over mistakes [LATEST] "Have you been to Buckingham Palace much?" he asked as the two sat by the fire. More than most," Tindall replied, to which Warner went on: "What’s it like there?" "A lot of it’s all the staterooms and there’s only a little bit of living," Tindall answered. Warner then asked if Tindall had stayed at the palace, which he confirmed. "In the morning, could you go down in your joggers and t-shirt, or did you have to get dressed up again?" the Hollyoaks star inquired. "No, jeans and a tee," Tindall replied to a surprised Warner, who admitted: "I thought you had to be suited and booted!" After a quick pause, Warner checked: "Do you mind chatting about it?" "No, I don’t mind," Tindall smiled, and Warner wasted no time in finding out more. It seems the WhatsApp group is still up and running, though it hasn't been clarified whether Hancock ever was involved or not.