You can almost see the mud-splashed morning suits and horrified sherry-clutching aunties as brawny relatives and their drunken molls square up over curling butties on the running buffet. Okay, well maybe not as bad as that. But certainly, the optics so far suggest that what should be a glorious celebration could turn into a huge embarrassment. Not because of the pomp and ceremony. As the funeral of our late, beloved Queen telegraphed to the world, we're ace at doing precision timing and eye-popping pageantry. (So long as Charles doesn't go for the no-frills option. More of that later) Rather, the humiliation is likely to sprout from the key players in this bumbling vaudeville show. All of which will give salivating anti-monarchists and habitual Brit-trashers plenty of material to jeer about. First, what of Meghan and Harry? Will they be invited? Even if they come, will they be booed as they rock up at the Abbey? How will it be for Kate and William? I mean would you watch the ceremony when the far juicier option involves studying the unspoken hostility between the two warring brothers and their aggrieved wives? Frankly, the will they/won`t they sideshow could easily eclipse this historic event And that`s before we discuss Andrew. The King has already made it clear there is no way back to public life for his brother.  If he wants to do charitable work - which in my view he should - that will be up to him. Yet he refuses to go quietly - with rumours circulating that Andrew is mounting an effort to get his settlement with Jeffrey Epstein victim Virginia Giuffre overturned Meanwhile, a "well-meaning" interview with jailed Ghislaine Maxwell exposes the shamed prince to more ridicule – maintaining the disgraced royal couldn't have had bath sex with Virginia Giuffre because the tub was too small (the centre of Ms Giuffre's claims was a bathroom - specifically the bathtub - in Maxwell's mews house in London's Belgravia where she alleges she had sex with Prince Andrew .) It doesn't take a leap of the imagination to anticipate a barrage of bath sponges and plastic ducks being lobbed Andrew's way when he climbs the steps of Westminster Abbey. Hopefully, the lost heir will stay home and wash his hair. Even the Archbishop of Canterbury isn't happy. Allegedly miffed by Meghan's claims that he married the Duke and Duchess of Sussex secret in 2018, this could put paid to his role as peacemaker, brokering a deal between warring brothers.  All of which means that rather than focusing on the King we`ll be scrutinising the players in this regrettable dog and pony show. There is also the risk that the Coronation could be a bit of a pound shop "do" too. Charles is said to favour a shorter, smaller, less expensive ceremony. A noble idea but shouldn't we get an upgrade for the occasion? As I wrote previously on Express.co.uk coming out of what is proving to be a dour and at times desperate winter, the splendour of the Coronation could give us pause to revel in something singular, beautiful and of course, deeply historic. Anyway, Prince Charles waited more than 70 years to fulfil the job that he was born to do. Can`t we let the lad have his baubles and a nosegay – even if he doesn`t want them. I sincerely hope the Coronation doesn't descend into a national embarrassment. For the King, for the Royal family, for the British people, for the Commonwealth. And for the memory of our dear departed Queen whose wisdom and sense of stability is missed – and needed - more than ever. Just won`t be holding my breath. 