The Silent Witness finale aired in two-parts titled Southbay, which saw Jack (played by David Caves) come to the aid of an old friend. Jack's kind nature ultimately got him sucked into a difficult case, with a police officer being the main suspect. However, some fans became distracted in the final scenes as they spotted an injury blunder. During the scene in question, Bridget Laing (Sarah Woodward) and Kate Freeman (Leo Hatton) walked into the former's house after hosting a small party. Trying to keep the conversation light, Bridget said: "It all went! I normally make too much! Do you think Mike's OK?" Kate simply replied: "Yeah. I mean under the circumstances. Why?" Looking concerned, Bridget answered: "Just him shooting off like that," before walking back out into the garden. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit Kate peered down at Bridget's phone to see she had 13 missed calls from Mike Laing (Luke Allen-Gale) before finally answering the next call. He asked: "Is Kate still there? You've got to keep her there!" to which Kate replied: "I'm still here, Mike." Knowing he had informed Kate that he knows about the fact she murdered his sister, his face dropped into concern. Still, on the phone, she asked: "What's the matter?" however, Mike quickly hung up the phone. As the house phone rang, Bridget briskly walked over to answer it however was hit over the head by Kate using a casserole dish. She fell back and groaned, before asking: "Why?" to which Kate replied: "Funny you should ask because in so many ways you were to blame." In a flashback scene, Kate could be seen arguing with Carol Laing (Melissa Batchelor) about whether Mike wanted out of his police uniform and his devotion to their relationship. Being wound up by Carol informing her that what Mike had been promising her was a lie, she angrily whacked her over the head with a gym weight. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will [WATCH]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise double exit as fans 'work out' how Neville leaves [LATEST] Back in real time, Kate continued to try and attack Bridget, however as a trained police officer she managed to restrain and arrest her. She expressed: "Kate Freeman I am arresting you on suspicion of the murder of Carol Laing in Southby, Essex." Mike soon turned up at the house and saw Kate in handcuffs, being put into the car by Bridget, before being taken into custody. However, fans had an issue with the violent scenes, with many taking to their Twitter accounts to express their concerns. @DebbieBlackma14 quipped: "I don't know she could drive (or see) with that head injury #SilentWitness." @NewGru2 commented: "Erm. Copper takes a blow to the head from the casserole dish. Captures the assailant and then drives her to the police station. #SilentWitness. Taking the viewers for m**s. Ridiculous. Come on." @ifeelflames said: "Don’t think you should be driving with that head injury tbh! #SilentWitness." @JillHudson21 exclaimed: "Blimey! Her head must be made out of concrete!! #SilentWitness." @KevGeo2011 stated: "Nice heavy dish #SilentWitness." @maggiecooper12 expressed: "Knew she was going to bash her over the head with that bowl #SilentWitness." (sic) Silent Witness is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.