A press conference updating people on the police investigation into the disappearance of Nicola Bulley will be held this morning - 19 days after the mum-of-two vanished. Lancashire Police are holding the event as they seek to deal with disinformation about the 45-year-old's disappearance. Assistant Chief Constable Peter Lawson along with the Senior Investigating Officer Detective Supt Rebecca Smith, of Lancashire Constabulary, will take questions from invited members of the media. The force is also expected to address speculation about what might have happened to Ms Bulley in the near three weeks since she was last seen. Speaking at a previous press conference on February 3, police said the "main working hypothesis" was that the mortgage adviser fell in the River Wyre during a “10-minute window” between 9.10am and 9.20am on January 27, the day she vanished. The force said her disappearance was not being treated as suspicious. She was walking her springer spaniel Willow in the village of St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire, at the time of her disappearance reports Manchester Evening News. Ms Bulley, who had just dropped her two daughters – aged six and nine – off at school, has still not been found and detectives extended the search for her to the sea on February 3. The woman’s friends and neighbours, including her next-door neighbour and friend Charlotte Drake, continue to flock to a bridge over the Wyre to lay yellow ribbons with messages which say they still hope she will be found safe and well. A private investigator last night said Ms Bulley could still be alive as the search for the missing mum approaches its third week. The PI, who has years of experience with missing persons cases, described Ms Bulley's case as baffling. The private investigator, who is part of a team at Insight Investigations, told Express.co.uk: "It's extremely mysterious. To be honest I'm baffled by it. "I've done missing persons enquiries before, but I'm baffled by this one - the fact that she has vanished without trace." He continued: "I think there's a chance she may be alive, going by the lack of evidence that's been found." 