Single parents on the benefit are struggling to afford childcare costs and are being dissuaded from getting back into work as a result, a think tank has warned. People on Universal Credit can currently claim up to 85 percent of their childcare costs back, up to £646.35 a month for one child and up to £1,108.04 for two or more children. Eve Redmond, from thinktank Bright Blue, warned Universal Credit is failing to cover the “exorbitant costs” of childcare faced by single parent claimants, the vast majority of whom are single mothers. She wrote in a piece for City A.M.: “Inadequate and inaccessible childcare for this group is pushing down employment and working hours.” She warned the 85 percent figure is set at 2005 price levels and so has not kept pace with rising prices for childcare since then. Britons face rising costs for many everyday needs and essential services, with the rate of inflation peaking at just over 11 percent last year, and the rate currently at 10.1 percent. READ MORE: Santander customer shocked by 'realistic' scam where scammers had his card details  Ms Redmond warned single mums sometimes face a hefty £800 upfront bill for childcare costs before they can be reimbursed through Universal Credit. She warned these high costs are pushing parents away from employment, saying: “Single parents have been forced to reduce their hours to offset childcare costs, or remain out of employment entirely.” The benefits advocate told Express.co.uk: “The childcare element of UC is ripe for reform, especially fixing the significant sum of up-front money UC claimants must initially raise to pay for childcare.” The Government is currently looking at ways to reduce the upfront fee parents on Universal Credit have to pay for their childcare.  Ms Redmond suggested the ministers should consider paying the childcare element directly to the provider once a place has been secured for the child. However, the benefits expert warned these “sensible” policies remain in doubt as the Government may put off making any changes for the time being. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “It’s important to look at how our welfare system is operating to ensure it’s supporting people in the best way possible and incentivising those who are able to, into work – as this is the best way to deliver financial security, purpose and confidence. “This is why the department is thoroughly reviewing workforce participation to understand what action should be taken on increased economic inactivity." READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment - new details released  Claimants who are eligible for childcare support can also get 30 hours of free childcare a week, which is available for three and four year olds. People in disadvantaged households can also get 15 hours of free childcare a week for two year olds. To be eligible, a parent must be in paid work or starting a job in the next month. If a person lives with a partner, they both need to be in paid work, unless their partner cannot care for the children. There is no minimum to how many hours a person must work to claim the support but the work must be paid, and volunteer work does not qualify. The childcare must be provided by a registered childcare provider, which usually means they will be registered with Ofsted, the Care Inspectorate in Scotland, or the Care and Social Services Inspectorate in Wales. A parent or guardian can also claim Child Benefit to help towards their costs of raising their child or children. This is available if the child is under 16 or if they are under 20 and in education or training. The benefit currently pays £21.80 a week for an eldest or only child and £14.45 for each additional child. Those who earn above £50,000 a year will have to pay part of their Child Benefit claim back, or the full amount once a person’s salary reaches £60,000 Universal Credit and Child Benefit payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April along with many other benefits, including PIP and Pension Credit.