FIA bosses have revealed the criteria for new F1 teams with constructors required to pay a £264,000 bill to apply. It comes after the FIA officially launched the application process for prospective F1 teams on Thursday. It means Andretti’s F1 project can be officially launched weeks after they received the backing of Cadillac. According to the FIA’s expression of interest document, the technical ability and the resources of any new team is a major factor in whether an application is approved. The ability of the team to raise and maintain funding to meet its financial obligations is also an important consideration. The FIA also determines whether teams can meet and comply with the sporting, technical and financial regulations. Any prospective entry must send in a detailed business plan which includes financial projections for the first five years. Any relevant experience in motorsport must also be outlined including the background of any key staff. READ MORE: Christian Horner calls out Ben Sulayem amid uncertainty over Andretti The FIA also claims it will conduct a “fit and proper persons” test for any owes and people in management positions. The governing body will also assess the value that the candidate would bring to the series, including a look at the entrant's integrity. A new criteria focusing on sustainability has also been added with teams needing to prove how they will get to net zero by 2030. New constructors would also have to outline plans for diversity and also achieve a “positive societal impact” through joining the sport. A bill of £264,000 ($300,000) will also have to be settled before any application can be considered to cover "due diligence". However, the FIA claims this list was just a starting point with applicants set to receive more criteria later down the line. DON'T MISSMichael Andretti rubbishes F1 boss claims amid FIA feud over expansion [INSIGHT]Horner makes confession as team bids to rival Mercedes and Red Bull [ANALYSIS]FIA president ignores Toto Wolff as bosses press ahead with plans [COMMENT] Applications must be received by April 30 with the FIA to make a decision over the new entrants by June 30. Andretti are one of the favourites to secure a slot on the grid after receiving backing from FIA boss Mohammed ben Sulayem. The team secured a partnership with General Motors brand Cadillac in a bid to shore up a place on the grid. However the American squad has received backlash from some team principals who are concerned about the dilution of prize money. Announcing the launch of applications, Ben Sulayem said: “FIA believes the conditions are right for interested parties, which meet the selection criteria, to express a formal interest in entering the Championship. For the first time ever, as part of the selection conditions, we are requesting that candidates set out how they would meet the FIA’s sustainability benchmarks and how they would make a positive societal impact through sport. “The process is a logical extension of the positive acceptance of the FIA’s 2026 F1 Power Unit Regulations from engine manufacturers which has attracted Audi to Formula One and created interest among other potential entrants.”