Eddie Hearn affirms that he would love to make Anthony Joshua vs Francis Ngannou for the Cameroonian’s first fight inside the squared circle. The Matchroom Boxing chief has been in contact with the former UFC heavyweight champion but refused to disclose exactly what they spoke about. Having parted ways with the UFC earlier this year, Ngannou is now hoping to make a splash in the boxing world and has called out Tyson Fury and Joshua for his debut. Fury responded by proposing they face each other in a hybrid boxing bout overseen by special guest referee Mike Tyson. Joshua, meanwhile, has remained tight-lipped on the crossover clash. However, his promoter Hearn believes a fight with Ngannou would be massive for the sport and is keen to discuss the possibility. “Yes [I’ve talked to Francis Ngannou], I think he’s an outstanding man. I always talk too much, and I don’t want to talk too much about what was said,” he told Ariel Helwani during a recent appearance on The MMA Hour. “[The meeting was] maybe last week… We didn’t go too deeply into stuff but I respect him greatly for the way he’s handled his career. To the point now where he’s in a fantastic position. He has a new ocean to navigate, which is a lot more rocky than the world of MMA and UFC." He added: “He’s in the wild west of boxing… We’ll see what happens. For me, we would love to be involved in his career. The Anthony Joshua fight is just probably one of the biggest fights that could be made across any kind of sport. Obviously, the Tyson Fury fight is there for him as well. I was pretty captivated by him. I’m not a massive MMA fan, but I respect what he’s done there. MORE BOXING NEWS... Chisora lifts lid on important role in Paul and Fury's Saudi showdown Tyson exposed over Tommy 'promise' as Chisora spills beans on chat Paul told he will be 'taken out on a stretcher' after Fury bout "He’s got a golden opportunity now to really solidified himself and many generations beyond him through being involved in an event, that would be one of the biggest in fight sports history. [For his first boxing match] I think he should fight Anthony Joshua.” A fight with Ngannou would certainly be a spectacle but it doesn’t fit into AJ’s three-fight plan for 2023. He is expected to begin his rebuild by facing Jermaine Franklin on April 1 before a summer showdown with Dillian Whyte in June and a blockbuster clash against either Deontay Wilder or Fury to close out the year. The super fight would be sure to make Joshua a lot of money but wouldn’t do much in bolstering his third run at heavyweight gold. 