Dr Sarah-Naomi James, based at University College London (UCL), and her team are behind the new findings. "Our study suggests that engaging in any leisure-time physical activity, at any point in adult life, has a positive effect on cognition," said Dr James. "This seems to be the case even at light levels of activity, between one to four times a month. "What's more, people who have never been active before, and then start to be active in their 60s, also appear to have better cognitive function than those who were never active." For the research project, the team examined data from 1,417 people (53 per cent of whom were women) who filled in surveys about how much exercise they did. The surveys were carried out five times throughout adulthood, when people were aged 36, 43, 53, 60-64 and 69. The survey asked whether participants had engaged in "sports and vigorous leisure activities" in the previous four weeks. READ MORE: ‘I felt like I was dying’: Paul O’Grady describes horror illness that ‘finished’ him off Activities included on the survey were badminton, swimming, dancing, football, or brisk walks for 30 minutes or more. If people said yes, they were asked how often per month they did these activities. Participants were then categorised as not being active, moderately active, or most active, depending on their answers. People who were moderately active would engage in activities once to four times per month. Once people reached the age of 69, their cognition – such as processing speed and memory – was assessed. Those who were at least moderately physically active at all survey checkpoints fared better on cognitive tests than others. Most specifically, this cohort fared better in cognition than those who frequently exercised at only one survey checkpoint. The authors noted: "Being physically active at all time points in adulthood was associated with higher cognitive performance and verbal memory scores at age 69. READ MORE: Two popular herbs that could help blast visceral fat, studies show "Notably, the effect sizes were similar across all adult ages, and for those who were either moderately or most physically active." Such a finding suggests that "being physically active at any time in adulthood, even if participating as little as once per month, is linked with higher cognition". The link between brain health and exercise was also explained by education, childhood attainment, and socio-economic background. Yet, the consistency of exercise remained significant even when these factors were taken into account. Once people reached the age of 69, their cognition – such as processing speed and memory – was assessed. Those who were at least moderately physically active at all survey checkpoints fared better on cognitive tests than others. Most specifically, this cohort fared better in cognition than those who frequently exercised at only one survey checkpoint. The authors noted: "Being physically active at all time points in adulthood was associated with higher cognitive performance and verbal memory scores at age 69.  Dr Susan Mitchell, head of policy at Alzheimer's Research UK, commented on the research. "This large study, which ran over three decades and which was co-funded by Alzheimer's Research UK, shows that it's never too late to start getting active," said Dr Mitchell. Dr Mitchell added the study highlights "how important it is to try and maintain [exercise] throughout our lifetime". The study was published in the Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Psychiatry.