A woman who killed an oncoming motorcyclist and seriously injured his passenger days before their wedding has been jailed. Chloe Ferry made the "catastrophic" decision to pull out and overtake the car in front while travelling along a country road.   The 21-year-old realised too late that she did not have enough time to overtake and crashed head-on into the motorcycle. The rider died at the scene, and his fiancée spent more than four months in hospital and was not well enough to attend his funeral, Hull Crown Court heard. Ferry admitted causing the death of David Lewis by dangerous driving on September 19, 2021. She also admitted causing serious injury to Susan Lewis by dangerous driving, reports Hull Live.  Robert Stevenson, prosecuting, said that Mr Lewis, 49, of Driffield, East Riding of Yorkshire, was riding his motorcycle and was travelling home on the A614 from his daughter's home, heading eastbound towards Middleton-on-the-Wolds, between Driffield and Market Weighton, at 4.20pm. His partner of six years, Susan Lewis, 49, was his pillion passenger. Ferry was heading in the opposite direction towards the M62 in a yellow Peugeot 107. She was returning to Wiltshire after spending the weekend with her boyfriend. The motorcycle had just come over the brow of a hill. Ferry thought that it was safe and pulled out to overtake another car in front of her, driven by a woman, who "just knew that there would then be a collision". As Mr Lewis approached, he flashed his lights three or four times as if trying to warn Ferry. She tried to swerve back in to avoid a collision but could not do so because it was too late. "A collision had become inevitable," said Mr Stevenson. Mr Lewis died at the scene and his pillion passenger suffered injuries including two fractured vertebrae, a fractured pelvis, damage to her spleen and damage to her leg. She was in hospital for four-and-a-half months and missed the funeral of Mr Lewis. She needed a mobility scooter and is no longer as independent. She has returned to an office-based job, but not a physical one, two days a week. She and Mr Lewis had known each other for 20 years and had been planning to get married 10 days after the collision. He had been a motorcyclist for 30 years and was known as a safe and sensible rider. He had two daughters, Sarah and Jessica, who had suffered "extreme sadness" and could not sleep because of his death. He also had grandchildren. Ferry was also injured and, while she was in hospital, made tearful admissions that she saw the motorcycle but thought that she had enough time to overtake the other car. "She said that she tried to swerve but, by the time she did, it was too late," said Mr Stevenson. She realised that the motorcycle was closer than she thought. There were no vehicle defects and no substances or use of a mobile phone were involved. Charlotte Baines, mitigating, said that Ferry had held a full driving licence since November 2019 and was a bright, intelligent young woman who thought about others before herself and was held in high regard, as shown in references. She had no previous convictions or endorsements on her driving licence. Her remorse was genuine and she had never tried to portray herself as the victim. "She carries the burden of what she did very heavily every single day," said Miss Baines. "She feels guilty on a daily basis about the devastating consequences of her actions." Ferry had said in a letter: "I really don't know where to start. There are no words that can say how sorry I am or that can take the pain away from the families. "I am wholeheartedly sorry. I will never be able to escape what happened that day and I can never take back my actions. I am so sorry for the pain that I have caused you." Ferry had suffered post-traumatic stress disorder and anxiety since the accident. "The defendant is traumatised by the consequences of her actions and the impact that it has had on Susan Lewis and the family of both victims," said Miss Baines. "There is nobody punishing herself more than Chloe Ferry for the error of judgement on the day in question. She hasn't driven since the collision. She has no intention of driving again. She struggles every day to be a passenger in a car. That is likely to persist for some time in the future. "No sentence passed upon her will assuage the loss that has been suffered by the family and friends affected by the death of Mr Lewis."  Ferry, of Tyburn Close, Grange Park, Swindon, was jailed for two years and four months. She was banned from driving for four years and two months. The court heard that the prison sentence would have been three-and-a-half years after a trial but was reduced by a third because of her guilty pleas, lack of convictions and other factors. Ferry sobbed and wiped her eyes as she left the dock to go down to the cells. 