Lancashire Police has been told by a witness of a reportedly suspicious vehicle seen near where Nicola Bulley disappeared while walking her dog almost a fortnight ago. The vehicle was spotted close to Nicola's walking route on the morning she went missing, Friday January 27, while walking her spaniel, Willow.  It was seen in a lane a few hundred yards from where the 45-year-old mum of two had dropped her two young daughters off at school. According to th Sun, a witness described the van as a high-sided Renault type vehicle or Transit which was faded red. The Sun reported the witness said: “It was a shabby looking van, an older model, the kind you can live or work in. “It was on a quiet lane near a barn, with a couple of houses dotted around.  “Obviously, I don’t know whether this van is related to Nicola’s disappearance. All I know is that something grabbed my attention. I felt compelled to tell police about it. “Even though it was down the road, as the crow flies it’s quite close to where Nicola was last seen.” The 45-year-old disappeared while walking her springer spaniel along a river towpath in St Michaels on Wyre, Lancashire, after dropping her daughters at school on January 27. The witness, who did not wish to be named reportedly called the police three days after the timeline surrounding Nicola’s disappearance. READ MORE: British Army would run out of ammunition 'in days' if called to fight   He said that he spotted a red van parked along Hall Lane at around 9.40am. He said: “It looked suspicious but in that moment it didn’t mean anything. “After a good think the red van really stood out, I thought it might be significant. “Initially I called 101 but I wasn’t overly impressed with the operator. I followed up with the police and spoke to an officer who took all the details down and said my call was being logged. DON'T MISS:Family sue school after son's Nativity sheep costume catches fire [INSIGHT]Father-of-three crushed by pop-up urinal in London named [SPOTLIGHT]Brussels left red-faced after series of security lapses  [REVEAL]  “I’ve spoken to the police a couple of times now. They called me on Wednesday to follow up. “They thanked me and asked if I had any dashcam footage and told me they were taking my information seriously. “The call really allayed my fears that my sighting wouldn’t be considered properly, they are obviously following up on everything.” Search teams from Lancashire Police and the Coastguard, including divers, are also focusing on the 10 miles or so of river downstream of the bench, where the River Wyre empties into the sea at Morecambe Bay.   