Express Sport readers have tipped Leandro Trossard and Jorginho to be the final parts of Mikel Arteta’s jigsaw as the Spaniard looks to lead Arsenal to their first Premier League title since 2004. Readers also believe that new Manchester United signing Marcel Sabitzer can replace Christian Eriksen to help the club to maintain their place in the top four come the end of the season. Arsenal currently sit five points clear at the top of the Premier League and currently have a game in hand over closest rivals Manchester City. Hopes are high that the Gunners could finally lift the trophy again for the first time since Arsene Wenger's Invincibles. Arteta dove into the transfer market during January to strengthen their title challenge bringing in Trossard and Jorginho from Brighton and Chelsea respectively to challenge for first-team spots. 22-year-old Jakub Kiwior also recruited from Italian club Spezia as one for the future. Now Express Sport readers have backed the club to complete this aim with the help of their two senior signings. 57% of respondents to the question: “Will Arsenal win the league after signing Trossard and Jorginho?” backed Arsenal to finish top with just 43% arguing the opposite. The Gunners have 18 games to prove you right starting with the fixture with Brentford today. JUST IN: NBA's LeBron James farce is a real danger to the Premier League Readers have also been passing judgement on United’s transfer business particularly the arrival of Sabitzer from Bayern Munich in the final hours of deadline day. The Red Devils were not expected to re-enter the transfer market following the signings of Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst but Eriksen’s three-month layoff with an ankle injury forced Ten Hag back into the market. The Austrian will serve as a replacement for the influential Dane while he recovers and is expected to line up alongside Casemiro in the Red Devils midfield too.  Express Sport readers have backed the midfielder to make an impression too. 58% of respondents to the question: “Can Sabitzer replace Eriksen and help Man Utd to a top-four finish?” argued that he was capable with just 42% arguing against. United are currently in a very strong position for a place in the Champions League next season with the club currently third in the Premier League four points clear of fifth-placed Tottenham. It remains to be seen if readers' predictions will come true with the season just past its halfway stage but it is a major expression of support for both clubs' transfer business.