Jayson Tatum may be one of the best-rising talents within the NBA, but he's credited team-mate Al Horford as the perfect role model at the Boston Celtics. Horford played alongside Tatum during his breakthrough years and is still a valuable part of the team after returning to the Celtics following a brief spell away from the team. Horford "helped" Tatum a lot during his rookie years, and the 24-year-old has showered his team-mate with praise for mentoring him throughout his NBA career. Tatum is now well-established, and looking to lead the Celtics to their first NBA title since 2008. They made it all the way to the finals last season but were outclassed by the Golden State Warriors who edged the seven-game series. The Celtics star has been brilliant ever since being drafted third overall back in 2017, but his professionalism is really shining through as he matures. Tatum credited Horford for instilling that in him, as he spoke highly of his team-mate at All-Star weekend. Tatum was asked during All-Star media day who had impacted his career the most, and the Celtics star barely hesitated before mentioning Horford. "Al, Al Horford. It's just how professional he is," Tatum said. "Like at 36 or 37, just how he's playing a valuable part on the best team in the league. That comes from his maturity, the way he approaches every day, he has a routine. "Me in my first year in the league, that's somebody who helped me out a lot. He kind of helped me realise that I need a routine for my own so, Al has been instrumental in my success as a player." Horford first joined the Celtics in 2016, and mentored Tatum once the youngster was drafted a year later. Horford then left in 2019 and played for both the Philadelphia 76ers and Oklahoma City Thunder before returning to the Celtics in 2021. The Celtics went so close to the title last season but are well on their way to heading straight back to the NBA finals as they lead the Eastern Conference, and have the most wins across the league. Tatum is desperate to secure an NBA crown, and it would be the perfect end to Horford's career. Horford is still a huge part of the Celtics team, and his experience alongside the energy and youth of Tatum is proving to be a deadly combo this season. There's still a long way to go, but this could be their year.