Luther: The Fallen Sun is the latest (and perhaps last?) adventure for the no-nonsense London detective, played by Idris Elba. This time around, though, he has a bigger budget and two hours of screen time to take down his homicidal nemesis. Netflix just released the first trailer for the movie - which you can see at the top of this article - and finally reveals the first details of the highly anticipated story. Luther is shown off in the trailer in prison before breaking out, sending him out on the hunt for his new foe: David Robey - played by Lord of the Rings star Andy Serkis. The film's official synopsis reads: "A serial killer terrorizes London while disgraced detective John Luther sits behind bars. Haunted by his failure to capture the cyber psychopath who now taunts him, Luther decides to break out of prison to finish the job by any means necessary." The trailer shows a cat-and-mouse chase between both Luther, the serial killer, and the police who are hunting both men down for different reasons. In classic Luther fashion, the gritty detective will stop at nothing to get his man, even if it means he'll condemn himself to prison for the rest of his days. Luther star Elba recently told Esquire about how much he loved playing the detective (which he has done since 2010 on BBC). He said: "Luther, he’s probably the character that’s most like me, in real life. He has so much conviction. He doesn’t try to overcomplicate things. He gets to the point. I love the writing. It’s fun to play" Elba also recently told Capital XTRA that he is "proud" of the final movie. "I feel like, definitely, the film is a massive achievement for all of us," he mused. "We love the film. We’re still finishing it up now. I think the fans that are worried about: ‘Wow, now Luther is going to get Hollywood’ – I don’t think they need to worry about that. I think we have definitely paid attention to the core fans." Elba went on to add: "We have also left room for people who don’t know Luther to kind of say: ‘Let me get involved’. I can’t wait for people to see it." He continued: "I am so proud to see a Luther film. From 10 years of a TV show to now a film. It’s amazing for me." The 50-year-old Brit also teased the film series' future: "Hopefully this is a series of movies expanding the John Luther stories, bigger canvas, more bandwidth to find out who he is, understand him a bit more." Luther: The Fallen Sun hits cinemas on February 24 and Netflix on March 10.