He might have retired from tennis amid emotional scenes at the Laver Cup last September, but tennis fans aren't convinced they've seen the last of Roger Federer on a court. The Swiss maestro chose to bring the curtain down on his iconic career in London after a third bout of knee surgery in 2021 left him unable to regain full fitness. There was to be no fairytale finish as he and Rafael Nadal were beaten in their doubles clash by the American pairing of Frances Tiafoe and Jack Sock, with Team World going on to beat the European team overall and claim the trophy for the first time. But there were few dry eyes in the house when the 41-year-old addressed a sold out O2 Arena on the microphone after his match. The 20-time Grand Slam champion is still expected to feature in the sport in other capacities, and is currently engaged in discussions with the BBC. The station is keen for Federer to join their Wimbledon coverage, in a bid to introduce new faces to viewers following the retirement of Sue Barker this year. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz gears up for long-awaited comeback as he teases fans with return imminent However, not everyone is convinced that Federer won't be back one day to try and win Slam No 21, especially given he's now been surpassed in that department by Nadal and Novak Djokovic. A post on Reddit questioned why the ATP still had the legend down on their active playing roster on their official website. "Why hasn't the ATP website updated Federer's status into inactive yet?" they asked. And fans were quick to offer their theories over the answer, with @Machiniac asking: "Because he’s playing Wimbledon this year." @juankrush1250 added: "He is coming back." DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic makes last-ditch Indian Wells attempt by applying for 'special permit'Wimbledon and French Open make U-turn as significant tennis rule change approvedNovak Djokovic can end six-year Federer drought if he plays Indian Wells as request made @IAmBecomeBorg implied the achievements of rivals will draw him back, writing: "They’re still hopeful he’ll catch up to Novak and Rafa." But @Dazzling_Noise591 offered an alternative theory, posting: "The only plausible reason I can find that is that it hasn't been a full year since his last ATP-recognised event, which is the Laver Cup." For his part, Federer is yet to hint at any kind of explosive return. He has however, verbally committed to playing exhibition matches with old rival Nadal once the Spaniard also retires.