Billionaire tennis player Jessica Pegula was given the worst 29th birthday present as she crashed out of the Dubai Tennis Championships so comforted herself by eating Doritos. The world No.3 reached the quarter-final at last month's Australian Open and followed that by a final defeat at the Qatar TotalEnergies Open. In the Dubai Tennis Championships which followed the American star suffered a shock 1-6, 7-5, 0-6 semi-final defeat at the hands of world No.30 Barbora Krejcikova. The defeat came on Pegula's birthday and following the match she flew back to America. The tennis star jokingly tweeted: "Everyone: “What is it like playing on tour? It must be so amazing!” Me: gets bagled (game-less last set) on your birthday, sitting eating Doritos at midnight, waiting to get on a 16hr flight home." Pegula currently has the highest world ranking of her career which was boosted by her performances at the Middle East tournaments. For those that misunderstood her light-hearted tweet the American added: "In all seriousness proud of my efforts the past two weeks. Time for some rest.” READ MORE: Emma Raducanu's conqueror Jessica Pegula feels 'nobody cares' about her unlike with Brit   Pegula is a star in her own right having earned over £5.6million ($6.9m) during the course of her tennis career, but this is nothing in comparison to the vast business empire controlled by her father. Terry Pegula, has an estimated worth of £5.5bn ($6.7bn) and the tennis star stands to inherit a considerable amount of this. Pegula's parents own the NFL’s Buffalo Bills and NHL’s Buffalo Sabres. The two-time title winner revealed recently that - between the French Open and Wimbledon last year - her mum went into cardiac arrest in the middle of the night and the star feared she would have to quit the sport. DON'T MISS:  Despite her vast wealth Pegula is pushing for women tennis players the same prize money as their male counterparts. Some women stars still earn some 34.32 per cent less than their male counterparts, according to a study by money.co.uk last year. Pegula will now have some time at home to celebrate her birthday properly before returning to action at the Indian Wells Open, starting on March 6. The American star reached the last eight of last year's French Open and will be looking to improve on that result at the next Grand Slam tournament in May. 