The Portugal star has often faced negativity for his demeanour on the pitch, often seen shouting at team-mates. In December 2021, United icon Gary Neville named Fernandes as one of several "whingebags" in the Red Devils squad after a dismal defeat by then-struggling Newcastle. However, Fernandes has said that he is usually encouraging colleagues. It shows that the 28-year-old is clearly leading in the correct manner. “I think everyone knows I shout. I try to push [my team-mates],” Fernandes told BT Sport ahead of United's crunch Europa League clash with Barcelona. Football news LIVE - Tributes for late Motson, Arsenal get Jesus boost “Everyone thinks that when I shout, I’m saying something bad to my team-mates, but it’s the opposite way around. It’s the way I do it with the arms and everything. “Even sometimes, it’s in a good way, but because you see me waving my arms, you think it’s in a bad way. When I think that [my team-mates] do something wrong, like they have a better option when they go for a goal or a skill, I shout at them in a bad way because we have to do things well for the team. “That’s the most important thing. At the same time, if I feel like someone is low on confidence and they miss a shot, miss a pass, miss a chance, I will shout at them, but to encourage them. Like, ‘come on, carry on, we need you. You will get the goal, assist, your momentum to go one-on-one and past players’. “So the way I have passion for the game sometimes goes out of context, but every time I will do what I think is best for my team-mates, for my club, for the game, not for myself. I will not win games by myself. I will not win trophies by myself.” DON'T MISS...Man Utd fans split over Mason Greenwood as club continue investigationMan Utd's title prospects assessed as Ten Hag's team enter the raceBarcelona boss Xavi gives verdict on Qatar buying Man Utd Fernandes, who has played in all but two of United’s 38 games this season, will hope to play a key role for United against Barcelona. Erik ten Hag used the midfielder on the right of attack in the first leg, with Wout Weghorst as a No 10 behind Marcus Rashford. It remains to be seen if Ten Hag will deploy the same tactic. The system worked well at Camp Nou, with the Premier League outfit securing a 2-2 draw to take back to Old Trafford. BT Sport is the exclusive home of the UEFA Europa League. Watch Manchester United v Barcelona live on BT Sport 2 from 7pm. For more info, visit btsport.com