The National Football League has removed Michael Irvin from its team of analysts ahead of Sunday's Super Bowl amid an investigation into an allegation of misconduct. The three-time Super Bowl-winner was accused following an encounter with a woman in his hotel lobby, though Irvin maintains his innocence and said he's "totally perplexed" by the situation. The former Dallas Cowboy was part of the NFL Network's Monday night coverage in the build-up to Sunday's showdown between the Philadelphia Eagles and the Kansas City Chiefs. Reports have indicated police in Glendale, Arizona, are unaware of any wrongdoing that involves the American football Hall of Famer. “Michael Irvin will not be part of NFL Network’s Super Bowl LVII week coverage,” read a statement from NFL Network spokesperson Alex Riethmiller. Irvin joined the NFL Network team in 2009 and has since been a frequent fixture on game days. “Honestly, I’m a bit baffled with it all,” he told the Dallas Morning News after the allegations emerged. “This all happened in a 45-second conversation in the lobby. When I got back after going out. . .I came into the lobby, and I talked to somebody. I talked to this girl. I don’t know her, and I talked to her for about 45 seconds. We shook hands. Then, I left. . .that’s all I know. READ MORE Tom Brady to earn more as FOX pundit than he made in 23-year NFL career  “I don’t really recall that conversation, to tell you the truth. We were out drinking. It was just a friendly conversation. ‘What’s up?’ I don’t even know. . .I am totally perplexed.” The 56-year-old has insisted there was "no sexual wrongdoing" in interviews he's conducted in recent days. Irvin also said he initially didn't remember the encounter having 'had a few drinks' but was later shown the recorded footage. “But I guess I had met somebody in the lobby," he said during an appearance on the 'Shan & RJ' show on Wednesday. "Talked to somebody in the lobby for about a minute, and then I went to my room. And then after I got up there, they said they had to move me in the hotel. DON'T MISS Jason Kelce sends clear message to brother Travis ahead of historic Super Bowl meeting San Francisco 49ers make major quarterback decision ahead of 2023 NFL pundit studio was stunned into silence as Tom Brady announces retirement    “I said: ‘I didn’t talk to anybody. I went straight to the room.’ And then they showed it on camera that I did talk to somebody. I talked to this girl for about a minute. I don’t know what — they didn’t show it to me. They told it to me. I didn’t see it. . .I guess the girl said I said something to her within that minute that we talked, and so they moved me.” Irvin has maintained a brief handshake was the extent of his physical interaction with the complainant in question this week.