Graham Potter could cause more issues for Chelsea as the club seek to sign Joao Felix on a permanent deal. The former Brighton boss appears to be the driving force behind a long-term move and Todd Boehly may not decide to commit if he has any intention of firing Potter in the near future given the club’s dire on-field performances. Felix was one of eight new signings that Chelsea made in January as Boehly spent big to strengthen Potter’s underperforming squad. The Portugal international has impressed during his first appearances for the club despite his red card against Fulham and much of the team’s best bits going forwards have come through him. There is no option to buy included within the loan deal meaning Chelsea will have to negotiate with Atletico at the end of the season. The La Liga giants want to recoup much of their initial £113million outlay for the player, according to Marca, however, this is not an amount the Blues would like to pay and have hence suggested including the likes of Mason Mount in any deal. It remains to be seen whether or not this will be enough to convince Atletico to part with their wantaway midfielder but negotiations could be complicated by uncertainty over Potter’s future while Atletico CEO Miguel Angel Gil Marin is already causing problems for Chelsea as he is unconvinced that selling Felix permanently to the Blues would be the right thing to do. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd Chelsea boss Potter is believed to be the driving force behind a permanent move for the forward as per AS via Sport Witness. However, given the team’s recent performances, his position has come under increasing pressure and the American may not look to pursue a long-term if Potter is not going to be around for it. Chelsea officials have publically stressed that they have no intentions to part ways with Potter as they keep faith in their long-term project however his position could very quickly become untenable if performances do not improve.  The 1-0 defeat at home to relegation battlers Southampton is a new low point in Chelsea’s season and the pressure appears to be starting to get to Potter. The 47-year-old argued that he was not the problem after the match as he directly responded to criticism. “After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable. I think we’ve had a tough period and I think we’ve had lots of challenges in terms of integrating young players into the Premier League. While results don’t go your way it can be tough, that is how it is. "I’m sure there will be people out there that think I’m the problem, absolutely. I don’t think they’re right but I’m not arrogant enough to say their opinion isn’t worth articulating. My job is to help the team, keep working through a team period, we’ve had to make some changes today and the truth is we took a step back in our performance in the first half. The response in the second half was good, but it wasn’t good enough.”