A human foot found inside a shoe near the mouth of a river has led to the identification of a 68-year-old missing woman. Jerilyn L. Smith was identified through DNA from the human foot, found by a passerby near the mouth of the Elwha River in Port Angeles, a popular tourist spot in the Olympic Peninsula region of Washington. They made the discovery in 2021 - three years after Ms Smith disappeared. The body part was found in a woman’s size 8 New Balance brand shoe. Since the foot was the only part of the remains discovered, authorities were not able to immediately determine specific characteristics about the woman, including age, ethnicity, height and weight, the Clallam Sheriff's Office said. Investigators pursued various leads to identify the severed foot, all of which went cold until the sheriff’s office partnered with Othram Labs in Woodlands, Texas, in 2022. READ MORE: Pregnant murder suspect begs to be released as unborn baby is not criminal After doing a DNA analysis on the human foot, the lab produced a list of potential family members which detectives whittled down to confirm the woman’s identity. The surviving family members sent samples to the lab, identified the remains as belonging to Ms Smith. Ms Smith was reported missing on January 7, 2018. Her cause of death and the circumstances of her disappearance were not immediately clear. At least 15 severed feet have been discovered in the waters of northern Washington and southern British Columbia since 2008. DON'T MISSTrump's 'connection' with King Charles could seal post-Brexit deal [INSIGHT]Biden vows to defend 'every inch of Nato' against Russia [LATEST]China warns US over Taiwan 'meddling' in new Cold War [REPORT] There's even a Wikipedia page devoted to the phenomenon. In 2019, authorities identified another human foot found inside a boot that washed up on an island off Washington State. The human foot found inside the boot belonged to a man missing since 2016. Antonio Neill, who was 22 years old at the time of his disappearance, was never found. READ MORE: Tragedy as five killed in plane crash near Clinton Airport - witnesses 'hear loud boom' The missing feet phenomenon has been attributed to a range of factors, such as natural disasters, plane or boat accidents at sea. Others have theorised that the feet might be the work of a serial killer or organised crime.