Vladimir Putin's plot to "destroy" another European country has been intercepted by the nation's intelligence services. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said on Thursday that his country has intercepted plans by Russian secret services to destroy Moldova, and Moldovan intelligence confirmed the claim. It comes as Ukrainian commander-in-chief Zaluzhny said two Russian missiles crossed Moldova and Romania's airspace on their way to Ukraine on Friday morning, Breaking the news on Telegram, Zaluzhny wrote: "Today, February 10, at 10:18 am, two Russian Kalibr cruise missiles crossed the State border of Ukraine with the Republic of Moldova. At approximately 10:33 am, these missiles crossed Romanian airspace. After that, they again entered the airspace of Ukraine." Responding to the move, Moldova's Defence said: "The Ministry of Defence, together with the responsible structures of the country, is closely monitoring the situation in the region and strongly condemns the violation of the airspace of the Republic of Moldova." The Romanian Ministry of Defence, however, denies the claim. General. Mr Constantin Spînu, the spokesperson of the Ministry of Defence said: "The information regarding a Russian missile that would have flown over Romania's airspace is not confirmed. We will return shortly with official information regarding this situation." Speaking to European Union leaders in Brussels on Thursday, Zelensky said he recently told Moldovan President Maia Sandu about Putin's alleged scheme. He said: “I have informed her that we have intercepted the plan of the destruction of Moldova by the Russian intelligence." He said the documents showed “who, when, and how" the plan would “break the democracy of Moldova and establish control over Moldova.” Zelensky said the plan was very similar to the one devised by Russia to take over Ukraine. He added that he did not know whether Moscow ultimately ordered the plan to be carried out. After Zelensky’s comments, Moldova’s Intelligence and Security Service released a statement confirming it has received “respective information from our Ukrainian partners” and said it has also identified “subversive activities, aimed to undermine the Republic of Moldova, destabilise and violate public order.” The statement added: “At the moment, we cannot provide more details as there is a risk of jeopardising various ongoing operational activities." They also confirmed that all of Moldova’s state institutions “are working at full capacity and will not allow these challenges to happen.” Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov charged last week that the West was considering turning Moldova into “another Ukraine.” He alleged that the West backed the 2020 election of the pro-Western Sandu, claiming that she is eager to take the country into NATO, merge Moldova with Romania and “practically is ready for anything.” READ MORE: Zelensky fights back tears as he makes impassioned plea to EU leaders  In December, Moldova’s national intelligence agency warned that Russia could launch a new offensive this year with the aim of creating a land corridor through southern Ukraine to Moldova’s Moscow-backed breakaway region of Transnistria. Transnistria broke away after a 1992 civil war but is not recognised by most countries. It extends roughly 400 kilometres (250 miles) from the eastern bank of the Dniester River to the country’s border with Ukraine. Russia has about 1,500 troops nominally as “peacekeepers” in the breakaway region. Moldova, located between Ukraine and EU member Romania, is one of three former Soviet states, along with Georgia and Ukraine itself, that submitted applications to join the EU within days of Russia's February 24 invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Russians fighting for Ukraine vow to topple Putin [INSIGHT]Putin's warns UK giving Ukraine jets will have consequences for world [VIDEO]Zelensky warns EU Putin trying to 'annihilate European values' [ANALYSIS] It has pressed on with its application amid concerns that it could be drawn into the war, because of instability in its Transdniestria region, run by pro-Russian separatists and occupied by Russian peacekeeping troops on the Ukrainian border. Ms Sandu said Moldova wanted to become an EU member "as soon as possible. But we are realists and we understand that we still have a lot to do." The war in Ukraine complicated Moldova's EU integration, but reforms were bringing Moldova closer to EU standards, she said.