Nearly nine in ten Brits (86 percent) who work in a managerial role say they model their workplace leadership style – after Premier League football managers. Jürgen Klopp, José Mourinho, and Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola are the current cream of the crop among football bosses when it comes to showing how to manage a team. And Sir Alex Ferguson, who led Manchester United to 13 Premier League titles, topped the list of past managers that office bosses claim to take inspiration from. The poll of 1,750 workplace managers, with a love of the beautiful game, found that the top traits they have adopted from football team leaders include passionate team talks, enthusiastic celebrations, and calling for a decision to be overturned. And CopyBet.com, which commissioned the research, have also created this quiz, with a series of workplace scenario-based questions, to help you discover which legendary gaffer you are most like at work. A spokesman for the gaming site said: “It is exciting to see so many people taking inspiration from the world of football management and putting it into practice at their workplace. “This was a fun exercise to see what actions bosses have taken to make themselves better managers, in order to improve their workplace performance – whether that’s delivering objectives, boosting team moral, or building relationships.” Methods likely used by these legends of the game, and adopted by many respondents in their own workplace, include giving the “hairdryer treatment”, and wearing tracksuits to work. Some have arranged for senior staff to attend training with younger members of the staff – the equivalent of senior players being forced to train with the youth side after a misdemeanour. And many have some sense of what transfer deadline day is like – including losing star employees to another employer, or identifying staff they’d like bring into their own workplace. Others have even been warned about their future conduct, or got into a spat with a rival manager. Of those who have employed methods used by football managers, 87 percent believe their leadership skills have improved as a result, and 88 percent think they’ve become better communicators. Almost half (45 percent) opted to embrace such techniques in the hope of achieving team objectives, while 42 percent wanted to improve team spirit. However, 36 percent simply want to create a bit of fun in the workplace. And they seem to have been largely successful – as 53 percent claimed employee motivation improved, and 45 percent believe their team found their methods inspirational. The study, carried out through OnePoll, found 62 percent claim there’s not much difference between managing staff and a team of football players. And 43 percent believe they have all the attributes needed to become a top football manager, with 37 percent claiming such a role would be “easy.” The spokesman for CopyBet.com added: “It goes to show just how much influence football has on our everyday lives, including in the workplace. “Bosses have adopted traits from some of the best managers in the history of football, and continue to take inspiration from the current crop.” 