A young teenage girl has recalled the horrifying six months she spent with her “monster” father, who sexually abused her “every night” that she stayed with him. His sickening actions prevented her from sleeping and have caused her significant, long-lasting trauma. Elizabeth Price, 16, appeared in court this week to deliver her victim statement, five years after suffering the extensive abuse at the hands of her father, Phillip Price. Ms Price spoke at length about living in fear of telling anyone about the abuse over concerns that her father would seek her out, adding that she did not think she would be believed.    Ms Price was placed in the care of her biological father Phillip Price in Swansea, Wales, when she was just 11 years old. She spoke of the horrendous abuse he subjected her to during her stay, including taking pictures of her after he had undressed her and screaming at her until she threw up. She said she did not sleep for weeks on end as she feared he would sexually abuse her as soon as she was unconscious. She said she told her school that Price was an excessive drinker, who would consume alcohol from the moment he woke up to the minute he fell asleep, in the hope that her social workers would move her back in with her mother, but it was to no avail.    Speaking to Wales Online, she said: “I didn’t tell anyone for four years because I was scared he would find me and do it all over again.  I literally didn’t want to be here anymore because of what he had done to me.” She said that harbouring her secret had a significantly detrimental effect on her mental health, and has used her position now to encourage other survivors of sexual abuse to report the crimes. “I think it’s important to speak out about it because I hid it for so many years and it ate me up from the inside out,” she said. “I just want people to know that they are not the only ones going through something like this because I struggled for years with my mental health for not telling anyone about it.” READ MORE: 'Midlands Ripper' guilty of sexually abusing boy for five years   Price, now 61, started abusing his daughter after she was temporarily placed in his care at his home in Swansea between May and November 2018. Ms Price added: “He would drink every day from the time he opened his eyes in the morning to the time he went to sleep. It was a two-bedroom house and... I was in the room with my dad. “He would sexually assault me at night when he thought I was sleeping but I was awake every time because I was too scared to go to sleep. “It happened every single night without fail while I was living with him for just under six months. He would take pictures of me as well after he had stripped me and when he thought I was asleep.” After telling her mother last year about the abuse, Price was arrested a few weeks later and an investigation was opened. On Friday, he was handed a custodial sentence of five years with an extended licence period of eight years. He was also handed a 12-month concurrent sentence as well as a two-year concurrent sentence for breaching his prevention of sexual harm order and two concurrent sentences for the possession of child pornography of six months and two months. DON'T MISS: Giuffre 'won't remain silent' on Prince Andrew claims once gag lifts [REVEAL]Arrogant, entitled, 'spares' Harry and Andrew have a lot in common [REPORT] Priti Patel demands government must do more to protect women [REVEAL]  Addressing her father in court, Ms Price said: “For four years I kept a secret no child should ever have to keep. For four years my mother watched helplessly as I went down hill and for four years I was horrible to my siblings for trying to be nice to me for things you did to me while I was just 11. “As a father you had the job of protecting me from monsters, but you turned out to be the very monster I needed protecting from. “As a child I needed your love, not to be sexually assaulted by you. I can no longer look at my body without hating what I see. I can't look with my eyes without thinking of you. “I hate that I now bathe several times a day because I still feel your touch, but the scrubbing never stops. I hate myself because of what you did. I hate everything from my head to my toes. “Damn it, you made me not want to be here any more and if it wasn't for my mum, I wouldn't be here today because I decided I wasn't worthy of love, trust or compassion - I was wrong. I don't know why you abused me and no apology will ever be enough. “You are nothing but a monster and I will never forgive you. You no longer get to be my dad. I am slowly getting to rebuild my life and you will never be a part of it again and you will never hear me call you my dad again.” READ NEXT: Justice has plummeted to new low as under 2% of rape suspects chargedTiming of Ghislaine interview looks 'prearranged' to benefit PrincePrince Andrew ‘forced by Palace' to pay settlement claims ex partner'Evil' monster gets 60-year sentence for luring students into sex cultMother ordered to pay £35,000 to man that abused her    If you have been a victim of sexual assault, help, advice and support can be sought from specialist Sexual Assault Referral Centres (SARCs). They are located around Wales and have specially trained doctors, nurses and support workers to care for you. You can find out more about SARCS and other support that is available by visiting this link Sexual assault referral centres (SARCs) - NHS Wales Health Collaborative for more information, For confidential support the Samaritans can be contacted for free around the clock 365 days a year on 116 123. 