Rhino has managed to stay in the competition for almost two months after wowing both the judges and audience with their singing. However, as The Masked Singer comes to an end, fans think a telling clue has confirmed it is Charlie Simpson hiding under the Rhino mask. In the latest episode of The Masked Singer, a wedding clue hinted the Busted star was under the mask. American actors Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughan were spotted on wanted posters in the background. Fans think this links to their film Wedding Crashers, which could be a node to the boyband's song Crashed the Wedding. Charlie, 37, was part of Busted from 2000 to 2005 when he left to pursue a solo career after also playing in Fightstar. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain The singer released his fourth album Hope is a Drug in March 2022. He married his long-time girlfriend Anna Barnard in June 2014 and the pair have son, Arlo, together. The Masked Singer fans have taken to Twitter weekly to share their theories Charlie is behind the Rhino mask. @Silver_hallows posted: "You know you were obsesssed with Busted when you know Rhino on #TheMaskedSinger is 10000% Charlie Simpson from #busted and I’ve not even seen a clue or a previous episodes… but that voice. I’d know anywhere." "I absolutely refuse to believe that’s anyone other than Charlie Simpson #TheMaskedSinger," @Laurenhoulihan shared. @KatieGupwell added: "I get so emosh watching Charlie from Busted dressed as a rhino. I need to calm down #TheMaskedSinger." @Lorzelou986 posted: "So a bit behind the times as just catching up with last nights #MaskedSingerUK and I take back my earlier guess of James Arthur for Rhino. "After the Owen Wilson photo, wedding crashers, crashed the wedding. Charlie Simpson 100%." DON'T MISS...The Masked Singer's Phoenix not Ricky Wilson but Strictly star [EXCLUSIVE]The Masked Singer's Fawn addressed as Nicole Appleton speaks on sister[INSIGHT]Dick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer [VIDEO] @Caz4891 tweeted: "OK so....Rhino is Charlie Simpson from Busted all day long and I don't get how he hasn't been rumbled yet! "Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn were the Wedding Crashers - hence Crashed The Wedding. And he's also just bloody said "BUSTED" in the VT #MaskedSingerUK." Ahead of the final, Fawn is the favourite to win the latest series and be exposed as Natalie Appleton. Ahead of the final showdown, Ladbrokes make Fawn the 1/2 front runner emerge as this year's unguessable winner. At the moment it's still Natalie who's fancied to be the voice behind fawn at 2/1, or there's a 4/1 chance it's Alesha Dixon. Rhino is chalked up at 3/1 to win, while Phoenix finds himself as the outsider at 6/1. Jessica O'Reilly of Ladbrokes said: "Fawn has eluded the judges throughout the entire series with her fantastic performances, making her the clear odds-on favourite to win The Masked Singer 2023." The Masked Singer continues tonight on ITV at 7pm.