1923, the latest Yellowstone spin-off from the mind of Taylor Sheridan, became an instant hit when it premiered at the end of 2022. After taking a short break following the first chunk of season four, Jacob Dutton (played by Harrison Ford) and his wife Cara (Helen Mirren) have both been confirmed to return for a second season of the epic Western drama on Paramount+. Both Ford and Paramount+ have seemingly confirmed Jacob will survive the first season of 1923 despite sustaining fatal injuries. At the end of the third episode, sheepherder Banner Creighton (Jerome Flynn) and his men storm the Dutton ranch over a land dispute and start shooting. The Duttons tragically lose their nephew John Sr (James Badge Dale), and Jacob looks as if he could be joining him after being shot in the abdomen. Thankfully, the Dutton patriarch just about manages to pull through, but the veteran cowboy is still bedridden and asks Cara to represent him at the cattle owners' meeting. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future With a Hollywood A-Lister leading the series, it was speculated Ford could only be sticking around for so long before Jacob succumbs to his wounds. However, the latest announcement from Paramount+ has assured fans both Ford and Mirren will indeed be reprising their roles in 1923’s second season. Sheridan’s new Yellowstone series was pitched as a two-season run, so the follow-up will most likely bring this chapter of the Dutton saga to an end. Even so, there may be some viewers who are surprised to see Jacob’s return confirmed as his fate was left up in the air before the midseason hiatus. If this wasn’t enough to convince fans of Jacob’s fate, Ford himself has revealed he will be back in the saddle for season two. In his interview with the Today Show just before the announcement, presenter Samantha Guthrie tells him, “There’s rumours of a second season. Ford replies in the affirmative, and says “Yes” again when she asks: “Will you be there?” Guthrie was thrilled with his direct response, and joked: “It’s not like interviewing a politician!” DON'T MISS:Fire Country fans ‘in tears’ after emotional Bode and Jake hug [REACTION]Blue Bloods’ Frank Reagan ‘to fire’ grandson after protocol break [THEORY]Law and Order fans fear Jet’s Organized Crime exit [VIDEO] To which Ford quipped: “We can just pack it up and wait for season two!” Despite his quick response, there could still be a chance Ford is deliberately misleading the fans. As his nieces and nephews will lead directly to the current generation of Duttons, there’s nothing stopping Sheridan from killing off Jacob or Cara at the end of season one. If Ford is to be taken at his word, there’s also still the possibility Jacob is killed off after just one or two episodes near the start of season two. Still, it’s unlikely Paramount+ will want to get rid of two of the streamer’s biggest draws after the success of 1923’s first season. The premiere in December released to a staggering 7.4 million viewers, so it would be smart to keep Ford and Mirren around to ensure the same success when season two comes around. On the other hand, the Yellowstone franchise has become notorious for its twists and turns keeping viewers on their toes, so anything could be in store for the Duttons over the next four episodes. 1923 season 1 continues Sunday, February 5th on Paramount+.