A tax code is used by an employer or pension provider to work out how much income tax needs to be taken from an individual’s pay or pension. HMRC will tell the organisation which code needs to be used. Tax codes are made up of numbers and letters, and the most common combination is 1257L - for those with one job or pension. The numbers in a tax code show how much tax-free income a person gets in one year, for example £12,570 translates to 1257. This is worked out based on someone’s tax-free Personal Allowance and the income they have not paid tax on. The letters refer to a person’s situation and how it impacts their Personal Allowance. READ MORE: HMRC warning as Britons offered council tax refund worth ‘thousands’ For example, L means entitlement to a standard tax-free Personal Allowance, while NT shows tax is not being paid on this income. However, there are some instances where a person might not be paying the correct amount of tax for their circumstances. In some cases, HMRC might apply an emergency tax code to a person’s salary. This usually occurs when the Revenue does not possess enough details about how much a person needs to pay in tax. DON'T MISSMarried Britons could reduce their tax bill by £1,242 [EXPLAINED]Pension age is changing as some Britons set to wait longer for access [ANALYSIS]Britons with less than £16K savings may be entitled to hundreds [INSIGHT] For example: Examples of emergency tax codes are: Emergency tax codes are temporary, so Britons do not have to worry about overpayment forever. HMRC usually updates a person’s tax code when they or their employer provides the correct details. READ MORE: HSBC to close 114 branches in 2023 with some closing within weeks The Revenue explained: “If your change in circumstances means you have not paid the right amount of tax, you’ll stay on the emergency tax code until you’ve paid the correct tax for the year.” If a person believes they are on the wrong tax code, they should contact HMRC. In the case of a new tax code being required, HMRC will issue a revised code to a person’s employer or pension provider. There is a way for Britons to check their income tax for the current year, including their tax code and Personal Allowance.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This can be done through the Government’s online portal available on the GOV.UK website. Here, Britons can also tell HMRC about any changes which may affect their tax code. Individuals will need to sign in using their Government Gateway ID and password. If they do not have this, they will need to provide their National Insurance number or postcode, as well as two of the following: