Residents have shared their ire after a mound of "dangerous" rubbish was dumped by "scumbags" on a private road. The locals had to club together to have the waste, including 500 tyres, removed from their roads. The council had to close the street near Reigate, Surrey. Over the New Year's bank holiday weekend, “tonnes of rubbish” was tipped onto the private road and into laybys in the area. What looked like construction waste was left for residents to clear up themselves, reports Surrey Live. A resident, who does not wish to be named, said it was “scrotes” that had left a “terrible” amount of rubbish behind, including paving stones, old decking, bottles, cigarette packages, a hamster cage and a wheelbarrow. The waste blocked the Reigate road, with residents having to put on protective gloves to clear 20kg worth of rubbish. The resident said: “I know we live on a private road, but if they are doing it on private land then they will be fly tipping on council roads too." People living on the road put £40 in per household to pay for a skip and a licenced waste collector to come to remove the rubbish. The resident said: “We’re all pretty hacked off, but it’s the cost of a curry and a pint, we’d rather just have it cleared.” They added: “Asbestos was dumped in a layby by a big bloke driving a van. My friend confronted him, and he turned aggressive, but because there was no CCTV evidence the council said they couldn’t prosecute. The people who live there made up their own council CCTV signs as a deterrent to stop it from happening again. The council were more worried about their logo being used in the signs than they were about the asbestos being left.  “The council did clear it in the end because it is dangerous and requires specialists to move it. But if you park at the council-owned car park and go over your ticket by five minutes, you get fined up to £100. But you can dump tonnes of rubbish on someone's drive and not get penalised for it.” A litter picking day by the resident’s partner brought more than seven black bin bags full of rubbish along a quarter mile stretch, with bottles “full of” urine and coffee cups that could have been “thrown out the windows of lorries”.  “People just don’t care, they throw it out their windows and into the ditch, and that is how it ends up in the River Mole,” the resident said. A Surrey County Council spokesperson: “We know that fly-tipping is unacceptable and residents should report any incidents of it that they see. Unfortunately, councils are only able to clear up fly-tipped waste on public land within their boundaries, so owners of private land must ensure that any illegally dumped waste is taken away and disposed of safely and responsibly. “There are steps residents can take to help prevent fly-tipping, which are outlined here.“ 