Manchester United are reportedly set to call on specialists as part of their internal investigation into Mason Greenwood, with a focus on looking into his mental and physical condition after charges of attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault against the 21-year-old were dropped earlier this month. United figures are supposedly conflicted regarding how best to proceed, with some 'deeply unhappy' at the thought of Greenwood returning to the first team. The Crown Prosecution Service stopped the case after the withdrawal of a key witness left them without a realistic prospect of conviction. Greenwood has not been convicted of a crime and his contract at Old Trafford runs until 2025. The once capped England international has continued to bank his near-£100,000-a-week wages throughout the legal process. Manager Erik ten Hag has reportedly reached out to Greenwood, who has not trained or played with his team-mates since being arrested in January last year. The player denies any wrongdoing. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m Although the striker won't face criminal proceedings, United are conducting their own investigation before deciding whether or not to welcome him back into the fold. According to The Daily Star, they are set to call on specialists as part of the process to gain a greater understanding of his physical and mental condition. United are also planning to interview Greenwood himself. Figures of authority behind the scenes hope to conclude the process before the end of the season, although it is considered unlikely that the youngster will pull on the red shirt in 2022/23. DON'T MISSRio Ferdinand begged Man Utd to sign Modric but they bought £17m flop insteadEverton boss Dyche points finger at Pickford following error in Liverpool lossGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to light Greenwood joined the Red Devils' academy as a young schoolboy and rose through the ranks to make his senior debut in 2019, becoming the second-youngest player in the club's history at 17 years and 156 days. He last played in January 2022 with a record of 35 goals in 130 appearances for club and country. Facing an uncertain future, the forward would reportedly be willing to resurrect his career in China if his stint at Old Trafford comes to an end after United's investigation. Such a move would see his wages slashed, with the Chinese Super League capping weekly earnings at £50,000.  Greenwood was originally due to stand trial in November this year before charges against him were dropped. In the meantime, he has remained on United's official squad list and retains their No 11 jersey. Ten Hag was understandably coy when quizzed on the saga earlier this month, telling reporters: "I can't add nothing. It’s… I refer to the statement of the club. As I said, in this moment, I can't give a comment about the process."