 In the 1990s, buy-to-let gave ordinary Britons the chance to become private landlords, and two million took up the challenge. Buy-to-let mortgages gave them cheap finance and they could service the debt from rental income they earned from tenants. Investors cashed in on rising property prices and built a reliable income stream for their retirement. I even considered doing it myself, then decided it was too much effort. Yet slowly, problems emerged. As buy-to-let became more popular, investors started to squeeze out first-time buyers. They could load up on two, three, four or more properties, while young buyers were unable to afford just one for themselves. Instead, they ended up renting, making buy-to-let landlords even richer. Adding to the unfairness, landlords were able to claim tax relief on their mortgage interest, while first-time buyers were not. The result was "generation rent", as millions of young people gave up on ever buying a home of their own. For that reason I backed the buy-to-let tax onslaught unleashed by former Tory Chancellor George Osborne in 2015. I thought it would level the playing field between landlords and first-time buyers. Yet now the attack on "greedy landlords" has spiralled out of control. They have become hate figures and it’s not helping anybody. Standing up for landlords is like showing sympathy for the devil. It won't win me any friends but I'm going to try anyway.    Osborne attacked landlords on several fronts over a period of years. He slashed the automatic 10 percent discount for “wear and tear”, imposed a three percent stamp duty surcharge on second home purchases, and axed higher rate tax relief on mortgage interest. The stamp duty surcharge added £9,000 to the cost of buying a £300,000 property, while landlords who paid higher rate income tax lost tax relief worth thousands every year. Many landlords bailed out. They’d had enough. Especially since the government followed up its tax onslaught with ever tighter regulation on properties. With less competition, the number of first time buyers hit a 20-year high of 408,379 in 2021, according to Yorkshire Building Society. Falling unemployment and cheap borrowing costs played its part, but the death of buy-to-let was a big driver as young buyers faced less competition, and that's a win for me. Yet the UK still needs a thriving rental sector, because not everybody is ready or able to buy. As landlords flee, the supply of rental properties has plunged and rents have rocketed. In December, rents hit a record high of £731 a month after climbing 13 percent in a year, according to flat share site SpareRoom. While wealthier now tenants have a better chance of buying, poorer tenants are stuck and face much higher rents. READ MORE: 'Unfair' leasehold system to be overhauled by new legislation   SpareRoom said a major factor is that landlords have lost confidence in the rental market, with four in 10 looking to reduce their property portfolio or exit altogether this year. Tenants who still have an affordable rent are reluctant to move, which further squeezes supply. This hits labour market flexibility, as many are unwilling to move to work as a result. High rents makes it hard for tenants to save up a property deposit, trapping would-be first-time buyers in the rental sector. While there will always be rogue landlords, they have been demonised en masse as people seek a culprit for the housing crisis. It's not the fault of landlords that the UK cannot build enough properties to house its rocketing population. Yet they are getting the blame and have had enough. Treating tenants as if they are all saintly victims of modern-day Rachmans isn’t helping, either. Now housing secretary Michael Gove plans to boost tenants’ rights right and scrap Section 21 no-fault evictions, making it almost impossible to get rid of a problem tenant without going through a lengthy court procedure. The result is that even more landlords are selling up for fear of being stuck with problem tenants. The pendulum has now swung too far. If good landlords are being demonised and driven out, we will be left with only the worst, and that won't help anybody. Especially tenants. 