A forensic expert has said he does not believe missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley fell into the river. Peter Faulding does not agree with the police theory that she fell into the River Wyre, saying he would have expected her to be found by now if that were the case. Speaking on GB News, Mr Faulding said: "We could have scanned this river with our equipment within the day and seen if there was a body there. It’s as clear as that. And you know, none of this rings right to me. My belief is she’s not in the river at all.” Police searches have entered their tenth day after Nicola was last spotted at roughly 9.15am last Friday while out walking her springer spaniel Willow in St Michael's in Wyre, Lancashire. The alarm was raised for her whereabouts after the phone was found on a bench still logged into a work call which had ended. But Mr Faulding believed it could be a "decoy". “The phone on the bench, I mean, you have to ask, normally someone would have a phone in their hand especially if they were walking around. “Even the clothing feels odd, no one spoke about how deep the water is actually at the bottom of the bank where it went in. "I’ve heard rumours it’s 18 inches deep at the edge. I mean, the clothing she was wearing was not woolly clothing that absorbs water quickly. “She seems a very fit person. Why were there no screams? Why were there no marks?" DON'T MISS:Nicola Bulley's daughter asks 'where is mummy and is she coming home?' Sky News confirmed that a team, led by Mr Faulding will be helping the search "free of charge" in the waterways in the area. In a post on Specialist Group International's Facebook page, Mr Faulding said his team will “work closely” with police. Mr Faulding also said he was "surprised" the area hasn't been sealed off as a crime scene by police. He added: "People have been walking past the bench. There’s no police tape up. This would normally be sealed off as a crime scene so potentially crime scene investigators can go in and see if there are any microfibres, evidence, slip marks down the bank etc and I don’t believe that has actually happened here.” Friends of Nicola say they hope this will give the family some answers. Speaking on Monday Emma White said: "We hope they uncover nothing like the police have done for the last 10 days, and we hope Nicola is not in that river." Lancashire police say the investigation is still a missing person inquiry, saying they have no reason to suspect any criminal element or anything to suggest any third-party involvement. 