PIP is a benefit administered by the Department for Work and Pension (DWP). PIP can help with extra living costs if someone has a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability that makes it difficult to do certain everyday tasks or get around. Claimants can get PIP even if they’re working, have savings or are getting most other benefits. The payment is worth between £24.25 and £156.90 per week and is paid every four weeks, meaning it is worth up to £627.60 per month. As of October 2022, the DWP data showed a rise in the number of people claiming for Psychiatric Disorders. The number of people claiming for Musculoskeletal Conditions such as arthritis, joint, chronic or back pain and hip disorders also increased by 10,200 to 1,012,415 in October, 2022. READ MORE: State pension warning as triple lock 'likely to be revised' as Hunt's budget looms For more information, people can visit the Government website. Britons can check an online benefit calculator to see if they are eligible to make a claim. There are two parts to PIP: Whether an individual gets one or both parts and how much they get depends on how difficult they find everyday tasks and getting around. READ MORE: Woman, 77, shares DWP benefit that 'changed life for the better' - worth £3,300 a year If someone might have less than six months to live, they’ll automatically get the daily living part. Whether they get the mobility part depends on their needs. The daily living component of the payment has a lower weekly rate of £61.85 and a higher rate stands at £92.40. PIP’s mobility component is £24.45 for the lower weekly rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. This means that someone in receipt of the higher rate of both components would be eligible for £627.60 a month. Britons must also be under state pension age if they’ve not received PIP before. If they’re over state pension age, they can apply for Attendance Allowance instead. PIP also acts as a gateway benefit to 10 additional forms of support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) worth thousands of pounds. These include: