The world’s first full-sized autonomous bus service will be launched in Edinburgh as early as this spring after the scheme was awarded £10.4million in combined Government and industry funding for self-driving transport technology. But do you trust self-driving buses? Vote in our poll. The project is set to transport more than 10,000 passengers a week along an 18-mile route in the Scottish capital, across the Forth Road bridge from Edinburgh Park to Ferrytoll Park and Ride in Fife. The buses will be run on a “captained basis” with two members of staff to monitor the autonomous system and assist passengers. Transport secretary Mark Harper said: “Self-driving vehicles including buses will positively transform people’s everyday lives – making it easier to get around, access vital services and improve regional connectivity. We’re supporting and investing in the safe rollout of this incredible technology to help maximise its full potential, while also creating skilled jobs and boosting growth in this important sector.” READ MORE: World’s first self-driving bus to hit the streets of Edinburgh The grant was one of seven given a share of £81million by the Centre for Connected and Autonomous Vehicles to British companies to develop experimental self-driving passengers and freight services. Other projects include on-demand self-driving taxis in Cambridge, zero-emissions self-driving HGV’s developed in tandem with Asda and a remote-control driving hub in Solihull and Coventry. The Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy said the launch of the seven projects “could revolutionise public transport and passenger travel”. Business Secretary Grant Shapps said: “In just a few years’ time, the business of self-driving vehicles could add tens of billions to our economy and create tens of thousands of jobs across the UK. This is a massive opportunity to drive forward our priority to grow the economy, which we are determined to seize.” So what do YOU think? Do you trust self-driving buses? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.