Ambulance union leaders have been accused of putting lives at risk by refusing to help ease the impact of strike action due to start today. Business Secretary Grant Shapps slammed the unions ahead of a ­walkout by tens of thousands of nurses and ambulance staff in England in what is expected to be the biggest strike in NHS history. Nurses are due to strike again tomorrow while ambulance crews and call handlers will return to the picket lines on Friday. Mr Shapps suggested union leaders were not helping the Army organise cover, leading to a ­“postcode lottery when it comes to having a heart attack or a stroke”. With no end in sight to the disputes, Mr Shapps’ claim was branded an “absolute utter lie” by Unite ­general secretary Sharon Graham. Mr Shapps said the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has “very responsibly” told the NHS where it will be striking and enabled emergency cover to be put in place, But he claimed ambulance unions have not provided such information. His comments came as he sought to justify controversial anti-strike ­legislation making its way through Parliament. The Strikes (Minimum Service Levels) Bill seeks to ensure there are minimum working levels during strike days across six ­sectors, including health and transport. Mr Shapps, asked if the industrial action will put lives at risk, told Sky’s Sophy Ridge On Sunday programme: “I am concerned that it does, if you have a situation which has been happening so far where you don’t have co-operation between the back-up services – typically the Army – and the people who are striking. “We have seen the ­situation where the Royal College of Nursing very responsibly before the strikes told the NHS ‘this is where we are going to be striking’ and they are able to put the ­emergency cover in place. “Unfortunately we have been ­seeing a situation with the ambulance unions where they refuse to provide that information. That leaves the Army, who are driving the back-ups here, in a very difficult position – a postcode lottery when it comes to having a heart attack or a stroke when there is a strike on. “We cannot have that situation. That is why I am introducing laws for minimum safety levels.” Health Secretary Steve Barclay said last night: “Despite contingency measures in place, strikes by ambulance and nursing unions this week will cause further delays for patients who already face longer waits due to the Covid backlogs. “We prioritised £250million of support last month for extra capacity in urgent and emergency care but strikes this week will only increase the disruption faced by patients. “The Governor of the Bank of England warned if we try to beat inflation with high pay rises it will only get worse and people would not be better off. “It is crucial people continue to access the services they need – please attend your appointments unless told otherwise. “I have held constructive talks with the trade unions on pay and affordability and continue to urge them to call off the strikes. It is time for the trade unions to look forward and engage in a constructive dialogue about the Pay Review Body Process for the coming year.” The Unison union’s Sara Gorton said all the services involved had emergency cover which, “as a rule of thumb”, saw all life-threatening incidents – also known as category 1 calls – responded to. Category 2 calls, which can include heart attacks and strokes, would be assessed and if there was “risk to life and limb” ambulance staff would leave picket lines to respond. Unite’s Sharon Graham said neither Rishi Sunak nor Mr Barclay are ­prepared to discuss pay. She told the BBC’s Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg programme that Mr Barclay “is not telling the truth” when he says there is dialogue. Ms Graham added: “There have been no conversations on pay ­whatsoever with Rishi Sunak or Steve Barclay about this dispute. “They’ve danced around their handbag, they danced around the edges but they will not talk about pay. “That is an abdication of responsibility as the dispute is about pay – how can they say they are in talks?” A government source told the Daily Express that Mr Barclay would never rule out talks with any union leader – including Ms Graham. RCN director for England Patricia Marquis appealed to Mr Sunak to “come to the table” for pay talks to avert more strike action. She told Times Radio: “Where there are genuine negotiations with a view to seeking a resolution, then we will call off the strikes – and that view has not changed.” Shadow business secretary Jonathan Reynolds suggested if Labour was in power it would not be able to offer double-digit rises to public sector workers. Asked if Labour would give nurses a 10 per cent rise, Mr Reynolds told Sky News: “We ­probably wouldn’t be able to meet that but we would negotiate. “We have a much more compelling message about those workload problems because we’ve got that plan to ­abolish the non-dom rule for the super-rich and therefore use that revenue – over £3billion – to vastly increase the numbers of doctors, nurses, midwives in the system. “So that would be part of the negotiation.”