There’s nothing better than homegrown crops, including tomatoes which can be served in a simple salad or blitzed to make a tomato sauce. Not only are tomatoes the perfect choice for beginners, a couple of plants can reward you throughout the whole summer. Experts at plant fertiliser brand Phostrogen® have shared some top tips on growing tomatoes this year. The expert explained: “Believe it or not, there are thousands of varieties of tomatoes worldwide, which come in a huge range of colours, sizes, and flavours, so it can be overwhelming to know which type to choose. “The first thing to consider is where you’ll be growing your tomatoes. Smaller varieties, like bitesize sweet cherry tomatoes, may work best in a hanging basket and don’t need much space, whereas full-flavoured, meaty beefsteaks will require much more space and a stake or trellis to grow up. “If you’re new to growing tomatoes, you may want to explore disease resistant, hardy plant varieties or opt for a tomato bush variety over cordon tomatoes, as these are generally easier to maintain. Other great varieties to try include the Red Alert tomato, Roma VF tomato or Moneymaker tomato. “Of course, consider how you want to eat your tomatoes. Will you be tossing your tomatoes in a salad or slicing them for sandwiches? Choose a variety you love and you’ll enjoy growing them even more.” READ MORE: ‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ Tomatoes are easy to grow from seeds and can be sown in containers in a greenhouse or sunny spot in March and April, which will be ready to harvest from July onwards. The experts recommended staggering dates of when you plant your seeds to ensure you have a steady supply of tomatoes throughout the summer. They added: “Once your seeds have germinated and are approximately three inches tall, seedlings can be transferred to a sunny position outside either in containers or the ground. “Choose a sunny, sheltered spot, east or south-facing are usually best for maximum afternoon sunshine. You can also get young plants from all garden centres if you’d like a head start. DON'T MISS:Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [EXPLAINER]Four houseplants best for removing ‘mould’ and ‘other toxins’ [EXPERT] “When you’re ready to transfer seedlings or young plants, gently plant the stems into soil, giving each plant plenty of space. If your tomato variety requires a stake, tie plants onto canes with a figure of eight knot to avoid chafing, and don’t forget to mulch. “Just beware of late frosts and poor weather that could kill seedlings, it’s usually best to leave potting on until May or June.” As well as providing tomatoes with lots of sun, they also need to be fed using a specialist fertiliser as the leaves and fruits consume a lot of nutrients. There are lots of different brands on the market to pick from, including Phostrogen’s® Organic Tomato Feed which helps to increase your yield of tomatoes. READ MORE: ‘Quick and easy’ method to achieve ‘streak-free’ windows The experts said: “It provides your plant with the perfect balance of nutrients thanks to an N-P-K of 3-2-7. Available in a handy concentrated liquid, simply mix the recommended dosage into your watering can and water weekly for best results. “When it comes to watering, try not to wet the leaves as this can encourage disease such as blight to spread, but ensure that tomato plants aren’t allowed to dry out as this increases the risk of blossom end rot. “Keep soil consistently moist, as fluctuating levels can stunt growth and encourage disease, and remove side shoots to promote a healthy, full growth.” Making sure to pinch the side shoots regularly is crucial, as it ensures they never get too big. The plant can then put all its energy into growing nice and tall with lots of fruit. If the side shoots are not removed, they will form a mass of long, scrambling, leafy stems. These can be difficult to support, producing fewer fruits but taking up lots of space. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) recommended checking for side shoots every time you water tomato plants. In summer, this is very regular as tomatoes are thirsty crops. Tomato soil must be kept evenly moist to ensure they do not get dehydrated.