Leeds United head coach Jesse Marsch has hinted Weston McKennie is in contention to make his debut against Nottingham Forest on Sunday after completing his loan switch from Juventus. The USA international is the third American to link up with the Yorkshire club alongside Tyler Adams and Brenden Aaronson, and he is expected to play an important role in the second half of the season. McKennie has joined the Premier League club on loan until the end of the campaign from the Serie A giants and the midfielder could make his move permanent with an option to buy for £32.5million (€36m) in the summer. Marsch enjoyed a successful window in addition to capturing McKennie, recruiting his former lieutenant Max Wober from Red Bull Salzburg and forward Georginio Rutter in a £36m transfer from Hoffenheim. But McKennie is very much regarded as the key component to piecing together the squad and helping the club stave off the threat of relegation. Both Wober and Rutter were thrown into the side straight away in the FA Cup victory over Accrington Stanley at the weekend and Marsch, who heaped praise on the McKennie, suggested the 24-year-old midfielder is in the running to make his first appearance for his new club. READ MORE: Leeds transfer concern raised as hopes in 'seven-club' battle laid out “Weston is a competitor. Incredible flexibility. He can play almost any position on the pitch. Aggressive, but quality," Marsch told reporters. "At Schalke he did thing that I like to do so he understands what his role will be. "He has been outstanding in training – fit and ready. He is in consideration to start and certainly to be in the squad." McKennie has started five of the six matches Juventus have played since the World Cup and should be in prime condition to start the game if selected. He has been training with his team-mates since Tuesday after gaining a work permit to complete his move. DON'T MISSLeeds star Georginio Rutter under instant pressure after Marsch gambleNicolo Zaniolo and family 'suing Roma' after failed Leeds transferLeeds boss Jesse Marsch had chance to strike Man Utd January transfer  But the dilemma for Marsch will be deciding who to drop from his squad, with several players pushing for a start. If he moves to a 4-3-3 shape to allow McKennie to slot into midfield, it may rob Jack Harrison of the chance to continue in the side. But with Rutter, Patrick Bamford and Wilfried Gnonto all vying for a place in the front three after Rodrigo's injury, Marsch will be forced into making a difficult decision one way or another. Leeds head to the City Ground at 2pm on Sunday in a bid to end their dismal run which has seen the Whites go seven games without a win since their 4-3 success over Bournemouth in November, with Marsch under pressure to deliver after being backed in the transfer market. They are just a point clear of the relegation zone, but Leeds know they will move above Forest with a win due to their superior goal difference. FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!/news/uk/1719956/william-hill-sport-free-bet-two-pounds-saturday