Call the Midwife returns to BBC One with Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) and Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix) taking the next step in their relationship. Trixie welcomes a family member to Nonnatus House while Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings) organises the wedding gifts. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Geoffrey is Trixie's (Helen George) brother and he is her first family member to appear on screen. He has come to organise his sister the perfect hen party and helps organise the final elements of her big day. He is played by Christopher Harper, a 45-year-old actor and director. The star is best known for playing Nathan Curtis in Coronation Street during a storyline about teenage grooming. His other credits include Doctors, Holby City and Endeavour. READ MORE: Call the Midwife favourites confirmed to return despite exit fears Lizzie is one of the expectant mothers who is tended to by Shelagh Turner (Laura Main). She is played by Rebecca Hyde, a Professional Acting Student at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. This is her first major TV role, with most of her other work being in theatre. She has starred in Romeo and Juliet, Pride and Prejudice and Loam. Arnold is a relative of Lizzie's and he is played by Erik Mok. Erik is an actor and writer who has a number of film credits to his name, including Milestone and The Date. He also appeared in a 2019 episode of Hollyoaks, playing George. His stage credits include King Lear, As You Like It and Laburnum Grove. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife's Helen George details unlikely drama while filming Call the Midwife viewers to be wowed with marriage of Trixie and Matt Call the Midwife's Helen George teases 'tragedy' in emotional finale Mrs Yue is a relative of Arnold's and she is played by Sarah Lam. Sarah is a British-Chinese actress whose first film role was in The Wildcats of St Trinian's. She is best known for her UK TV roles, having starred in the series Angels between 1980 and 1982. Her other credits include Brookside, Two Thousand Acres of Sky and Stan Lee's Lucky Man.  Estelle is played by Hatty Preston, a London-born comedian and actress. She has previously starred in The Royals, Cuckoo and The Chameleon. Mrs Butler is played by Charlotte Randle, who is in the theatre version of Vardy v Rooney: The Wagatha Christie Trial. Her other TV credits include The Coroner, Father Brown, Silent Witness and Holby City.  Tony Hopkiss is played by Stephen Leask, who graduated from LAMDA drama school in 2008. He has a series of stage and TV credits including School of Rock, Waitress, True Horror and EastEnders.  Overseeing the big day is the reverend played by Daniel Hill. The 67-year-old actor is known for his roles in theatre, film and TV. His credits include Waiting for God, No Place Like Home, Only Fools and Horses and Silent Witness. Call the Midwife airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm