Emmerdale's new mum Amelia Spencer (played by Daisy Campbell) was left gutted when the father of her daughter, Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) said he wanted nothing to do with Esther. However, luckily for the youngster, Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) stepped up to the plate and played the doting dad to the baby. He has even put a chunk of money into a trust fund for the newborn for when she grows up. However, during Thursday night's episode, eagle-eyed Samson suddenly had a change of heart when he found out about the money. And many fans think he will try something dodgy in order to get his hands on the money. One viewer even predicted he could turn to murder. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered As Noah and Amelia celebrated the news in the cafe, Samson listened in as he waited for a coffee. As Brenda chatted to Noah, Amelia and her dad Dan Spencer (Liam Fox), she said: "You said this was a family celebration and I was just commenting on how things had worked out." "Brenda has got a point, dad," Amelia replied. Turning to Noah, Dan said: "I'm sorry, son, you've gotten good and I should never have tried to split you and Amelia up." "It's all good, Noah said. "It is all water under the bridge." As Samson approached the counter, he commented: "They seem cheerful?" "Because they've got something to celebrate, haven't they?" she replied "You've probably been out of the loop. "Noah has been given a trust fund and he's going to put it all into an account for Esther." "Is it worth much?" Samson asked as Brenda let slip: "It's not to be sniffed at apparently." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [SPOILERS]Emmerdale's Bob Hope to lose beloved B&B after Bernice betrayal [INSIGHT]The One Show host issues apology after co-host makes error [VIDEO] Taking to social media to share their thoughts on the storyline, many think Samson will try to get his hands on the money somehow. If he does end up killing for the money, the village could have a double exit on their hands. "Another murder on the way #emmerdale," @stevebethere theorised. User @macnamara60 wrote: "Samson’s about to do something monumentally sleazy, I fear." "Samson...horror #emmerdale," Kathleen said as @unsworth1live added: "Samson eyeing up Esther’s upcoming trust fund?" Nat replied: "Is he trying to get at Noah as feels like he is taking over completely?" (sic) "No he has just heard about the money and will offer to sell him the baby," SJ Sampson shared throwing another theory into the mix. While Mike noted: "Samson is only interested in Noah’s money that he’s putting into Esther’s bank. Not interested in the baby #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7.30pm on ITV. 