Carl Froch says he is still open to fighting Jake Paul despite The Problem Child’s loss to Tommy Fury on Sunday night - and has proposed fighting him and his brother Logan on the same night. The former super-middleweight world champion has been involved in a long-running feud with the former and is hoping to settle the score in the ring. And Froch is confident he will do the business and knock out both Paul brothers in one night. The YouTube star had offered to fight Froch on the condition that he beats former foe Anderson Silva in the squared circle first. However, The Cobra affirms that the only fight he is open to taking is with Paul. “Jake Paul and Logan Paul on the same night would be interesting,” he told BonusCodeBets. “I'd fight them both on the same night and they can tag each other. Or maybe get Logan on the undercard as we've not seen him for a while as a nice little warm up for me, a steady few rounds until I decide to knock him el sparko. "And then I can fight his brother Jake on top of the bill as the main event and make mincemeat of him, what a night that would be. “The only fight that ticks the box is Jake Paul. Even though he lost to Tommy it was at times a competitive fight. I'm nine years retired, so who knows what would happen, I've not been in the boxing ring since in any capacity. "But I'd make mincemeat of him, it'd be an easy fight. I'd smash him to bits inside two rounds, but that’s in my head. The reality might be different. I'd think we'd fill Wembley. Minimum 80,000. “What would it take to get me in the ring with Jake Paul? Not much, not much at all. In his head he might think Froch is nine years retired, has silver hair, and is old at 45, and maybe he thinks he can redeem himself for losing. I'd love to fight Jake Paul and smash him to bits. But I think he was exposed last night against a novice-pro. He’s talking about winning world titles - never going to happen. You're not good enough.” Froch doesn't expect Paul to put up much of a challenge and anticipates that the fight wouldn't go past two rounds. “I'd need to be in shape to do at least two rounds at a decent pace,” he added. “Maybe that's giving Jake too much credit. I'd get behind the jab for a minute, throw a few feints, make him react, he'd come in and throw a big overhand right and I'd time him. MORE BOXING NEWS... Tate sends message to Paul from prison after Fury points defeat Fury misses out on staggering sum per punch after refusing Paul bet Boxing LIVE - Paul and Fury pay discrepency as TNT welcomed home “It would be like taking candy from a baby. Move in close, take the lollipop out of his hand, and place it into my mouth and walk off with the lollipop, walk off with the prize candy. He would not last a round. If he lasted a round I'd be disgusted with myself. “If Jake Paul was stupid enough to pursue a fight with me, I'd probably go to the gym for four weeks maximum. That's all I need. That would get my fitness up. I'm already in shape. I'm lean and mean. I don't need to cut weight. I'm round about what he is weighing right now. I've got all the experience and natural talent anyway. “I would need to get the heart and lungs filled with air and breathing deeper and throw a couple shots on the bag. But not much. It's a walk in the park, a little stroll taking your dog for a walk, taking in the scenery. That kind of camp.”