Great British Bake Off judge Prue Leith explores the controversial subject of assisted dying in a new documentary for Channel 4 in which she appears alongside her son, Tory MP Danny Kruger. The culinary expert, 82, travels to Canada and the US to explore the controversial subject alongside her Conservative son. In a joint interview, the mother and son addressed claims they may be at loggerheads as Prue calls for legislation to make assisted dying legal while Danny has campaigned tirelessly to ensure that no such law ever ends up on our statute books. The programme, which airs this year, is said to show a "very different" side to Prue, who is usually found in the Bake Off tent judging cakes. The star is said to believe the law should be changed to help those who seek medical assistance when they have "absolutely had enough of life". However, Prue's son Danny disagrees. READ MORE: Piers Morgan calls Sam Smith 'Satan' as he blasts 'vulgar' Madonna Speaking to Radio Times, the Bake Off judge admitted she feared being "angry" at her MP son over their divided opinions. “I was a little bit nervous, because I didn’t want us to end up angry with each other,” she said. Danny commented: “We haven’t fallen out over this at all. We disagree on a number of political topics and that’s OK. "A healthy family can handle these sort of differences, just as a healthy country should be able to.  "I have huge respect for my mum because I know she cares passionately about this – she saw her brother die so badly.” It comes after Prue's older brother, who died in 2012, was the catalyst that sparked her call to change the law. She describes in the documentary the upsetting detail of his final months suffering from the effects of bone cancer and the pain he was in and was begging to die. Prue admitted her brother's death was traumatising for their family. DON'T MISS... Beyoncé sparks concern among conspiracy theorists after Grammy win[LATEST]Piers Morgan calls Sam Smith 'Satan' as he blasts 'vulgar' Madonna[GRAMMYS]Blue Peter legends have barely aged as popular trio reunite[PICTURES] The mother and son will travel stateside and also to Canada to discover how assisted-death legislation works in parts of both countries. The laws regarding assisted dying in the US and the UK differ. In America it is legal in 10 US states and the District of Columbia with more than a quarter of the population now have the option of choosing a medically assisted death. However, in the UK it is illegal. Prue's programme follows the star's foray into documentaries after the star joined her adopted daughter on a journey to Cambodia. The mum and daughter travelled to Cambodia as they explored Prue's daughter's roots and heritage, in the revealing documentary. Journey With My Daughter saw Li-Da attempt to find her birth mother in the emotional programme. You can read the full interview in this week's Radio Times out now.