Years of the UK government "raiding" defence budgets has left the country's stockpiles of ammunition at historic lows, warns Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. Cuts have resulted in the military being less prepared for combat, as crucial equipment like tanks have not been properly maintained, blasted Mr Wallace during a radio interview. This vulnerability was exposed during the conflict in Ukraine, where the UK's ammunition stocks, readiness levels, and ability to confront Russia were challenged. Mr Wallace cautioned that Putin's actions would likely continue to cause violence for at least another year. He told LBC: "I think it would be wrong to say troops home by Christmas, the lesson of conflict is never say things like that. "I think 2023 and 2024 is going to be about working to expel Russia from its gains." According to the Secretary General of NATO, Jens Stoltenberg, several members of the alliance have announced plans to increase their ammunition production in order to support Ukraine's military efforts. Stoltenberg specifically mentioned the US, France, Norway, and Germany as countries that are expanding their existing ammo factories and building new ones The NATO chief added: "That is making a huge difference."   According to Tory MPs, the British Army is facing a serious crisis due to insufficient funding, and they caution that even a potential increase in funding of £10 billion will not be sufficient to address the issue. The Ministry of Defence is expecting the funding boost to be announced in the upcoming March budget, and Mr Wallace is reportedly confident in securing the funds from the Treasury. However, Chair of the Defence Select Committee Tobias Ellwood has told Express.co.uk that the additional funding will not be enough to make a significant impact, likening it to a minor improvement. READ MORE: Zelensky fights back tears as he makes impassioned plea to EU leaders  While Iain Duncan Smith, a former leader of the Tory Party, stated that the Army "absolutely requires more money." He claimed that the MoD requires assistance for its aged tank fleet and constrained quantity of aircraft. Sir Iain said: "We've gone too far with the reduction in our army. We have real problems now with the tank fleet, issues with one of the aircraft carriers. We've got a tiny number of aircraft - it's ridiculous now that we've got so few aircraft. "The war in Ukraine has demonstrated just how important it is for us to be ready for war. We're not ready for war in the way that we'd need to be."  DON'T MISS:Starmer rages at Corbyn betraying 'principles of the country' [REACTION]Wallace dodges fighter jet question as he outlines defence plan [INSIGHT]Rolls-Royce leads 'landmark' UK aviation deal worth billions [REVEAL]