Following Manchester United’s 2-2 draw with Barcelona, more Europa League action unfolded. And one of the most-surprising results of the night was Juventus drawing 1-1 with Nantes, with the Old Lady’s torrid season under Massimiliano Allegri stooping to a new low. Paul Pogba missed the game, something which has become the standard for the 29-year-old, but it’s clear he was foolish to ever think the grass would be greener back in Italy… Back in the summer, Pogba and United decided to go their separate ways. The midfielder had returned to Old Trafford back in the summer transfer window of 2016 with many, including Jose Mourinho, believing he’d be the ticket to Premier League title glory. Pogba’s time back in Manchester started well enough, with the club winning the EFL Cup and Europa League during his first year. But the truth is that, by the time he left at the end of last season, he had failed to live up to expectations. Some of that is down to United themselves. Was Mourinho, a defensive-minded manager, ever really the man to get the best from a player with Pogba’s creative attributes? Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford The club also arguably failed their star man right from the very off by overpaying, putting unnecessary pressure on his shoulders. And United didn’t do enough to support Pogba on the pitch, signing just Donny van de Beek, Bruno Fernandes and Nemanja Matic to help him out. What is abundantly clear, however, is that Pogba was foolish to think the grass would be greener away from Old Trafford. He was more than happy to go, particularly after such a dire season as the one the Red Devils experienced under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But Juventus have gone from bad to worse, with their midfielder powerless to prevent their alarming slump. Even before being docked points in Serie A, nobody were really expecting the Old Lady to challenge Napoli for the Scudetto. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And Juventus are now a shadow of their former selves, with their Europa League draw with Nantes proving as much. Pogba could have stayed at United if he’d wanted to. Instead, he believed he’d stand a better chance at achieving the success he craves back at the place that gave his career lift-off in the first place. He was wrong. Juventus, as a club, have plenty wrong with it at present. It isn’t Pogba’s fault he can’t play, of course. He’s been extremely unfortunate with injuries and would love nothing more than to help his side. Yet it’s clear now he got the decision to move to Juventus wrong. As United soar, another giant falls. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, after his side’s draw with Nantes, Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri lost his cool. When it was put to the Italian that his team only goes for slim victories, he said: “I never said I wanted Juve to win 1-0, you drive me crazy with this rubbish. “It’s this cliche that I want my teams to win 1-0, but that is not accurate. “It’s simple, look at all the statistics of my teams, I always had the best defence and the second best attack. “You cannot escape from the statistics. Look at Milan and Juventus, that is my record. “My teams always scored 70-80 goals per season. You lot chat about nothing, I talk about numbers, that is the problem. “I know you have to sit there and talk about nothing to fill time, but I don’t. You imagined this, created the story and then keep spreading it. “You see things abstract, I see what is concrete. You’ve got all the statistics, look at them. “In football, there is just one thing that counts: winning games. It doesn’t matter if it is 1-0 or 5-0. “Nonetheless, the fact remains my teams always had the best defence and second best attack.”