Brenda Blethyn has been at the helm of the ITV detective series since 2011 and in the latest episode, she investigates possible police corruption. Vera is known for being an independent single woman in the series, having not had children. But does the star have children in real life? Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Brenda is one of nine children and the star opened up about her own humble childhood. Her family lived in poor circumstances at their maternal grandmother's home. Her parents did not get married until 1944, after an engagement of 20 years and the births of eight children. Following their marriage, they moved into a small rented house in Ramsgate, Kent. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series Brenda was born two years later in 1946 and at the time her three eldest siblings, Pam, Ted and Bernard, had already left home. The actress does not have any children of her own and she opened up about her decision not to have them. She spoke to the Guardian in 2010 saying: "Do I regret not having children? No. Do I ponder on it sometimes? Yes. "But there's no point in having regrets, it's a waste of energy. And I have wonderful nephews, nieces and great-nieces – including the actor Kelly Scott, who had a part in my series Vera." Express.co.uk also previously reported the star had said: "You hear people saying that they have just got to, but that never happened to me. "It did enter my head – not now, obviously – that I might think of adopting some. "Simply because they’re there and they need a home. "But if it had crossed my mind that I needed to have children, I would probably have gone down that route." DON'T MISS... Vera star pays tribute to 'amazing team' after missing episodeVera star Jon Morrison is actually younger than lead Brenda BlethynVera will be welcoming a brand new character to replace Dr Malcolm The star has also spoken out about her own childhood and she wondered how her mother coped with nine children. She told The Guardian in a separate interview: "We didn’t feel deprived. It’s only when you look back and see what we have now that you think, ‘Lord, how on earth did my mother manage with all of us, with one tap in the house, one sink?’ "I said to her once, ‘Are we poor?’ She said, ‘No, we just don’t have any money.’ "It was difficult. There were tough times. But we got tons of affection. You might be reprimanded severely for something, but there was laughter, cuddles, pride and support in equal measure.” The star has been married twice, having tied the knot with her first husband Alan Blethyn in 1964. The pair were together for nine years, having met while she was working for British Rail, before divorcing in 1973. She kept her first husband's surname as her professional name but has been with British art director Michael Mayhew since 1975. The 76-year-old was 64 when the pair married in 2010.  Vera airs on ITV on Sundays at 8pm.