Last year, Alya (played by Sair Khan) and Zeedan (Qasim Akhtar) didn’t step in to help Hashim (Vincent Ebrahim) when he suffered a heart attack in front of them. Although it looks as though their secret is about to be revealed in the ITV soap as Zeedan's wife Marrium (Kiran Landan) makes an unexpected return to Coronation Street. Viewers of the ITV soap will remember when Zeedan was being forced to launder money through the Speed Daal cash register by his gangster father-in-law. Despite trying to get out of the scheme, things escalated when Hashim forced his son-in-law to burn down the restaurant to claim money on the insurance. Although they told the police the blaze was the result of a chip fryer, the officers thought foul play was at hand and asked to see the accounts. While Yasmeen (Shelley King) was interviewed, Hashim turned up at the house and threatened the siblings, however, he started to suffer from a heart attack and he collapsed. READ MORE:Happy Valley writer worried over finale after star 'wasn't happy'   As Zeedan went to call for an ambulance, Alya stopped him, saying if he went away so did all of their problems which resulted in the duo watching him suffer on the floor. Although Ryan Connor (Ryan Prescott) burst in and forced them to call for help, they were too late as Hashim died. However, in scenes set to air next week, it looks as though Alya and Zeedan’s secret is about to be exposed. Dee-Dee Bailey (Channique Sterling-Brown) hopes to persuade Alya to return back to work following her recent stabbing.   As Yasmeen and Zeedan suggest it’s time to do her victim statement, Alya snaps at them both as she demands they leave her alone. Later on, Zeedan’s wife Marrium makes an unexpected return to Weatherfield as she goes to see her husband. Confronting him, she admits to knowing about her father and tells him she can’t believe they both did nothing and watched her Dad die. Worried at what this could mean, Zeedan begs her not to go to the police to turn them in.  DON'T MISS... Doctor Who boss Russell T Davies hints at 'thrilling' scenes [VIDEO] ITV viewers blast GMB's 'ludicrous' gender-neutral God debate [REACTION] Happy Valley star slapped in supermarket by stranger over role [HAPPY VALLEY]  Trying to resolve the matter, Alya finds Marrium in the cafe and decides to discuss what happened last year with Hashim. She tells her sister-in-law she’s as much to blame for her Dad’s death as Zeedan, however, Alya soon realises her brother is sacrificing his relationship to take care of her. With Marrium living in London, Alya later tells her brother she doesn’t need protection and decides to return to the restaurant to prove she’s back on her feet. However, her efforts seem to be wasted as Zeedan tells her that whether she likes it or not, he’s not going anywhere as family comes first.    Later on in the week, Marrium joins the family to celebrate Alya’s birthday dinner and as she enters the home Zeedan kisses his wife which sparks the question could they rekindle their relationship? A theory by Express.co.uk suggests Zeedan decides to take his sister's advice and make the move to London to be with Marrium. Although could Alya be suffering from a guilty conscious over Hasim after her own near-death experience? As she goes to the police to hand in her victim statement, could a confession be on the cards? Coronation Street continues on Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV from 8pm.   