Germany should “shut their damn mouths” on NATO spending, a conservative commentator at a leading US think tank has said. Heritage Foundation president Dr Kevin Roberts also took aim at Germany for its role in both World Wars during a wide ranging interview with journalists on Wednesday. His remarks come amid rising tensions with Berlin over demands for Washington to send more weaponry to Ukraine.  Dr Roberts said: "I will be clear, there needs to be some increase in defence spending on particular programmes that are the right munitions programmes, the right planes, the right tanks, whatever the materiel may be. "That needs to be tied to Congress, not the President of the United States, Congress telling our NATO allies 'it's time to pony up'. "And chief among them would not of course be your wonderful countrymen, who are as heroic as Americans at this, but our friends in Germany who not only say one thing and do the other but then they dane to wag their finger at the United States when they have sparked two World Wars in the last century. "I can't tell you how livid American conservatives, starting with me, are about that and Heritage is going to drive very hard until we see the Germans, in particular, forced by our Congress to pull their weight and shut their damn mouths." JUST IN: Give them the planes! Boris urges US to equip Ukraine with 'tools' to defeat Putin's army  American-German relations seemed to hit a high-point last week when President Joe Biden and Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced sending battle tanks to Ukraine. However, the announcement came following tense negotiations as Germany would only send tanks if the US followed suit. Jake Sullivan, US national security adviser, was also said to have read the "riot act" to the Chancellor's foreign policy adviser Jens Plotner. Despite initially citing logistic concerns, a White House official later said: “It was important to the President to preserve unity and deliver for Ukraine.”   Dr Roberts’ criticism comes after Berlin promised to meet NATO’s two percent spending target over the long-term. Germany has been renowned for falling short of the target but pledged to up military investment after Vladimir Putin launched Russia’s invasion against Ukraine. Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said last year: “We need this money without ifs or buts, and we need it for the long run so that the effort we are making with the 100 billion is not in vain. “We must prevent a situation where, in a few years, we cannot afford the maintenance of the equipment that we are purchasing now.” DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT]  Only nine out of 30 NATO members were expected to meet the two percent target in 2022, the House of Commons Library has revealed. Romania, France, North Macedonia, Montenegro, Bulgaria, Netherlands, Albania, Norway, Hungary, Italy, Portugal, Germany, Denmark, Czechia, Canada, Turkey, Slovenia, Belgium, Spain and Luxembourg were all estimated to miss the threshold. However, Berlin set out its own plans to boost defence spending to two percent of GDP through a £85 billion special fund for military equipment modernisation. Despite never reaching the target, Germany is currently the third largest contributor to NATO, after the United States and United Kingdom.  