Jeremy Corbyn is a Brexiteer in his "heart of hearts", according to his close ally Diane Abbott. The former shadow home secretary today said the ex-Labour leader is "anti-EU" and that it was the "one thing" that divided him from Sir Keir Starmer in the past. Ms Abbott told The News Agents podcast: "Well, they had a perfectly good relationship as far I knew, a perfectly friendly relationship. "The only thing that they differed on was that Jeremy, in his heart of hearts is a Brexiteer, and Keir Starmer at that point, was passionately pro-European." Pressed on whether Mr Corbyn really was a Brexiteer, she added: "Yes, I've known Jeremy a long time. "Remember in the 80s, when both of us were starting out in the party, Tony Benn, who was a huge hero to all of us, and a hero to the Labour Party grassroots, he was anti-EU. "He saw it as a conspiracy of business people and so on. So, that was the common view on the left in the 80s. And I think it's the view that Jeremy still held. "But Jeremy has always been about uniting the party, he knew most party members were pro-European. But himself, I would say, deep down he was a Brexiteer." But Ms Abbott insisted that Mr Corbyn, who was Labour leader from 2015 to 2020, would have voted for Remain in the EU referendum. The Hackney North and Stoke Newington MP added: "Because that was the policy of the party." Mr Abbott also argued that Mr Corbyn, who currently sits as an independent MP, should be able to stand for Labour at the next general election. Sir Keir - who has sought to distance himself from his predecessor - today said he will not allow the Islington North MP to run as a Labour candidate when the country takes to the polls next year. Ms Abbott said: "I would remind you of what Keir Starmer said, the day he was elected as leader, and what he said was, I want to pay tribute to Jeremy Corbyn, who led our party through some really difficult times, who energised our movement, and who's a friend as well as a colleague. "And he went on to say, and to all of our members, supporters and affiliates, I say this, whether you voted for me or not, I will represent you, I will listen to you and I will bring our party together. "And in that spirit, I think that Keir will let due process take its course. And as you know, Jeremy is a member of the Labour Party, and therefore it should be a matter for local party members to decide whether they want him to be their candidate or not." On whether he should stand as an independent if he cannot run for Labour, she added: "No, no. "Jeremy has been a member of the Labour Party from before either of you were alive. He has no intention of standing as an independent." Mr Corbyn was booted out of the Parliamentary Labour Party in October 2020 over his response to a report into anti-Semitism in the party. Earlier this month, the hardliner branded his suspension as "absurd and disgraceful". Asked if she agrees with Mr Corbyn, Ms Abbott said: "I think you have to show some empathy, when you've been a Labour Party member for as long as Jeremy has been, clearly it upsets you. "I mean, he's still a member of the Labour Party, but the whip has been withdrawn." Sir Keir has long indicated that Mr Corbyn will not stand again for Labour but today is the first time he confirmed the barring of his predecessor, who led the party to two election defeats. If Mr Corbyn decides to run as an independent candidate for the constituency he has represented for 40 years, Labour would come up against his personal popularity in Islington North as well as a potentially distracting row with the left-winger. It is understood that Mr Corbyn will speak to Labour members in his Islington North constituency before deciding his next steps. 