Lorraine Kelly had an interview scheduled with Adam Lambert, but was forced to go home just minutes before taking to the airwaves. She took to Twitter to express her disappointment, venting: "When you have to be sent home from work early in the morning because you are suddenly attacked by a hideous bug". She added that she was "beyond disappointed" as she'd been "looking forward to interviewing" her guest. "Beyond disappointed but imagine if I had infected him!!!!!!" the distraught TV host exclaimed. Eyeliner-wearing rocker Adam Lambert, who now plays with Queen as its honorary member, was expecting to meet the 63-year-old host for a chat this morning. She was planning to introduce fans to his new release - a cover of Billie Eilish's 'Getting Older'. READ NOW: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass David in pancake post The track comes hot on the heels of his other acclaimed solo tracks, 'Mad About The Boy', 'Ordinary World' and 'Holding Out For A Hero'. All are from his upcoming album, High Drama - and 'Getting Older' isn't the only cover version he's accomplished either. Fans can expect to hear a heartrending rendition of Lana del Rey's 'West Coast', alongside older classics such as the Ann Peebles track 'I Can't Stand The Rain'. Sadly, Lorraine succumbed to a sickness bug before she could so much as discuss his latest offerings.  She didn't disclose the nature of her illness, causing some to fear she might have contracted covid. Others suspected a form of norovirus, with @torrampaul agonising: "Hope it’s not that Winter Vomiting Bug that I had. It’s horrendous. "One minute I was fine, the next I was horrific!" The contagious sickness bug has been sweeping the country - and especially London - in recent weeks. DON'T MISS:Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE]  @VWViv joked: "I don’t know which I’d feel was worse…the bug or missing @adamlambert." However, it wasn't the first time Lorraine had chatted on air with the rocker. Over the Christmas season in 2021, for example, she'd been given the lowdown on his role on the ITV show Starstruck. The programme allowed members of the public to transform into their idols, such as Amy Winehouse, Lionel Richie and Freddie Mercury - and Adam was centre stage in helping them fulfil their dreams. He spoke of taking to the judging panel as guests battled it out for a cash prize for £50,000, alongside fellow stars Beverley Knight, Jason Mansford and Sheridan Smith. Meanwhile, Olly Murs was chosen as the show's host, and Adam had gushed to an enthused Lorraine of how the stars all had "incredible chemistry". This week's interview between the pair might have been cancelled, but fans simply urged her to book her guest a second time. The sickly star received plenty of celebrity support as she battled the mystery virus, including a goodwill message on Twitter from Aled Jones, who wrote: "Get well soon, lovely!"