Qatar have identified the need for more five-star hotels in Manchester if they’re successful in buying Manchester United, according to reports. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club. And though Sir Jim Ratcliffe has registered an interest, the British billionaire doesn’t appear to be a frontrunner for the fallen giants as Friday’s deadline approaches. Qatar recently hosted the World Cup, while Qatar Sports Investments are in charge of Paris Saint-Germain. But they’re now hoping to buy a Premier League club and Manchester United, it seems, are the one they’re eyeing. Qatar are determined to win the race for United and believe that, while they’ll face takeover opposition from some corners, they’re confident that can be overcome. And The Times say they’ve identified the need for more five-star hotels in Manchester should they end up getting their way. Individuals from the Middle East are believed to be separate from the QSI, meaning there’s no real obstacle to them taking charge. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Their airline already flies to Manchester and there’s chatter of what other changes they make should their bid be successful. Ratcliffe has already confirmed his interest in buying the Red Devils, having previously missed out on purchasing Chelsea. But it’s Qatar who, right now, are in the driving seat. Should they end up buying United, they’d be the third team in the Premier League to be state-owned - despite the controversy that brings. Manchester City were purchased by Abu Dhabi back in 2008 and, in the years since, have established themselves as one of the best teams on the planet. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And Saudi Arabia bought Newcastle towards the tail end of 2021, with Eddie Howe since excelling in the dugout over at St James’ Park. United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005. Sir Alex Ferguson initially ensured the trophies keep coming, with the Red Devils winning five Premier League titles in the years that followed. Since the Scot’s retirement, however, the silverware has dried up. United did win the FA Cup under Louis van Gaal, as well as the EFL Cup and Europa League during Jose Mourinho’s spell in the dugout. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet they’re on a run of six years without a trophy and many fans want the Glazers to go as a result. Former United star Gary Neville, meanwhile, recently outlined what he wants from any next owners of his old side. “Manchester United and Liverpool, our two biggest clubs in the country are going to be sold in the next few months, it’s huge news,” Neville told Sky Sports. “Obviously with what’s happening at this current moment in time, the regulator coming in, the news of Manchester City this week and the pressure on them, it is either going to be another US consortium, similar to the one that’s taken over at Chelsea, or it’s going to be a Middle Eastern group. “You’re fancying Oman, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Dubai, they’ve all been mentioned, and I think to me it comes down to no debt, no dividends, commitment to rebuild the stadium, rebuild the area around the stadium, the training ground. Rebuild the first team - invest heavily in the team. “Commitment to the fans and making sure that they’re involved and it’s affordable, all of those things are really important, and whoever comes in has to meet that commitment to pledges, the manifesto. "That’s the most important thing because the one thing we can never determine - us or anybody - is who the Glazers are going to sell to. “They’re going to sell to the people that offer them the most money.”