Qatar have emerged as strong suitors for Manchester United. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club after nearly 18 years in charge. And many are anticipating big developments in the coming weeks ahead, at a time where the Red Devils are starting to look like the real deal for the first time in years. Manchester United were purchased by the Glazers in 2005. They took over a team who were the most-successful in the country at the time, with Sir Alex Ferguson regularly winning silverware at Old Trafford. However, United have struggled in the years since the Scot’s departure - winning just three trophies during that time. According to the Daily Mail, Qatar are interested in a full takeover of the Red Devils and are confident they can oust the Glazers at long last. Express Sport now takes a look at their first four priorities in the event that a full takeover is completed by a consortium from the Middle East. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Old Trafford is a magical footballing ground, with United playing their home games there ever since 1910. Their first game was fittingly against rivals Liverpool, with the Red Devils making it a fortress under legendary bosses such as Ferguson and Sir Matt Busby. In recent years, however, it’s started to pale in comparison to the super-stadiums occupied by the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham. There’s been talk of United refurbishing Old Trafford as a result, something that won’t come cheap. And there’s even been chatter of the Red Devils knocking it down and starting afresh. United need to take action with their arena given how it’s shown signs of wear and tear in recent years, so this should be top of the priority list. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United have moved to improve Carrington, despite criticism from Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo told Piers Morgan back in November that he felt United’s training ground wasn’t good enough, and that he was shocked at the state it was in. United were stunned by his comments, especially after spending money on renovating their swimming pool, spa and first-team dressing room - among other things. But Carrington still needs work done to it. Qatar would need to green light spending on the training turf, while also making it attractive for any potential new signings. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract The Glazers have often shunted United fans to the side during their years in power. Supporters have often been an after-thought - consequently increasing the doom and gloom mood around the place since Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Sure, the Glazers have improved slightly since the failed European Super League plot of 2021. But they’re still guilty of not consulting die-hard supporters enough, which is unacceptable given the amount fans usually pay to watch their beloved club in action. Qatar have pledged to put fans at the forefront of their United operation - so that’s something they’d have to follow through with. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yes, United have spent close to a billion in the years since Ferguson walked off into the sunset. But those who follow the Red Devils will know the Glazers haven’t put any of their own cash into the club, only spending what their asset makes instead. Qatar’s final priority, therefore, should be opening the purse-strings and allowing United to spend freely. If they do so, then the world’s biggest names will surely be keen on the idea of being part of their project. Kylian Mbappe and Jude Bellingham are two superstars, in particular, who United admire. So why not dream big?