Looking younger is a dream for many and luckily, there are ways women can achieve this without cosmetic procedures or plastic surgery. General Practitioner at Beverly Hills Aesthetic and Wellness Dr Edris Farahbod exclusively shared with Express.co.uk his two favourite methods to achieve a younger look, and one of them can easily be performed at home. Dr Edris Farahbod said that facial yoga is one of the most effective methods to get a younger appearance and it significantly improves the skin. He explained how it works: "With facial yoga, it can have a nice effect similar to manual lymphatic drainage. "It can reduce that build-up lymphatic fluid you get overnight," he said although he warned women should not expect the same effect as a professional beauty treatment. "However, it’s not going to have the same tightening effect as something like laser or Morpheus8. For more obvious effects I would recommend Morpheus8. READ MORE: Woman breastfeeding her eight-year-old daughter says she won't stop  "This procedure allows better skin contouring and tightening as well as wrinkle reduction with a comfortable experience," he explained. Morpheus8 is a minimally invasive skin rejuvenation procedure that can achieve "remarkable results in anti-ageing, lifting and tightening loose skin," according to Quinn clinics. The treatment can be used to treat the face or body and it creates a "smoother, lifted and more youthful appearance". The process consists of micro-needling using 24 thin gold-coated micro pins to deliver radiofrequency to the skin.  The radio frequencies promote the production of new collagen and elastin, which is great to firm and remodel the skin. According to doctors at Quinn Clinics, facial areas including around the eye area and body areas including the abdomen can be treated with the non-invasive treatment. Although it has proved to be very effective, the beauty treatment is not cheap with one session costing £3,900 on average for the first visit. According to the expert, another very effective way to get a fresh look and youthful appearance is taking IV Drips for "supercharged skin". READ MORE: Look younger by adding 'ultimate' essentials to your winter style "There’s no surprise why IV Vitamin Therapy has been a popular treatment for many years because it boosts your immune system faster than say… taking medications or going to the clinic." IV Vitamin Therapy uses carefully formulated blends of vitamins, amino acids and minerals to treat all the skin's needs. The doctor added: "Whether you are looking for hangover cures, a stress buster or something to help you feel like yourself – I can see Vitamin Therapy becoming a bigger wellness trend in 2023." Dawn Attewell, a registered aesthetics nurse and founder of Dawn Attewell Aesthetics, also talked exclusively to Express.co.uk to share her thoughts. She agreed with Dr Edris Farahbod and said that "there are many ways one can improve their skin, be it beauty treatments like Morpheus8 which is all about skin tightening, or applying regular sunscreen". "I would recommend eating a varied and balanced diet including antioxidant-rich fruit and vegetables, exfoliating three times a week and building a fool-proof skincare routine," she added. Exfoliating massively helps achieve younger-looking skin as it evens out the skin tone making it look healthier, smooth and radiant.