With inflation resting in double digits since last September, millions of Britons kicked off the year by missing an essential payment, recent data has found. Missed payments come with consequences, however, there are ways to take back control of debt, and it all starts with a conversation. A recent poll from Which? revealed that around 2.3 million households missed paying an essential bill in January - an increase of 400,000 from December. The same study found that nearly 59 percent made at least one financial adjustment such as selling items, dipping into savings or cutting back on essentials, to cover their spending. This comes after grocery prices recently jumped by a record 16.7 percent compared to last year, indicating the largest hike since 2008, according to Kantar. The average food bill is now expected to rise by £788 this year – bringing the total amount to £5,504 – and for many, this may leave them living below their means to manage their finances in line with soaring living costs. Tim Chong, CEO of Yonder, commented: “It is clear the cost of living crisis is affecting households up and down the country." However, Mr Chong said: “The onus is now on businesses and financial providers to make customers aware of how best to manage their personal finances in order to weather the storm.”  READ MORE: Expert warns key 'drawback' of sharing joint bank account  Most importantly, Mr Chong noted, is that financial institutions should be informing people that if they are defaulting on their essential payments, there are steps that can be taken to prevent this and make these payments in manageable instalments. He told Express.co.uk: “What a lot of people don't know is that, if they talk to their providers and are open about their finances, their mortgage or credit card provider will work with them to make sure they can make their payments in a more manageable way. “The issue of defaulting on payments happens when people are afraid to be open with their providers and ignore the problem altogether, which will only exacerbate the situation.”  DON'T MISS: Woman shares 'great' method to earn an extra £1k a month in local pubs [EXPLAINED]Hopes the cost-of-living crisis is waning as inflation falls again [ANALYSIS]Britons could boost pension by £130,000 by giving it ‘a little love’ [INSIGHT]    For those falling behind on their credit card or mortgage payments, the most important thing to do is to let their provider know “as soon as possible”, Mr Chong said. He explained: “Banks and credit institutions have dedicated teams designed to help support customers whose financial circumstances have changed. The biggest mistake someone can make is ignoring their provider when they reach out to see if they need help." Providers can work with people to develop a payment plan to help pay back what they can afford over time. Mr Chong said: “There’s no shame when speaking to your provider to get help. They would prefer you pay back your bill over time than let you default and not pay it back at all.  READ MORE: Dad shares how to cook restaurant quality meals for just £1.25  “I would recommend that people look through their statements, see what payments can be made in full on the spot and what needs more time to be paid off over time and make these payments accordingly. “If you think you need help, or more time to make a payment, talking to your provider can help you feel in control of your finances and less overwhelmed by what you currently owe.” One particular challenge for many entering the new year has been paying off Christmas, but there are some simple steps that can help make these payments slightly easier to manage. Mr Chong said: “You can get started simply by writing down what you owe, figuring out what you are able to pay off each month and looking for other areas to reduce your spending while you pay off your Christmas bills. “This will mean you are managing these payments and paying them off monthly, and they will be paid off quicker if you had just ignored the payments in the first place.”  Paying off high-interest debt quickly can mean a person pays less interest overall, so figuring out how to tackle this first can also be a good point of call. Mat Megens, founder of the money management app HypeJar, said: “If you have a high-interest credit card, consider a zero percent balance transfer card so you don't have to pay interest at all.” Mr Megen also suggested people create a simple tracker to help with better money management. He said: “You need to know your exact ingoing and outgoing payments in order to track your spending efficiently. Add up all of your expenses so you know what's coming in and going out – the best way to do this is with a budget planner.” 