Lisa Riley, who is best known for her role as Mandy Dingle on Emmerdale, wowed fans after she underwent a lifestyle overhaul. The ITV favourite ditched the takeaways and junk food during her weight loss journey. The 46-year-old underwent a dramatic transformation going from a size 28 to a size 12 and lost 12 stone in the process. Over an 18-month period, the Mandy Dingle actress decided to embrace the gym and started eating more healthy foods. While Lisa lost an impressive amount of weight the small-screen star was left in distress as she was covered in painful folds of skin, weighing more than 1.5 stone. Speaking about the experience in her documentary, Lisa Riley's Baggy Body Club, the actress said she felt like a "saggy mess". READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson seen in public for first time after Meghan apology She said: "When I made the decision to lose weight, I never for one second imagined that I would end up looking like that. It never occurred to me that the loose skin would be so bad. "I thought why on earth have I lost all this weight? I looked worse than I did when I was obese. And it was the pain as well. The skin was flapping about and dragging." The Dales actress felt she had no choice but to go under the knife. In the documentary, which aired in 2017, she had a film crew capture those moments in a bid to highlight the issues that overweight people can experience.  "I wanted to show the brutality of it. In life, you can't sympathise or have empathy with anybody unless you can see it," Lisa commented. "If I can help one person, and I know I have helped thousands, then for me it has been worthwhile." To keep the weight off, Lisa needed to workout, but experienced pain from her loose skin. Despite being terrified of surgery, the soap star decided made the decision to have surgery. DON'T MISS... James Jordan ignores 'woke' parents after daughter hit[LATEST]Ashley Roberts captivates in red dress as she dares to go braless[PICTURES]Kate Garraway turns heads in flares after 'tricky' time at home[UPDATE] She said: "The night before the surgery, I was so petrified everybody thought I wasn't going to go through with it. "Nobody made me eat 50 Twix bars, or a whole packet of sausages at one sitting. I did that to myself. No one made me not go to the gym. "Some weeks I was probably having seven takeaways a week. I did that to myself. I have to take responsibility for that." Lisa had four operations - the Mirror reports - including a tummy tuck which left her with vertical and horizontal scars, surgery to remove the loose skin from her thighs, a boob lift and the removal of her "bingo wings". It took Lisa several long, painful months to recover from the surgery, which she insisted is no easy route to a slim physique. The TV star admitted she now plans her meals and has ditched the pastries, crisps and cakes. Instead, she admitted people are surprised when she orders a sparkling water at restaurants instead. Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm.