Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be invited to attend King Charles III’s Coronation on May 6. Invitations to the Westminster Abbey ceremony will reportedly be sent out in the next few weeks. However, a recent Express.co.uk poll has revealed that a staggering 95 percent of readers do not want the Duke of Sussex to attend.  A Whitehall source previously told Express.co.uk that plans are underway to invite the Duke and Duchess of Sussex while ensuring they do not distract from the King and Queen Consort, Camilla’s occasion. They said: “They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible — without any drama.” The couple stepped back from their duties as senior royals in 2020 and have since relocated to the US, where they are raising their two children, three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet. They have made a series of allegations against the Firm in their six-part Netflix docuseries released in December, and in Harry’s tell-all memoir published last month. Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield said in an interview with GB News that inviting Harry and Meghan was a necessity. She said: “Reality is this had to be done. This was going to be a PR nightmare if King Charles did not invite Harry and Meghan to the Coronation.” READ MORE: Harry & Meghan Coronation attendance on brink over atmosphere concern In a poll that ran from 9.30am on Wednesday, January 11, to 1pm on Wednesday, February 15, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Prince Harry attend King Charles’s Coronation?” Overall, a whopping 33,124 votes were cast, with a staggering 95 percent (31,306 people), answering “no” Harry should not attend the Coronation. Just five percent (1,624 people) said “yes” he should attend, and 194 people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed whether Harry should travel to the UK and reunite with the Royal Family in May. The overwhelming argument from readers was against Harry and his wife Meghan attending the Coronation, with username Euroroi remarking: “Their attendance would completely ruin the occasion.” Another, username sally88rider said: “Keep them away! They would ruin the entire event.” Username Milly_Jones added: “No, he shouldn't be allowed anywhere near Charles’s Coronation.” And username granny22 said: “Absolutely not. They have no respect for their family or the Monarchy. They are not welcome in the UK.” And username Yorkshire lass 2 said: “Absolutely not. It is a state occasion, not a family occasion. It would be embarrassing to the country and Monarchy to have him there after what he has said in his book and recent interviews.” DON'T MISS: Diana designer says Harry 'should be checked for a wire' at Coronation [LATEST]Eugenie 'broke ranks' by joining Harry for Super Bowl Event [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan 'undecided' over attending King Charles's Coronation [UPDATE] Other readers commented that the Coronation is a state event and should not be treated as a family occasion. Likewise, username Suerob said: “The Coronation is a state event, for the King and the people of the UK. It’s not a family get-together. Username olly smyth agreed, writing: “He should not be invited to it. It is a state event paid for by the taxpayers. It is not a family event.” While username keke in the hole said: “I hope they don’t attend...It takes away from the ceremony at hand. I felt that way about the Jubilee and the Queen's funeral.” Royal author Allison Pearson recently expressed concern about the prospect of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex attending the ceremony. She wrote in an opinion piece for The Telegraph: “It’s certainly not what the British people want.” She continued: “In fact, there is a real worry that we will think a lot less of our new Monarch should he be seen to capitulate to an ungrateful couple who have insulted both our country and the institution Charles now embodies.” A minority of readers thought that Harry should attend but his presence should be minimal. Username ria70 commented: “If they are invited they need to sit with ordinary people. They definitely do not need to be with Royal Family.” Similarly, username Shaz65 said: “Don’t want them but if they must be there, put them at the back.”  While username montgomery suggested: “The only way he should be allowed to attend is if he and Meghan both sign a non-disclosure agreement.” One source told People that Charles would like Harry to attend. They said: “It is such a momentous occasion for Charles, and he would want his son to be at the coronation to witness it. He has had a reputation as a distant parent, and it would be awful for him for that to continue." Royal commentator Afua Hagan has also claimed that Harry will make the effort and attend the Coronation as he is set on making amends with the Royal Family. She said: “Attending the Coronation is the first step on the road to reconciliation.” Harry last visited the UK in September, where he attended the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II. Since leaving the Firm he has only returned a handful of times for events including the unveiling of a statue of his mother Princess Diana at Kensington Palace and Platinum Jubilee celebrations.