Sex Education is one of Netflix's most popular series, with the students of Moordale capturing the hearts of fans all over the world. And it's not long until the hit show will be back on fans’ screens with the fourth season, but leading cast member and new Doctor Who star Ncuti Gatwa has announced this season will be his last. Gatwa has thanked his cast members and fans for “all the lessons” after he confirmed he is leaving the Sex Education crew.The actor took to Instagram on Wednesday to announce his departure from the show with a kind message to fans.Gatwa snapped a picture from his trailer, as he spent his very last day filming on set.In the touching post, he wrote: “Last day. Last time. Bye bubs, thank you for all the lessons and for all the strength.” READ MORE: The Bachelor fans outraged promo clip 'exposes' next bachelorette Fans were quick to fill Gatwa’s comment section with comments venting their sadness because of the revelation.Co-star @Aimeelouwood who plays Aimee Gibbs commented: “My heart hurts so badly."  Many other fans left sad and crying-faced emojis underneath his post to express their upset at the news.The actor also shared an Instagram story and wrote: “Goodbye forever baby boy. Thank you for all you taught me.”Gatwa played Eric Effiong on the show, as Otis' (played by Asa Butterfield) best friend, the pair have been inseparable throughout the course of the previous three seasons as they navigated their way through their awkward teenage years at Moordale. But it’s not the last fans will see of Gatwa as the star confirmed last year that he will be taking over as the new Doctor on the BBC’s long-running sci-fi program Doctor Who. DON'T MISS:Outer Banks' Madelyn Cline discusses working with ex Chase Stokes Stranger Things season 5 release: Finn Wolfhard drops new updateThe Late Late Show with James Corden's replacement confirmed The actor gave fans a first look into his Doctor Who costume in December last year.Posing in a brown and black chequered suit with an orange jumper underneath the Sex Education star stood proud in his new gear.Gatwa also shared a snap with his co-star Milly Peterson, who is set to play The Doctor's companion Ruby Sunday, with the duo’s first scenes set to air later this year. As for Sex Education, it was confirmed the show was officially back in production in August of 2022. No release date has been confirmed yet but Jim Howick revealed in August that they're expecting to film all the way through to February 2023, so it could be a while until the popular show is back on fans’ screens.It is expected to see the return of Gillian Anderson as Dr Jean Milburn, Asa Butterfield's Otis, Emma Mackey as Maeve and other cast favourites in the upcoming season.Sex Education seasons 1-3 are streaming on Netflix.