Manchester United's owners the Glazers have reportedly received a new offer from Genevra Associates with the consortium looking to buy a minority stake in the club. The development comes as a blow to both Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani who until this point had been the only parties to have publically registered their interest.  United were first put on the market in November after the Glazer family announced that it was 'commencing a process to explore strategic alternatives' for the club. Options ranging from bringing 'new investment into the club, a sale, or other transactions involving the company' were to be considered with interested parties invited to come forward. A full sale was widely considered to be the most likely outcome however recent reports have suggested that the Glazers would be open to maintaining control by only selling a minority stake, something that looks like it is increasingly possible. The soft deadline for bids passed two weeks ago with the Raine Group expected to go back to interested parties in the coming days. Luxembourg-based hedge fund Genevra Associates will be among this number according to AP News after putting themselves forward as potential candidates. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Potter told to get rid of eight players in brutal verdict  The group's offer would allow the Glazers to maintain overall control of the club and they are keen to work with the current owners on their bid if certain conditions are met. The hedge fund has told fans they intend to keep them up to date on all the latest developments via social media with founding partner Shah Farsi pledging to act as a force for reformation. “We understand that United fans have been rightfully frustrated over the last several years," he said. "Our aim is to act as the force of reformation that harmonizes the interests of the owners and the fans and push for some much-needed transformation at the club. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumesArsenal could sign three PSG stars with owners 'looking to slash £645m wage bill'Benni McCarthy played role in Sir Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub  "We have received a number of solid commitments over the recent weeks and we hope to transform that into a unique win-win opportunity for all those involved.” The growing speculation that the Glazers could be set for an extended stay has not gone down well on the markets with the club's share price plunging by 10 per cent on the New York stock exchange. The Americans are demanding a bid of more than £5billion if they were to sell up, a figure that has not been reached by any of the interested parties. It remains to be seen what will happen in the coming weeks with the saga continuing to drag on.