David de Gea has seemingly aired his frustrations with referee Andre Marriner after Manchester United's nervy 2-1 win against Crystal Palace on Saturday. United moved third in the Premier League with the triumph at Old Trafford, but questionable decisions marred the occasion again. The Theatre of Dreams has become accustomed to polarising decisions in recent weeks. United profited from a controversial offside call in the Manchester derby last month, with Marcus Rashford adjudged not impacting play for Bruno Fernandes' equaliser from an offside position. But against Reading in the FA Cup last weekend, Andy Carroll went unpunished for a high challenge on Christian Eriksen, which has ruled the Dane out for three months. And Saturday's Premier League encounter with Palace caused even more fury, with United feeling the officiating almost cost them three points against Patrick Viera's side. De Gea wasted no time in sharing his outrage, posting a suggestive GIF on Twitter just minutes after returning to the United dressing room at full-time. It showed a vintage Jose Mourinho moment when the former Red Devils boss said, "If I speak, I'm in big trouble" after disagreeing with refereeing decisions during his years in the Premier League. DON'T MISS: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp admits he 'can't explain' Wolves thrashing United were cruising at 2-0 after goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford on either side of half-time. But the course of the game turned on its head after the hour mark when Casemiro was, rightly, shown a straight red card for grabbing Will Hughes by the throat during a huge scuffle between the two sides. It was sparked by Jeffrey Schlupp shoving Antony off the pitch and into the trench, to which the Brazilian winger reacted furiously. However, further footage has shown that Jordan Ayew also grabbed Fred by the throat in the scrap between several United and Palace players. And despite VAR prompting Marriner to dismiss Casemiro, it ignored the second incident, which will likely have also sent Palace down to 10 men. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Another incident later in the game, as United were hanging on to a 2-1 lead, saw Marriner blow for a foul after Marcel Sabitzer seemingly made a perfectly legal tackle in the hosts' half. In his post-match press conference, Erik ten Hag shared his frustration with 'inconsistent' refereeing since his arrival in England. He said: "Casemiro crossed the line. You saw that. However, I'm unhappy with the inconsistent refereeing, not only in this game but also at Palace. "They elbowed Martine [at Selhurst Park]. And then last week with Eriksen [against Reading]. A lot of other players crossed the line, including some Crystal Palace players. VAR didn't intervene with them." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing!