Near the end of the show, the Loose Women ladies discussed the comeback of the original 60s party drink and their favourite choice of drink when they were younger. Their reminiscing soon turned their stomachs over after Janet made a cheeky bedroom confession, involving too many Bloody Mary's and a waterbed. Kicking off the segment, Coleen brought out the ladies' drinks of choice which included a snowball for Jane, a WKD for Coleen, a pot of tea for Linda and cooking sherry for Janet. Wanting to explain her drink of choice, Janet began: "The reason I've got cooking sherry, it was the only drink I had easy access to. "I was too young, I was about 14 and I think my granny or my mum had a bottle of it, so I swigged it and I thought 'Oh, I don't really like it'." Linda added of her first experience with alcohol: "Well the first drink I ever drank, was when I was probably about 15 or 16. READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series "It was the first time I went into a pub, we walked up to the bar and all you had to do then was remember the year you were born in. "They asked what we wanted for a drink and Pauline said a Cinzano and lemonade and I went 'I'll have the same as her' and that was it, I drank that for about five years." Janet interrupted before making her cheeky confession: "I could never really drink babycham. This was my starter drink and I quickly moved on to vodka and tonic and then Bloody Mary's. "I thought I was so chic with the Bloody Mary's. Anyway, we are talking back in the 1960s, I bought a water bed because it was going cheap. "I had overdosed on the Bloody Mary's and in the middle of the night I found myself being very very sick." Innocently, Coleen teased: "Awww, it's like seasick," before Janet added: "Well, obviously if you combine sex and a waterbed, the waves come back to hit you." Coleen turned to the audience stunned by the confession, whilst Jane shut her down: "This has gone very very dark... very dark." Not getting the hint they were uncomfortable with her confession, Janet continued: "No, basically a Bloody Mary is not the drink if you are going to be violently sick. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [WATCH]Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [LATEST]Prince Harry branded 'delusional' for wanting King Charles apology [INSIGHT] "Because I was crying that I had a terminal illness, so my sex life suffered and also I was knocked out by it." Still in shock, Coleen quipped: "I'm a bit speechless, I need another drink. You have made me feel sick with that water bed story, you must have drifted apart!" Viewers of the show took to their Twitter to discuss Janet's racy comments and their drink of choice from their youth. @Mabel_Mouse_ commented: "Anyone else just been put off their lunch with Janet’s sex, vomiting, water bed story? #LooseWomen." @Flat__l1ned expressed: "Too much information, Janet #SexWaterbedAndSick #Loosewomen @sammysandwch said: "Babysham is making a comeback. I’m so glad it is, bit nostalgic, but lovely chilled and I remember that cherry on the cocktail stick. Just bring back Enver Cream sherry now too." @DdubEternalLove added: "Cherry B was a old classic #LooseWomen." @cat51chlo14 admitted: "Blue WKDs used to get me off my t**s. I was even puking up blue once after too many! #loosewomen." Elizabeth Davies tweeted: "Diamond White - the drink of my youth - and the ‘rose’ counterpart Diamond Blush #LooseWomen." (sic) Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.