King Charles III will face a "protest" from anti-Monarchists organised by the campaigning group Republic when he visits Milton Keynes tomorrow. The King will be in Bedfordshire to celebrate Milton Keynes gaining city status, with a celebratory reception to be held at Church of Christ the Cornerstone. Speaking about the protest, a spokesman for Republic told Express.co.uk: "Republic is concerned about recent police harassment of peaceful protesters at royal events. We're determined to get the message across that it's ok to protest against the royals. "Instead of a pointless coronation, we need a serious public debate. "We believe the British public should be asked, do you want Charles or a choice? The tide is starting to turn against the monarchy and we need a serious debate about its future." This comes as a number of anti-Monarchy protesters have been arrested since Charles ascended the throne last September.  On September 11 2022, just days after the death of Queen Elizabeth II, a man was arrested in Oxford for saying "who elected him?" during the reading of a proclamation declaring Charles to be the new King. While he was later de-arrested, on the same day in Edinburgh a woman was arrested and later charged for holding up a sign saying "f*** imperialism, abolish monarchy". The following day a man in Parliament Square was questioned by police and asked to give his details for holding up a blank piece of paper, on the assumption he would have used it to express republican sentiments. READ MORE: Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf to undergo heart surgery The man in question, Paul Powesland, who works as a barrister, said he had been threatened with arrest under the Public Order Act if he were to write "Not my King" on it, in case he offended someone. He told The Guardian at the time: "I speak in a certain way, was dressed in a certain way and understood the law, but someone else might have been in a different situation. "Normally, you can get into trouble for shouting, but if you have something written that is super-factual and which is not abusive, then you would normally think that you are protected. It’s pure free speech. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry issued warning by expert they may be 'too polarising' [LATEST]Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore [REVEAL]Harry & Meghan Coronation attendance on brink over atmosphere concern [UPDATES] "I think the idea that he could arrest me and that there could be a conviction under the Public Order Act was ludicrous, but interventions like that are having a chilling effect. "I didn’t hold up the sign in the end because I have to work tomorrow and could not afford to be detained. A lot of other people might simply be chilled into not protesting." Civil advocacy group Liberty raised concerns about the treatment of republican protesters by police. Buckingham Palace has not commented about the protest.