June and Len both 71-years-old represent Forever Living Products which sells aloe vera products. The couple first started with the company back in 2003 as a side hustle alongside their full time jobs, but have since retired and now work just a few hours a day to top up their pensions. Former receptionist June said the extra money they get from their part-time business allows them to enjoy their retirement years. She told Express.co.uk: “Back in 2003 Len and I were wondering how we could increase our monthly income around our full time jobs and one of his work colleagues mentioned a company called Forever Living and how they offered an opportunity to earn a part time income, in a very flexible way. “In our early years, we fitted our direct selling business into the 'nooks and crannies' of time that we had around our full time jobs. It generally tended to be early evenings after work. “I left my full time job as a receptionist for a law firm in the summer of 2004, so was able to spend more time on our Forever Living business. Len continued doing his full-time job until the end of 2006.” READ MORE: DWP urges state pensioners to check whether they could get £92 a week After putting in a lot of hard work in the beginning, June said they now only spend a few hours each morning on the business and earn around £950 per month. She added: “Of course, as in any business some months are better than others, but we are in control of that. “The flexibility of direct selling is key for us. It gave us more time to care for our ageing parents and freedom to do the things we really enjoy. “If the weather looks good one day we can suddenly decide to go out and do something.” DON'T MISSMartin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [ALERT]Top 3 high interest easy access, fixed and regular savings accounts [UPDATE]Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy [WARNING]   The option of being able to go away at the last minute for a few days is also something they appreciate. June continued: “Technology these days means that we can keep in touch with customers and our lovely team when we wish or need to. “It’s made a huge difference to our ‘pension years’ and given us some extra financial security on top of pension income. “Over the years the extra income has enabled us to do so many things, new cars, lots of days out and weeks away in the UK. We’ve treated family and friends too.”   The extra income has helped the couple experience some amazing things they wouldn’t have been able to afford otherwise. “We’ve enjoyed extended trips to Las Vegas and Yosemite Park,” June explained. “We’ve also stayed in the Marina Bays Sands hotel in Singapore and enjoyed a week’s Safari in South Africa.” Forever Living is a member company of the Direct Selling Association, a recognised trade body for direct selling companies in the UK, which gave the couple added assurance. The DSA said the number of over 65s direct selling has almost doubled in the last year with many of the UK’s half a million pensioners doing so to top up their pensions.   Many people are considering taking up side hustles in order to earn more during the cost of living crisis. While direct selling may not be for everyone, New Retirement has come up with 20 options for retirees: 