Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may finally be able to use a starting line-up he's yet to use this season with Virgil van Dijk, Roberto Firmino and Diogo Jota all returning from injury and taking part in team training this week. It's been a disastrous season so far for Liverpool as they currently sit 10th in the table and the Champions League is their only chance of silverware after being knocked out of the Carabao Cup and FA Cup. None of Klopp's go-to superstars have managed to find any momentum this season with Mohamed Salah even going through a goal drought. But the lack of momentum hasn't been helped by the ongoing injury crisis Klopp has had to deal with all season. Jota has been limited to just four league appearances all year due to two separate injury issues while the likes of Ibrahima Konate, Van Dijk, Luis Diaz and Firmino have also missed large chunks of the season. Injuries to Jota, Firmino and Diaz appeared to push Liverpool into the January market to bring in Cody Gakpo from PSV. However, it's been noticeable in recent weeks just how little squad depth Klopp has at his disposal at the moment to try and change things off the bench in games that are going against them. Last week's defeat to Wolves saw Harvey Elliott, Jordan Henderson, James Milner, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kostas Tsimikas come on as the five substitutes.  But Klopp could get a boost just in time for the Merseyside derby on Monday with Jota, Firmino and Van Dijk seemingly in contention to return to the team. Arthur Melo was also pictured in team training on Thursday to put him in contention of making a return. Klopp will be cautious about putting them back in straight away, particularly after both Arthur and Jota's long injury lay offs. However, it's a sign that things could soon change for the Liverpool boss with a Champions League last-16 tie against Real Madrid on the horizon. Liverpool could soon form a line-up they are yet to try this season with Jota, Darwin Nunez, Salah and Firmino all potentially being named in the starting XI together soon. Klopp has missed Firmino's presence in attack to provide that link with the midfield and the Brazilian has adopted a deeper role this year as a No 10.  While Liverpool were struggling for form as a whole, Firmino was one of a few bright sparks for Klopp before the World Cup break with seven goals in just 11 league starts. Stefan Bajcetic has impressed in midfield in recent weeks since being given a chance and he too could hold his place alongside Thiago Alcantara as the holding duo behind Firmino. Konate is yet to rejoin training but is expected back soon, meaning he could partner Van Dijk in the heart of defence in the near future. Diaz is still a few weeks away from making his return, but it doesn't look like it will be long until Klopp has his full squad available once again. And Klopp will be hoping the returning players can give his side a much-needed boost for the business end of the season. Liverpool's potential new XI after injuries: Alisson; Alexander-Arnold, Gomez, Van Dijk, Robertson; Thiago, Bajcetic; Jota, Firmino, Salah; Nunez