Ferrari team principal Frederic Vasseur has predicted tension around Mohammed ben Sulayem and the FIA will “disappear” when the new season begins. Ben Sulayem has been embroiled in a series of feuds with F1 bosses as apathy among team bosses increases. However, the new Ferrari boss claims he is “convinced” the debate will be silenced when manufacturers begin focusing on the racing in Bahrain. He said: “I'm really convinced that as soon as we put the cars on track, this will disappear a little bit off the screen. "For sure we'll have discussions but, as always, I hope that we'll be able to stay focused on the sporting side.” His comments come after Sky Sports host Craig Slater admitted team officials have “issues” with Ben Sulayem’s style of leadership. He also stressed that F1 bosses felt Ben Sulayem’s recent remarks on a possible Saudi Arabian takeover were an “overstep” and “unacceptable”. READ MORE: FIA and F1 hold talks as team bosses ‘have issues’ with Ben Sulayem It comes after the FIA president recently claimed a possible £16billion ($20bn) price tag on a possible Saudi Arabian takeover bid was “inflated”. Liberty Media fired back at the comments and even threatened legal action over the remarks. This led Ben Sulayem to retaliate that the series was simply on loan to the current commercial rights holders. F1 wrote a letter to the FIA outlining their concerns but have apparently received no reply. Meanwhile, drivers have also called out Ben Sulayem over plans to silence driver protests ahead of races in 2023. The FIA boss claimed F1’s stars should use their voices on social media and just focus on driving during race weekends. DON'T MISSHelmut Marko slams FIA over new rule change set to impact Hamilton [INSIGHT]Christian Horner calls out Ben Sulayem amid uncertainty over Andretti [ANALYSIS]F1 bosses 'could sack FIA chief Mohammed ben Sulayem' amid civil war [COMMENT] The new rule will likely affect Lewis Hamilton who passionately campaigns for causes ahead of Grands Prix. The changes led Valtteri Bottas to suggest the FIA wanted to "control” drivers in an incendiary dig at the governing body. German site Sport1 has since suggested that Ben Sulayem’s position could be under threat. There is apparently a push to replace the former rally legend with ex-Prodrive leader David Richards. Slater explained: “There is still this friction, maybe Mohammed ben Sulayem seems to be gesturing one way and Formula One and the drivers to an extent in some areas are pulling in another direction. And that will have to be resolved in the short term for the sport to function properly.”