What do the richest people in the world have in common? According to astrology research by Cashfloat, billionaires are most likely to be one of four specific star signs. Cashfloat had a deep dive into the birthdays of the top 300 billionaires in the world. The results are based on 268 birthdays, as specific birthdays could not be found. When it comes to billionaire status, Libra came out on top with 32 of the top 268 billionaires being born under this star sign. Pisces ranked in second place, with 29 of the top 300 billionaires born under this sign. Capricorn was surprisingly the least successful sign when it comes to the top 300 billionaires, although Jeff Bezos still claims the third top spot worldwide, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. READ MORE: 'Lucky charms' for all 12 signs of the zodiac  Forbes Top 300 Billionaires Horoscope Breakdown So why are some star signs more likely to top the billionaires list than others? According to Cashfloat, Libra is likely to be an excellent boss, which definitely helps when trying to bring in the big bucks. Libra is described as a "balanced sign" and "likeable leader", with people skills and a fair attitude. "The first Libra on the list is Alice Walton ranking 18th with a net worth of $65.3 billion (around £54.31 billion) at the age of 72. "Alice is the only daughter of Walmart founder Sam Walton, making her now the second richest woman in the world." READ MORE: Prince William will sign 'new business deal' - claims  Second most popular billionaire Pisces is "creative and passionate", both important qualities when it comes to money making. This sign also finds "success and satisfaction in working closely with others". Piscean entrepreneur Bernard Arnault is currently the richest person in the world, with a net worth of $196billion (around £163billion). "Bernard is the co-founder, chairman, and chief executive of the world's largest luxury goods company LVMH including Louis Vuitton and Sephora." Taureans, including FaceBook CEO and billionaire Mark Zuckerberg - 13th on the list - are known for being "intelligent, dependable, hardworking and dedicated". The fourth most likely star sign for a top 300 billionaire to be was Leo. Leo is the "natural leader of the zodiac", and "ambition and confidence" are two of their most distinctive qualities, claimed Cashfloat. Co-founder of Google Sergey Brin, who comes in at number eight on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, is unsurprisingly a Leo.