Yellowstone prequel 1923 is returning for one last outing before the first season comes to an end. As Duttons face off against Donald Whitfield and Banner Creighton, Spencer’s journey back to America faces more complications. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is expected to be in the cast. Runs His Horse is the chief of the Broken Rock Reservation and Teonna's father. After having a difficult start in life, he has not seen his daughter for a long time. However, after hearing she had escaped from the catholic school, he attempted to track her down. He is played by Michael Spears, a 45-year-old American actor who is a member of the Kul Wicasa Oyate Lakota Lower Brulé Tribe of South Dakota. He has worked with Yellowstone star Kevin Costner before, having starred in Dances with Wolves. His other credits include Z Nation, Longmire and Reservation Dogs. READ MORE: 1923 star admits she's 'confused' by Dutton family tree Arthur is a decorated British lord and the father of Alexandra's former fiancé. As her former fiancé appeared at the end of episode seven, Arthur may have a few words to say about how things have turned out. He is played by Bruce Davison, a 76-year-old American actor and director. The star is known for his roles in the horror film Willard and Longtime Champion. Chadwick Benton is an attorney hired by Whitfield to represent Banner who is in custody. He is played by Currie Graham, a 55-year-old Canadian stage, film and TV actor. His credits include NYPD Blue, Suddenly Susan, Westworld and The Rookie. In 2022 he had a recurring role in the series Reacher as the villain Kliner Sr. DON'T MISS... 1923’s Harrison Ford ‘excited’ to return for season 2 Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner to have ‘seismic exit’ after season 5 Derek Chavez remembered in 1923 title card as star dies aged 32 Banner found himself locked up about the Duttons told the sheriff about the shootout. However, he is determined he will be set free soon with the help of Whitfield and his contacts. He is played by Jerome Flynn, a 59-year-old actor and singer. He is known for his roles in Game of Thrones, Ripper Street and Soldier Soldier. Also expected to return for the final are Timothy Dalton as Donald Whitfield and Brandon Sklenar as Spencer Dutton. Viewers should see Aminah Nieves as Teonna Rainwater and Julia Schlaepfer as Alexandra. Of course, Helen Mirren and Harrison Ford will return as Cara and Jacob Dutton. Fans should also see Darren Mann as Jack Dutton and Michelle Randolph as Elizabeth.  1923 airs on Sundays and Mondays on Paramount Plus