An RSPCA investigation has been launched after a video emerged online which appeared to show a man hitting a dog with a riding crop. The shocking footage was tweeted by an anti-hunting group following a hunt in Somerset. The man, who was dressed in traditional hunt clothing of a red riding jacket and white trousers, lifted his arm and appeared to strike the dog, according to the Mendip Hunt Sabs, who posted the video. They called it "a horrible act of cruelty" at the Mendip Farmers' Hunt. However, a spokesperson for the hunt said the footage had been "highly edited" and the man was simply trying to stop the dog from chasing a wild mammal. They said the video was taken during lawful hunting activities, Somerset Live reports.   The Hunt Sabs group describes itself as "dedicated to protecting wildlife from local hunts" in the Mendips area and beyond. Their post read: "Despite filming from a distance, the hound can be heard yelping in pain. "This disgusting attack shows the total lack of respect these thugs have for any animals and fully disproves the myth that they 'love their hounds'." The post was reported to the RSPCA, and the official account for England and Wales replied: "We are aware of this incident and how shocking the video footage is to watch. "Rest assured that we are taking the appropriate action and will be investigating further. Thank you!" The hunt normally meets on a Wednesday and Saturday in the season, but sometimes members ride out during the week. The video is believed to have been taken at Smitham Hill on Friday, February 24. A spokesperson for the Mendip Farmers’ Hunt said: "The hunt was trail hunting and conducting lawful hunting activities. "The footage, which has been highly edited, does not show how the hound was actually being prevented from pursuing a wild mammal." The hunt website reads: "Mendip Farmers' Hunt country is varied and includes something for everyone; from our famous stone walls on the Mendip Hills to the open ground and ditches on the Somerset Levels. "It is fabulous country to ride to hounds or to follow on foot; whether experienced or a newcomer to hunting." 