Alejandro Davidovich Fokina admitted he was left close to tears after seeing his Montpellier opponent Ugo Humbert suffer a horror fall during their first-round match. The French wildcard went down at the side of the court during the second set tiebreak after winning the opener and could barely move afterwards, retiring the match when he lost the breaker. Humbert was flying in his opening match at the Open Sud de France on Wednesday, taking the opening set 6-1 against the fifth seed. But Davidovich Fokina fought back and forced a tiebreak in the second set where the 25-year-old fell in awful scenes after chasing down a ball from one side of the court to the other while 1-4 down. The wildcard rolled onto the floor and stayed down as his opponent rushed over to make sure he was alright, in an emotional moment that saw Humbert cling to Davidovich Fokina’s arm. The world No 85 received treatment and decided to continue playing but could barely move, losing the second set 7-6(2) before retiring. After Davidovich Fokina advanced to the second round, he admitted that he had to try not to cry after seeing one of his “friends” in distress. “I’ve known Ugo since we were kids,” the 23-year-old said in his on-court interview. JUST IN: Tsitsipas and co receive dig as Spanish star has brutal rankings claim     As the Spaniard tried to continue speaking, he was then left fighting back the tears and interrupted himself, telling the French crowd: “I’m going to cry because I was watching him cry. I’ve known him since we were kids, I know him very well and it’s never easy to see a friend like this. “You know, he just flew on the court and I was like, something’s happened because he was crying and I was like… It’s tough." Meanwhile, Humbert offered an update on his injury in an Instagram story later on Wednesday as he claimed it was likely he hadn’t broken a bone. DON'T MISSTennis star smashes three rackets in extraordinary fit of rageNovak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal included on Indian Wells entry listUkrainian issues plea over Russia ban with tennis not 'taking action' “Thank you for all your messages of support, it warms my heart,” he wrote. “Nice fall but nothing broken, I’m confident. Coming exams in the next few days.” The former world No 25 also reposted a video of Davidovich Fokina admitting he had been trying not to cry, adding: “Gracias Foki for your kind words.” 