Scones are a staple ingredient for afternoon tea but the cost of buying them ready-made can set you back around £2 for just one pack. Making them from scratch is incredibly easy and much more cost-effective whether you like yours sweet or savoury. And Rick Stein has the perfect recipe to try this weekend. While he's best known for his love of seafood, pastries, pies and homemade bakes are other specialities in the TV chef's remit of recipes. And when it comes to savoury flavours Rick's cheese and chive-packed scones are not to be missed as a weekend treat. The inexpensive and popular combination of ingredients makes for the perfect snack to enjoy warm or cold, and they're easy to make too. Demonstrating the recipe in series two of his hit series Rick Stein's Cornwall, he described the scones as "very nice and savoury" with a "sharp edge". READ MORE: Mum’s simple method for 'super crispy bacon' in under 5 minutes For eight to 10 scones, you need: DON'T MISS...Low sugar recipes to satisfy your sweet cravings using root vegetable [INSIGHT]Fried egg method 'you didn't know you needed' for perfect eggs [REVEAL]Chef Lisa Marley shares key to 'extremely crispy' roast potatoes [RECIPE] As with most baked goods, these scones will cook best in a preheated oven so start by setting it to 210C or 190C for a fan appliance. Ingredients are also crucial for the best flavours, so Rick recommended using "good mature cheddar" over your favourite brands, though he likes to use Davidstow Cheddar. Once you have grated the cheese and chopped your fresh chives, you can make a start on the "quick bread". Do this by sifting together the flour, baking powder, salt and mustard powder in a large bowl. READ MORE: Rachael Ray's delicious pot roast recipe While using two raising agents may seem like an overload, the TV chef explained that it is crucial to get a "really good rise" in your scones. Next, add the cubed butter and rub it into the dry mixture to make a fine crumb with your fingertips. If you're using unsalted butter, Rick recommended adding a little extra salt. Pour in the grated cheddar and fragrant chives before pouring in a small amount of milk. The Cornwall-loving cook noted that you should use just enough to bring the dough together to a "soft but not sticky" consistency. When the dough is ready, flour a large chopping board to turn it out with some brief kneading. Using a rolling pin, flatten the mixture to around 4cm thick before marking out circular scone shapes with a 6-7cm wide cookie cutter. Transfer the shapes onto a baking tray lined with grease-proof paper and brush each one with a little milk. Top the dough with the leftover cheese and back for 12-15 minutes. Once risen and golden, remove them from the oven and cool them on a wire rack. Rick suggested serving the warm scones halved with a slice of cheese, a slice of pear and a drizzle of honey.