The cost of living crisis is making saving more of a struggle but it's still possible to save £444 a month on the average salary. Money expert Sammie Ellard-King writes the blog Up The Gains and has shared how to adapt the 50-30-20 budgeting rule so that people can still save money despite soaring bills.  Budgeting hacks tend to be popular at the beginning of the new year but a finance expert has revealed how to adapt the 50/30/20 savings rule during the cost of living crisis. When budgeting using the 50/30/30 rule, the 50 percent covers all the essentials such as food, mortgage or rent and other household bills. The 30 percent is for 'nice to haves' - things like TV subscriptions, new clothes, meals and nights out, while the remaining 20 percent is designed to cover savings and investments. Sammie says while this budgeting hack has helped him become financially independent and clear £20,000 worth of debt over the years, some people may think it's impossible to follow because of rising bills. READ MORE: Martin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost However, the expert recommends adapting the budgeting rule slightly so that people can still save £444 a month. He said: "In terms of tweaking the percentages, a lot of costs can be saved through cutting down the 'nice to haves' in the 30 percent section. "This means whatever's saved can be added to the 50 percent to make it more of a priority with bills rising across the board. "For example, having one less night out per month can be added to the 50 percent section, making it more like 55-25-20 rather than the standard 50/30/20 process."DON'T MISSUK’s 'best buy savings account’ turns £10k into £12,402 [ALERT]Santander announces interest rate rise on savings accounts [UPDATE]Two months to avoid Hunt's next inheritance and capital gains tax raid [WARNING] He continued: "Personally, I'd recommend cutting down the 30 percent bracket, rather than reducing amount of savings etc. "The '20 percent' part ensures you can come out of the cost of living crisis knowing you've still saved money and can come out still in a strong position, or definitely a better position than if you hadn't cut down those 'nice to haves". "With the average UK monthly salary after tax sitting at £2,220, Britonss can expect to save £444 a month by using the adapted 50/30/20 budgeting method. "As the adapted version just takes a small percentage off the 'nice to have section' and adds it to the bills part, in line with rising bills, there's no hit to the amount you can save per month. Just consider having one less night out per month and you can still cover the bills and have a whopping £400 plus in the savings pot every month!"    Many experts say there is no magic wand and it's often the simple budgeting tips that work. Pensioner Veronica Northam, 75, told Express.co.uk that she swears by writing down every expenditure. She said: “I do keep a note of what I spend on things and I think many young people don’t." Meanwhile, a shopping expert has shared seven savings tricks which could help people save thousands of pounds.   Jack Baker from Next Day Delivery recommends following seven simple steps to get a shopping discount: 