Queen Letizia of Spain attended an audience with communication and health representatives to have an important gender-based violence meeting at the Zarzuela Palace, the official residence of the Spanish Royal Family in Madrid. For the engagement, Queen Letizia opted for an all-red ensemble, a three-quarter sleeve top and tailored trousers. Letizia's jumper was the Frankie cuff detail wool sweater in dark red from Hugo Boss, one of the royal's favourite designers. She combined it with the Sistine cropped leather trousers in dark red and a black leather belt, also from Hugo Boss. For accessories, the Spanish monarch opted for her leaf earrings from designer Jose Luis Joyerias and her Debra pumps from Lodi which perfectly complemented her monochrome look. READ MORE: Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others Queen Letizia kept her hair loose and opted for a natural make-up look. The monarch looked beautiful in her elegant ensemble but some fans claimed that the outfit was "too boring". Royal fan account @letizia_de_princesa_a_reina commented: "I'm not a fan of this look. She has way more interesting outfits." Instagram user @modaeres said: "Letizia's uniform is basically grabbing the first same colour items I see in the wardrobe. Lazy." Another one, @mangelesballesteros, added that the look was "boring and lame".  "Super boring look. Lately, she just dresses like a businesswoman," she added. However, others disagreed and opined that the Queen of Spain looked sophisticated and classy, as always. Royal watcher and social media user @samuelcapri defended the monarch saying: "Not every day is a party outfit day!" "She looks so beautiful," said @centralperk2023. "I love this monochrome look, so elegant," added @dianamariaoa. READ MORE: Woman walks out of date early after man asks for money for parking Royal fan @cynelitorreani commented: "It doesn't matter what she wears, she looks good in anything. "She is not wearing a glamorous dress, and I'm not a fan of this shade, she could have combined it with another colour, but she looks good". Queen Letizia is considered one of the most stylish European royals and she is always seen in polished and carefully curated styles. Earlier this week, she stepped out at the Presentation of the National Innovation and Design Awards 2022 in Madrid wearing a very chic black suit. She sported a smart blazer with dramatic shoulders and combined it with straight-leg ankle-length trousers from Inés Martín Alcalde Collection. A few days earlier, she visited Angola, in Africa, and she looked stunning in a flowy red dress from the Spanish brand Massimo Dutti. Letizia's dress was actually very similar to the one the Princess of Wales wore in October last year to attend the BAFTA awards. Kate, however, opted for a red turtleneck jumper from Polo Ralph Lauren and a matching pleated skirt from Christopher Kane.