The anxious partner of missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley is “100 per cent sure” she didn’t fall in the river after seeing how shallow it is, telling diving experts: “How could she drown in there?” And Paul Ansell, 44, is now urging Lancashire Police and search teams to widen their focus onto more surrounding countryside and abandoned buildings, in case she is there instead. Mortgage advisor Nicola, 45, disappeared without a trace after 9.10am on Friday January 27 during a work conference call, with her phone left on a bench near her springer spaniel Willow, by a riverbank in St Michael’s-on-Wyre, Lancs. Diving expert Peter Faulding, 60 – from Specialist Group International (SGI) – told the Daily Express yesterday that Paul was stunned when he noticed how shallow the water by the bench really was. Peter, whose river search sonar team pulled out on Thursday, told us: "I took Paul down to the riverside and looked down from the bench to edge and he was startled and amazed by how shallow it is. "Paul said 'How could Nicola have drowned there? She would have landed on the rocks'." Meanwhile, for a Channel 5 programme, engineer Paul told presenter Dan Walker that he will "never give up" on finding Nicola and is "100 per cent" sure she never entered the water, as police believe. Paul explained: "People don't just vanish into thin air, it's absolutely impossible. So something has happened. Find out what it is. There has to be a way to find out. You cannot walk your dog down a river and just vanish into thin air." He added that the family are going through "unprecedented hell" but vowed to "never let go", saying that Nicola would "never give up on anybody". Asked how he feels throughout this ordeal, he said: "Anger, loads of frustration, confusion, disbelief, surrealism, nothing feels real. "It just doesn’t feel real… I feel like I’m in the Truman Show. Like.. I honestly believe I’m going to wake up at any moment…how are we even in this? We are good people." However, he praised Lancashire Police for their hard work and emphasised that he was not criticising the investigation. Water search expert Peter told the Daily Express that Paul is exasperated by the lack of hard evidence detailing what happened to his beloved partner of 12 years and mum to their daughters, aged six and nine. Peter told us: "He still thinks she has not gone into the river and his gut instinct is telling him the answers must lie elsewhere in the surrounding countryside. "Paul said to me 'There is something not right here'. He wants the search widened as much as possible while remaining as grateful to the police for their dedication and professionalism. "If Nicola slipped down the bank and into the water on the day the water would have been a foot higher than it is now – so about two feet deep above the rock shelf. "If she went head first she could have struck her head on the rocks and been knocked unconscious and maybe slid further into the water, than if she went in feet first, with her feet slowing her descent into the water. "So with Nicola's friends and family we threw a five feet-long tree branch into the water by the spot where she went in, to see how the river flow moved it. "It floated upstream slightly but then back. Basically, it did not move far for the whole 20 minutes we watched it. "The friends who were by the water on the day Nicola vanished confirmed that the river was not moving any different than it did when we tried the experiment. "Also remember the day she vanished police divers, who are incredibly experienced and skilled, searched that exact spot thoroughly and there was no sign of her. "In fact, if she went in feet first she probably would have been able to stand up on those rocks as the water level would have only been up to the top of her leg. "I was told by the family that Nicola was a creature of habit and would never go near the water's edge as she was naturally a careful, cautious person. "In theory if Nicola had fallen into the river she could possibly have floated downstream, over the weir and possibly further but also we would have expected to have seen something in the water by now." Police search teams and divers have continued to probe the coastline of Morecambe Bay in case Nicola was dragged miles downstream from the bench stretch of the River Wyre and out to the Irish Sea. Meanwhile – exactly a fortnight on from her disappearance – a candle-lit vigil took place in the village's St Michael's on Wyre church while friends gathered at a roadside by the river, carrying placards and banners, to jog drivers' memories. Friend Emma White said: "We’re out with banners, we’ve got placards of Nikki’s face, we’ve got a moving eight-feet LED board with her face on it with the message ‘Bring Nikki home’. "We just need Nikki home for her two beautiful little girls who need their mummy." Mrs White said the search had been "like torture", adding: "It is just a roller-coaster, it is almost like torture — the despair, the unimaginable frustration in the sense that everyone has come together, working so hard: the police, the community, people on the ground." However, there remains a “possibility” Nicola left the bench area via a pathway not covered by CCTV cameras. Mrs White said: "We ultimately have an area out of the river where Nikki may have gone in that we have no footage for. We don't know if Nikki wandered out or anyone has been seen. This is really crucial and that is what we're pushing for today to raise that profile." Lancashire Police again have dismissed any suggestion Nikki is a victim of crime and say the scale of the missing person inquiry is "unprecedented", involving 40 detectives and following over 500 lines of inquiry. They stated: "Based on all the work we have done up to now our belief remains that Nicola may have fallen into the river for some reason, but we are continuing to investigate all possible leads, and this involves viewing CCTV, dashcam footage and speaking to people who are providing us with information. "It remains the case that at the present time, there is absolutely nothing in all the extensive enquiries we have made that suggests anything untoward has happened or that there is any third-party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance, but the investigation is ongoing."