Newcastle’s 2-0 defeat to Manchester United in the Carabao Cup highlighted which departments of their squad require further investment. The Saudi consortium are desperate to continue their spending spree at St James’ Park and the Magpies’ loss on Sunday showed that they are far from the finished article. After a dominant opening half an hour from Newcastle, Eddie Howe’s side found themselves behind in the 33rd minute after Casemiro rose highest to steer his header past Loris Karius. The German shot-stopper was thrown in at the deep end at Wembley Stadium, making his debut for the club on the biggest stage of all, and had little chance of saving the opener. Karius will feel that he could have done better to keep out United’s second goal in the 39th minute though, with Marcus Rashford’s strike deflecting off of Sven Botman and looping over the helpless goalkeeper. Gary Neville and Jamie Carragher were amongst those who felt that the ex-Liverpool goalkeeper went to ground too early when anticipating the direction of the initial shot. Newcastle were unable to half the deficit in the second half, though supporters will take joy from knowing that they are likely to have the chance to bounce back from this cup final defeat in the coming seasons. The Magpies are in the heart of a major rebuild and with further investment, they could reshape the ‘Big Six’ and compete for numerous trophies going forward. Express Sport takes a look at three positions that Eddie Howe should look to strengthen over the summer… Left-back Although Dan Burn has impressed at Newcastle this season and provided leadership and a connection to supporters, he could be replaced over the season and become a versatile backup option for Howe. The former Brighton star is an unorthodox left-back given his height and lack of pace, and he is more of a defensive ‘safe bet’ than an attacking threat – as most modern-day fullbacks are. Attacking midfielder Joelinton and Bruno Guimaraes have been central to Newcastle’s impressive start to the season and Howe could look to find the final piece of the puzzle in the centre of the park over the summer. Joe Willock and Sean Longstaff have tried to complete the trio, with the latter the preferred option on Sunday, though with varying levels of success. The Magpies could improve markedly if a natural No 10 is brought in, perhaps for a significant transfer fee, and give the club a strong core to build around for the future, with James Maddison a target in Tyneside. Goalkeeper It would be incredibly tricky for Newcastle to find a better shot-stopper than usual No 1, Nick Pope. However, with Karius out of contract at the end of the season and Martin Dubravka keen to play regularly – as shown by his loan move to United earlier this season – it is time for Newcastle to bring in a different second-choice goalkeeper. If Newcastle continue to take each cup competition seriously and progress through the rounds, they could benefit from having a younger goalkeeper in their ranks that is prepared to learn from Pope before stepping up when the time is right.