The Princess of Wales has opened up over the question of a fourth child, and is understood to have joked that Prince William would "kill me if I did". The couple, who got married in 2011, already share three children, Prince George, 9, Princess Charlotte, 7, and four-year-old Prince Louis. Speaking on the latest Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, host Pandora Forsyth asked royal correspondent Richard Palmer: "Do you think they'll have another one?" Laughing, Mr Palmer replied: "No, I don't think so." He also noted that "I think you've asked me this before", adding that he has heard Kate say to people that "I think William would kill me if I did". Ms Forsyth responded: "Alright then, but if she is pregnant again, I'm going to clip this up and play [it]." READ MORE: Archie unlikely to attend King's Coronation with Meghan and Harry for five key reasons Proud parents Will and Kate welcomed their first son, Prince George in July 2013. Despite only being nine-years-old, George is currently second in line to the throne. In the royal line of succession, George is followed by his younger sister, Princess Charlotte. The couple's second child, and only daughter, was born less than two years after her elder brother, in May 2015. READ MORE: King Charles urged to unveil royal tour in Australia to offset growing Republican movement Almost three years later, the couple welcomed their third child, and second son, Prince Louis. The couple's youngest child was centre of attention at the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee, as he was seen waving and pulling faces on the balcony at Buckingham Palace. Royal fans got a glimpse into what the little four-year-old is like after he was captured sharing some sweet moments with his mother, the Princess of Wales. At the special Platinum Jubilee Celebration Concert, Louis was spotted engaging in some cute, but funny, interactions with Kate, inlcluding poking his tongue out at her. DON'T MISS In September 2022, shortly before the late Queen's death, the family-of-five moved from London to Windsor. The three children all started at Lambrook School, which is based in Bracknell. It is the first time that all three of the Waleses' children have attended school together.