Manchester United star Marcus Rashford has opened up on his previous injury struggles ahead of Sunday's Carabao Cup final. The Red Devils could be without the in-form forward against Newcastle, with Erik ten Hag trying to land the club's first trophy since 2017. Rashford has been in impeccable form since coming back from the World Cup, with his 24-goal tally for the season already a career best. Two goals against Leicester last weekend saw him become the first United star since Wayne Rooney to score in seven consecutive Premier League games at Old Trafford. He could therefore play a leading role against the Magpies at Wembley, but United fans were given cause for concern when Rashford was substituted late on in the win against Barcelona on Thursday. The 25-year-old suffered an ankle knock and posted a picture of himself with a bandaged up emoji after the game. Ten Hag admitted on Friday that he was not sure whether Rashford would be fit for the trip to Wembley, adding: "We have to do investigations. We did medicals but it was so soon after the game that we have to wait until he's 100 per cent diagnosed." JUST IN: Chelsea ace Enzo Fernandez reacts to Graham Potter sack pressure Rashford is no stranger to injury woes and he claims to have played on through persistent issues between 2019 and 2021. "I don't think anyone - apart from the people at the club - they don't know how long I was dealing with those issues and they probably won't know until I say," he told ESPN. "But it wasn't just one season, it was a period of time where every day was tough and you have to just sacrifice, and I've always been one to try and be out on the pitch as much as I possibly can, and for me, that's where I get the happiness. If I'm out injured, I'm not happy, I'm dealing with the pain and I'm not happy. So I would rather try to deal with the pain as long as I can perform and still help the team, I'd always choose to do that."   Sunday's final is a high-stakes clash with United bidding to win their first major silverware in six years and Newcastle boss Eddie Howe hoping to end a drought dating back to 1969. The Magpies sit fifth in the Premier League and they will be no pushovers, having beaten four top-flight clubs to make it to this stage. The two sides met at Old Trafford earlier in the season but the game ended goalless, with Rashford having to settle for a cameo off the bench. Although Howe's side are still in with a shot of qualifying for next season's Champions League, they have slipped up recently with no victories in their last three matches. "We made [the players] aware before the start of this competition that there has been a long wait for a trophy and in the early rounds we tried to put pressure on the team," Howe told The Telegraph this week. "The early rounds can be difficult. We found that at Tranmere. We needed every ounce of motivation or talent or whatever word you want to use to get through that. "In the latter stages you almost want to do the reverse and take the pressure off and treat it as a normal game. It would mean the world to me to [win a trophy], but it would not necessarily be for me. It would be more, genuinely, for the supporters, for everyone connected with the club to embrace that moment." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.