The BBC drama will star Alan Partridge actor Steve Coogan as Jimmy Savile in the controversial series which finished filming in 2022. The series was meant to be released that same year but it has been reported BBC executives have pushed the release date back to 2024 after considerable backlash was received. When the series was first announced, the BBC was met with harsh criticism. Now, the BBC has decided to push the release date of the series, with a TV insider explaining to The Sun: "It’s been three years since the BBC announced it was making this drama. "And there’s been a fierce response from victims. Most dramas don’t take this long to edit and air, but they don’t want to put a foot wrong." Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis The BBC previously stated they have worked alongside the victims of Jimmy Savile and are focused on portraying the story with "sensitivity and respect". Sources claimed the BBC were in a panic and they're going through the footage with a fine-tooth comb to ensure it's perfect. "The sensitivities are such that the BBC know they absolutely have to get this 100 percent right," they said. "The four-part drama is being edited in such a meticulous and careful way, so as not to create further pain and suffering for the victims of Savile." Jimmy Savile's crimes often took place during his time hosting Top of the Pops, volunteering at Stoke Mandeville hospital and visiting Duncroft girls' school. Organisations for the survivors of sexual abuse blasted the BBC for making 'entertainment' out of Savile's crimes. The backlash of the series was defended by actor Coogan during an appearance on Sunday Brunch saying it was needed to look at individuals such as Savile to "prevent it happening again". "I think that’s because Jimmy Savile played a trick on the entire nation so there’s a real feeling of antagonism about it," he stated. DON'T MISS...Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series [INSIGHT]Countryfile confirms death of guest after heartwarming moment [LATEST]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [WATCH] "But you need to look at someone like that to understand how they’re able to operate and to prevent it from happening again. "If you sweep it under the carpet and just don’t talk about it anymore, then those people are destined to come back," he explained. Steve continued: "I’d go and talk to them as myself and go, 'Hi, I’m Steve, I’m not Jimmy Savile, that’s who I’m going to play today'. "And you’re playing a role and we’re going to do it professionally, and it was so that they knew that I was someone else. So it was a tightrope, but I think we did it properly." Steve previously explained in a statement the decision to play Savile was not one "I took lightly". Piers Wenger Controller, of BBC Drama, added: "The story of Jimmy Savile is one of the most emotive and troubling of our times. We do not intend to sensationalise these crimes but to give voice to his victims. "We will work with survivors to ensure their stories are told with sensitivity and respect and to examine the institutions which Jimmy Savile was associated with and the circumstances in which these crimes took place. "Drama has the ability to tackle sensitive real-life subjects and consider the impact of a crime on its survivors and what lessons can be learnt to stop this ever happening again."