Manchester United owners the Glazers are leaving other club figures in the dark over the takeover process. Joel and Avram Glazer are at the forefront of a potential sale or minority investment, which would allow them to buy out their siblings' shares and remain at the helm. United's prospective takeover shifted up a gear last Friday as the Raine Group's 10pm 'soft' deadline for bids passed. The Glazers appointed the US merchant bank to oversee proceedings after it contributed to Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital's takeover of Chelsea last year. Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani and British businessman Sir Jim Ratcliffe submitted concrete bids and published pledges to adhere to supporters. However, both offers are understood to have been below the Glazers' asking price, between £6billion and £7bn. And American hedge fund Elliott Management's proposal to Raine, offering investment to help the Glazers remain at Old Trafford, has intensified uncertainty about whether United will be sold. JUST IN: Man Utd star Alejandro Garnacho 'agrees new contract' According to the Manchester Evening News, key figures at United are just as in the dark as fans regarding the club's future. The Glazer family are keeping their cards close to their chest by solely working with the Raine Group on the sale process. They have taken steps to ensure such a significant moment in the club's history doesn't distract Erik ten Hag and his players amid an impressive maiden season as manager. There is said to be 'apprehension' among United fans about the outcome, knowing the Glazers staying in charge would likely lead to an all-time high of toxic protests at Old Trafford. Red Devils supporters aren't letting the team's recent success mute their ill feeling toward the current ownership. DON'T MISS Premier League icon with over 300 games Dodd now works at a collegeMan Utd takeover LIVE - Glazers make Ten Hag decisionSacked Southampton boss Jones set up goal on debut for 12th-tier side Fans most recently chanted against the Glazers in Sunday's 3-0 win against Leicester City, with a desire for investment in the club's stadium, training facilities and wider infrastructure burning more brightly than ever. On the pitch, Ten Hag has United battling on all fronts heading into the season's final three months. The Dutchman's side are five points off Premier League leaders Arsenal and favourites to progress past Barcelona in the Europa League knockout play-offs on Thursday. They face Newcastle United in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday, a chance to lift silverware for the first time since 2017, before hosting West Ham United in the FA Cup fifth round next weekend. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here