And now, she has teamed up with supermarket Aldi to create five quick and easy budget lunchtime recipes – including chicken and carrot sausage rolls, cheese and veggie swirls, and even chocolate and courgette muffins. Rachel, who goes by the Instagram username The Lunchbox Mama, said: “Lunchtimes can be a struggle for many parents, and coming up with new ideas to make lunchboxes both fun and great value is a real challenge – especially when families are having to tighten their belts. “But lunchtimes don’t have to be dull. I’m determined to show there are cheap and easy ways to make lunchboxes more exciting, while still making sure they’re packed with nutritional value to see children through the school day.” Her new lunchtime snack series comes as Aldi commissioned research of 2,000 mums and dads, of 5-16-year-olds, which found almost half of parents (45 percent) dread making their children's lunchboxes – because of the pressure to get it “right”. The research revealed that finding a balance between what is healthy versus what their kids like, and ensuring enough variety, are among the most common concerns. But 42 percent describe their child as a fussy eater, with 39 percent worried their child won’t eat what they pack full stop. Not having their favourite foods is the most popular reason youngsters bring their lunch back uneaten, with 21 percent of parents being told the contents were “too healthy” on occasion. And overall, almost half (47 percent) have had their child complain about what is in their lunch. As a result, 68 percent say it is a “relief” when their child comes home from school with an empty lunchbox – with nearly 27 percent saying they often bring back uneaten items. More than four in ten (41 percent) struggle with inspiration when packing their kids’ lunches, while 22 percent opt to pay for them to get lunch at school for this very reason. But due to the rising cost-of-living, 13 percent have had to cut down on how much they spend on their little ones’ lunchbox. To do so, 57 percent have ditched branded goods, and a further 52 percent have cut down on the treats they pack. Others are bulk-buying more (42 percent), or have switched their supermarket in search of lower prices (35 percent). The poll, conducted via OnePoll, also found sandwiches reign supreme as the most popular lunchbox item among parents – with 72 percent typically including the staple. And two-thirds (67 percent) are balancing the nutritional value out as they are also including fresh fruit, while 40 percent add sliced veg. Julie Ashfield, managing director of buying at Aldi UK, said: “Our new lunchbox recipes, created in partnership with The Lunchbox Mama, are designed to offer some inspiration when it comes to preparing lunchboxes, helping parents to keep kids excited while also keeping costs low.”