The Rookie has gone from strength to strength over the past year, with ABC’s new spin-off The Rookie: Feds proving just as popular with Niecy Nash’s Simone Clark in the driver’s seat. Meanwhile, on the mothership drama, John Nolan (played by Nathan Fillion) will face a family crisis and a betrayal from within his own ranks once the drama’s fifth season returns on Valentine’s Day. Angela Lopez (Alyssa Diaz) could have to hand in her badge if her plan to take down Elijah Stone (Brandon Jay McLaren) blows up in her face. Both series are now on a two-week break, but The Rookie fans are bracing themselves for shocking twists once Nolan and the team return. In the latest promo for episode 15, The Con, Nolan returns home with his girlfriend Bailey Nune (Jenna Dewan) following the death of his mother. Although Bailey is keen to stay, Nolan tells her: “I’m just going to put my mom’s affairs in order and we’ll be back in LA by tomorrow night.” READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit However, their visit soon takes a nasty turn when two men threaten to invade the house to take something they claim belongs to them. Meanwhile, Elijah has continued to rise through the ranks to become one of LA’s most powerful crime lords. Assistant DA and Lopez’s husband Wesley Evers (Shawn Ashmore) warns her he’s out for revenge and will stop at nothing to take her down. However, the determined cop promises him: “I’m not running.” Elijah has had it in for the pair since he realised Evers had been working as his lawyer to incriminate him, and they’ll have to resort to desperate measures to take him down. Unfortunately, what could be their last chance to put him behind bars could put both them and the entire LAPD in grave danger. In the gripping teaser trailer, Lopez finally comes face-to-face with Elijah to offer him a surprising deal. “I tried to lock you up but I failed,” she tells him. “So I’m offering you a trade.” DON'T MISS:Dr Phil McGraw exits talk show stint after 2 decades [LATEST]1000lb Sisters fans fume over Tammy’s ‘unacceptable’ behaviour [BACKLASH]NCIS Hawaii’s Kai death ‘sealed’ in haunting promo [VIDEO] Elijah considers the deal and asks: “What could you offer me?” The trailer concludes with Lopez offering “intel from the inside”, hinting she could be about to betray her entire team. While Lopez has remained loyal to the LA cops so far, protecting her family from Elijah has clearly become her main priority. Lopez may even have to leak real information about the squad to ensure Elijah trusts her before luring him into another trap. The detective appears to be acting on her own accord in the promo, and Sergeant Wade Grey (Richard T Jones) definitely won’t be happy if she met Elijah without protection. If the rest of the team catches wind of Lopez’s risky tactics, she could be put on suspension and forced to hand in her badge for a short period. Sadly the series is taking a two-week break, so fans will just have to keep guessing until The Rookie returns with new episodes in mid-February. The Rookie season 5 continues Tuesday, February 14 on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK.