Former Minnesota Timberwolves star Bryn Forbes reportedly left his fiancee with two black eyes following an alleged assault. The NBA player, who is currently a free agent, was arrested on Wednesday following an alleged altercation with fiancee Elsa Jean. Forbes was arrested on Wednesday on suspicion of assault with bodily injury, inflicted on his partner. According to the Daily Mail, Forbes left Jean with two black eyes, and hit her several times after a verbal argument turned physical. Forbes was waived by the Timberwolves after the NBA trade deadline last week, and was expecting to be traded in the coming days.That deal is now reportedly 'off the table' following Wednesday's alleged incident, where he was taken into police custody. The police report from Wednesday states that Jean was 'allegedly struck several times, causing injury and pain' and then needed medical attention. Jean is a former adult actress, and is now a top creator on the popular platform Only Fans, while running a successful podcast called Heartbreakers. Jean was engaged to Forbes and the pair had been living together for one year, although it's thought that their wedding plans have now been cancelled. It is not clear whether Jean will press charges, but for now she is focusing on recovering both physically and mentally. Forbes was arrested at 5am on Wednesday, in the early hours after Valentine's Day.Forbes was taken to Bexar County Jail, but released on bail for $2,500 - with a court date set for March 20. Forbes has played in the NBA for seven seasons after entering the league as an undrafted free agent back in 2016. The 29-year-old only signed for the Timberwolves in July, but was waived last week to clear roster space after Mike Conley Jr. and Nickeil Alexander-Walker joined the team before the trade deadline. San Antonio Police have confirmed that the case is still under investigation.Their relationship is unsurprisingly all but over, as too could Forbes' NBA career following the incident. There was interest in Forbes after he was waived, but offers have since been withdrawn while the investigation continues. Police also confirmed that the alleged assault occurred once Forbes and Jean returned home, after spending time at La Cantera Resort & Spa. The San Antonio Fire Department and Emergency Medical Services then responded to assist Jean, while Forbes was arrested.Express Sport has contacted the San Antonio Police Department for comment.