Power cuts left thousands of households across Kent in darkness yesterday afternoon. According to poweroutage, more than 13,000 homes were affected by the electricty issue, which was first reported at 4.07pm yesterday afternoon. Smaller scale power failures have also been reported this morning across Greater London (affecting 73 properties) and central Bedfordshire (44).  UK Power Networks — the electricity distribution network operator (DNO) that covers the South East, East and London — told Express.co.uk that the issue has been resolved. They said: “Our networks are operating normally today with no widespread power interruptions.” There was, they added, “a power interruption yesterday in the Ashford area at 4.07pm. “All electricity supplies were quickly restored by 5.20pm, following a fault on the network. We apologise for any inconvenienced caused.” Some affected customers have taken to Twitter in an effort to find out more about the problem and when their power might be restored. User Steven43829773 wrote: “@UKPowerNetworks Hi, do u know what caused the power [to] go off earlier on this afternoon in the Ashford Kent area, tweet me back ps I hope the power doesn’t go off again.” UK Power Networks replied: “The cause was a fault on our underground cabling. “Our engineers have managed to divert the power around the faulty section of the network in order to restore supplies as quickly as possible. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as gas prices tipped to plummet after he 'loses' The Met Office has some helpful advice on how to prepare for — and handle — a power cut. It is wise, they said, to keep a supply of torches and batteries to hand in the event of an emergency, and to ensure that you keep your mobile phone charged so that you can still make calls, in an emergency situation, should the power supply fail. The Met Office added: “If electricity is crucial for any medical equipment you have, please contact your distribution network operator […] as they may be able to put you on their priority register for assistance during any power outage.” In the event that a blackout strikes, they continued, it is best to keep fridges and freezers closed — as so they remain cold — look out for any senior or vulnerable neighbours, and switch off appliances like irons, ovens, electric fires, etc. so that they don’t pose a potential hazard when the power is restored. DON'T MISS;Brexit Britain to 'go it alone' and snub £85bn EU scheme for new deal [INSIGHT]UK-Norway gas pipelines face threat as Russia vows 'punishment' [ANALYSIS]China's police gets rodent recruits with drug sniffing squirrels [REPORT] UK Power Networks has also recommended that, to prepare for the contingency of a power cut, people keep to hand warm clothes, blankets, and a reserve of food which can be consumed without heating. They said: “The local electricity networks are 99% reliable, however power cuts can occasionally happen due to a range of reasons.” Director of Customer Service and Innovation Ian Cameron added: “What we are asking people to do is to think about how they would cope if they were to be without power. “There are several actions you can take right now that would better equip you, should your power go off at any point in the future. 