Series 17 of The Apprentice is well underway, with just a handful of budding entrepreneurs left with a chance of becoming Lord Alan Sugar's next business partner. Joseph Valente, who won the BBC business programme when he was 25 years old, has spoken exclusively with Express.co.uk about the show going "downhill" in recent years.  The Apprentice first appeared on screens in February 2005, with Lord Sugar giving the winner a job at his company. His aides for many years were Margaret Mountford and Nick Hewer before they were replaced by Karren Brady and Claude Littner. Season one winner Tim Campbell has returned as one of the business mogul's trusted advisors for 2023 as Claude has "suffered some medical issues". Just five episodes are left in this year's series, but it is still unclear who might make it into the final five following some big task losses and errors. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error  When asked if he still watches The Apprentice, Joseph said: "It was a difficult one, it brought back so many memories of my time on the show but I stopped watching it after I’d won it. "That’s probably because, when you are chucked into that environment, it’s a special time. "I am the kind of person who likes to close the door on things, as I don’t like to keep visiting the same memory. "I’ve not really watched it much over the last few years and I genuinely believe it’s really started to lose credibility."  The businessman added: "I think the candidates on there are not serious business people and in most cases - it’s got too commercial for me. "I was a big fan of the show as it was all about business, and it was about serious business people going on to win. "There were not many who went on there for 15 minutes of fame - it was about hardcore business." The entrepreneur continued: "I think after my series, I’m not saying this because I won, but it started to get more commercial and started to go downhill." DON'T MISS...The Apprentice star talks 'amazing experience' ahead of early exit [INTERVIEW]The Apprentice candidate details 'off-camera' Karren Brady [LATEST]The Apprentice's Sohail on about 'spat' and feuds with candidates [INSIGHT] "It’s lost its business edge," Joseph claimed. "There is plenty of reality tv like Love Island and all that. "But there are plenty of people who want to watch a business show to get inspired about business. "There is not a lot of that around and it is something I am very passionate about doing." Joseph revealed he is hoping to get his own television show which could rival The Apprentice.   For this week's episode of The Apprentice, the candidates have to create an immersive experience in Shropshire for clients. 