The Princess of Wales could be "pushing Meghan further" into the "background", a royal expert has claimed. Praising Kate, former ITV royal correspondent and author Nicholas Owen said that the mother-of-three has "really come into her own", as she ully embraces her royal role, five months into becoming the Princess of Wales. Speaking on Sky News Australia, Mr Owen said: "[Kate's] popularity is absolutely assured. "She's got new advisors around her, particularly one lady. "A real toughy is, a sort of, of one of her main assistants." He added: "Beyond the exterior that we all see, the smiling face, the easy way with crowds, the wonderful way Kate has with children, there is also some steel going on there. READ MORE: Princess Kate avoided 'wardrobe malfunction' at wedding 'with the help of Sophie Wessex' "The determination to sort of set herself out a role, rather as you say, but is she seeing off Meghan in the process. "Well, if that's a byproduct of what's going on, how jolly conventient, that would be nice wouldn't it, pushing Meghan further and further into the background." Kate has recently appointed branding and marketing expert Alison Corfield to work as her new private secretary. One royal insider recently told The Telegraph: "What the Princess of Wales is doing is a very clear sign that she is redefining herself now that she has this new role." READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'hopes unsealed papers will demolish Virginia's story' to restore reputation Describing her as the "wife of the heir", the source added that Kate's role is representing the monarchy "not only around the country but also around the world", Due to her new role as Princess of Wales, they added that the 41-year-old has a "greater platform now", so she needs "the right team to deliver for her". The 41-year-old was seen last month, out and about, promoting her work surrounding childhood and early years development. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan to stop dishing dirt on Royal Family in new rebrand [REVEALED]Sussexes set to sign new big-money deals after recent success [LATEST]Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT] In January, Kate launched 'Shaping Up', her "life's work" which highlights the importance of early years development of children. The mother-of-three, including heir to the throne Prince George, unveiled the new project on January 30. During the reveal, a 90-second short film that depicted how a child is shaped by their environment and by social interactions was aired.