A judge warned of the "extremely dangerous" craze of young people driving while high on "hippy crack".Judge Judith Coello spoke out while jailing a university graduate for two years and eight months for deliberately ploughing into a teen cyclist while under the influence of nitrous oxide, commonly known as "laughing gas". Sala Omor, 23, mounted the pavement in a hire car and knocked into 19-year-old Coarey Rochester in September last year, causing him spinal injuries and multiple pelvis fractures. Omor, who had just graduated from Roehampton University with a BSc in Business Management, gave Mr Rochester the thumbs down before fleeing the scene in Kingston, south-west London. When he was caught by police an hour later, he was still at the wheel of the smashed-up Seat Arona with a nitrous oxide balloon hanging out of his mouth. He admitted causing serious injury and failing to stop after a traffic accident last month. Judge Coello said: "This was a deliberate and shocking incident, and quite clearly from the circumstances I have been told about, you were under the influence of nitrous oxide on this occasion—commonly known as laughing gas. "Very deep concerns have been expressed by the authorities about the use of this substance, and by young people in particular, in society at present. You are perhaps an example of the very extreme dangers of someone engaging in that activity." While driving while high is illegal, the substance, also known as laughing gas, stays in the body for only a short time and drug test kits cannot trace it, the Campaign Against Drink Driving said. Kingston Crown Court heard Omor say he saw Mr Rochester on Homersham Road on September 22, just after 2pm. Prosecutor Christiaan Moll said: "The complainant in this case, Coarey Rochester, was driving his pedal cycle and he was driving it on the footpath when a vehicle being driven by this defendant, a Seat Arona which he had hired from Europcar, mounted the pavement and hit the complainant from behind. "Having done that, and the complainant having fallen off his bike and bent a nearby post over, the defendant sped off in his car. "He didn’t stop. The complainant recalls the driver stuck his thumb out the window as he drove off. "One hour later, at 3.13pm he was stopped on Tolworth roundabout. "The windscreen was smashed on the driver side and caved in and the front off side tyre was completely destroyed. "He was driving on the rim basically. There were also some scratches on the front left side of the car. "The defendant was arrested very quickly - when he was arrested he was asking about his balloons." Harun Matin, defending, said Omor had "no recollection" of the incident. The court heard Omor may have been suffering from a "temporary psychosis" at the time as a result of inhaling nitrous oxide. Mr Matin said: "He’s open about it, he was taking nitrous oxide. "He had been taking it on and off since 2019 and there were long periods where he wasnt taking it. "But he accepts that it is something he was taking and it was having an effect on him. "There was an expectation that his father was about to retire and he would now be responsible for the household and he felt under pressure - in his own way he felt he needed relief from it." Judge Coello said she had read a victim impact statement from Mr Rochester and he had "been through an enormous amount of physical pain" as a result of the crash. She said Omor had "clearly spotted" Mr Rochester on his bike and "deliberately drove his car up onto the pavement behind him". She said: "You stopped for a brief period, apparently stuck your thumb up at him and then left the scene. "You were found in the driver side of the vehicle with a balloon hanging from your mouth. "Mr Rochester was very seriously injured as a result of what you did. He received spinal injuries, multiple pelvic fractures. "There have been very deep and long lasting consequences on Mr Rochester - he details in his victim personal statement the enormous amount of physical pain he has had to go through as a result of what happened to him and as a Direct result of your actions and not just physical pain but emotional and psychological. "He has short term memory problems and felt distraught as a result of the incident, he felt very very anxious and depressed. "It knocked his confidence completely." Omor was jailed for 32 months and will serve half until he is eligible for release. He was also disqualified from driving for four years.