Three women and a man were taken to hospital after three dogs attacked them on a public beach in the UK. Police are investigating after a woman claimed her six-year-old Siberian Husky called Naevia was attacked by two bulldog-style pets on Redcar beach.  Cleveland Police confirmed the other dog’s owner have counter-claims and officers are working on finding how the event unfolded. The owner of Siberian Husky Naevia, Marie Hay claimed she was planning to let her dog to paddle in the sea when two dogs who "weren't wearing any collars or harnesses", approached Naevia. The 40-year-old claimed the owners of the other two dogs told her that their dogs were “friendly”. However, moments later one of them was believed to have attacked her pet.   Mrs Hay from Nunthorpe, North Yorkshire told The Mirror: "[The] dog came over and sniffed my dog, and then done a little scuffle and made a noise and then just jumped on her and bit her face and wouldn't let go. "So [the owner] came running over to try and get the dog, but his dogs had no collars or leads on, they didn't have harnesses or leads, nothing at all. "So there was no way of grabbing them to get them off.” According to Mrs Hay, the attack lasted for around 10 minutes. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley’s friend identifies critical ‘blind spot’  Mrs Hay and her 20-year-old daughter were hospitalised to get treatment for their bite wounds, with the latter needing antibiotics and a tetanus injection. Naevia has spent several days undergoing surgery to ensure she could make the best recovery. Mrs Hay continued: “Them dogs kept coming and coming and coming and what they've done is they've punctured her skin and pulled it that much that it's almost like an autopsy. “They have severed the skin that badly off her chest that they've had to remove the skin from her chest to get to her muscles and all of her muscles are dying and going black. DON'T MISS:Brits will need permit to enter EU under new rules from November [REVEAL]David Carrick’s ‘lenient’ prison sentence to be reviewed  [INSIGHT]Biden jabs joke at GOP as POTUS congratulates rival Kevin McCarthy [SPOTLIGHT] "She has had to be fully shaved, she has got multiple lacerations on her face, on her neck she's got multiple bite wounds where they have gone for the kill. "She has got bite marks down her back legs and backside, a slash underneath her armpit where the dog literally was playing tug of war with her leg and trying to pull her leg off.” Mrs Hay has been handed over a bill of £14,000 bill by the vets while treating her dog. She has now launched a GoFundMe page to raise the money needed to save her “gorgeous” dog's life. She added: "I am a responsible dog owner [so she is insured] but not for one second do you think it will cost more than £4,000 if something happens. The cap on the insurance is £4,000 per event." A spokesman for Cleveland Police said: "Police were called to the beach near the caravan park at Redcar just after 3pm on Sunday, 5th February to a report of a dog attack by two bulldog-type pets on a husky. "Officers attended the scene and took initial details including a counter allegation from the bulldogs’ owner. It’s understood at least one dog received veterinary treatment and a man and three women attended hospital for treatment - primarily for hand injuries. "As part of ongoing inquiries we are obtaining more detailed accounts as well as details of any confirmed injuries to the dogs and people involved. "Police have already spoken to a number of independent witnesses but would appeal for anyone who saw the incident or who may have footage of it to contact Cleveland Police on 101." 