HBO’s hit series The Last of Us will return with another episode of Ellie (played by Bella Ramsey) and Joel (Pedro Pascal) fighting for survival. As the gripping trailer for episode five provided a first look at the Bloaters, star Adam Basil spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his upcoming role.   When episode five premieres on Friday, Ellie and Joel will come across the fourth and rarest stage of infection, The Bloaters. Although they were escaping the Hunters, little did they know they would soon come across an even monstrous villain. The infected become Bloaters, a late stage of the Cordyceps fungal infection which sees them mutated into horrific new forms. Unlike the others, the Bloater is the fourth, rarest and most dangerous stage of the infected as they take years to develop into this stage. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series  Teasing his upcoming appearance as a Bloater, Adam Basil spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk. Although he remained tight-lipped on the storyline, the actor revealed: “I play the big boss that we haven’t seen yet of all the creatures, he’s called the Bloater. “It’s this huge costume built by Barrie Gower,” Adam added. Speaking more on the costume, he explained: “They spent about half a million on the costume, it takes about an hour to get into.”   As The Last of Us was adapted from a video game, many of its fans have embarked on the treacherous journey of survival and have already come across the Bloaters. But for others, the creature was first teased in episode two, when Ellie questioned Joel and Tess (Anna Torv) about the “superinfected". While episode two brought the infamous Clicker to the spotlight, the Bloater will bring new dread and fear to the series. This was seen during the trailer when Ellie and Kathleen (Melanie Lynskey) came face to face with one. DON'T MISS...Vanessa Feltz issues plea to This Morning viewers after split [INSIGHT]The Last of Us’ Pedro Pascal admits he ‘forgot’ he was cast as Joel [INSIGHT]Bella Ramsey admits to 'cheating' during emotional Last of Us scenes [INSIGHT]  The Bloater was surrounded by fire and other infected, which promises yet another thrilling episode. Thankfully for fans, there will be a whole new instalment of The Last of Us after bosses confirmed its renewal. Showrunner Neil Druckmann stated: "I’m humbled, honoured, and frankly overwhelmed that so many people have tuned in and connected with our retelling of Joel and Ellie’s journey. “The collaboration with Craig Mazin, our incredible cast & crew, and HBO exceeded my already high expectations. "Now we have the absolute pleasure of being able to do it again with season two! On behalf of everyone at Naughty Dog & PlayStation, thank you!”    The Last of Us first premiered last month and had already gone on to score major viewership figures for HBO. The post-apocalyptic series garnered a whopping 4.7 million viewers only to be topped by its second episode which saw 5.7 million viewers across HBO and linear telecasts in the United States. With a surge of 22 percent from the premiere, this marked the largest week-two audience growth for any HBO Original drama series in the 50-year history of the network.   The Last of Us continues Fridays on HBO in the US and on NOW in the UK. 