Marcus Rashford is currently the best footballer in the world, according to Manchester United team-mate Phil Jones. The on-fire forward continued his incredible season by scoring his first goal in a final as United ended their six-year trophy drought on Sunday. A 2-0 triumph over Newcastle United at Wembley Stadium saw Erik ten Hag's side lift the Carabao Cup, his inaugural piece of silverware as manager at the first time of asking. And Rashford was central to the success, scoring United's second to increase his goals tally to 25 in all competitions this term. Ahead of kick-off, Red Devils defender Jones appeared on Sky Sports as a surprise pundit, despite still being under contract at the club. The 31-year-old heaped praise on Rashford, especially for how he has kicked on since the winter World Cup in Qatar, where Gareth Southgate arguably under-utilised him. JUST IN: Potter faces Chelsea ultimatum as players 'angry' after Tottenham loss  Jones said: "He came back from the World Cup probably not starting as many games as he would have liked [for England]. "He's knuckled down, got on with it, he's become sharper, stronger, and you see that in his performances this season." And Jones went as far as to tout Rashford as the world's best player while he's in his current vein of form, toppling Kylian Mbappe, Lionel Messi and football's other established superstars. "Defenders find it really hard to cope with him. He can take it one way or the other, goals from outside the box," Jones added. DON'T MISS Man Utd omens hint Erik ten Hag will win another trophy this seasonRiot shields used as Messi and Mbappe tear up Man Utd, Arsenal flopsPep Guardiola fires Liverpool Istanbul warning to Man City squad "He's scored a few headers recently as well, so his all-round game has hit heights he probably didn't think he was going to get to. He's been brilliant, and on current form, he's probably the best player in the world. "You can see his body shape. He's strengthened in the gym and worked really hard on himself. The club have worked with him really well. "After training [as well]. People don't see the work he puts in after training. I'm delighted for him. He deserves it." Jones is out of contract at Old Trafford this summer and hinted he would continue his playing career elsewhere by stating he was battling to regain his fitness. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here