Boxing fans are fuming at the pay-per-view price for Jake Paul and Tommy Fury's Saudi showdown. BT Sports Box Office is asking for £19.95 from British punters to watch the long-awaited grudge match on February 26. After two failed attempts to make it happen, it looks as though the third time will be a charm as Fury and Paul go head-to-head in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia later this month. Ahead of their fight date back in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after suffering a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. Given their messy history, many supporters had expressed doubts that the fight would even take place this time around, especially after Fury no-showed their launch press conference. But it appears Fury is on his way to the Kingdom after sharing a picture of himself packed and ready to go, with the caption: "Best camp of my entire life. Saudi... I'm coming. @jakepaul." There is certainly a lot of excitement surrounding the fight but it seems few will be keen on spending the premium price for the event. Taking to Twitter, fans voiced their displeasure at the hefty PPV fee in their masses.   "World’s gone. Seriously. £19.95 used to get you AJ/Klitschko, Brook/Golovkin, Froch/Groves - with cracking undercards too. It’s absolutely embarrassing," tweeted @PHarnett24. "Wtf it's PPV as well haha. Boxing is dead," wrote @MorningFromNBR.  In the co-feature attraction for Paul vs Fury, former super-middleweight and light-heavyweight world champion Badou Jack takes on WBC cruiserweight champion Ilunga Makabu for the Congolese man's green belt. The event, put on by Skills Challenge Entertainment, will also include a number of local fighters from the Kingdom including Ziyad Almaayouf, Salman Hamada, Ziad Al-Majrashi and Saudi Arabia's first female boxer Ragad Al Naimi. Meanwhile, popular content creators Adam Saleh and Evil Hero will battle it out on the same bill.   