Convicted paedophile Gary Glitter is planning to flee Britain and move to Spain to join his love child, reports claim. The former popstar wants to leave "dangerous" Britain after serving half his sentence for attempted rape, unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under 13, and four counts of indecent assault in 2015. The Sun reports that he wants to join his 21-year-old son, Gary Pantoja Sosa "as soon as he can". Glitter is currently in a bail hostel in Hampshire after being released from prison earlier this month. As a convicted sex offender he is subject to strict conditions including staying away from schools, swimming pools and playgrounds. But reports suggest his current location "sits a stone's throw from a housing estate and playgrounds, with ten schools close by". If these conditions are breached, offenders can be recalled back to prison by the Probation Service. Glitter, real name Paul Gadd, is yet to meet his son, who he fathered with Yudenia Sosa Martinez while hiding in Cuba in 2001 but is said to have kept regular contact. A source said: "He’s told him that’s the plan. He will need to keep a low profile and stay out of the way." READ MORE: Local councillor receives ‘offensive’ voicemail about Nicola Bulley Following his release, Labour MP Sarah Champion called for steps to be taken to prevent him from travelling abroad. She said: “His licence conditions should be that he can’t hold a passport. “Statistics show that travel restrictions are secured in only a handful of sexual harm prevention orders. If there are questions over whether it is done in a case as high profile as this then the same applies the bigger bulk of cases." Glitter has a string of convictions after he shot to fame in the 1970s. In 1999 he was sentenced to four months in jail after he admitted to possessing child pornography images. Three years later, in 2002, he was expelled to Cambodia over unspecified allegations. In 2006 he was also convicted of sexually abusing two girls, aged 10 and 11, in Vietnam. He was also found guilty of abuse relating to three girls, aged ten, 12, and 13 committed in the 1970s and 80s.