AJ Pritchard has revealed how Love Island's Arabella Chi "cost him" a huge sum of money in a new TV show. The duo were partnered together in The Challenge - a new game show that pits reality stars against each other to win a big prize pot. However, AJ and Arabella failed to make it into the final three where they could have competed for £50,000. AJ shared how Arabella let him down and said he can't forgive her. Speaking to The Sun, the dancer remarked: "We did not make the final three. If myself and Arabella made the final three, I'd have put my life on it that I would've won that show. “But it seems as though it was Arabella that got Curtis [Pritchard] knocked out and it was Arabella again that got me knocked out in the final and lost me £50,000. READ MORE: Lisa Faulkner admits she struggled to find acting jobs due to age “I’m just going to throw it out there. That's a touchy subject and it's going to be touchy and a bit raw for the rest of my life!" AJ's brother Curtis was equally as unlucky, being partnered with fellow Love Islander Kaz Crossley, who was nursing a leg injury. And things got feisty between the pairs when they fought it out in an eliminator. AJ said: "It looked like we were kind of doing Swan Lake ballet slash Gladiator attacking each other. “ When asked if he'd like to meet Arabella away from the show, he said: "No! Unless she's got £50,000 to hand over. She cost me the win." Express.co.uk has contacted Arabella Chi's representatives for comment. A massive hit in the US, the UK version of The Challenge features reality talent from shows including Love Island, Strictly and Geordie Shore battling it out in extreme physical tests. It was filmed in Argentina in September and is hosted by Mark Wright. According to reports, James Lock was the first celebrity to be booted from the show after losing the tasks and his injuries left him hospitalised. DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson injects tooth whitener into leg after mishap (PHOTOS)Joan Collins looks glamorous as ever as she cosies up to Percy (NEWS) Vanessa Felt's ex Ben branded 'womaniser' by lady he had affair with (LATEST) A source shared: “James was rushed to hospital after seriously bruising his face within the first 3 days of filming the Challenge UK." They added: “The injury was caused during one of the many dangerous activities contestants have to take part in, it was so scary to see, he was in agony. The show premieres tonight on Channel 5 with new episodes airing daily. Dubbing it the "toughest show on television", Mark said in the new clip that the show was "a true test of strength, determination and grit". The synopsis read: "Contestants are shocked by the gruelling nature of this new competition, which not everyone will leave unscathed. "Will these titans be able to adapt and thrive in this treacherous new terrain of brutal athletic battles, political betrayals, and sultry distractions. “Or will they fall apart as the pressure builds throughout the season?” The Challenge UK airs tonight on Channel 5 at 11.05pm.