Prince Harry is not "brave" enough to cause a disruption at the Coronation, especially as behaving will earn him "brownie points", according to a royal biographer. Meghan and Harry have been invited to the Coronation, as reported by Express.co.uk last week. However, it's unclear if the Sussexes will show. King Charles is said to have extended the olive branch, believing that having Meghan and Harry attend the Coronation would be less distracting than their absence. Some fear the Duke and Duchess would disrupt the ceremony, however royal biographer Ingrid Seward disagrees. "I don't think that Harry is nearly as brave as everyone thinks he is. He is physically very brave but he's not mentally brave. I think he wouldn't even begin to know how to disrupt something as serious as a coronation ceremony," Ms Seward told GB News's Dan Wootton. She argued that the Prince needed "brownie points" from the public following plummeting popularity in United States, something he could only achieve by making a good show of the coronation.  She said: "I also don't think he is going to say anything disrespectful in the months leading up to the ceremony because it doesn't benefit him. Harry is all about him[self]. It will not benefit him any way at all to make a fuss of behave badly. "I also think he needs the stardust of this royal event to fall on his shoulders to make his way in America easier. At the moment he's not nearly as popular in America as he was before he published Spare and nor is Meghan. "Harry needs to look good and I think by behaving himself at the coronation and keeping quiet - a bit like he did at the Jubilee with Meghan - I think that will earn him some brownie points, nothing else will." The coronation, taking place later this year on May 6, will see royals, dignitaries and world leaders invited.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'wangle best of both worlds' ahead of coronation Although King Charles became monarch upon the death of his mother Queen Elizabeth II, the coronation formalises his role as head of the Church of England as well as the changes to his titles and powers. Around 2,000 guests will be invited to the ceremony, including the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. However, Meghan and Harry's son Archie's fourth birthday falls on May 6, and some are speculating that the pair could miss the coronation as a result. The last coronation was held 70 years ago on June 2, 1953 when Queen Elizabeth II was crowned. 