Rihanna, 34, sparked a social media frenzy as fans questioned her all-red ensemble for the landmark performance. Many criticised the singer’s jumpsuit, saying it “makes her look pregnant”, which the singer has now confirmed. A representative for the singer confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter that the pop sensation is pregnant. The singer descended onto the Super Bowl stadium on Sunday evening for her first solo performance in seven years. The last time fans saw Rihanna on stage was at the 2018 Grammy Awards alongside DJ Khaled to perform their hit song Wild Thoughts. For her Super Bowl debut, the Barbados-born star donned a red jumpsuit with some subtle silver detailing matching her stacked earrings.  The unzipped jumpsuit allowed viewers a peak at her red, tight-fitting bodysuit which showed what appeared to be a growing baby bump. Rihanna seemingly relished the speculation she was causing in the performance as she casually rubbed her stomach. The Diamonds hitmaker welcomed her first child with her partner, rapper ASAP Rocky, in May 2022. Earlier this week, the singer revealed it was motherhood that encouraged her to end her hiatus and take on the challenge of appearing on such a legendary stage. In an interview with Apple Music on Wednesday, the singer admitted she was a bit shocked to be offered the opportunity in the first place. She said: “I was like, 'You sure? Like, I'm three months postpartum. Should I be making major decisions like this right now? “I might regret this.' "But when you become a mom, there's just something that just happens where you feel like you can take on the world.    “You can do anything and the Super Bowl is one of the biggest stages in the world."  Being a mother has also made the somewhat reclusive pop star even more selective of when she will appear “at work”. She declared: “Work is always something that is going to rob you of time with your child. That’s the currency goes. “When you make decisions on what you’re going to say yes to it has to be worth it.”  Rihanna performed a jam-packed setlist in her 13-minute performance featuring fan-favourite hits alongside classics like Umbrella. While the We Found Love singer was well-known for her on-stage choreography, Rihanna admitted it has been an “immense” challenge to get back into the swing of performances postpartum. She admitted rehearsing for the show had been taking “a toll” but remained determined to give fans the exuberant show they expected. Express.co.uk has contacted Rihanna’s representatives for comment. 