The BBC has reportedly received 199 complaints after Radio 4's host Evan Davis allowed a guest to claim JK Rowling was transphobic without providing a "sufficient" challenge. Stacey Henley, the editor-in-chief of The Gamer and a transgender woman, appeared on the show earlier this month to discuss the new video game Hogwarts Legacy and accused JK Rowling of promoting "transphobia" and pushing a "campaign against trans people". Mr Davis was accused of failing to challenge the claim, breaking the BBC's news value of "impartiality". The Harry Potter author, who will receive royalties from the video game’s sales, has come under fire for her comments about gender ideology. Many critics and prominent voices in the LGBT+ community have labelled her statements "transphobic", while Ms Rowling has consistently denied she is transphobic. According to its own rules, the BBC "must remain duly impartial", and Mr Davis did not abide by that principle. The broadcaster eventually apologised for the debate as listeners complained that the show gave an "unfair characterisation" of Rowling's opinions, according to Deadline. In a statement, the broadcaster said: "We do accept that there wasn’t sufficient challenge to the claims that were made and that we fell short here. "This is a difficult and contentious area which we do try very hard to cover fairly and well on the BBC. However, we should have challenged Stacey Henley more directly on her claims and apologise that we did not."  The BBC’s failure to challenge the claims also drew the ire of the grassroots women’s group For Women Scotland who tweeted: "Lovely. Another highly skewed piece on @jk_rowling on @BBCPM with "Stacy" who is making unfounded accusations. @EvanHD making the most perfunctory efforts to intervene." To which the BBC presenter Evan Davis answered: "To be honest, I think this is a fair criticism. I think perhaps we got stuck because we were actually trying hard NOT to debate @jk_rowling or the substance of her views. We hadn't intended or cast it that way." He added: "This was meant to be (and was) about the debate raging over the game among some fans, given many feel as they do. "But while I did assert it, I should have made it clearer that @FiveTacey’s view of JK is her own premise for boycotting the game and is heavily contested." READ MORE: Belinda Carlisle distracts BBC viewers as she speaks on retiring The backlash over Ms Rowling's comment erupted in June 2020 when the author retweeted an op-ed piece that discussed "people who menstruate," seemingly taking issue with the fact that the story did not use the word 'women'. She wrote: "'People who menstruate.' I’m sure there used to be a word for those people. Someone help me out. Wumben? Wimpund? Woomud?" Despite the initial backlash, the Harry Potter author wrote about her views in more detail, tweeting: "If sex isn’t real, the lived reality of women globally is erased", and later added: "I respect every trans person’s right to live any way that feels authentic and comfortable to them." After years of backlash over her stance on the issue, she will discuss allegations of transphobia on an upcoming podcast, The Witch Trials of J.K. Rowling. This week, Ms Rowling said it would be released and feature her opinions on the trans community. In the trailer of the podcast, Ms Rowling said she never intended to upset people but maintains critics have “profoundly” misinterpreted her comments. She said: "I never set out to upset anyone. However, I was not uncomfortable with getting off my pedestal." DON'T MISS:Labour MP calls Sturgeon ‘impressive politician’ [REPORT]Tim Davie lauds BBC’s plan of forcing people to pay licence fee [REPORT]Father Brown's Claudie Blakley is married to a Last Kingdom star [REPORT] 260,000 people living in England and Wales in March 2021 identified with a gender different from their sex registered at birth, according to the latest Census 2021. In 2020 and 2021, 2,630 hate crimes against transgender people were recorded by the Police, an increase of 16 percent from the previous year, according to official Home Office data. According to the Stop Hate UK charity, which is dedicated to "raising awareness and understanding of discrimination and hate crime", these numbers are "still severely underreported" because "out of 108,100 responses to the National LGBT Survey, 88% of transgender people did not report the most serious type of incident." The charity adds: "48 percent of transgender people were not satisfied with the Police response after reporting the most serious types of incidents." READ NEXT:EastEnders viewers 'work out' Lily Slater baby kidnapping twistCall The Midwife's Helen George speaks out after finale delayStacey Solomon gesture makes Sort Your Life Out guest break downBBC Breakfast's Naga Munchetty sparks debate over blood donationsThe Apprentice candidate details 'off-camera' Karren Brady