On Monday, February 6 2023, McDonald's fans can get their hands on two fast food deals. This aims to help fast food fans save the pennies. For one day only, McDonald's customers can pick up double points on a Single McMuffin, exclusively via the McDonald's app. This will allow fast foodies to beat the Monday blues with a yummy - and lucrative - breakfast. The classic menu item can be enjoyed with either a sausage or bacon filling, available until 11am. But the fun does not stop at 11am, for those waking up late or who prefer tucking into McDonald's for a midday or evening treat. READ MORE: Marks and Spencer shoppers go crazy for new White Pearl Strawberries After 11am, customers will be able to pick up the fan favourites six Chicken McNuggets at a reduced price. Usually six nuggets cost £4.09, however post-11am on Monday, these will be available for just £1.39. This makes a grand total saving of £2.70 for McDonald's fans looking to make their money stretch. A spokesperson for the fast food giant enticed customers: "Tuck into the 100 percent chicken breast meat in a deliciously crispy coating, for less." By purchasing one of these deals - the McMuffin or the Nuggets - customers will be able to earn points. They can do this by opting into MyMcDonald’s Rewards. Every penny spent equals one Rewards point, meaning this Monday customers will get 598 points for a Single McMuffin. For six Chicken McNuggets, 139 points are up for grabs. READ MORE: You could ripen an avocado in just 10 minutes by putting it in oven And these points are all part of a bigger picture - once you have collected enough of them you can nap some free goodies. When customers reach 1,500 points, they can choose between small Fries, a Hash Brown or a Side Salad. With 2,500 points, McDonald's fans can enjoy a Double Cheeseburger or Vegetable Deluxe. With a whopping 4,000 points, customers can choose between favourites such as six Chicken McNuggets or a Big Mac. It's also possible to use the points for non food-related purposes. There is also an option for customers to donate the cash equivalent of their Rewards points to BBC Children in Need, FareShare and Ronald McDonald House Charities. All deals are exclusively available on the McDonald’s App. McDonald’s breakfast is available from 5am - 11am,  and McDonald’s lunchtime menu is available from 11am daily.