On balance, I have to agree that Rishi Sunak had had enough of this festering sore, and further excuses for Nadhim Zahawi’s bizarre tax muddle were simply running out of sky. Multiple occasions of being less than frank were surely enough. When a man is wealthy with multi-source incomes, his tax position is likely to be complicated. That is why honest and skilled chartered accountants exist. For a man in high public office and with a charged schedule not to use one is plain daft. The strong inference must be that he is either dodgy or dim. Do the dwindling ranks of Tory voters really want either in charge? Information pours in from every direction that the party is haemorrhaging support like a human leg with a severed femoral artery. You do not need to be a surgeon to know where that leads. The only thing they have on their side is time, but even that will run out. A general election is mandatory by the end of next year and unless they wish to take another risk on a December poll – unlikely – that means late summer next year, or 19 months way. But glimmers of a turnaround in their fortunes come there none. They cannot blame the lacklustre crew facing them across the floor of the Commons. Sir Keir Starmer may have a 20-point lead in the opinion polls but that is by default rather than the charisma of Labour’s leader, cabinet or programme. So here’s the rub. The Tories’ woes are self-inflicted and only they can sort themselves out. It is sad to see a once powerful, disciplined and organised political machine reduced to a shambles, but that is what we all see. Question: can it be sorted and rectified by the same team as has managed to organise it? Alas, no. The odds against are astronomical. All that realistically beckons is a root-and-branch clear-out and a new team. Sorry Mr Sunak, but the chalice you inherited from the bumbler was simply too poisoned to be cured by a couple of aspirins. We need a new broom. Another seemingly falling star is the vastly over-hyped (by himself) Donald Trump, seeking in vain to rustle up noisy enthusiasm for his announcement that he intends to run again for the White House next year. Droves decided to stay away from his rallies, no matter that his office emitted a tsunami of calls and emails urging a vast turnout. Such a tidal wave came there none. The usual symptom of a falling politician is when the financial donors keep their chequebooks buttoned and this is happening across the pond. The new up-and-comer seems to be Florida governor Ron DeSantis, a clean-cut family man and US Navy veteran. He trails the ubiquitous Trump – now being investigated for possibly snaffling classified documents while in office and stashing them at Mar-a-Lago, his Florida bolthole. But DeSantis is closing, even while detained by his Miami duties, he may yet be the one the Republican primaries will choose for November next year. Meanwhile, the Democrats flounder in indecision. The summer/autumn of 2024 will decide many things in both our countries. All we have to do – somehow – is first get through 2023, and rebuild our economy to what it was and ought to be again. Whatever happened to the notion of personal dignity that used to prevail among those who expected us to vote them into positions of power? The question arose on seeing a photo of former premier Boris Johnson just back from his morning jog. The viewer was treated to two trainers surmounted by a pair of fat old legs, shorts, a jumper and atop them all a sagging, weary face and woollen tea-cosy with a coloured bobble. The overall impression was of a middle-aged slob who had overnighted in a hedge. He was flanked by two fit young protection officers who were there, presumably, to protect him from some over-excited women like Nadine Dorries who would like to restore him to Downing Street. Could he not jog and work out in a gym and appear before us in a suit and shirt, maybe even stretching to a tie? Permit yourself a moment of hysteria. Try to imagine Harold Macmillan meeting Charles de Gaulle dressed like an exhausted down-and-out. It is certainly very old-fashioned (a crime nowadays) but I prefer those seeking my vote by claiming to be a statesman to look like one. An elderly neighbour of mine has been spotted and caught perpetrating a crime so serious that, long ago, we used to try such offences at Nuremberg. A speed camera nabbed his car going 37mph in a 30mph zone. It seems he had travelled almost 1,000 yards at this speed on a raised four-lane urban motorway, having missed the speed-change roadside disc, which was probably masked by a juggernaut. Clearly the tiny camera may well have prevented a lot of blood and life loss. He was actually heading into London to visit his seriously ill wife in hospital. Within days, his doormat was paved with a blizzard of forms of immense length and complexity, all emanating from the Metropolitan Police Camera Processing Services (Offence Reports) department. The old fool has been quite rightly reduced to head-in-hands despair. Of the various options, he has chosen to attend a speed awareness course. This means that he will have to travel to a designated lecture room to spend four hours listening to someone probably the age of his grandchild, explaining to him the perils of excessive speed to our whole society. Years ago, confronting the Russians on the West German/East German border, he commanded a squadron of our tanks, so clearly he used to know about risk. At the moment, the Met is arresting its own officers by the van load for rape, groping female colleagues and who knows what else, so it’s heartening to the rest of us to know that the boys in blue still have enough manpower and resources to protect us from the truly lawless, and hound an old codger to near-collapse. When I used to write novels, the story might have been a fiction, but I went to considerable lengths to try to get the background realistic. If I sent my publisher a synopsis with the president of Russia speaking on a direct line to the prime minister, threatening even jovially to have him assassinated, it would have come back with a note: “Dear Freddie, sorry, not this one. Do try and make it feasible.” Yet it seems it once happened. Hard, and quite frightening to hoist aboard, but the leader of this crumbling but still dangerous country is an ex-KGB thug heading a government of gangsters. Given that they are all rich as Croesus, it also means bent as corkscrews. For a Westerner, the abiding mystery is why the broad masses of the Russian people go on cheering the man in the Kremlin. Human losses in Ukraine can skyrocket, the economy crumble and lonely, incredibly brave dissident voices multiply – but nothing seems to affect the obedient gullibility of Russians. But the personal thug army that surrounds Putin are in it for themselves, not him. Loyalty to the blood-stained is for the fairy tales. If the people turned, so would the generals. These careerists would do what needs to be done. Until that happens, we must stay united and give Kyiv whatever it needs to reconquer its homeland.