Instead, 37 percent admitted they “fell into” their career. And the advice they wish they'd been given around their future work life included venturing outside your comfort zone, doing what’s right for you, and always asking if you have a problem. As a result, 84 percent are now actively looking to guide their children on this, with 32 percent believing job satisfaction is more important than money. The survey was commissioned by The Gatsby Foundation, as part of its Talking Futures campaign, which aims to help parents talk to children about education and careers options. Michelle Rea, from the charity, said: “Our careers are heavily influenced by our parents. “Nowadays, there are so many avenues and options that it can be a minefield for parents as they try to help their child navigate their options. “Finding your dream job is possible if you have someone to guide you – and parents can do this simply by being there for their child and sharing their own career wisdom. “By exploring options together, and letting your child find out things for themselves, you can help them carve their own path.” The research also found almost two-thirds of parents (64 percent) think it’s difficult for teenagers to know what do for a living, with 75 percent blaming it on them being too young and not having enough life experience. And 70 percent think the job market is changing so fast, it’s hard to know how best to advise their children about career options and further education. Meanwhile, 41 percent feel overwhelmed by the number of options that are available to them. But 59 percent worry about giving their child the wrong advice – and 42 percent don’t want their child to follow in their footsteps with the job they go into. When choosing a career path, 56 percent of parents are worried their child will end up in a job they don’t enjoy, and 42 percent fear they won’t earn enough to be financially independent. Of those who took part in the study, via OnePoll, 45 percent believe it is harder for the younger generation when choosing a career path than it was for their own generation. And 83 percent think children should regularly review their career aspirations as they move through school and college, so it reflects their skills, interests, and experiences as they develop. Michelle Rea added: “Choosing a career can be a daunting prospect, especially at a young age, and there is constant worry among young people that they might make the wrong decision. “But people change career paths later on down the line, and that is okay. It’s all a learning curve, and sometimes things just don’t work out. “As a parent, gauging your child’s skillset, and finding out their strengths and weaknesses, can really help to steer them in the right direction. “Either way, giving your child support and advice when they need it is what is truly important.”