Carer's Allowance provides a payment of £69.70 a week for a person who cares for another individual for 35 hours a week or more. Payments will be increasing in April by 10.1 percent meaning a claimant will get just over £300 a month. Unfortunately, Carer’s Allowance is not a qualifying benefit for the £900 cost of living payment, which is being paid in three instalments to people on certain means-tested benefits over the coming financial year. But Louise Yasities, elderly care expert at TakingCare Personal Alarms, says this means it’s all the more important for unpaid carers to make sure they are accessing all the support available to them. She explained: “It can be so challenging for carers who may be looking after an elderly parent or relative, especially during the current cost of living crisis where many are trying to juggle their finances. “Following news that the new cost of living payment, which could be as much as £900 for some households, is mean-tested, most carers will be unable to benefit from this. READ MORE: 'A shambles!' Pensioner hit by state pension shortfall after National Insurance error “While this is extremely disappointing for unpaid carers, it means it's more important than ever for them to understand what alternative financial support is available, particularly in light of the cost of living crisis.” She urged unpaid carers to check if they are eligible for Carer’s Allowance, particularly with the 10.1 percent increase coming in April. This will increase the weekly payment from £69.70 to £75.74, increasing payments by around £300 a year. She warned applicants to be mindful that the benefit is taxable and claiming the support could affect a person’s other benefits or future benefits claims.  Ms Yasities said one important eligibility criteria to note is that the person who receives the care must also claim one of these benefits: READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver dispels common myth as she wins £1,050 in February draw The benefits analyst also urged unpaid carers to check if they can claim Carer’s Credit, a National Insurance (NI) credit to cover any gaps in a carer’s record. This is important as NI contributions go towards a person’s state pension, with state pension payments also increasing by 10.1 percent this year. A person typically needs 35 years of contributions to get the full new state pension, which is increasing in April from £185.15 to £203.85. Ms Yasities said: “Claimants must care for someone for a minimum of 20 hours per week, with the credit allowing them to maintain caring responsibilities and still contribute to their State Pension, which is based on NI contributions. “Carer’s Credit is still claimable even if the carer has a short break in caring. This can be up to 12 weeks.” Another means of support for unpaid carers to look at is the help charities and local community support can provide. Help available may include devices such as personal alarms or panic buttons, or events such as lunches and coffee mornings. The care specialist said: “It’s vital that unpaid carers take care of their own wellbeing and seek emotional and financial support where required to help alleviate some of the stresses that come with caring for an elderly loved one, and seeking the right level of support is an important place to start.” Carer’s Allowance payments will increase with the start of the new tax year, in just under two months time on April 6.