Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta could make up to three changes for the visit of Brentford on Saturday. The Gunners are aiming to get back on track following their shock defeat to relegation-threatened Everton. Express Sport looks at the XI Arteta is expected to pick at the Emirates. Aaron Ramsdale has kept just two home clean sheets in the Premier League this season. The England international made a mistake in the last match on home turf against Manchester United. But he didn't do much wrong against Everton and will continue to keep up his 100 per cent record of starting every league game this campaign. Ramsdale will be attempting to keep Ivan Toney at bay, with the striker looking to add to his 13 goals. READ MORE: Aubameyang's Chelsea nightmare: Arsenal taunts, Barcelona snub, Potter 'shock'  The defence sees the first change by Arteta and a possible second. Ben White has started every league game at right-back this term but has just dipped slightly in recent weeks. Arteta has not been averse to taking the England man off and bringing on Takehiro Tomiyasu, who could come in on the right of defence. Left-back may also be a position under consideration. Arteta may be tempted to save Oleksandr Zinchenko for the visit of his old team Manchester City next Wednesday and bring in Kieran Tierney. But the Ukraine star is so important to how Arsenal play so could well keep his spot from the start, with William Saliba and Gabriel in the middle of the back four. DON'T MISSLiverpool may have new XI to save their season after triple injury boostBarcelona president's transfer promise will worry Man Utd and Man CityMan Utd facing Garnacho contract issue as Ten Hag relationship seems rocky  Maybe it was just a coincidence that as soon as Thomas Partey went off against Everton, the Toffees scored the eventual winner. Jorginho came on in his place but the Ghana star will start again if fit. Arteta has settled on a preferred midfield three and won't want to rest either Martin Odegaard or Granit Xhaka. Fabio Vieira is waiting for his chance and did score in the reverse fixture in west London - his only Premier League start to date. But Arteta knows Brentford are no pushovers and cannot afford to leave out his star midfielders.  Gabriel Martinelli has had a dip in form of late. The Brazilian isn't scoring but is also not having the same impact on a game as he was earlier in the campaign. Leandro Trossard could well be handed his full league debut for the Gunners. He has impressed in his appearances so far since his January move from Brighton. Eddie Nketiah remains the only fit striker available and will start again. Bukayo Saka is set to make it 57 starts in the last 60 league games. Arsenal expected XI vs Brentford in full: Ramsdale; Tomiyasu, Saliba, Gabriel, Zinchenko; Partey, Odegaard, Xhaka; Saka, Nketiah, Trossard. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 