Viewers of Channel 4’s Undercover Boss saw the director of the chocolate store reward Kathy, one of the chocolate makers, for being such a hard worker and giving the company 21 years of her life. In shock, Kathy told her boss: “Really and truly I’m overwhelmed. Thank you so much. “For Purdy’s to do something like this it shows me and everyone that they do appreciate what we do.” Undercover Boss shows the journey of bosses who go in disguise among their own staff to see where their firm is excelling and where it needs improvement. When explaining her motivations for taking the job at Purdy’s and staying in it so long, Kathy said: “I took the job because I love chocolate, but I stayed because I really liked it, i thought it was neat. “I had plans to retire but I had a grandson, and my husband and I chose to help our daughter and raise this boy. I thought I need to work now for sure.” Being able to work at Purdy’s has given Kathy the chance to provide and afford an education for her grandson, Andrew. READ MORE: Dragons' Den rejects triple their sales overnight despite product being labelled 'risky' The undercover boss said: “She just takes care of everybody. “It sounds like she has a lot going on when she goes home.” After revealing herself as the undercover boss, Ms Dean wanted to help Kathy make her life a bit easier. She vowed to put standing bars in each station in the factory to alleviate a bit of the pressure and discomfort that comes from standing on concrete all day making the chocolate.  READ MORE: Octopus customer had almost £1,000 'wiped' from her energy bill - are you eligible? The undercover boss valued Kathy’s loyalty as a long-term employee as she is the one who can “pass down traditions,” to the newer team. She said: “Your passion and dedication to our quality was overwhelming. “Long-term employees are what makes Purdy’s so special, and as we evolve we can’t lose sight of the knowledge and history you bring.” Learning about her care duties to her husband and the sacrifices it took to bring up her grandson, Ms Dean wanted to help Kathy further.  She continued: “You mentioned that you would have retired a little earlier if you didn’t choose to put Andrew through school. “I wanted to think of a way to help you and that would be by helping your grandson, so we are going to pay his last two years' tuition. “You don’t have to worry for about another cent for his education, we will help make that happen.” Episodes of Undercover Boss are available on All 4.