The amount people can save into their pensions each year without being taxed could be increased as the Government looks at ways to convince over-50s to stay in work. The annual allowance currently stands at £40,000 but this leads to some professionals – including NHS doctors – choosing to retire early rather than have to pay income tax on their pension pot. The pensions lifetime allowance, or LTA, caps the maximum amount Britons can save across all company and personal pension schemes at £1,073,100 for the 2022 to 23 tax year. The proposal to increase the tax-free allowance is being considered by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt as part of his plan to encourage higher earners to stay in the work force, The Telegraph reports.  Meanwhile, a pension expert has shared her number one tip for retirement planning to help Britons avoid being hit with the 55 percent tax on their pension. Amy Pethers, financial planner at wealth manager RBC Brewin Dolphin said there are ways to avoid being hit with a tax charge of 55 percent on any amount above the allowance. She said: "If you take several large sums from your pension over a few months, this may push you into a higher-rate tax bracket and you could temporarily be subject to emergency tax as HMRC may think you plan on doing this for the rest of the tax year. "It often makes more sense to spread the cash that you take from your pension over the months and proceeding years so that you have a clear plan in place cognisant of the tax that you will be paying."  She said it pays to be clever about retirement planning and how much money to withdraw from pension pots. She continued: "For example, withdrawing less than £50,271 from your pension (and any other income sources) will ensure you only pay tax at a basic level of 20 percent." "However, if you withdrew £50,271 or over you would move into the higher tax bracket. The benefit of pension drawdown enables you to vary your retirement income from year to year. "Which allows you to keep it within a certain threshold. You should also think about what other assets you have available, for example, if you have sufficient savings within your ISA you can withdraw this as tax-free income without impacting your tax bracket. This is one reason why ISAs alongside pensions can be very useful in retirement."  From April 2023 those on the full new state pension will see their weekly payments increase from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. Pensioners on the full basic state pension will also get a payment boost with their payments increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20. When it comes to the state pension, not everyone is entitled to the full state pension as it depends on whether they have 35 years of National Insurance records. Britons can check their state pension forecast on the Government website.  