Manchester United are reportedly set to receive a mega-money takeover offer from Qatari investors, who would hand Erik ten Hag a huge transfer war-chest if they complete a deal to buy the club. Ten Hag was appointed Red Devils manager last year and he has since overseen a precipitous upturn in fortunes at Old Trafford.  According to the Daily Mail, a group of private, high-wealth individuals based in Qatar want to buy United as they view the club as ‘football’s crown jewels.’ They are set to put their offer forward in the coming days and are confident they will be able to blow rival bids out of the water. “There are significant funds available," sources told the publication. “These people are serious. They want to make sure that United are where they should be and they are confident theirs will be the strongest bid. They want to strengthen the squad to put them back at the top but they also want this to be for the good of the community. “They also want to build on the success of the World Cup. They recognise that Manchester United is the biggest football club in the world, the crown jewels, and there is a steely-minded determination to buy it and get it to where it should be.” READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    United are currently owned by the Glazers, who took control of the club in 2005. And the American family are seeking £6billion in exchange for the Red Devils after giving potential suitors until mid-February to put their offers forward. If the Qatari investors are successful in their bid, they would have no problem funding either the development of Old Trafford or a new state-of-the-art facility if they decide to knock down the team’s current home. The project could cost the high-wealth individuals more than £2b, and they may decide to seek the views of supporters about the future of the stadium as they see fan engagement as a fundamental part of their bid. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning   The Qatari investors are keen for the process to reach a quick conclusion and have no interest in taking a partial stake, with only a full-blown takeover being discussed. And the group want to use the knowledge gained from hosting the World Cup as they look for a new project. The Premier League would need to approve any takeover, with the bid likely to face some opposition due to concerns over Qatar’s human rights record. Meanwhile, US bank Raine, who are overseeing the sale, have already shared financial information with other parties who are interested in acquiring the Red Devils, with Britain’s richest man Jim Ratcliffe also in the running to complete a takeover.  