Andrew was left furious when he received a £100 fine for leaving his car at the Homebargains car park after spending £317 at the store. He has now vowed to never return again despite the fine being cancelled as a "gesture of goodwill". Andrew and his wife were caught by parking wardens after spending around two hours shopping and were given a £100 fine for out-staying the car park’s 90-minute maximum time limit. Andrew, a 53-year-old chauffeur told The Northern Echo: “We’d been in Newcastle for a hospital appointment and called at Home Bargains on the way home for a bit of Christmas shopping. “We spent £317 in the store, I’ve still got the receipt to prove it. “After New Year we got a letter in the post with a £100 fine for being parked too long. It’s so unfair – we’d only been in the store, it’s not as if we parked there and went somewhere else. READ MORE: Driving licence and fitness tests warning issued to elderly drivers “I will never go back to Home Bargains after this.” A Parking Charge Notice sent to Andrew’s home in Tow Law, County Durham said he had been parked at the store for two hours and two minutes. He said: “We were there just over two hours. It was four days before Christmas so it was really busy and we couldn’t get around the store in that time. "We must have spent about 20 minutes in the queue for the tills. I’m sure we won’t be the only ones this has happened to. It’d be quite easy to go over the hour and a half. DON'T MISS Classic car owners may avoid huge ULEZ charges with loophole [INSIGHT] Major pavement parking law changes could see drivers fined £70 [REVEAL] Motorists warned of huge DVLA driving licence fines for common offence [WARNING] “My wife has had a major operation so can’t move as quickly or help pack the bags. There are lots of vulnerable people who’d struggle.” Andrew says he queried the penalty charge at the store but was told to contact Parking Eye, the firm responsible for running the car park. The parking company lowered his fine to £20 which he paid on January 31. He said: “I went into the store and asked them what they could do about it but I was told to get in touch with Parking Eye. READ MORE: 'Wholly irresponsible' fuel-saving tip attacked as drivers warned “I contacted them and they reduced the fine to £20 which I paid a couple of weeks ago. “They shouldn’t be able to do this. In these hard times when everyone’s worried about their bills and no one needs the stress of these parking tickets.” Parking Eye has now agreed to refund Andrew’s fine. A spokesperson for the firm said: “The car park at Home Bargains in Stanley features four prominent and highly-visible signs throughout providing information on how to use the car park responsibly, including guidance on how all customers using the car park have a 1.5-hour maximum stay period. “The motorist received a Parking Charge Notice due to parking for over two hours. However, following a review of the case we have cancelled the notice as a gesture of goodwill. “Parking Eye operates a BPA (British Parking Association) audited appeals process, which motorists can use to appeal their Parking Charge Notice. "If anyone has mitigating circumstances, we would encourage them to highlight this by appealing. All motorists are also entitled to a further appeal via the independent appeals service POPLA.” Home Bargains has been contacted for a comment.