Despite having access to some of the most exclusive designers and wardrobes in the world, the royals often find themselves wearing the same outfits. Kate, Princess of Wales and Princess Eugenie once wore almost identical dresses just weeks apart. On May 20, 2019, Kate stepped out alongside Prince William and Queen Elizabeth II to show them around the Back to Nature Garden she helped design. She donned the Shebah Floral Gown by Erdem, priced at around £2,745, according to Kate's Closet. This was a gorgeous ankle-length summer dress which was perfect for the occasion. Walking amongst the greenery Kate's dress was the perfect floral number. READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short'  It was predominantly white but covered in yellow, emerald and lilac flowers. The dress was described by Kate's Closet as follows: "Erdem's 'Shebah' gown is crafted of white cotton-silk voile printed with a multi-coloured floral pattern. "Showcasing the Victorian influence on the British label, this high-neck style is accented with white crocheted lace and raw-edge ruffled trim." The then-Duchess paired the dress with some trendy espadrille wedges in camel. As for accessories, she went for a pair of pearl earrings in the shape of a flower, revealed by her half-up hairdo. Kate opted for her signature make-up look, bronzed cheeks, a sweep of blush, pink lipstick and a dark smokey eye. Just weeks before, Princess Eugenie wore a strikingly similar dress but with one major difference. Stepping out with the Queen for a Royal Maundy Service, Eugenie too went for a stylish Erdem creation. READ MORE: Meghan's fashion choice that Princess Diana would avoid - pictures  This was a white dress with the same floral pattern as Kate's, in a very similar colour palette. However, in contrast to Kate, who opted for a longer dress, Eugenie went for a mini-dress style, allowing her to showcase her enviable legs. The sleeves and collar were a little different to Kate's too. While Kate's sleeves were mid-length, Eugenie's had full sleeves. Eugenie's collar was also ruffled whereas Kate's boasted a little lace detail. The Princess went for a half-up, half-down do, complete with a navy braided headband. Sisters Beatrice and Eugenie are both known for their love of headbands, hatbands and fascinators. Eugenie's shoes, a pair of navy satin pups, perfectly complemented her headband. As for make-up, the royal went for a baby pink shimmery lip, a touch of blush and dark eyeliner.