Francis Ngannou has indicated that he is locked in on Tyson Fury. The former UFC heavyweight champion uploaded a video of himself running on a treadmill while studying Fury’s last fight against Derek Chisora. Ngannou recently parted ways with the UFC and is now set to make the transition to professional boxing. Anthony Joshua, Deontay Wilder and Fury have all been teased as possible options by the Cameroonian for his debut. But his latest upload may be an inclination that he prefers the latter of the three. Fury and Ngannou were set to square off last year following the Mancunian’s brief retirement from professional boxing. However, with Ngannou still signed to a UFC contract back then, a deal was not able to be struck. But since cutting ties with the MMA giants the fight is back on the table and both parties appear to be very keen on making it happen. Fury recently staked his claim to a fight with the knockout artist by setting the terms for a blockbuster hybrid boxing bout. He affirmed that the contest should be fought in a cage, in 4oz gloves with boxing legend Mike Tyson as the referee. “Francis Ngannou, I know you're out of contract with the UFC," he told Seconds Out. "If you want to earn some big boy money come and see The Gypsy King and let's do a big fight for the baddest MF on the planet and let's kick it up spicy, in a cage, with four-ounce gloves under Queensbury and let's have a bad a** referee like Iron Mike Tyson." Ngannou has since come out and accepted the terms. Although Joshua hasn’t responded personally to Ngannou’s call out his promoter Eddie Hearn has and recently revealed that he held a meeting with the MMA star. “Yes [I’ve talked to Francis Ngannou], I think he’s an outstanding man. I always talk too much, and I don’t want to talk too much about what was said,” he told Ariel Helwani during a recent appearance on The MMA Hour. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua vs Franklin almost scrapped as disaster avoided at last minute Tyson Fury already has next bout after Usyk clash pencilled in Fury makes chilling 'ambulance' comment in scary warning to Paul “[The meeting was] maybe last week… We didn’t go too deeply into stuff but I respect him greatly for the way he’s handled his career. To the point now where he’s in a fantastic position. He has a new ocean to navigate, which is a lot more rocky than the world of MMA and UFC." He added: “He’s in the wild west of boxing… We’ll see what happens. For me, we would love to be involved in his career. The Anthony Joshua fight is just probably one of the biggest fights that could be made across any kind of sport. Obviously, the Tyson Fury fight is there for him as well. I was pretty captivated by him. I’m not a massive MMA fan, but I respect what he’s done there. "He’s got a golden opportunity now to really solidified himself and many generations beyond him through being involved in an event, that would be one of the biggest in fight sports history. [For his first boxing match] I think he should fight Anthony Joshua.”