Serena Williams featured both before and during Super Bowl LVII last Sunday, but she wasn't the only member of her family who played a part in the build-up. The tennis icon was in attendance as the Kansas City Chiefs notched a dramatic win over the Philadelphia Eagles, thanks to an inspirational display from quarterback Patrick Mahones. The tennis star, who previously admitted she was likely to cry during Rihanna's half time performance, also attended the famous after party. But prior to that, she also starred in two commercials, which aired in the first quarter. The first was to promote Remy Martin cognac, with the 23-time Grand Slam champion reciting the famous Al Pacino 'inches' speech from Any Given Sunday. She also teamed up with Brian Cox for Michelob Ultra, playing 'Caddyshack' golf with actor Danny Noonan carrying her bag. And now it has emerged that daughter Olympia, 5, was there to help as she practiced filimg for the Remy Martin ad. The American took a break from her sport to start a family, and eventually walked away from tennis after the US Open last September. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu signs up to new mixed doubles event and picks familiar partner Footage on the 41-year-old's TikTok account has revealed a heartwarming backstage moment during the filming, with the youngster sitting on her mum's lap during a break. The short video was captioned: "Behind the scenes with my baby girl. I love her so much, adding: "Remy Martin Superbowl commercial. #2023 #momsoftiktok." And Olympia herself seemed more than happy in her floral-themed dress, smiling broadly. She's no stranger to the sporting scene mind, with Williams previously sharing pictures of her happily playing soccer on social media. DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic was 'nervous' about being booed but tough year down to 'his own choice'Carlos Alcaraz makes harsh comeback confession following first match in more than 100 daysDominic Thiem backtracks after snubbing Federer for Djokovic and Nadal in GOAT verdict  There has been much speculation as to whether Williams will perform a u-turn on her retirement. She initially cited the desire to have a second child as a reason to stepping away. Addressing the issue this month, she said: "I for sure feel more at peace now. It's interesting. I think I feel torn because I'm still able to play at a very, very, very high level. With that being said, I always wanted to leave the game playing at a very high level."