One way to make savings as the cost of living crisis bites could be for those eligible to get a TV licence refund. A TV licence is needed in the UK to watch any programme that is being broadcasted or streamed live, or for programmes on BBC iPlayer. Experts at Uswitch have provided insight on whether people need to renew their TV licence this year. With millions of Britons choosing to stream TV shows on-demand, avoiding live TV and BBC iPlayer, they could potentially save £159 on a TV licence. People do not need a TV licence if they only stream on-demand shows across services such as Netflix, Prime and Disney+. Additionally, they do not need a licence to stream catch-up content across platforms, including ITV X and All 4, according to Uswitch.com, the comparison and switching service. A TV licence is needed to watch live content that is on streaming services, such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. READ MORE: Pensioners could see £1,000 annual income boost as annuity rates rise by 40% Nick Baker, TV and streaming expert at Uswitch said: “A TV licence is a legal requirement if you want to use BBC iPlayer, or watch live television, such as sporting events, on any channel, streaming service or device. “This means that if you fail to pay the fee, you are breaking the law and could face going to court and receiving a fine of up to £1,000. “Purchasing a TV licence costs £159 a year. However, with the current cost of living crisis squeezing many households' budgets, many will be considering whether they need to renew their TV licence. “You do not need a TV licence to stream on-demand shows across services such as Netflix, Prime and Disney+, nor do you need a licence to stream catch-up content across platforms, including ITV X and All 4.” Mr Baker explained with millions of Britons opting for on-demand streaming services that have thousands of shows and films available, it’s easy to find plenty to watch without paying a TV licence fee to watch live TV and BBC iPlayer. READ MORE: British Gas, E.On and OVO customers could get cash grants towards their energy bills Also, with the increase in smart TV devices, it’s easier than ever to stream content on television for the whole family to watch. However, he noted that streaming services like Netflix and Amazon Prime require speeds of 1.5Mbps and above for SD streaming and 2.8Mbps for HD streaming. If people plan on streaming TV shows this year, it’s important they have the correct connection speeds to avoid buffering. With household bills across the country increasing, it’s worth comparing broadband deals to ensure people are getting the right speed at the best price, he said. Mr Baker added: “Despite there being many options to avoid paying for a TV licence, some households rely on live television or simply enjoy the content BBC iPlayer offers. “Remember, if you decide that a TV licence fits your household’s viewing habits, it is important to renew your licence online or by calling TV Licensing.” People can request a refund for their TV Licence if they won’t need their licence again before it expires, and they have at least one complete month left on it. Alternatively, they won’t need one if their licence expired less than two years ago. If someone is eligible for an over 75 or blind concession, they can apply at any time and for any length of time left on their licence. Britons can apply for a refund up to 14 days before the date they no longer need the TV licence. Even if people have forked out for the BBC licence fee already, they can follow a few simple steps to get their money back. Those interested can apply for a refund on their television licence if they will not need it again before its expiration date. Those applying for the refund will not need to calculate out how much they are owed as this will be done for them by TV Licensing.