With the lighter days and signs of spring on the way, now’s a good time for green-fingered Britons to get back out in the garden. Here gardening expert Chris Bonnett from GardeningExpress.co.uk looks at the plants which will add some late winter colour to your garden. These brighter days, the warmth of the winter sun and the first signs of spring now starting to show will get even the most reluctant novice gardener out and ready to get their hands dirty. The late winter bloomers really come into their own at this time of year adding a splash of colour and interest to the garden. So what should you be planting to ensure a stunning display next winter? Here’s my guide on the best, hardy plants for winter interest: READ MORE: Heating specialist shares how to avoid £300 log burner fine This beautiful Winter Jasmine has cheery yellow flowers which brighten up even the bleakest winter and early spring days. Bright green stems and dark green shoots add more interest to this vigorous climber. It’s easy to train on a trellis or simply plant and give it room to show off. This plant will need regular pruning. Acer Sango Kaku will provide interest in your garden all through the winter months with its stunning flaming coral red bark. The soft green leaves are a sharp contrast to the bark as they begin to shoot through in the spring. This can be grown on the patio in a large pot or as a stand-alone in the garden. DON'T MISSMethod to ‘instantly’ kill driveway and patio weeds for good [EXPLAINER]5 things to plant in containers now for ‘beautiful’ lasting blooms [INSIGHT]Kitchen cupboard item can ‘prolong’ the life of cut roses [COMMENT] This hardy shrub is a real show-stopper in a winter garden with its ribbon-like, spidery flowers in vibrant shades of red, purple and pink. Flowers burst from the stems in January and February - early insects will love the lightly fragranced blooms. To get the best out of this plant, grow in full or part sun and plant into well-drained, moisture-retentive soil. These are best planted between October and April as long as the ground isn’t waterlogged or frozen. This deciduous shrub has delicate pink flowers in summer and large clusters of white bead-like berries throughout autumn and winter. Foliage is green in summer and golden in autumn. This plant will brighten up any winter border with the added bonus that birds enjoy the ripe berries. Winter Honeysuckle is the perfect addition to any winter garden. The bare stems are adorned with fragrant, creamy white flowers from December onwards. When the leaves start to regrow, they’re a rich shade of green with a hint of purple. Plant by a wall or fence and in a spot where you can enjoy the gorgeous fragrance. This handsome evergreen shrub will stand out during the winter with its glossy, dark green deeply veined foliage and large heads of white flowers. Viburnum Davidii will form a dense evergreen low hedge or ground cover and will tolerate poor soils and problem areas like slopes or banks.