In addition, he also tipped three essentials from the freezer – peas, sweet potato, and garlic – as key ingredients for plenty of dishes. Jamie reckons you could create meals from as little as 40p per head – but no more than £1 a portion – using such items as a base for at least a week’s worth of delicious dinners. The advice comes after research of 2,000 adults, commissioned by Tesco, revealed 43 percent are planning to spend less on their essentials this year. Chef Jamie Oliver, who has collaborated with the supermarket to create value-friendly store-cupboard dishes to give shoppers inspiration, said: “Research shows many people are trying to find ways to spend less on their food shop this year, and looking for ingredients that will make more meals for less. “For that, the store cupboard is your best friend. It’s a brilliant library of non-perishable items that have the ability to make lots of delicious, nutritious meals on a budget. “To highlight the wonderful ways these hard-working ingredients can help in the kitchen, I've teamed up with Tesco to share my store cupboard essentials. “I’ve also included seven delicious recipes using them, that come in from just 40p per portion when you take advantage of the supermarket’s Low Everyday Prices, Clubcard Prices, and Aldi Price Match.” In a video, the Essex-born chef explains how items such as flour, lentils, and tinned tomatoes can not only save you time, but also money, when it comes to preparing meals for the family – as well as how much you could save by revisiting your store cupboard essentials. The guidance was inspired by the findings of the study, which found increases in energy bills in colder months was the main reason respondents were looking to spend less on their food shop. Of those looking to tighten their spending this year, 63 percent were planning to do so by using up all the items in their cupboards, and 62 percent will cook frozen items they already have. To make their money go further, 37 percent intend to plan meals and only buy what they need, while the same percentage will sign up to loyalty schemes for discounts, and 31 percent plan to shop in reduced sections. It also emerged bread, eggs, pasta, and rice were consumers' most essential items, alongside baked beans, either vegetable or olive oil, and packet seasonings. And the low-cost dishes respondents default to when trying to save money are beans on toast, a jacket potato, and soups – while stews, omelettes, and pasta bakes are also popular. But more than a fifth (22 percent) of those polled, via OnePoll, always use ingredients in the same way, because they lack inspiration. As a result, Jamie Oliver has suggested some new dishes to help those looking for inspiration on how to use up their store cupboard ingredients – including Sweet Potato and Pepper Tikka Masala, Spicy Store Cupboard Soup, and Odds and Ends Arrabbiata Al Forno.