Camilla, Queen Consort has been praised for her "diplomatic" choice to wear Queen Mary's crown for the Coronation of her and King Charles in May at Westminster Abbey. The Queen Consort will avoid the controversial Koh-i-Noor diamond, a 105-year-old stone which is also claimed by India, among other nations. Buckingham Palace confirmed on Monday that Camilla would wear Queen Mary's crown in the interests of "sustainability and efficiency" as there had been fears of causing a row with India. The crown she will wear instead was commissioned for the Coronation of King George V and his consort Queen Mary in 1911. It marks the first time since the 18th century that a crown will be reused for a Coronation. Her crown used to contain the Koh-i-Noor, however that was taken out and put into the crown worn by the Queen Mother for her and King George VI's Coronation in 1937. The Koh-i-Noor diamond was seized by the East India company in the 19th century and given to Queen Victoria, with the Indian government raising fears it would be an unwelcome reminder of the UK's colonial past. Nigel Fletcher, a teaching fellow in politics and contemporary history at King's College London, told the Daily Mail: "This is a smart solution to the problem of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, and avoids the inevitable controversy which surrounds that stone. "Wearing it during the Coronation, as the last two Queens Consort have done, would today seem particularly insensitive, and would have risked a diplomatic row, given that India, Pakistan, Iran and Afghanistan have all claimed ownership over the years." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan to move to 'commercial TV' for booming US audience Historian Priya Atwal said on Twitter it "feels like a big shift that the Koh-i-Noor is not going to be used in the coronation", adding it "feels significant that the royal establishment is now apparently attuned enough to debates about colonial history to drop the gem from the ceremony". Queen Mary's crown has now been taken out of the Tower of London in order to be adjusted before the ceremony on May 6. Diamonds from the late Queen Elizabeth II's personal collection will be added in to the piece, and four of the crown's eight detachable arches will be removed in order to create a different look from Queen Mary's day. DON'T MISS:Royals must warmly welcome Harry and Meghan (they'll be bamboozled! [LATEST]Meghan and Harry issued warning by expert they may be 'too polarising' [SPOTLIGHT]Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore [REVEAL] Buckingham Palace said on Monday: "The choice of Queen Mary's crown by Her Majesty is the first time in recent history that an existing crown will be used for the coronation of a consort instead of a new commission being made, in the interests of sustainability and efficiency. "Some minor changes and additions will be undertaken by the crown jeweller, in keeping with the longstanding tradition that the insertion of jewels is unique to the occasion, and reflects the consort's individual style." Dr Fletcher said of the decision to modify the crown was an old tradition, as well as a gesture of "less extravagance". 