The legendary Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s NBA points record has been broken after 39 years, as LeBron James surpassed his tally on Tuesday night against Oklahoma Thunder City. The 38-year-old was an emotional figure after finally hitting Abdul-Jabbar's total of 38,387 points, and becomes the new all-time NBA scorer. James moved clear in the all-time NBA scoring charts after scoring the 36 points required in just three quarters against the Thunder on Tuesday. The Los Angeles Lakers star has been closing in on the record for some time, and this season became only the second player to hit 38,000 points. His incredible 30.2 average this season has seen him hone in on the record quicker than expected, and now he will look to make his tally unreachable for generations to come. James has set many records during his 20-year tenure in the NBA, but this was an achievement that not even the four-time MVP thought could be matched. James was an emotional figure upon breaking the record, and has rightly been hailed for his insane contribution to NBA history. There may be a debate over who is the greatest NBA player of all-time, with James' name circulating in the conversation with Michael Jordan and also Abdul-Jabbar. But when it comes to points scored, no one will be able to content with James from now on. James will have his sights on becoming the only player to ever reach 40,000 points between now and the end of his career, something he couldn't have imagined when making his debut all those years ago. "I think it’s one of the greatest records in sports in general," James said ahead of breaking the record. "It’s one of those records that you just don’t ever see or think that would be broken." James now has four MVP awards to his name, along with four NBA Championship wins, and the all-time point record. James would love to add a fifth NBA title to his collection, although it's not looking like success will return to the Lakers anytime soon. They're still dealing with a negative record this season, although James would love to make the play-offs. Despite pressure on the Lakers to make positive trades before the Thursday deadline, they haven't bolstered their roster as much as James would have liked. They added Rui Hachimura from the Washington Wizards, but look to have missed out on Kyrie Irving, who traded the Brooklyn Nets for the Dallas Mavericks. James still believes in his team though, and thinks they can compete with anybody. "We move on and try to finish the season strong and get a bid into the postseason where I feel if we go in healthy, we can compete with anybody," he said.