Saving money is high on most people's agenda right now and the good news is making some simple swaps could help people save up to £500 a year. Buying food and drink staples like coffee, olive oil, cheese and peanut butter from Lidl instead of one of the bigger supermarkets could save people a staggering £470 a year.  It doesn't mean compromising on taste either - Which? and the Good Housekeeping Institute found more than 30 Lidl own label products beat top brands and other retailers in taste tests last year. Lidl has conducted research which shows simply opting for products like its Mature Cheddar Slices (£1.99) over Marks and Spencer’s version, will knock nearly £60 off the food shop each year. Additional savings can be made by switching to Lidl Italian Ground Coffee – which is £101.83 cheaper per year than Illy. Meanwhile, Lidl’s Choco Nussa Spread can save shoppers almost £50 annually when purchased instead of Nutella. READ MORE: State pensioners with 56 health conditions could claim £400 a month  Peter de Roos, Chief Commercial Officer at Lidl GB, said its research goes to show that saving money doesn't mean compromising on taste. He said: “These independent, industry-leading tests illustrate that Lidl’s own label products are better than some of Britain’s best-loved brands, yet at lower prices. “More people are switching to Lidl for this reason, and we remain focused on helping shoppers make real savings – without having to compromise on taste or quality.” Lidl claims that shoppers could save £101.83 a year by swapping from the Illy Espresso Medium Roast Ground Coffee priced at £6.50 for 250g for Lidl’s budget option which costs nearly three times less at just £1.79 for 227g. DON'T MISS:Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment this year [UPDATE]Santander announces interest rate rise on savings accounts [ALERT]Yorkshire Building Society offers market-leading rate on savings [UPDATE] In a Which? taste test, Nutella’s popular spread, costing £3.35 per 350g jar, was beaten by Which?’s best value pick, Lidl’s Choco Nussa Spread, which scored highly on taste and costs only £1.45 per 400g jar. Opting for Lidl’s spread will save shoppers £1.90 per jar and £49.40 a year, on the basis of a jar being bought every two weeks. Which? testers compared popular peanut butter brands WholeEarth, Sun-Pat, and KP against supermarkets and again found Lidl’s Mister Choc Crunchy Peanut Butter is the best value pick, costing just £1.25 for 340g, Shoppers could save £1.75 per jar by switching to Lidl’s offering instead on Sun-Past, on the basis that a jar is bought every two weeks. Compared with the Best Buy option from Waitrose, Lidl shoppers can save £33.24 per year by swapping to its No.1 Chianti Classico Olive Oil P.D.O priced at £12.50.   Meanwhile, people coud save £9.23 this summer on ice cream cones, £47 a year on vegan sausages, £125 on vegan burgers and £57 a year on cheese slices. Personal finance blogger, Charlotte recently told Express.co.uk simple supermarket swaps could save people around £500 a year. She recommends downshifting which also includes swapping to the frozen versions of food they would usually buy fresh. Charlotte said: “The idea of supermarket downshifting is that when you next go grocery shopping you ‘step down’ a level from the product you usually get."   She continued: “They can be a lot cheaper and with the majority of things, especially meat, you can't tell the difference - plus it can help cut down on food waste. “Chances are you won’t notice a difference taste wise but it could make a big difference to your bill." To keep costs to a minimum, it’s also important to make a meal plan and strictly follow a shopping list.  