The truth is that there is a vicious struggle, but it runs much deeper than loyalty to an individual or somebody’s personal ambitions. The appointment of Lee Anderson as deputy chairman has finally lifted a lid on what is going on with a series of crude briefings against him by Tory wets, particularly ministers. This was summed up by an appalling slur on him and those political close to him carried in the choice destination of Tory liberals t, the largely anti-conservative (with a small c) Times. This weekend we had this gem in the Times Red Box from Patrick Maguire about Anderson: “Until [his] unexpected elevation this week [Anderson] had found a happy home among a group of midlands backbenchers, mostly elected in 2019, which some ministers have taken to calling ‘the thugs’ or ‘fascist corner’ on account of their outspoken style and unashamed authoritarianism on questions of law, order and borders.” For those in Westminster it does not require Sherlock Holmesian skills in investigation to know who is being referred to. Four names of 2019 Midland MPs immediately spring to mind, ones which Express readers will know well and largely see as close to their world view. Along with Lee Anderson we have his close friend Marco Longhi, the MP for Dudley North; then the two former teachers Brendan Clarke-Smith, MP for Bassetlaw; and Jonathan Gullis, MP for Stoke North. All four are no-nonsense red blooded, patriotic, Brexiteer conservatives who want Britain to take back control of our borders and restore a semblance of law and order on our streets. It is fair to say that they are on the protecting statues and not messing about with gender identification side of the culture wars and are not exactly thrilled by the net zero agenda. They question why a foreign court based in Strasbourg (the European Court of Human Rights) can block laws made by democratically elected politicians in Britain. And, as we found out this week, there is some support for capital punishment for the people responsible for the most heinous crimes. They were also – perhaps not by coincidence – supporters of Boris Johnson if not all of his policies. As one senior MP dryly noted to me, the “fascist corner” is particularly offensive to Mr Longhi who, as his name suggests, has strong Italian heritage and family. The MP added: "Let’s be clear, Marco reveres the memory and represents the values of Churchill not Mussolini." But these lazy insults, widely used by the Left, go along with “far right” and all the other demonising terms used now to dismiss anybody with actual conservative values rather than hold a serious debate. What it does underline though is that after 18 years of having a candidate selection policy which largely blocked real conservatives from standing for traditionally safe Conservative seats, the party has a significant number of MPs who hold conservative values in disdain. This is the real struggle going on in the party – it is between real conservatives and liberals. But this pocket of Midlands 2019ers are certainly not the only ones to be targeted with this sort of slur. There have been dreadful things said about Penistone and Stocksbridge MP Miriam Cates, known for her social conservatism and standing up for women’s safe spaces. Or Natalie Elphicke, the Dover MP who has been on the front line against the small boats. Or Tom Hunt, the Ipswich MP and former special advisor, who has battled on migration and the culture wars. There are quite a few more. The same ministers who targeted Lee Anderson are the ones who were also briefing against Home Secretary Suella Braverman, arguably the only member of the Cabinet to stand up for conservative principles unashamedly. The reaction to the comments in the Times from MPs on the right was more of a sad resignation to where the party has gone. One told me: “Sad to read and even sadder colleagues would buy into a leftwing narrative. I doubt these 'Ministers' have ever actually sat with any of us properly to listen to why we are concerned.” READ MORE: Lee Anderson warns Brexit fight isn't over as he relishes new role Another noted: “I am downhearted. Not for how I know I'm labelled. But because of where we are and the reality of it all.” Significantly, the MP added: “If we are truthful about it all, would it be different with others in charge? It does boil down to what you say. Too many MPs who say they are Conservative but aren't.”  Even if we look at this week’s polling for Express.co.uk by Techne UK, it looks like those making the cases made by the so-called “thugs” are on the side of the public or at the very least Conservative voters. Most of them support low tax and backed Liz Truss’s vision of cutting them which 62 percent of 2019 Conservative voters supported according to the poll. Meanwhile, 47 percent are in favour of a bigger army (which includes 58 percent of Conservatives) compared to 35 percent against. Previous polls have shown public support for getting on with Brexit freedoms and controlling our borders against the small boats. DON'T MISS Sunak's under the radar appointment has Rejoiners spitting feathers [INSIGHT] Crisis for Sunak as 62 percent of Tory voters back Liz Truss tax cuts [REVEAL] POLL – Do MPs deserve a pay rise? [REACT] There is something that links Anderson and all these other MPs who are the subject of such spiteful briefings and it is that all those named above have been members of the Common Sense Group set up by former minister Sir John Hayes. The group had the aim of providing a platform to fight the culture wars and tackle the problems of both illegal and legal immigration. In fact, there are around 50 MPs in the group and some peers. Ms Braverman, as Home Secretary is not a member, but is extremely close to Sir John as a problem with a misdirected email rather underlined. They have had a remarkable amount of influence on policy and it has unnerved people on the liberal wet wing of the party. Just recently it was the Common Sense Group which stiffened the government resolve in not capitulating to attempts by the Lords to water down the Higher Education Freedom of Speech Bill. Ms Cates and Ms Elphicke were on the bill committee for the Online Harms Bill and helped ensure that was not watered down as well. Sir John noted: “It is curious that some of the dim-witted and faint hearted have yet to realise that in a post global, post liberal age what we need is more conservatism not less.” Mr Sunak’s decision to take a tough stance on the small boats and illegal immigration pushing for immediate deportations has been helped by the support he has received from the Common Sensers. And, in fairness, Mr Sunak’s decision to appoint Mr Anderson was a sign that he understood that conservative side of the party needed a voice and a face in a senior campaigning role. That may have also been born out of a desire to protect his own position with many on the right looking at possibly supporting a Boris Johnson return. But Mr Anderson told Express.co.uk that he had been impressed by Sunak’s stance on a range of issues and had changed his mind about him having previously been “anybody but Rishi”. It feels though that Mr Sunak is attempting to keep a lid on tensions which are threatening to boil over. Perhaps the only question is whether the bloodletting which is to come will be before or after an election defeat.