Beijing will dial up its tactics in response to US accusations of spying, a military analyst has told Express.co.uk. Rebekah Koffler, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer, said China will likely conduct "cyber intrusions" while disparaging the US and intensifying tension around Taiwan.  China has already been doing these activities, Koffler claims, but the US should now expect them to be taken to the "next level". She added: "This being said, the incident will not trigger a shooting war between the US and China." The decision to shoot down a suspected Chinese spy balloon off the South Carolina coast on February 4 has sparked a fierce reaction from Beijing and put further strain on US-China relations. The device entered US airspace from Alaska on January 28 before drifting into the middle of the country. READ MORE: China could send 'multiple' spy balloons to 'embarrass' Biden as tensions boil over It was taken out off the sky six miles off the US east coast by a single F-22 fighter jet shot. China insists the balloon was just an errant civilian airship used mainly for meteorological research that went off course due to winds and had only limited “self-steering” capabilities. It also issued a threat of “further actions”. In a statement after the craft was shot down, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the use of force was “an obvious overreaction and a serious violation of international practice", adding: ”China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests." But the US maintains it was a Chinese spy balloon without a doubt. DON'T MISS12-year-old shot dead in stolen car chase [REPORT]Teen kills herself after she is filmed being attacked [LATEST]Democrats turn on Biden over border crisis [INSIGHT] Its presence prompted Secretary of State Antony Blinken to cancel a weekend trip to China aimed at dialling down tensions that were already high. The balloon was equipped to detect and collect intelligence signals as part of a huge, military-linked aerial surveillance program which targeted more than 40 countries, the Biden administration declared in an update on Thursday, citing imagery from American U-2 spy planes. A fleet of balloons operates under the direction of the People’s Liberation Army and is used specifically for spying, outfitted with high-tech equipment designed to gather sensitive information from targets across the globe, the US said. READ MORE: US shoots down 'high-altitude object' spotted flying over Alaska, White House says Details outlining the program’s capabilities were meant to refute China’s persistent denials that the balloon was used for spying. Beijing said US accusations about the balloon amount to "information warfare". Biden defended the decision to shoot down the device. And yet, asked in an interview with Spanish language Telemundo Noticias whether the balloon episode represented a major security breach, he said no. “Look, the total amount of intelligence gathering that’s going on by every country around the world is overwhelming,” he said. “Anyway, it’s not a major breach. I mean, look...it’s a violation of international law. It’s our airspace. And once it comes into our space, we can do what we want with it.” On Capitol Hill, the House voted unanimously to condemn China for a “brazen violation” of US sovereignty and efforts to “deceive the international community through false claims about its intelligence collection campaigns”. Republicans have criticised Biden for not acting sooner to down the balloon, but both parties’ lawmakers came together on the vote: 419-0.