F1 boss Stefano Domenicali has admitted holding talks with the FIA over a new rule change for 2023 after Red Bull’s budget cap penalty last season. Domenicali said checks over possible budget cap breaches needed to be done “earlier” in the season to uphold the “credibility” of F1. He revealed that looking over finances took “too long” last season which was not good for F1. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, Domenicali said: “For the credibility of the sport, this kind of action to check if everyone is respecting that rule, has to be done earlier than later. “So we are discussing, and this is on the FIA side, to make sure that the control and certification will be done much earlier. Because the effect on, and if some teams will be out of it, has to be done in the proper way in the shortest time possible to be more credible. “We see other sports that are taking the finance regulation, in my opinion too long time for a reaction, and this is not good.” Red Bull were found guilty of breaching F1’s 2021 budget cap rules in October last season, days after the Japanese Grand Prix where Max Verstappen secured his second title. READ MORE: Mercedes and Red Bull to receive bonus after accepting F1 rule change The discussions somewhat plagued Red Bull’s 2022 success with the issue dragging out until the end of October when the FIA finally awarded the team penalties. It means Red Bull were finally issued their financial and sporting punishment almost 12 months after the end of the 2021 season. Domenicali has also failed to rule out whether any other teams could be investigated for 2022 breaches this season. When pushed on whether any more dramas would be a “bad smell” for the sport, the F1 boss stressed he hoped the FIA’s actions last year would put other constructors off. He added: “More than nervous. I’m pretty sure that everyone has an understanding now of what is the effect if there is something not going well in that dimension. It is new, so I totally agree that the focus on this aspect will be very big.” DON'T MISSChristian Horner admits Red Bull 'handicapped' by budget penalty [COMMENT]Christian Horner airs feelings on FIA budget cap after Red Bull fine [INSIGHT]F1 chief agrees with new Ferrari boss over calls for rules changes [ANALYSIS] Ex-F1 chief Pat Symonds has hinted changes over the budget cap rules were needed. He has suggested it would be ”really nice” if teams could see budget cap figures in real-time over the course of the season. New Ferrari boss Frederic Vasseur has previously demanded that decisions were made quickly. He explained: “Where we have to work today, firstly, it was far too long. We need to find a way to have a red light before, or to be able to take action much earlier. And we have to probably be a bit more strict on the decision. “Okay, perhaps this was the first one, but from now we have to forget about minor and major. Because for me, two or three million, it’s not minor, it’s mega, for development.”