Liverpool are reportedly weighing up a move for Anderlecht goalkeeper Bart Vebruggen, which could see Caoimhin Kelleher offloaded. The Reds are currently 10th in the Premier League and have looked like a shadow of their former selves, prompting the club to weigh up a major overhaul over the summer. Liverpool’s problems largely lie in the centre of the park, with their current options in that department lacking quality and not getting any younger. Though the Anfield outfit appear to be plotting a shake-up in other departments, including between the sticks. According to The Sun, Liverpool want to sign young Dutch shot-stopper Verbruggen and have put him ‘top of their shopping list’. The 20-year-old has impressed in Belgian Pro League this season, quickly becoming Anderlecht’s No 1 despite making only his second appearance for the club on Boxing Day. Liverpool have reportedly sent scouts to watch Verbruggen’s progress lately and they feel that he is an ideal candidate to succeed Alisson in the future. The Reds are fearful that current second-choice option Kelleher will leave the club this summer, having put himself on the map when rotated into Jurgen Klopp’s side. The Republic of Ireland international has shone when called upon, playing a key role in Liverpool’s successes in the FA Cup and Carabao Cup last season. Kelleher is reportedly keen to play more regular football, and it may suit all parties if he is moved on for a younger replacement to enter the frame. However, former England international Paul Robinson believes that the 24-year-old should only be offloaded if he is desperate to depart. He told Football Insider: “They should not sell him unless he is desperate to leave. If Kelleher is happy to be number two they should keep him. It is a very specialised role as a number two. Your mentality is very different. You prepare all week for a game you know you will most likely not play. “If you have a player of Kelleher’s ability and quality to be the second choice you keep hold of him. Kelleher probably plays 10-15 games a season. It is a very important job. Liverpool lost Alisson through injury or suspension they need a top-class number two. Let’s say they sell him for £25million. To replace him they would have to spend £10-15million so it would not bring in a great deal of money. It is so important that top clubs carry two very good goalkeepers. They should try and keep him for as long as possible.”