Prince Harry’s, 38, memoir Spare unveiled a range of claims involving a variety of Hollywood A-listers including finding “a box of black diamond mushroom chocolates” in Courteney Cox’s fridge. The Friends star, 58, has now responded to the claims, assuring that she “certainly didn’t pass them out”.  Prince Harry recalled how he and his friends had been partying and decided to go to Courteney’s home, believing she was “travelling, on a job, and didn’t mind if we crashed at her place”. The royal, who is a self-described “Friends fanatic”, was instantly excited at the prospect of “crashing at Monica’s” but found himself “very confused” when the actress appeared. In Spare, the Duke claimed Courteney allowed them to stay and went on to detail the crazy party that ensued at her home. During the celebrations, Prince Harry noticed “a huge box of black diamond mushroom chocolates” in the actress’ fridge that were “for everybody”. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden for days as she admits 'I have been poorly for so long now'  The Prince and his friend “grabbed several, gobbled them, washed them down with tequila”. In an interview with Variety ahead of her Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony, Courteney admitted there was some truth to the Prince’s claims. She said: “He did stay here for a couple of days — probably two or three. He’s a really nice person.” However, Courteney also noted she hasn’t yet read Spare but has heard the claims he’s made about his stay at her home, and addressed them saying: “I’m not saying there were mushrooms! I definitely wasn’t passing them out.”  Courteney’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is set to be unveiled later today. The actress first started in the industry as a model in New York City shortly after graduating high school. She earned her first acting accolade on the hit show Family Ties, appearing as Lauren Miller in 19 episodes alongside the series’ breakout star Michael J Fox. Courteney gushed over her co-star, saying that simply watching him work was “the greatest lesson in acting and comedy. He’s just a master”.  The actress went on to build her repertoire, including big films like Ace Ventura and did plenty of guest appearances on shows like Seinfeld but catapulted to international fame in 1994 as Monica Geller. While she was starring in one of the biggest shows of the decade, the shy cast member learned to rely on her co-stars and colleagues. She recalled: “These friendships were at the most important time in my life, and we went through so many things together. “It just taught me about being there for each other — I know, that’s the song, ‘I’ll be there for you’, But it’s true.” Following Friends, Courteney became a sought-after name in the industry, appearing in the Scream film franchise and leading another hit series, Cougar Town, for six seasons.  The actress has also since ventured into behind-the-camera roles as an executive producer. Courteney noted that portraying Gale Weathers in multiple Scream movies was particularly “fun” after her Family Ties and Friends fame as it helped her break away from the “girl next door” typecast. As the sixth Scream film releases later this year, Courteney is the only original cast member to return, as Wednesday breakout star Jenna Ortega leads the next rendition of the classic horror film. The actress concluded noting: “The place I am in right now is the happiest I’ve ever been. There’s a lot of things that are not great about getting older, but there’s a lot of great things and that is being in a place where I love working.”