For years, the advice has been to store potatoes in a cool dark place, somewhere like a cupboard, or ideally a cellar or garage. But now, Aldi is suggesting placing its potatoes in the fridge. @Bethking61 on TikTok captioned her video with: “Maybe I have been living under a rock but I always thought they belonged in a dark cupboard?” The clip showed her zooming in on a bag of white potatoes from Aldi, showing a small sticker on the bag. Beth added her amazement: “Surely no? Does anyone else keep their potatoes in the fridge?? Is this NEW? Is my whole life a lie…” The sticker showed a picture of a blue fridge which had the words “at home store below five degrees Celsius” underneath it. READ MORE: Chef’s ‘easy’ technique to make the ‘most perfect poached egg’ Hundreds of people took to the comments section to share their experiences of storing potatoes in the fridge versus cupboard. Jas said: “I always put mine in the fridge. Keeps them fresher and does not end up growing a tree on top lol.” Debbie chimed: “I've been keeping mine in the fridge for as long as I can remember. Never have sprouts or spoilage.’ Micha added: “Right I kept them in a dark cupboard... they grow mad bits so put them in the fridge they stay good for weeekssss.” Natalie wrote: “Fridge here, they last weeks and weeks.” DON'T MISS...Stop tulips drooping by using a pin or a penny [HOW TO]Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show [COMMENT]Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims [VIDEO] Diane explained: “I always keep mine in the fridge if you leave them out they sprout and also go green in the fridge they last for weeks sometimes months.” Another said: “I always keep my potatoes in the fridge. last for months and doesn't sprout.” It is believed, Aldi, like many other supermarkets are following WRAP official guidance which has recently changed to confirm potatoes should be stored in the fridge. The Food Standards Agency also says "if you wish to help avoid food waste, you can choose to store either in the fridge or in a cool, dark place". READ MORE: Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method Express.co.uk previously reported Lucia Washbrook, sales and marketing director at Branston advice. She said: “With the current climate emergency and the rising cost of living, we need consumers to make changes and follow guidance such as this to seriously tackle food waste in the home, which will also help save them money.” “Storing potatoes in the fridge should obviously be encouraged, but there are many other ways you can make them last, such as storing them in fabric or paper bags rather than plastic and making sure they are kept in the dark. “Those coming towards their end-of-life can be cooked up and frozen into portions ready to use straight from the freezer.” According to Out of Date, “we abandon 4.4 million potatoes every day”, that “adds up to 714,000 tonnes of potatoes wasted every year in our homes”. Potatoes wasted, whether it’s whole, peels or leftover mash, “add up to generate 326,000 tonnes of CO2e every year too”, because of all the energy and resources that go into growing them and getting them to your home. In turn, without these wasted potatoes, we could have the same impact as planting 5.4 million trees every year.