Princess Charlotte might only be seven years old but she has a strong and confident personality. According to a royal expert, the fourth in line to the throne’s feistiness has already earned her a nickname at school. Katie Nicholl, a royal expert has said Charlotte’s nickname was given to her during her time at Willcocks Nursery School. Because of her "feisty" personality, Kate Middleton and Prince William’s second child is affectionately called Warrior Princess. Katie explained: “Apparently she earned that nickname because obviously, she is a Princess, but she’s quite a tomboy. “She loves climbing trees and she's very much an adventurer, she was quite known for her feisty personality. READ MORE: Inside lavish royal home where Queen Mother had her honeymoon “I’m wondering if that might be a nickname that will stick with her,” she told Entertainment Tonight. Warrior Princess is not the only nickname Princess Charlotte has, both Kate and William refer to their daughter in different ways. Prince William is previously said to called Charlotte ‘Mignonette', which means 'small and delicate' in French. Kate, on the other hand, has been heard referring to her daughter as ‘Lottie’ which is a popular abbreviation of Charlotte. DON'T MISS...Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] When visiting Northern Ireland, Kate was in conversation with a member of the public who told her how old their son was. To this, Kate is said to have replied: "Oh, he’s the same age as Lottie." It is not surprising Charlotte has earned the nickname Warrior Princess as she is said to wear the trousers in her family when it comes to her relationships with her siblings. Even her mother seems to have noticed this as she reportedly told a fellow mother that "Charlotte is growing up really fast" and that "she is the one in charge". READ MORE: Grace Kelly had two engagement rings for a remarkable reason The public saw Charlotte being “in charge” when she and her siblings attended Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations last summer. Princess Charlotte made sure Prince Louis wasn’t overdoing it with all the waving, giving him a little nudge. Charlotte also stopped Louis from covering his mouth when in front of the cameras, and also pulled him back to his seat when he stood up. In terms of the dynamic between Charlotte and Prince George, Charlotte was seen reminding her older brother to stand up straight when the national anthem was being sung. In terms of personality, Charlotte is said to be the “most outspoken” of the three Wales children. Katie Nicholl said “she’s got a huge personality” and is “cheeky like William, who was an outgoing little boy who knew his mind”. It comes as Kate and William are reportedly preparing Princess Charlotte for a career instead of becoming a working royal when she’s older.