On the social media platform and parenting forum Mumsnet, a woman said that she doesn't want her mum "to have alien encounters" and asked other users for advice. The woman, under the username @firefliesinjune explained that since she was very young, her mum told her that she had been abducted by aliens. "She says it's the grey ones with almond shaped black eyes," the forum user explained, and added: "As a child I was petrified of the dark, in fact I was until I moved in with my husband." The woman expressed her concern as her mother tried to talk about it in front of her two-year-old son and she is now worried that he will be frightened. She assured that her mum is a "relatively normal lady" but admitted that she can't get her head around this. "I don't want her to talk about anything like this around me as it freaks me out!" She added that while she doesn't believe her, she did when she was younger and she recently spoke to her doctor about it. READ MORE: Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others The doctor reportedly told her that surprisingly, "many people believe the same thing". In fact, other forum users claimed that they have experienced similar encounters. A woman with username @dgrossetti said that she saw a UFO many years ago. She was in the playground when all of the sudden, there was "a sort of rush" and she saw "something cylinder" land on a field. "Like about the size of a merry-go-round with lights, spinning" she added, and then suddenly, "it was gone". A few weeks later, she saw a second one in the early morning in the West Midlands. "I had just parked up to go into the office, and something caught my eye in the sky.  "It was a very bright shiny light, like when a plane is coming directly at you. Again, no idea what it was," she explained. Another woman said that she and her friend saw one above an old World War II airfield outside Bridgwater years ago. "It was a surreal moment that we've never discussed again - it could have been a plane I suppose but it was disc-shaped and silent. We were literally struck dumb," she said. The Government's website has public documents including thousands of UFO reports that people have witnessed in the UK over the years. READ MORE: Meghan didn't get any 'guidance' as she did 'weird gesture' with Harry Some of the Unidentified Flying Object reports from 1997 to 2009 include "an orange glowing object with a red light on the right-hand side" in Warwick. This was reported by an Air Traffic Controller while another airport employee spotted "a bright yellow light, it vanished for a few seconds then reappeared" around Staffordshire. That same year, a commercial pilot spotted "a series of 30 or more orange lights which then disappeared after moving at speed". Another person saw "a triangular shaped orange object, moving quite fast across the sky" near Chorley, in Lancashire. But do aliens exist? Although there is no evidence of life on any other planet, numerous supposed sightings have taken place all over the world. Some experts claim that people like the idea of having a bigger presence in the universe and as professor Andrew Abeyta said, aliens are like religion, to believe in them you need a leap of faith. “People have a need to feel like their lives are meaningful, and these beliefs might suggest that there’s something bigger out there; there’s something more important going on,” Abeyta explained. However, American astronomer Carl Sagan said: “The universe is a pretty big place. If it's just us, it seems like an awful waste of space.”