A woman has shown off her massive cat, stretching taller than an average nine-year-old. Natalie Bowman, 32, adopted Finn the cat in 2017 when he was just three and a half months old. Finn, now a six-year-old Maine coon, is four feet-long, the average height of a nine-year-old standing up. The size of a typical Maine coon comes in at 10–16 inches tall, can grow up to a huge 40 inches in length. However, Finn has surged well past the average height for the furry pets, and eats up an enormous part of Natalie’s wage. The 32-year-old, who lives in San Carlos, California, spends $150 on food every month and feeds him three to four times every day. "It's really funny, they think he's a dog, and then when they get closer they say oh my god it's a cat and they love him”, she said. “I’ve had service people come around to fix things, it's always fun to see grown men get shocked by my cat, they often say he looks like a bobcat or a wildcat." READ MORE: Cop texted a photo of bloodied Tyre Nichols after deadly beating Despite his size, Finn is a gentle giant and gets along peacefully with Natalie's other cat. "It took them a little while to adjust to each other, but they love each other now," she said. "Finn is really docile and curious, he is so funny and is very needy and affectionate, he loves cuddles and to be spooned. "[Maine coons] need a lot of time and affection, he has separation anxiety and I actually take him into the office sometimes. "He is a very sociable cat and he loves to talk, he's very loud." DON'T MISS Republican claims Biden's State of Union 'divorced from reality' Meghan Markle should be 'very worried' about half-sister's lawsuit Paedophile killed himself by drinking sodium nitrite in courtroom It comes as a pack of feral cats has divided a neighbourhood in Memphis, as a resident looks to get them removed. Herbert Grose, who moved into a Southeast Memphis neighborhood last summer, found a sign that says “murderer!” on his door last week. “It made me angry, it made me upset that someone would do that,” he said, while adding he was working with several organisations—including animal control, code enforcement, and the Shelby county health department—to see what can be done to remove the feral cats. “They spray their urine on their vehicles or property, they mark their territory I guess”, Grose added. “And they also leave feces. And on warm climate days, the odour is terrible. The stench is very bad.” /news/us/1732689/Hoda-Kotb-today-emotional-super-bowl-nfl-kidney-transport-marines-latest-dxus