Margaret Dyson brought her beloved doll named, Alice, into The Repair Shop for Wednesday's instalment of the BBC programme. She thought she'd lost the doll forever, but by complete chance, Margaret was reunited with her in recent years. Alice was in a terrible condition, with Margret admitting she didn't want her to look "frightening" anymore. When Julie was presented with the doll, she said: "How on earth did she end up looking like this? Bless her."Margaret explained: "In 1945, near the end of the Second World War, I was just coming up to 11 and a plane came down on our house so that was when she was damaged, and that was when my mother was killed."So it was not a good end to the war for me and my family."Margaret found out about her mother's death when she was living in Scotland for school and her dad came to visit.  READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital "When he finished telling me, he had to leave to go back again and all I remember is just watching him walk down this path and it was just like the end of the world," she explained. "I'd never cried like it, but it was something he had to do, which he did very bravely."Margaret didn't take Alice with her to Scotland, so Julie and Amanda were keen to know how she was reunited with the damaged doll.She explained: "The niece of the lady next door to my family home called Edith found her and she had her for 63 years." Edith's son found out about the doll when researching local history and Margaret met up with him to take Alice back."I didn't know she looked like this," Margaret admitted. "I thought I wouldn't at all be upset but then I did think mum was killed the minute she was damaged."I realise it was such a big thing in my life losing mum, I must say it was hard and to see her like this is really horrible," she continued.Margaret said it was Alice's eyes that "bothered" her the most, and the doll's legs were falling apart. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop's Dominic admits he 'wasn't meant to be' on BBC series [INTERVIEW]The Woodland Workshop star opens up on 'nerve-wracking' projects [LATEST]The Repair Shop's Dominic Chinea 'pushes makers out of comfort zone' [UPDATE] She said the doll used to be very "handsome", with a brunette bob, adding: "I just want her to look less frightening in a way."The experts got to work restoring Alice and gave her new legs, arms, eyes and glossy brown hair.Ahead of the big reveal, Margaret said: "I would love to see her in a condition where she didn't frighten people. She's been like that for so long, the poor thing!"Luckily, Margaret was thrilled with Amanda and Julie's restoration work as were BBC viewers who admitted they were "scared" of the doll's appearance. Boris penned on Twitter: "That doll will haunt my dreams forever #repairshop."Amy Joanne added: "I really don't like dolls, especially when they have just been taken apart and eyeless #TheRepairShop."Holly shared: "#Therepairshop is reigniting my fear of dolls this evening..."Mark added: "Ugly doll alert. Dolls actually scare me. #therepairshop."However, Edina said: "I'm not a fan of dolls, but the way that woman loves that doll really has me welling up. #therepairshop."Topcat commented: "A lot of comments about the doll on here, don’t forget this was from the WW11 era where everyone was grateful for everything they had. The Repair Shop continues on Wednesdays at 8pm on BBC One.