Manchester United saw their hopes of finishing in the Premier League top four suffer a blow after a 2-2 draw with Leeds on Wednesday night. Erik ten Hag’s side had gone into the game full of confidence after edging past Crystal Palace at the weekend. However, it was a frustrating night at Old Trafford as the visitors secured a point. Leeds took the lead against United inside the first minute, with Wilfried Gnonto sparking wild celebrations in the away end. And Raphael Varane’s own goal after the interval then left the Red Devils with a mountain to climb. Fortunately for Ten Hag, his side were able to battle back to earn a point - even if they’d have ideally claimed all three. Marcus Rashford got the comeback started, with the England international nodding home his 20th goal of the season. And Jadon Sancho, featuring in his first Premier League game since October, then drove home a leveller to spare his side’s blushes. In truth, however, United were a shadow of their usual selves during the contest. So Express Sport now takes a look at four players who weren’t good enough on the day for Ten Hag and his side. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford David De Gea has been impressive for United this season. Certainly, he’s bounced back ever since mistakes during the defeats to Brighton and Brentford earlier in the campaign. But this was a night to forget for the Spain international, who was uncharacteristically guilty of errors as Leeds managed to stun Old Trafford. De Gea was too easily-beaten at his near post for Leeds’ opener, with Gnonto striking the ball past him on his preferred side. And his positioning was questionable for Varane’s own goal, too, even though the France international should have done better himself… DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Varane has been back to his best for United this season. Like many of his team-mates, he previously struggled 12 months ago as the club endured a torrid campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Yet, like De Gea, the World Cup winner found himself having a frustrating night. Varane looked uncomfortable on the ball as Leeds pressed high and his own goal compounded a disappointing evening at the office. He did nearly make amends in the closing stages but his header was tipped over the bar, with United forced to settle for a point instead. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract It was always going to be a big night for Fred. With United having to make do without Casemiro following his red card against Crystal Palace over the weekend, it represented the chance for the club’s other Brazilian to make his mark. Unfortunately for United, Fred failed to make the most of his starting opportunity. The Samba star incurred the wrath of Old Trafford, regularly misplacing passes with audible groans heard all around the ground. Fred failed to impose himself on the game in the slightest and there’s a sense a departure at the end of the season would be best for everyone involved. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It would be wrong to be too critical of Alejandro Garnacho. After all, the United star has a bright future ahead and has impressed for the most part when called upon. Garnacho was, however, unremarkable against Leeds. Though his tenacity got the crowd fired up, the teenager was guilty of some defensive mistakes and poor decision-making throughout the game. The Argentine also spurned two excellent chances, seeing an effort cleared off the line in the first half. And he’s another player who will need to improve when United face off against Leeds in the reverse fixture on Sunday (2pm). While it was a frustrating night for United, Ten Hag was happy with the performance of Sancho following his introduction off the bench. "I'm very happy,” he said of the 22-year-old’s display. “He's on the way back. We know he is a magnificent football player. "He can definitely for our team be a big impact. Tonight he had, but we know he can be a consistent impact. “He has to work very hard, we all do, and in this moment he is in a good mood. "I think it will strengthen him, motivate him to even give more, then you'll get more. It's a brilliant footballer, and that second goal I really enjoyed it, and especially for him."