Meghan Markle speculated that Kate Middleton's wedding was rooted to a childish fantasy years before she entered the Royal Family herself. When Prince William tied the knot with Kate Middleton in 2011, much of the world watched in awe. But not Meghan Markle, who had already started hitting out at her with criticism. Like millions around the world, she saw photos and reports about the big day long before she was involved with Prince Harry. She decided to share her bitter thoughts about the occasion on her lifestyle blog, The Tig, The Mirror has reported. While the hearts of millions were captured by the West Minster Abbey procession in April 2011, Meghan scorned the "pomp" surrounding the occasion as belonging to "childhood fantasies”. She claimed being a glamorous princess certainly wasn’t something she dreamed of as an adult. She said: "Little girls dream of being princesses. I, for one, was all about She-Ra, Princess of Power. READ MORE: William left 'gobsmacked' after Harry 'dragged Kate into harmful row' "For those of you unfamiliar with the '80s cartoon reference, She-Ra is the twin sister of He-Man and a sword-wielding royal rebel known for her strength. "We're definitely not talking about Cinderella here. "Grown women seem to retain this childhood fantasy. Just look at the pomp and circumstance surrounding the royal wedding and endless conversation about Princess Kate." For the occasion, Kate Middleton wore a stunning long-sleeved wedding dress designed by Sarah Burton, creative director of the British fashion house Alexander McQueen.  Don't miss... Harry and Meghan force Palace to make three Coronation scenarios [LATEST] ‘No official role’ for Harry and Meghan at the Coronation [LATEST] UK launches security review of UFOs in US [LATEST] Much of the media commented on the elegant and timeless design of her dress, with its intricate lace detailing and classic silhouette. The dress was widely praised for its nod to the traditional style of royal wedding dresses, while also incorporating modern elements such as the V-neckline and the fitted waist. She also carried a bouquet of myrtle, lily-of-the-valley, sweet William, ivy, myrtle and hyacinth. Initially, Kate and her aides wanted to keep the design a secret but weeks before the wedding Ms Burton’s name was leaked.  "She was selected by Middleton, who is making increasing efforts to develop her own style, on grounds of her quirky elegance, discretion and low profile," wrote the Sunday Times. "A fashion source said that the dress will be a combination of Middleton's own design ideas and Burton's deep knowledge and understanding of high fashion. "Middleton had hoped to keep Burton's name quiet until the wedding." 