Nicola Bulley's sister has shared a heartbreaking message urging her sister to "come home now". Three weeks after the mother-of-two went missing, her sister Louise Cunningham shared a post alongside a picture of the two of them with their mum Dot. The post read: "Three weeks today without you home. "We all miss you so much, time to come home now". Ms Bulley was last seen walking her springer spaniel Willow in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire at around 9.15am on January 27. He dog was found along darting between the river and the bench. Her phone was also found on the bench, still logged into a work call. Ms Cunningham's plea comes as Home Secretary Suella Braverman spoke with Lancashire Police about the investigation over the release of private information on Ms Bulley.  The force has come under fire for making the 45-year-old's struggles with alcohol and menopause known. A source close to the Home Secretary said Ms Braverman had outlined her concerns over the disclosure during a meeting with Chief Constable Chris Rowley and his senior team on Friday and "asked to be kept updated on the investigation". READ MORE: Psychic blasted for claiming he can find Nicola Bulley by 'her eyes' Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said he was "concerned" over the release of the information. Ms Bulley's father, Ernie also marked three weeks since his daughter disappeared saying "every day is a struggle". Speaking to Sky News on Friday, he said: "[We're] no further on from three weeks ago. "[We] just need a breakthrough to give us some hope." In a press conference on Wednesday, Lancashire Police revealed Ms Bulley was classed as a "high-risk" missing person immediately after her partner reported her disappearance "based on a number of specific vulnerabilities". They later added in a statement that she had been struggling with alcohol issues and the menopause, and had stopped taking HRT medication.  Former victims' commissioner Dame Vera Baird said she believed the force had made a "dreadful error" in releasing the details. Meanwhile, Lancashire Police confirmed a date had been set for an internal review into the investigation. 