Energy giant Shell has announced that it has raked in a record 84.3 billion dollars (£68.1 billion) in profits in 2022 off the back of soaring oil and gas prices. Earning a staggering 53 percent increase in profits, the London-based oil major reported adjusted earnings of $39.9billion (£32.2billion) for 2022, the highest in its 115-year history. Over the past year, wholesale oil and gas prices have skyrocketed, thanks largely due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. As a result, many energy producing firms, particularly the fossil fuel supermajors, have been accused of profitting off the energy crisis, while millions of families struggle with fuel poverty.  According to Global Witness, Shell's profits would be enough to pay the average annual energy bills for 13.2 million UK households – a remarkable 47 percentage of all households at a time when millions of Brits continue to face record gas and electricity bills. Shell chief executive Wael Sawan said the company's results "demonstrate the strength of Shell's differentiated portfolio, as well as our capacity to deliver vital energy to our customers in a volatile world". "We believe that Shell is well positioned to be the trusted partner through the energy transition," Mr Sawan said. These unprecedented profits have led to increased pressure on the Government to impose windfall taxes on these companies, which would be a levy on excess profits made during this period.  In just the final three months of the year, Shell announced adjusted earnings of $9.8billion (£7.9billion), making it their second highest quarterly earnings in its history. Not only did they far exceed initial analyst estimates of around $7.97billion (£6.4billion), but the figures were also over 50 percent higher than the $6.4billion (£5.17billion) that they reported in the same period a year ago. The UK company noted that almost two third of its profits in the last quarter came from its natural gas business, which includes the world’s largest liquefied natural gas trading operations. Global Witness also added that Shell’s profits could also cover the £28billion that the UK government estimates would be needed to give all public sector workers – including nurses, teachers, police and firefighters– raises in line with inflation. READ MORE: Ofgem issues dire warning as energy suppliers mull UK exit after Bulb The NGO added that UK inflation – like that which has afflicted much of the world – has been largely attributed to the same spikes in oil and gas prices that have driven Shell’s profits. Other energy companies too have enjoyed similar bumper profits. Ealrier this week, US firm Exxon reported a staggering $55.7billion (£45billion) profit for 2022, while Chevron earned $36.5billion (£29.5billion). Jonathan Noronha-Gant, Global Witness, senior campaigner, said: “People have every right to be outraged at the enormous profits that Shell has made in the midst of an energy affordability crisis that has pushed millions of families into poverty. "For those facing exorbitant energy bills, and for all of our nurses, firefighters and teachers on the picket line this week, Shell’s profits are an insult. Shell is richer because we’re poorer. DON'T MISS: Exhibition overturns understanding of ancient Egypt’s mummies [REPORT] Britons being overcharged hundreds of pounds in energy costs [REVEAL] POLL – Should households with non-compliant log burners be fined [POLL]   "If oil and gas companies were properly taxed, and if our government stopped handing them billions of pounds in the form of tax breaks and other subsidies – then that would free up the money that’s desperately needed to give Brits long-term support with the cost of their energy bills, and to give our key workers the financial recognition they deserve. But so far that hasn’t happened." Meanwhile, last week, Shell announced it is reviewing its energy and retail division, and may even consider quitting its supplier-side business, which looks after 1.4 million customers. The company announced it is launching a “strategic review” of its domestic energy and telecoms supply division in the UK, Germany and the Netherlands, adding leaving the business was also on the table. The company told staff that it had made the decision against a backdrop of a strategy which includes "continually exploring options to maximise the value of our portfolio and address performance in tough market conditions." 