The decision by Ofgem comes after reports of debt collectors working for British Gas forcing their way into the homes of vulnerable customers, reported in the Times. According to industry sources, Ofgem has asked suppliers to cease applications for court warrants that allow them to force their way into the homes of customers who have not paid their bills. Under current rules, before suppliers resort to court action, they have to seek alternatives over a six-month period. They are not allowed to force prepayment meters on vulnerable customers. British Gas’ parent company, Centrica, said it had applied for around 97,000 court warrants in the past year and acted on around 20,000 of them. READ MORE: Man donates £10,000 to charity to help people with energy bills  In a statement, CEO of Ofgem, Jonathan Brearley said: “I've warned all domestic energy suppliers to get their house in order on forced instalments of prepayment meters. “I ordered our biggest-ever market review into prepayment meters to uncover poor practice - and I will not hesitate to take the strongest action in our powers where needed. No energy CEO can shirk their legal and moral responsibilities to protect their own customers, especially the most vulnerable. “These are serious allegations for British Gas to deal with and we are opening a comprehensive investigation into British Gas on this issue and we will not hesitate to take the strongest action needed.” He added: “I've asked all suppliers to review all activities regarding prepayment meter warrants. Suppliers need to reassure us that the processes for customers being moved onto prepayment meters are compliant with all Ofgem rules and, until this is done, we have asked them to pause forced installations.” Business Secretary Grant Shapps urged energy companies to suspend the “outrageous” practice. Speaking on Thursday, he said: “EDF have now confirmed they have suspended the outrageous practice of forced installation of prepayment meters following the investigation by British Gas. “I am now calling on all the other energy companies to confirm they are following suit.”     Following the investigation by Ofgem, energy minister Graham Stuart has asked Centrica, British Gas’ parent company, to explain how it will ensure incidents never happen again. He asked them to explain what role Chris O’Shea, chief executive of Centrica, will play in remedying “very serious cultural issues” within the company.   In a statement, Mr O’Shea said: “Protecting vulnerable customers is an absolute priority and we have clear processes and policies to ensure we manage customer debt carefully and safely. The allegations around our third-party contractor Arvato are unacceptable and we immediately suspended their warrant activity.    “Having recently reviewed our internal processes to support our prepayment customers as well as creating a new £10 million fund to support those prepayment customers who need help the most, I am extremely disappointed that this has occurred."   