A private investigator assisting a girl claiming to be Madeleine McCann has issued an update on their request to get a DNA test. During an Instagram Live video, Dr Fia Johansson asked how the Polish teen was coping and gave her a warning.  Julia, who has also been referred to as Julia Wandelt and Julia Wendell, says she does not remember most of her childhood except holidays in hot places. Julia, who has had a complicated childhood, said she learned about McCann’s case from her grandmother, who she now does not believe is a blood relative. Madeleine McCann, who vanished on May 3, 2007 in Praia da Luz, Portugal, has an eye defect known as a coloboma on her right eye in the same place Julia Faustyna does, prompting the Polish woman to suspect she may be the missing girl. The 21-year-old has also posted photos of herself as a child showing the resemblance. Writing in a social media post, she stated: “I have similar eyes, shape of face, ears, lips, I had the gap between the teeth. READ MORE: Huge earthquake of 6.4 magnitude hits Turkey weeks after quake  Young Madeleine McCann, who vanished on May 3, 2007 in Praia da Luz, Portugal, has an eye defect known as a coloboma on her right eye in the same place Julia Faustyna does, prompting the Polish woman to suspect she may be the missing girl. “I need to know the truth. I need a DNA test and I need to talk with Madeleine’s parents. Help me!” Unconfirmed reports earlier this week claimed that the McCann family had agreed to the DNA test. Julia took to Instagram Monday night to address the rumours and share an update on the DNA test alongside PI Dr Johansson. She told Dr Johansson: “People ask many questions about DNA test. DON'T MISSPutin has taken 'all necessary decisions' should West enter war [INSIGHT]Snow charts for UK could see icy start to March as cold bites [REVEAL]Football news LIVE: Man Utd takeover latest, Chelsea make Potter call [LIVE]  “They ask why isn’t it done yet?” The private investigator then explained: “Everything about the DNA test is a process. “It’s not about that tomorrow we can get it done and it’s all correct because you already have a family. It has to go in all those legal aspects. “It’s not something that’s going to happen tomorrow and then the day after you’re going to figure it out. It’s maybe going to take weeks to get that.” A spokesperson for the McCann family said they will not comment publicly on the matter, but a friend close to the family claimed the McCann family is willing to follow up on the lead. 