The late singer’s death was seemingly ignored during Sunday evening’s Grammy Awards during its In Memoriam tributes. Singer Kacey Musgraves took to the stage to deliver a flawless rendition of Coal Miner’s Daughter in a tribute to Loretta Lynn who also died last year as the segment got underway. But as other stars who fans had lost appeared on-screen, several were furious to discover Aaron’s name didn’t appear. Along with Loretta, the awards also paid tribute to the likes of tWitch, Takeoff and a number of other late stars. A number of Grammys viewers took to Twitter to vent their frustrations, with some branding it a “disgrace” and “disrespectful”. Twitter user @golddustwoman16 raged: “#GRAMMYS why would you leave Aaron Carter out of the Memoriam.. “He broke so many records so young, and truly paved the way for so many pop stars that followed him. He deserved to be mentioned and acknowledged. HORRIBLE! #droppedtheball #disgrace #Grammys2023 #RIPAaronCarter.” READ MORE: Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 This was echoed by @pandawasthere who added: “I’m just gonna say it: @RecordingAcad leaving Aaron Carter out of the ‘in Memoriam' segment was disrespectful as f**k. make it right.” Elsewhere, Ivana Conversano blasted the ceremony as a whole, paying mention to Beyonce’s record-breaking win and the fact she failed to arrive in time to accept her first award. They fumed: “The #GRAMMYs look always more like a circus. The host defends a ‘fashionably late’ Beyoncé. Nothing new. She probably knows now how to have spotlights only for herself. #f**ktheredcarpet. “Then they leave out poor #AaronCarter from the tribute to artists leaving us in 2022. #shame.” The backlash kept on coming as @dusty_stanfill echoed: “It’s a crying shame that the @RecordingAcad didn’t acknowledge Aaron Carter during the In Memorial portion of the show. #GRAMMYs.” And @_thegoodonesgo claimed it made them “sick” to see Aaron miss out. They added: “I still can’t believe that @RecordingAcad forgot about Aaron Carter in the in-memoriam segment. “As a millennial I’m actually sick about it #Grammys,” they signed off. (sic) DON'T MISS:Trevor Noah aims funny jibe at Prince Harry during Grammy Awards 2023Adele holds back tears as she dedicates Grammy win to son AngeloBeyoncé tearful as she breaks Grammy record after missing red carpet Meanwhile, @Casey1984K even suggested boycotting the awards going forward as they tweeted: “How dare they not recognize @aaroncarter on the Grammys during the video tribute of musicians that passed away last year #boycottgrammys.” Aaron, the brother of Backstreet Boys star Nick Carter, rocketed to fame as a solo artist in the late ‘90s. In fact, at just nine years old, Aaron released his first album back in 1997. His career then saw him venture onto the Broadway stage as well as enjoy a stint on ABC’s Dancing with the Stars. Aaron’s struggled with addiction and mental health battles in the years before his death. On November 5, 2022, Aaron was pronounced dead at the scene after his body was found in a bathtub at his Californian home. According to the LA Times, “an autopsy was performed but the cause of death was deferred, pending a toxicology report.”