Nikki Haley has launched her 2024 presidential bid in a video blasting the "Washington establishment" and promising the US wouldn't be "bullied" with her in the White House. The former UN ambassador announced her bid for the Oval Office in the video uploaded to her social media accounts on Tuesday morning. In her announcement, Haley said: "Republicans have lost the popular vote in seven out of the last eight presidential elections. That has to change. Joe Biden's record is abysmal but that shouldn't come as a surprise. The Washington establishment has failed us over and over and over again. "It's time for a new generation of leadership to rediscover our fiscal responsibility, to secure our border and strengthen our country, our pride and our purpose. "Some people look at America and see vulnerability - the socialist left see an opportunity to rewrite history, China and Russia are on the march. "They all think we can be bullied, kicked around. You should know this about me, I don't put up with bullies and when you kick back it hurts them more if you're wearing heels." Haley will kick off her campaign in earnest at a hometown campaign stump event in Charleston, South Caroliona on Wednesday. READ MORE: Trump used 'classified folder' as a lamp shade to help him sleep  Nikki Haley became the first Indian American ambassador to the United Nations in 2017 after she was appointed by President Donald Trump and approved in a near-unanimous Senate vote. During her time as ambassador, Haley's position was reported to be at odds with then-President Donald Trump's - particulary on Russia. In November 2018, she tore into Russia over the seizure of Ukrainian ships, calling it a "reckless escalation" on the part of the Kremlin. But speaking outside the White House shortly after the denouncement, Trump said: "We’ve let our position be known and we’re not happy about it." A month earlier, Haley stunned commentators and fellow diplomats when she announced she would be resigning as ambassador at the end of 2018. Nikki Haley was elected South Carolina governor in 2010 and served in the office for seven years. She was backed by the libertarian right during the gubernatorial campaign and went on to become the state's first ever female governor. The former state representative went on to win re-election in 2014 on the back of decent economic growth, and in 2015 removed the Confederate flag from the State Capitol. The move to remove the flag was controversial but was met with few barriers after white supremacist Dylan Roof murdered nine black churchgoers in Charleston, South Carolina in 2015. During her time as governor, Haley also signalled that she was in favour of clamping down on illegal immigration. Nikki Haley is not tipped to be a frontrunner in the 2024 Republican primary campaign, and seems even less likely to become US President. However, she could be the campaign's kingmaker. A Yahoo News-YouGov poll released last week found that Florida Governor Ron DeSantis would beat former President Donald Trump in a head-to-head. But with Nikki Haley in the mix, Trump was polling three percentage points higher than DeSantis. This suggests she could pull away crucial votes from DeSantis in the primary's biggest battleground states. YouGov polling also shows Haley is only popular with 30 percent of Americans, while 36 percent have either neutral or negative feelings about her.