As living costs continue to rise, Britons are being urged to make sure they’re claiming all of the additional financial support they’re entitled to. From April 2023, Attendance Allowance is going up in line with September's inflation rate of 10.1 percent meaning state pensions on the higher rate will get over £400 a month. A benefits expert is urging people to check their bank accounts as they could be eligible for "the most underclaimed benefit in the UK". Attendance Allowance is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions. It is a weekly benefit helping people who are over state pension age who are physically or mentally disabled. Conditions which require help or supervision with eating, getting dressed, or bathing could make someone eligible. READ MORE: State pension alert: Britons could miss out on £5,500 a year boost as deadline weeks away The 10.1 percent payment boost from April 2023 means people on the lower rate will see their payments increase to £68.10 while the upper rate will increase to £101.73. Pensioners will therefore get between £247.40 and £406.92 every four weeks. There is no limit to what people can spend this money on, meaning it allows people to put it towards whatever may help them. To make a claim, individuals have to fill out the Attendance Allowance claim form. READ MORE: Bank provider offers 7% interest on savings plus £175 in cash - are you eligible? There are a couple of ways to get the form. People can call the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122 (textphone 0800 731 0317) or download a claim form from the GOV UK website. Claimants should make sure they have their contact details, date of birth and National Insurance number before contacting the DWP. Applicants may also need their bank or building society account number and sort code, doctor or health worker’s name, address and telephone number. They might also require dates and addresses for any time spent abroad or in a care home or hospital. There are a number of health conditions and different eligibility criteria for qualifying for Attendance Allowance. The full list can be found on the Government website In the UK, an estimated £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year. David Samson, welfare benefit specialist at charity Turn2us, previously said: “Unclaimed benefits are a huge issue in the UK. “Whether it is because of an overly complicated system, societal stigma or simply not knowing, there are many reasons why people miss out on their benefits. “People over the age of 65 are especially likely to be missing out on their entitlements. We urge anyone who is unsure of what they are entitled to, to do a benefit calculation to see if there is anything they can claim.”