Wordle 594 is live for the duration of February 3, so you'd better hurry if you want to solve the answer and keep that crucial winning streak alive. Wordle 594 is a tough one, which is why Express Online is back with a brand new selection of clues. Now, while you could cheat and use this foolproof Wordle strategy to guarantee victory, the spoiler-free hints at the bottom of the page will boost your chances, and without robbing you of the satisfaction of solving it yourself. Good luck! The ideal game to play after a long day at work, the aim of Wordle is to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To solve the puzzle, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles. If the tile turns grey, then the letter you've guessed doesn't appear in the final word. If it turns yellow, then the letter appears in the word, just not in that position. A green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct place. An addictive game with a huge following, Wordle would go on to spawn dozens of clones. There's a Lord of the Rings themed Wordle called Lordle, a musical variant called Heardle, and a hardcore Wordle game called Quordle - where the aim is to guess four words instead of just one. If you're not great with words, then you'll prefer something like Nerdle, where you've got to figure out a maths equation. Four best Wordle starting words to make you a 'Wordle Master' - expert tips If you're here for Wordle 594 hints, check out the latest clues for the February 3 puzzle below... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 594 hints and clues for February 3... 1. Wordle 594 starts with the letter T. 2. Wordle 594 contains one vowel. 3. Yummy.