Barcelona manager Xavi has rubbed salt into Manchester United's wounds over their failed summer transfer pursuit of Frenkie de Jong. The Spaniard claims that De Jong rejected the Red Devils' approach 'with no doubt', despite Erik ten Hag's best efforts to reunite with his former Ajax midfield maestro. United spent much of last summer's transfer window attempting to coax the 25-year-old away from the Nou Camp. A tense and unpredictable saga followed, with De Jong one of the top earners on a wage bill that Barca were attempting to slash. Despite United agreeing an initial £56million fee with La Blaugrana, De Jong turned his nose up at the prospect of moving to Old Trafford, publicly stating in the media that he wanted to continue pursuing his 'childhood dream' of playing for Barcelona. Things eventually turned out well for both parties, with De Jong playing a crucial role for Xavi's La Liga table-toppers and United turning their attention to Casemiro, who has made a tremendous impact. READ MORE: Elon Musk net worth is 7 times the royal family as Man Utd takeover eyed  The Barca boss was forced to address the debacle on Wednesday, telling reporters the day before his side's Europa League showdown with United: "[De Jong] was very clear with me. He wanted to stay. So there was not a doubt. I'm very happy with his performances, with his leadership. He's having a good time on the pitch, which is the most important thing." United and Barca are poised to meet at the Nou Camp in Europe's second-tier club competition for the first time ever on Thursday. The two-legged play-off tie will determine who advances to the knockout rounds proper, and each will fancy their chances of powering all the way to glory. DON'T MISS...Man Utd turn to 'specialists' to assess Greenwood as interview plannedHarry Kane sent sobering Man Utd warning as Tottenham decision loomsChelsea have Joao Felix belief after devising 'summer transfer plan'  The Red Devils had to settle for a spot in the play-offs after finishing second in their Europa League group, behind Real Sociedad on goal difference. Barca, meanwhile, dropped down from the Champions League after failing to make it to the knockout rounds. Both teams are in red-hot form, with Barcelona on an 11-match winning streak and 11 points clear at the top of La Liga, while United are undefeated in six games and only five points off the top of the Premier League. With Ten Hag making a strong impression during his first campaign at Old Trafford, Xavi did not shy away from praising his opposite number on Wednesday.  "Tomorrow is a great match. It's a spectacular tie," he exclaimed. "Both teams arrived at the best moment of the season. Ten Hag has changed the face of the team. It's been hard for them but they're doing a great job. He is a great coach. Reversing the situation at United was not easy. "He makes variants in attack and defence, they work very well. He is an attacking coach and he shows it in almost every game. He is a reference for coaches who like this kind of football. Manchester United is a great club. They are not in the best moment in their history but there are players who are in a great moment. In recent weeks, they have had good results and it will be very hard to win the game."