A Cold War between the US and China is well underway but a "full-on conflict" looms, an expert has told Express.co.uk. The modern cold conflict has taken a different shape to the 20th century US-Soviet Union standoff, with the shooting down of a suspected Chinese spy balloon causing tensions to soar. Instead of attempting to gain "power and influence" through espionage Beijing is looking for "economic advantage", according to 15-year military veteran and owner of the private intelligence company Aucoin Analytics Kervin Aucoin. He said: "The US and China are already in a Cold War however it is much different from the Cold War with the Soviet Union. China is an economic superpower that uses forms of espionage to gain an economic advantage, whereas Russia attempted to gain power and influence through its espionage." The potential for espionage against the US exploded into the headlines after a Chinese balloon, which the US says is a surveillance balloon, crossed into airspace over Alaska, passing over Canada. Balloons aren't the only way Beijing is spying on America, according to Mr Aucoin. In fact, China is likely attempting to gain an edge in a myriad of ways, something which is particularly concerning following an assessment by US officials that Beijing's timeline for reunification with Taiwan would mean invasion by 2025.  "Chinese Espionage is occurring within the United States in various ways i.e. gaining influence within American universities, infiltrating political campaigns, etc. China has made it clear its intention is to invade Taiwan in order to install a pro-Xi regime on the tiny island," the host of the This Week Explained podcast added. He said: "The timeline for this invasion continues to move but, as of right now, 2025 is the most likely timeframe. This action will take China and the US from a Cold War to a full on conflict." The recent balloon incident sent tensions soaring and caused the top US diplomat, Secretary of State Anthony Blinken, to cancel high level talks in Beijing. China blasted the US for its "overreaction" when the balloon was shot down over coastal South Carolina on February 4. However, the two countries regularly lock horns over Taiwan and the South China Sea, something which Mr Aucoin says could lead to a full-scale war.  READ MORE: Cancer warning after train derails with dangerous gas He said: "I don't think the political rhetoric matters to Beijing, they will continue to speak tough against the United States while still engaging in diplomatic relations until a war does break out. "US and Chinese aircraft routinely interact in the airspace surrounding the South China Sea. This is where an international incident could lead to an unexpected conflict. US pilots are trained to observe and not engage Chinese, or Russian for that matter, military equipment as that will lead to a conflict. "But mistakes happen and the unintended consequences of those mistakes can lead to disaster. Negotiations with China are just not plausible unless the United States wants to abandon all of its Indo-Pacific allies." Such a mistake nearly occurred on December 21 last year when a Chinese J-11 fighter jet flew within 20 feet of the nose of a US RC-135 Rivet Joint - a reconnaissance aircraft which holds about 30 people.  DON'T MISS:Nikki Haley dubbed ‘unfit for POTUS' as 'insane' video unearthed [REPORT]MSU and Sandy Hook shootings survivor, 21, calls for tighter gun laws [INSIGHT]US Senator’s warning over Chinese spy balloon - 'Lock your doors' [ANALYSIS] The RC-135 was over international waters in the South China Sea when the near collision occurred, according to US Indo-Pacific Command. "The US Indo-Pacific Joint Force is dedicated to a free and open Indo-Pacific region and will continue to fly, sail and operate at sea and in international airspace with due regard for the safety of all vessels and aircraft under international law," a statement from the Command read. China lays claim to huge swathes of the South China Sea - claims which its neighbours and the US don't recognise. With the US shooting down new objects in its airspace - wthe origin of which are yet to be established - the potential for "mistakes" in other areas of the world could be rising. 