Saving money on energy bills is especially important right now as gas prices remain eye-waveringly high. Furthermore, Government support will become less generous from the start of April. One way homeowners could save money is by checking the age of their household appliances. As households and businesses across the country aim to cut down on energy bills, business comparison experts at Bionic have issued a warning about a “simple mistake” that could be adding hundreds to your energy bills. Replacing appliances can be costly, so many of us avoid the thought of replacing them until they break down. However, it’s a little-known fact that the age of your appliance can actually impact how much energy it uses and therefore how expensive your energy bills are. With age, certain appliances become less efficient and can struggle to do their jobs properly. READ MORE: Princess Anne lives in 'gorgeous' 700-acre mansion with '1950s décor' Using older models of fridges, for example, could be having an impact on your food as they might struggle to keep items as cold. Even washing machines could make you use at least 1000 kWh of extra energy per year. Newer models are made to be more energy efficient. Furthermore, you can even check the energy efficiency rating of an appliance when you buy one, just aim for green ratings. While it may initially cost you money to purchase a new appliance, over the year it will save you cash as older appliances waste around £300 of energy. DON'T MISS‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [INSIGHT]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [UPDATE]House sales plunge by 30% as market 'cools' - one area avoids slump [ANALYSIS] Another thing to consider is that older appliances may have faults that aren’t necessarily visible. For example, a fridge’s rubber seal that keeps the fridge cold could have a slight tear which means the appliance is having to work harder to keep the temperature low and therefore use more energy. Les Roberts, a business comparison expert at Bionic, said: “An effective energy-saving tip is to look at the appliances you use most, like fridges, washing machines and boilers, and consider their age and condition. “If you’re not sure how long you’ve had them, it’s worth digging out receipts or bank statements to check. READ MORE: ‘Minor’ home improvements to reduce energy bills - includes £5 method Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “If your appliance has gone over the average lifespan of the product, it may be worth considering upgrading to a more energy-efficient model. “Although it’ll come with an initial cost, it should ultimately save you money in the long run.” Fridge/freezer - 10-20 years Washing Machine - 10-13 years Tumble Dryer - 10-15 years Dishwasher - 10 years Boiler - 10-15 years It comes as the energy price cap is forecast to fall to £2,165 from July down from £3,000 Britons face from April. European natural gas prices have reportedly fallen to their lowest levels in 18 months after a mild winter has meant storage levels are high, according to The Daily Telegraph. In October, it’s estimated the price cap will rise to just £2,190.