King Charles and Prince William are determind the Duke of York will never play an active role in the Royal Family again, a commentator has said. Ahead of King Charles's Coronation, reports suggest Andrew is seeking a way back into the royal fold and a return to a more frontline role after having lost a slew of honorary titles and his "HRH" status in the wake of historic sex abuse allegations made by Virginia Roberts Giuffre. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "King Charles and the Prince of Wales are both determined he will never play an active part in royal life again. "It seems clear that Andrew, who could always help to manage the royal estates, refuses to believe his life as a senior working member of the Royal Family is over. It is unclear whether he is taking advice or, if so, from whom." Mr Fitzwilliams said Andrew will reportedly attend his brother’s Coronation, but will play no active part in the proceedings. It has not yet been made public which royals will appear in the Coronation procession or on the palace balcony alongside the King and Queen Consort on the day. King Charles's Coronation will take place at Westminster Abbey on May 6 with the monarch and Camilla arriving in procession from Buckingham Palace.  Members of the Royal Family will then join the couple after the Abbey service in a ceremonial "Coronation procession". The Windsors will then appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. Mr Fitzwilliams said: "It has been reported that the Prince of Wales is the only duke who will pay homage to the monarch and it will obviously be very different to the Queen’s. "Given the scale of the celebrations, there is unlikely to be that much interest in Andrew when they actually begin. "However, if he were to begin legal action against Virginia Roberts Giuffre, as has been rumoured, there would obviously be considerable publicity involved. "Since he has not been found guilty of anything he sees no reason to do penance. However, there is no sign of any humility, of helping the FBI which he promised to do or of doing some charitable work as the Queen reportedly suggested he do." READ ABOUT A KEY NICOLA BULLEY WITNESS COMING FORWARD Ms Giuffre accused Andrew of sexually abusing her at Ghislaine Maxwell's home in London when she was 17 and under the age of consent in the US. The case against the Duke of York was dismissed by US District Judge Lewis Kaplan in a court in Manhattan in March, 2022. They reached a settlement in February last year with Andrew making an undisclosed payment, believed to amount to millions of pounds, and a donation to his accuser's charity. Andrew did not admit to any wrongdoing in agreeing to settle the US civil lawsuit and was not accused of criminal wrongdoing. Elizabeth II's second son repeatedly and strenuously denied Ms Giuffre's allegation. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry must be grilled over Samantha Markle claims [REVEALED] Royal Family want something in return for apology to Harry and Meghan [REPORT] Prince Harry was close to hosting SNL but 'talks stopped at 11th hour' [LATEST] Maxwell's brother, Ian Maxwell, defended Andrew last month, insisting it was "ludicrous" to think anyone would "let a prince of the realm" have sex in a very small bath. He released a photograph of the bathtub which he claimed would help his sister and the prince. Ms Giuffre claimed the bath had been used in one of her alleged meetings with Andrew. Questions have also been raised over the authenticity of a widely-publicised image which appears to show Prince Andrew, Ms Giuffre and Maxwell at the now disgraced socialite's London home. Ms Maxwell told TalkTV's Jeremy Kyle Live show the image was a fake in an interview from inside Florida's FCI Tallahassee prison. The daugther of media mogul Robert Maxwell is serving 20 years after being found guilty of recruiting and grooming girls from 1994 to 2004 for the late sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.   Mr Fitzwilliams claimed that at 62, Andrew has no royal future with his popularity is down to single digits. He said: "Ghislaine Maxwell won’t help him by supportive statements from prison. The much publicised recent stunt featuring two figures in a bath, which was supposedly designed to help his reputation, was simply farcical. "There is also the new film Scoop, where Rufus Sewell is playing Andrew and Gillian Anderson is Emily Maitlis. His place as a rather sleazy national joke seems secure although the film, reportedly 'in the works' at Netflix, may well be released after the Coronation." The royal expert added: "The Newsnight interview is still fresh in the national memory and the photograph of him with Giuffre has not been proved a fake. In his handling of the allegations against him, he continues to be his own worst enemy." In a further claim Andrew is seeking to improve his image, the Duke of York has also been tipped to write a memoir.   A "long-time friend" of the Duke argued earlier this month Andrew could write a book to help rehabilitate his image. It comes after Prince Harry's own memoir, Spare, was published in January, going on to sell millions of copies around the world. They told the Daily Mail: "It is inconceivable that he has not thought of this. Plenty in his circle think that’s just what he should do and Fergie, who has written her own memoir, My Story, has got all the contacts in publishing. "He would never have considered it while his mother was alive but it would be the perfect riposte now."