Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy was recently filmed hailing both Erik ten Hag and Marcus Rashford by supporters. The South African was given a job as a coach at Old Trafford back in the summer. And he’s made a positive impact in his new surroundings already, helping the Red Devils enjoy an impressive season so far. Manchester United endured a nightmare season last term, toiling under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick as they finished sixth in the Premier League table. But the Red Devils have been much-improved since the appointment of Ten Hag in the summer, with the Dutchman working wonders. One masterstroke was the decision to hire McCarthy, with the former Porto and Blackburn striker working with the club’s attackers. He has been popular among the players, with Rashford and Anthony Martial two stars in particular who enjoy working under him. And, now, United Zone have shared a video of McCarthy talking with some of the club’s supporters. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford One fan said: “Thanks for what you’re doing with this team.” And McCarthy was modest with his reply, with the 45-year-old saying: “Thank you, that’s the manager, it’s the manager.” When told ‘it’s you as well’, he then touched on Rashford’s remarkable form by saying: “I’ve got him [Rashford] in the right place.” Rashford, certainly, has been a player transformed so far this season. The United star struggled last term, netting just five goals across all competitions under Solskjaer and Rangnick. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit But he’s now managed to net 24 times this term, as well as clocking up seven assists. Rashford, should he continue at the current rate, will become the club’s highest-scorer for a single season since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. And he’ll be hoping to down Barcelona when the Red Devils lock horns with the La Liga giants in the Europa League on Thursday. Meanwhile, former United star Michael Own has opened up on Rashford and his electric form. And he expressed a belief the England international will want to score six more times to take his goal tally to 30 for the season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Owen said: "He [Rashford] should be targeting 30 goals. Six [more] goals in the form he’s in. “We’re only just past halfway, there’s still a lot of big games, and Manchester United are still in virtually every competition as well. "It's scary numbers we’re looking at and we’re looking at a player that we’re talking about at world-class level in years to come if he keeps this going." Speaking after United beat Leicester on Sunday, Rashford insisted he wouldn’t take his foot off the gas. "It's still early in the season,” said the forward. "We're fighting for a lot of different things and we have another big game in the week to hopefully go through to the next round of the Europa League and then a massive game for us [against Newcastle ]. "I don't feel like slowing down and always want to improve. “We have to just focus on ourselves, do as well as we can and keep picking up points."