Harry Redknapp could make a sensational return to management if Leeds United approach him on a short-term basis. The 75-year-old is reportedly ready to bring his wealth of experience to Elland Road to try and keep Leeds in the Premier League as a summer appointment grows likelier. Since sacking Jesse Marsch last Monday, Leeds have endured nine days of misery in their relentless search for his successor. West Bromwich Albion's Carlos Corberan, Feyenoord's Arne Slot, and former River Plate boss Marcelo Gallardo have distanced themselves from the position. Meanwhile, first-choice target Andoni Iraola also opted to remain at Rayo Vallecano until his contract expiry this summer. Alfred Schreuder was on the verge of being appointed and was present at Elland Road for the 2-0 defeat to Manchester United. But Leeds owner Andrea Radrizzani pulled the plug on those plans after negative fan backlash after his disastrous spell in charge of Ajax this season. JUST IN: Kevin De Bruyne trolls Arsenal fans after being pelted by bottles  It has left the Whites with few options as they stare a daunting relegation battle in the face for the second successive season. However, an astonishing wildcard, with experience in coaching at the highest level as well as surviving the drop, has emerged. According to the Mirror, Redknapp is interested in taking charge of Leeds to solve the club's managerial woes. The former Portsmouth and Tottenham Hotspur boss would jump at the chance to return to Premier League football six years after leaving his last job at Birmingham City. His appointment would likely be on similar terms to Neil Warnock after the 74-year-old entered the Huddersfield Town hot seat on a short-term contract this week. DON'T MISS Five changes Mikel Arteta can make to get Arsenal back on trackMan Utd team news - Erik ten Hag's 22-man squad in full for BarcelonaOdegaard and Grealish in disagreement after Arsenal vs Man City clash But Redknapp's return would be even more of a surprise, given he has become an established pundit since retirement. He also won the nation's hearts by being named King of the Jungle on the hit ITV show 'I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here'. Leeds' U21 manager Michael Skubala took charge of both games against United last week and will remain at the helm for two crunch relegation six-pointers in February. The Whites face Everton this weekend and Southampton next in meetings that could have huge implications for their survival hopes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here