Andy Murray was ecstatic after saving five match points to defeat Jiri Lehecka 6-0 3-6 7-6(6) and reach his first final in eight months. The world No 70 will now face Daniil Medvedev or Felix Auger-Aliassime as he bids to win his first title since 2019 and tried to explain how he turned the semi-final around. Murray pulled off yet another great escape on Friday as he pulled off victory from match points down for the third time this season and the second time this week. The world No 70 was staring down the barrel of defeat at 3-5 down in the final set but managed to force a tiebreak and sent Lehecka packing after two hours and 29 minutes. Although it wasn't the first time he came back from match points down in Doha, the 35-year-old was in disbelief after the extraordinary semi-final clash as he called it one of his "most amazing turnarounds" and attempted to explain his comeback. "I don't know," he started, addressing the crowd on the court. "That was one of the most amazing turnarounds I've had in my career. He obviously had the three match points at 5-4 but I also think when I was serving at 5-3 and yeah, I don't know," he laughed. JUST IN: Alcaraz labelled a 'blessing' as teen tipped to continue Nadal legacy  Sharing his strategy, the two-time former champion in Doha added: "I knew it was his first time serving for a final so I had to make sure that I tried to kept pressure on at the end because I know how difficult it is to serve matches like that out but yeah, I have no idea how I managed to turn that one around to be honest." Murray was also informed that he'd set a new record in Doha, becoming the first man to reach five finals. And clearly in good spirits, the former world No 1 cracked a joke about having something over his Big Four rivals. "This tournament over the years had many great players play," he said. "Federer played a lot and guys like Roddick and Nadal and Novak's played so those guys obviously achieved a lot more than me but this is one small win that I can have over them so yeah, I'll enjoy this evening and hopefully put on a good performance tomorrow." DON'T MISSFederer 'visited Wimbledon' as hopes of joining BBC coverage growMcEnroe unleashes frustration over 'absurd' Djokovic Indian Wells banCarlos Alcaraz responds to Djokovic after rivalry snubbed for Nadal Murray is guaranteed to meet a top 10 opponent in Saturday's final as Medvedev and Auger-Aliassime do battle for the second time in the space of a week in the second semi-final after facing off in Rotterdam seven days ago. And the Brit joked that his physio had a tough time on his hands after yet another three-set thriller. "I feel alright just now," he admitted. "I mean obviously the adrenaline is pumping after match like that. I'm sure there'll be a little fatigue tomorrow but I've got a great team behind me. "Phil Hayward my physio, a fantastic man and he's got a job on his hands tonight to put me back together again for tomorrow."