However, the ITV interview sparked a backlash from Good Morning Britain viewers, who slammed the "car crash" conversation and accused hosts Ranvir Singh and Ed Balls of asking the bereaved parents "ridiculous questions". It comes a decade after Paralympian Oscar Pistorius was sent to prison for shooting his partner Reeva, however, he claims to this day he believed she had been an intruder. Reevea's father Barry recently paid Oscar a visit in prison and talked about it had gone. As Ranvir asked how Oscar had been during the visit, Barry recalled: "Naturally, anybody who has been in prison and you've killed or murdered somebody, there's always remorse after that. "Except for the odd person who doesn't care, but I'm sure that he did have remorse after shooting Reeva. "When I went and met Oscar I asked him certain questions. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments "All June and I wanted to know was the truth - what we feel was the truth - that he actually killed her because of anger." The grieving father continued: "I didn't get the answers that I wanted. It didn't take very long, it could have taken us the whole day but it was shortened by me stating that we aren't getting the answers that we want and we'd leave it at that. "Only Oscar knows the true story." Ranvir went on to ask why June hadn't joined Barry for this visit. However, some viewers were left angered by the interview, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Twitter user @Speedqueenie wrote: "What a ridiculous question #GMB," while @Sweggers argued: "This is a car crash interview #gmb." @stua08115fumed: "Got to feel sorry for the Steerkamps but that was the most painful interview to watch. About 5 minutes too long and incoherent. In the attempt to be a ‘magazine’ programme you are really getting it wrong. #gmb." (sic) Others criticised the interview itself, with @AndrewM24391043 fuming: "God this is boring!! Pistorius is a murdering scumbag. Let's move on  #GMB." Noting the awkward change in topic on the show, @sarah_tames asked: "Does anyone else think @GMB should have considered what to cover after the story of #OscarPistorius the murderer and speaking to the victims' parents then next was covering #Oscar making it so glam wrong move #gmb." DON'T MISS... BBC defends 'lynch mob' Question Time backlash [LATEST]Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star [VIDEO]Better writer warns BBC drama divide viewers with 'complex' character [EXCLUSIVE] Others offered their sympathies to the Steenkamps and praised them for raising awareness. @charlotteukcity commented: "Utterly heartbreaking. If you’re watching this and you’re in a violent relationship, leave. "If you have children take them with you. There are shelters to help you. It will not change, it will only get worse. The issue is with them, not with you.  https://refuge.org.uk." @AndreaC18026289 added: "They are destroyed. My heart goes out to them, he’s too much of a coward to admit what really happened." @AndyMillburn added: "@GMB He’s told his story but it’s clearly not the truth otherwise he wouldn’t be in prison would he?" Disgraced paralympic sprinter Pistorius found fame in his athletic career but made headlines 10 years ago following the Valentine's Day shooting. Pistorius will soon be making a bid to be released from prison after a decade behind bars. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.  