Suella Braverman has spoken out on the "heartbreaking" news after a body found in search for missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley. Lancashire Police said they were called this morning to reports of a body in the River Wyre, close to Rawcliffe Road. An underwater search team and specialist officers attended the scene, entered the water and recovered a body. No formal identification has yet been carried out, so police are unable to say whether this is Ms Bulley at this time. The body was found around a mile from where Ms Bulley was last seen walking her dog in St Michael's on Wyre after dropping her daughters at school more than three weeks ago on January 27. Home Secretary Ms Braverman reacted to the news and wrote on Twitter: "These are heart-breaking and distressing developments. My thoughts remain with Nicola's family at this extremely difficult time." Lancashire Police said in a statement: "This morning, Sunday, 19 February, you may be aware of police activity around the river near to St Michaels. We want to provide you with an update on that activity. "We were called today at 11:36am to reports of a body in the River Wyre, close to Rawcliffe Road. "An underwater search team and specialist officers have subsequently attended the scene, entered the water and have sadly recovered a body. "No formal identification has yet been carried out, so we are unable to say whether this is Nicola Bulley at this time. "Procedures to identify the body are on-going. We are currently treating the death as unexplained. "Nicola’s family have been informed of developments and our thoughts are with them at this most difficult of times. We ask that their privacy is respected." READ MORE: Kate and William attend BAFTAs for first time in three years  The 45-year-old mortgage adviser vanished more than three weeks ago January 27 in St Michael's on Wyre while walking her dog after dropping her daughters, aged six and nine, at school. The discovery of the body comes after local police cordoned off roads around a mile from where Ms Bulley was last seen. A police helicopter and drone were seen flying overhead, with divers also searching the River Wyre. Soon after, a Crime Scene Investigators van arrived on the scene and forensics tent was erected. Last week, Lancashire Police were criticised by many for making Ms Bulley's struggles with alcohol and peri-menopause public three weeks after she vanished. In a press conference on Wednesday, the force said she was classed as a "high-risk" missing person immediately after partner Paul Ansell reported her disappearance, "based on a number of specific vulnerabilities". A statement was released later that day which added had stopped taking her HRT medication. This led to a public backlash and interventions from the Government and Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper followed. Lancashire Constabulary has confirmed a date had been set for an internal review into the investigation. A spokeswoman said: "A review of the investigation is diarised and will be conducted by our head of crime detective Chief Superintendent Pauline Stables."