New Chelsea starlet Andrey Santos has taken the South American U20 Championship by storm and is guiding the young Brazil side to an impressive triumph. The midfielder was one of the more low-key signings made by the Blues in January, but could turn out to be one of their biggest revelations. The 18-year-old arrived from Vasco da Gama and is part of a concerted drive by Chelsea to recruit the world’s best young talent. He is certainly proving his ability in Colombia at the youth equivalent of the Copa America. Santos scored in Brazil’s win over Ecuador while Chelsea were sealing a whopping British-record £107million move for Enzo Fernandez. The £18m paid to Vasco for the teenager could well prove to be the bigger bargain. A creative and combative midfielder with a proven eye for goal, Santos has drawn comparisons with Manchester United ace Casemiro and reported Chelsea summer target Jude Bellingham. JUST IN: Enzo Fernandez 'threatened Benfica' despite gentleman's agreement “He is just a very well-rounded central midfielder,” Brazilian football expert and popular tactics YouTuber Filippo Silva told Transfermarkt. “By well-rounded, I mean great going forward, offers you goals, progresses the ball forward, and very good with his tackles and interceptions.” Santos’ goal against Ecuador was his fourth of the tournament. He is expected to play for Chelsea’s U21s for the remainder of the season, and the Stamford Bridge hierarchy are working hard to get his full work permit from the home office. The starlet said upon joining: "It's a very big opportunity for me. This is a big club playing in big competitions like the Premier League so I am very excited. The players here are so good and I am very happy to be here." DON'T MISS...Chelsea may have their own Pogba with Fernandez amid 'scapegoat' fearChelsea's mad transfer turnaround from no money for team bus petrolLiverpool shown what their missing in damaging transfer blunder And while Santos has been compared with England sensation Bellingham, Chelsea still harbour hopes of having the real one in the summer. Reports suggest they will battle Liverpool and Real Madrid for the Borussia Dortmund midfielder, despite the arrival of Fernandez on deadline day. Bellingham is likely to cost clubs north of £100m, although it is claimed that Chelsea are prepared to spend big yet again to continue improving Todd Boehly’s squad. The £18m paid for Santos was a mere drop in the ocean for the west Londoners, and it has formed part of a whopping £550m outlay under Todd Boehly. Chelsea spent £280m of that in January, with the likes of Fernandez, Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke and Joao Felix joining Santos and a host of other young talents. It remains to be seen if they will spend similar amounts in the summer.