Trains near the east coast of Scotland are facing "major disruption" following a gas leak near a small town as homes are evacuated. All lines at Carnoustie Station have been closed for safety reasons while several train lines through Edinburgh have been disrupted. ScotRail services between Edinburgh Waverley and Aberdeen will be cancelled or revised, with trains set to run to and terminate at Dundee. Meanwhile LNER will not be running any trains between the two cities, and are offering replacement transport instead.  LNER trains are replaced by a coach running from Edinburgh to Aberdeen at 10.30am and 3.30pm. Another coach will transport passengers from Edinburgh to Dundee at 3.30pm.  The disruption is expected to last until 2pm. Engineers are working to repair the leak, which was first discovered near the line in Angus on Wednesday. Network Rail Scotland said the line via Carnoustie will remain closed until it is safe to reopen, and have placed a 50-metre exclusion zone around the site. Carnoustie Leisure Centre and two homes within a 50m (164ft) exclusion zone have also been evacuated following the incident. READ MORE: Rail operator SNCF sued after ‘staff deliberately’ killed pet cat [REVEAL]  ScotRail have confirmed that local trains between Montrose, Aberdeen and Inverurie will run as normal. Scottish Gas Networks (SGN) tweeted: “Our engineers are working to repair our gas network in Carnoustie following third-party damage. For safety reasons, Taymouth Street and the nearby railway line have been closed.” ScotRail tickets will be accepted on Stagecoach Buses between Arbroath and Dundee, CityLink between Aberdeen and Glasgow and LNER services on any reasonable route. LNER customers can also use their tickets on ScotRail trains between Dundee and Edinburgh. Announcing the chaos, Travel Watch tweeted: "Major disruption reported after gas leak forces closure of portion of Network Rail's East Coast line."  DON'T MISS: 'Ghost bus' replaces rail line that can't be axed due to red tape [REVEAL]Job on posh train pays £2,200-a-month and has incredible perks [INSIGHT]Inside the royal train King Charles took yesterday - pictures [ANALYSIS]