Monday's BBC Breakfast focused on Hollywood actor Will Ferrell's visit to Wrexham, where he attended a football match, much to the surprise of some local fans. It came as the Welsh town has welcomed some famous faces in recent years since Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney bought the club in 2021. However, viewers tuned into the programme were quick to complain the coverage was "unimportant" and pleaded for interviews to be "wrapped up". Footage of the Elf star talking into a camera about his excitement ahead of the match went viral at the weekend. The woman behind the camera, Amy, joined BBC Breakfast hosts Sally Nugent and Ben Thompson along with fellow Wrexham fans, mother and daughter Alex and Evie. "Amy, am I right in thinking you filmed quite a lot of the stuff with Will over the weekend?" Sally asked. "Well, I filmed that video that you just heard there," the fan replied. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star "How did it all happen?" Sally continued, to which Amy answered: "I don't even know, it's mindblowing how it does happen each time with the club. "But we just sort of run with it and just take every day as it comes." Alex added: "We got a rumour that he'd be there so we went to our seats and luckily it's near where they get to the box. "So there was one excited little girl to meet Buddy the Elf. He just walked past and had a photo." "Evie, tell everyone at home what you said when you saw him," Sally suggested. The youngster replied: "Buddy the Elf," before Ben chimed: "Best film ever." He continued: "And tell everyone what was he doing. Because we know he went down to the pub for a pint before the match. "When he turned up, did other people recognise him or did he manage to slide in unnoticed?" DON'T MISS... Will Mellor ‘terrified’ after being ‘thrown about on road's in series [EXCLUSIVE]The Apprentice star addresses 'demanding' toll series took on health [LATEST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' affair plot will tear couple apart [THEORY] "No, he was surrounded by people wanting photos," Alex replied. "We just waited patiently and eventually he got to us." Many tuned in weren't impressed by the interview as it continued, with several accusing the BBC show of focusing on unimportant things. Twitter user @BCollier2012 wrote: "#bbcbreakfast How important is it to have Hollywood has-beens come and watch the team?" @Erasmo2058 penned: "Please wrap this interview up. #BBCBreakfast." @C00k13Pu55 added: "Ok Will Ferrell turned up at Wrexham..... end of story #BBCBreakfast." "Will Ferrell goes to a football match. Meanwhile the World burns. #BBCBreakfast," @Erasmo2058 posted. @1GRANDHIGHWITCH shared: "BBC Breakfast Is this s**t really News Wrexham again." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.