Tony Cascarino has claimed it could be time for Liverpool to consider selling Virgil van Dijk after their disastrous 5-2 Champions League defeat to Real Madrid. It was a night to forget at Anfield on Tuesday for the Reds despite their thunderous start that saw them race into a 2-0 lead courtesy of goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah. But Liverpool's season took another unexpected twist as Real Madrid quickly stamped their authority on the tie, blowing the hapless Reds away. Two goals from Vinicius Junior drew Real Madrid level at the interval before Eder Militao and a brace from Karim Benzema saw Los Blancos bank a three-goal lead ahead of the return fixture in Spain. While Joe Gomez endured a nightmare, Cascarino believes Van Dijk shouldn't be exempt from any form of blame due to his part in the fourth Real Madrid goal. He told The Times when discussing Benzema's first goal on the night: “Gomez plays Rodrygo onside and is then unfortunate with a deflection, but Virgil van Dijk should not escape criticism. READ MORE: Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised “As the senior centre back, he should recognise that his partner is struggling and ensure the back line is flat. However, the Dutchman was often raising his eyebrows or looking to the ground. “This body language reminds me of Van Dijk’s final season at Southampton, when he was pushing for a move to Anfield. "Five years on, I think it could be time for Liverpool to consider selling him themselves. The Van Dijk that was among the best in the world has disappeared.” Van Dijk was also criticised by Jamie Carragher, who said after the defeat that he would get into the current Liverpool side ahead of the Dutchman on the basis of current form. READ MOREVirgil van Dijk speaks out after Jamie Carragher rant with Liverpool stars 'angry' at lossJamie Carragher 'after soundbites' as Man Utd icon Andy Cole berates Haaland commentsLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised Carragher has since described his comment as "tongue in cheek" on Twitter, although it's clear he does not feel Van Dijk is operating at the peak of his powers. The Holland international was sidelined at the start of the year with a hamstring injury before returning to the fold against Newcastle last weekend. Van Dijk detailed the anger inside the Liverpool dressing room after the heavy European defeat as he almost dismissed the Reds' chances of progressing to the quarter-finals of the Champions League due to their calamitous display. “Everyone is angry, everyone is obviously disappointed. And the way we lost, almost not giving ourselves a chance in Madrid, is tough," Van Dijk said. "It’s hard that we have almost an impossible job in Madrid. It is difficult, but it is the hard reality and something we have to deal with, we have to deal with as a group, as a unit. “It's not been the easiest season so far but the only way to get out of it is to stick together and that's the message – even after now.” Liverpool now travel to Crystal Palace on Saturday as they seek to make it three Premier League wins on the spin. Jurgen Klopp will be determined to get a response from his players following the sobering midweek reality check at Anfield. It's another good chance for Liverpool to gain further ground on top-four rivals with Manchester United and Newcastle occupied with the Carabao Cup final.