Hannah Gaboardi, Trichologist and Viviscal Brand Ambassador, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about what one can do to strengthen their hair and achieve a thick mane. Hannah noted that the supplements one uses, as well as their diet, can contribute to hair health. Hannah said: “I would always recommend people go on a highly researched and well-known supplement like Viviscal Healthy Hair Supplements, which have over 25 years of clinical studies and fantastic results. “Treating hair from the inside out is in my opinion the best foundation for improving and maintaining thicker hair. “Using the full spectrum of Viviscal products, including supplements, is a great way to achieve this. “Also, lots of fortifying leave-in treatments is another great way to boost condition, ensuring hair is looked after both inside and out.” READ MORE: Inside lavish royal home where Queen Mother had her honeymoon Leave-in conditioners are perfect for those who want to hydrate their hair without making much effort, according to hair experts. Designed to detangle, fight frizz, flatten flyaways, and protect from heat, just a little spritz of a leave-in conditioner could be the key to reviving lacklustre locks. Neil Moodie, hairstylist and founder of the Neil Moodie Studio, explained: “If you have thick, coarse hair, you’ll likely be better suited to a creamy leave-in conditioner, whereas if your hair is very fine, a light spray will work better and not weigh the hair down. “Thicker, creamier formulas tend to be better for moisture and frizz control, and spray formulas tend to be lighter and are not only easier to apply but are a good choice for heat protection, detangling and smoothing.” DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] The best ingredients to look out for in leave-in conditioners are: argan oil, coconut oil, macadamia oil, shea butter, castor oil, hydrolysed protein and amino acids, panthenol and vitamin E, avocado and jojoba seed oil. Hannah went on to explain that “nutrients are so important for hair regrowth”. She said: “Most of the time when clients are experiencing hair loss, their body is lacking in certain nutrients such as Zinc, Biotin, Iron - all very important for hair growth. “Having a diet which includes foods such as fatty fish, spinach, sweet potato, salmon, oysters, carrots are all hair-friendly foods and helps with getting your hair back on track.” Another daily haircare tip to add to your routine is to make sure your scalp is well looked after, according to Hannah. “Scalp massages increases hair thickness by stretching the cells of hair folliclesm,” she said. “This then stimulates the follicles to produce thicker hair.” Hannah stressed that many hair changes can occur post-pregnancy as hormones can impact one’s hair. She explained: “Hormones can make your hair grow faster and fall out less. But these hair changes usually aren't permanent. “Many women lose some hair in the postpartum period or after they stop breastfeeding. “Adding in hair supplements to your daily routine postpartum is a really effective way of getting that growth back and help maintain healthy hair. “Supplements are such an easy way to ensure your hair is getting the nutrients it needs on the day-to-day,” the expert added. Viviscal is a great hair supplement brand, but Nutrafol, Hairfinity, Vital Proteins, and Love Wellness all offer similar hair supplement products to promote healthy hair and scalp.