Aries Make the most of the extra cooperation you’re getting from others who share your domestic circle. If you have some unusual plans for March, persuade your family to consider these now. If you sense tension brewing in the workplace, switch to less touchy topics. Taurus You might long to step in and put a friend or younger relative on the right path. With you being more experienced this would make a difficult job easier for them to deal with. Despite your concern, hold your horses. If you interfere, this will make them feel as if they are a failure. Gemini There are various matters you are concerned about. You feel there is merit in taking precautions despite some people taking a more relaxed view to some events and situations. When making choices, go with the one that gives you a stronger sense of security. Cancer You will be glad of your recent careful handling of finances when before the day is over you will have discovered some good reasons as to why you were wise to keep your purse or wallet firmly closed. Your powers of self-expression are high. This is your chance to voice ideas you have been keeping bottled-up inside. Leo Problems that seemed insurmountable at the start of the day will be conquered with the right support around you. Your ability to look on the bright side will be infectious. Everyone needs an excuse to feel good and they will admit to finding your cheerful company a welcome distraction. Virgo It is not too late to change your mind if you recently agreed to arrangements that will cause you tension and stress. You may not want to let people down but taking on too much will put you under pressure and this puts your health at risk. It is not a good idea to overextend yourself.  Libra You will benefit from other people’s generosity. It will warm your heart to realise how kind, caring and generous some people can be. You always strive to be giving and helpful with your time, money and resources. Your past good work is now being repaid. Scorpio The cost of living is stretching your household income. You’re having to dig deep to cover bills and you’re scraping the bottom of your financial resources in order to keep on top of finances. It is hardly surprising that financial difficulties weigh heavily on your mind. Sagittarius There may be some complaints when you pull out of a volunteer effort. Your reasons for doing so are valid. It doesn’t matter if this means someone else has to take up the slack after you have left, they will find a way to manage without you.   Capricorn A stubborn attitude will cause tension. Those who know you well will also know how rigid you can be in your views. It will surprise them when you take a more flexible approach to money and business matters. This will ultimately allow a compromise to be reached. Aquarius Your dedication to helping others has helped make a difference. You have served your community well but you do not have to feel obliged to continue work you have been doing for a charity. Step aside and allow other volunteers to step in. You have a right to some time to yourself. Pisces It is important to pay your dues even if this means accepting a temporary menial position. Your colleagues will hold it against you if they think you are getting special treatment. Winning the trust of your employer and workmates is more important than you think.  