UK fishermen have lashed out at the Government and accused it of "betrayal" over broken Brexit promises, with European vessels still allowed to run riot in British waters. Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his Conservative Party Government had promised fishermen they would be fully protected in the event of any trade deal with the European Union. This was signed at the eleventh hour on December 30, 2020 with fishing rights, which had been a major bone of contention in often bitter negotiations between the two sides, one of the last issues to be resolved. But three years after the UK officially left the bloc, fishermen are furious over what they view as a betrayal and broken promises from the Tories. Barrie Deas, Chief Executive of National Federation of Fishermen’s Organisations, told Express.co.uk: "The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was a huge disappointment to most in the fishing industry because it fell very far short of the promises that had been made by Boris Johnson and Lord Frost. "There was that initial shock, disappointment and frustration that having been promised so much, so little was delivered. "The quota shares we receive are very far away from what a normal coastal state might expect. The changes were marginal and mostly went to the mackerel fisheries. "We were promised an exclusive 12 mile limit that was an exclusive UK red line but European vessels continue to be allowed to fish between the 6-12 mile limits. "All of that has been very disappointing and very frustrating and in many ways reflected continuity with our experiences in the Common Fisheries Policy." He continued: "UK fishermen feel very let down because there were a lot of promises made but very little has been delivered. "Large parts of the fishing industry view this as a betrayal and a repeat of 1974 when big power politics comes into play. The UK needed a trade deal, the EU agreed but was contingent on giving way on fisheries and that's what happened." READ MORE: Starmer in car crash interview as he fails to answer 5 questions Alistair Carmichael the Liberal Democrat MP for Orkney and Shetland, who is also Vice Chair of the House of Commons All-Party Parliamentary Group on Fisheries, said fishermen "have been left with a deal with is nothing like what they were promised". He told Express.co.uk: "For everything that was promised to the fishing industry, the reality is it has been universally the opposite. "The opportunities to make our own decisions in terms of how we manage the fisheries, who can fish in our water, what they can fish for - I don't think many people see much change and any change they do see, is change for the worse. "Fishermen were given promises over who was allowed to fish and how they were allowed to fish but that hasn't changed at all. DON'T MISSDonald Trump ‘would do post-Brexit trade deal with Keir Starmer’ [COMMENTS]Truss fires Brexit warning shot at Sunak over protocol Brexit talks [LATEST]Brexit can boost Ukraine's Nato bid, says ambassador Vadym Prystaiko [REPORT] "For example, there are trawlers that fish using gillnets to the west of Shetland. They are sometimes kilometres long and left to sit in the water. It is the most unsustainable fishing practice imaginable "They are sitting in the water, so it excludes local fishermen from getting access to grounds that they have fished in for generations." Mr Carmichael concluded: "Fishermen were promised the earth and for good reasons were prepared to accept these promises but the reality they gave been left to deal with is nothing like what they were promised "We have the worst of all worlds. You still have European fishing vessels fishing in British waters but it is now much more difficult to export our fish into the EU Single Market." The trade deal signed with the EU stated there would be a five-year transition period during which little would change, for the bloc's fishermen to adjust to fishing less in British waters. After this period, the EU catch would be reduced by just a quarter, compared to a much higher 60 percent cut the UK had been pushing for. At the time, Mr Johnson turned up to his press conference wearing a fish-themed tie and told reporters: "For the first time since 1973 we will be an independent coastal state with full control of our waters." But the deal triggered immediate fury, with Mr Deas saying: "In the end it was clear that Boris Johnson wanted an overall trade deal and was willing to sacrifice fishing. "The broad feeling is that the UK has made significant concessions on fish in order to secure a trade deal. I think the industry will be extremely disappointed."