Irons have been around for decades, steamers, on the other hand, are relatively new to the mass market. Queen of Clean, Lynsey Crombie joined ITV’s This Morning to put a selection of the newest steamers to the test and explained why they are great for “hygienically cleaning” clothes and pillows that are otherwise hard to wash and dry. Presenter Phillip Schofield introduced: “Clothes steamers are set to be the gadget of the year, Queen of Clean Lynsey Crombie shared her pick of the best.” Lynsey added: “Putting five of the best steamers to the test.” Holly Willoughby wondered: “Do you think a steamer can replace an iron?” The cleaning expert answered: “Yes definitely. “I think the benefit of a steamer is when you buy something new and you don’t want to wash it, you can just steam it and it kills bacteria.” READ MORE: Paving expert shares 4 common items to ‘avoid’ cleaning slabs with Phillip asked: “Does this save money over ironing?” Lynsey explained: “Yes it does because you’re not using as much energy, you’re not needing as much storage - don’t need an ironing board or a big posh iron. They do work, there are some really good ones on the market.” The benefit of ironing is being able to press and de-crease small areas on an item of clothing. Holly asked: “Do they do collars and cuffs?” Lynsey said they do, and the presenter added: “Because when you iron, you’re pressing -” Lynsey finished: “You want to get into details, pockets, cuffs, and that’s where this one is quite good as it’s more like an iron - put it flat, on your bed and do the bedding if you want?” DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims [VIDEO]Chef’s ‘easy’ technique to make the ‘most perfect poached egg’ [HOW TO]Skincare experts share ‘key’ to preventing ‘wrinkly and saggy’ skin [EXCLUSIVE] When the presenters were trying out the different steamers, Lynsey noted: “Remember, press it to the fabric, let the steam do the work. “Steam is hygienically cleaning as well, so you’ll be killing 99.9 percent of bacteria. “Great for cleaning grout in the bathroom, or pillows, great for powerful cleaning.” One model was so good it could “replace your ironing board, so if you have this you don’t need an iron or ironing board”. READ MORE: Expert shares humane deterrents to keep squirrels out of your garden Lynsey also said some models are really great for steaming and cleaning sofas and other large upholstered items like mattresses. But always check the label before use. In terms of how a steamer is different from an iron; a steamer uses heat and moisture (from hot water vapour) to remove wrinkles and smooth the surface of the fabric. An iron, on the other hand, is an electronic device that uses heat and pressure (from the weight of the iron and applied pressure), to remove wrinkles from fabric. That’s why it’s sometimes called ‘pressing’. Iron can also form sharp fold lines, such as cuffs, pleats and creases. Many newer models of iron also have a steam button, so it can be classed as an all-in-one device. But to use an iron you ideally need an ironing board. Generally speaking, the type of fabric will determine whether a steamer or iron is used. Synthetics respond well to gentle steam, as do delicate fabrics like silk or chiffon that shouldn’t be ironed. Creases in cotton, on the other hand, take longer to remove when using a steamer versus an iron.