Micah Richards has questioned whether Wout Weghorst is good enough to fire Manchester United to the Premier League title as the Red Devils continue to hunt down league leaders Arsenal. The Red Devils are starting to up the pressure on the Gunners and Manchester City despite their midweek 2-2 draw with Leeds at Old Trafford and there is a growing sense of optimism that they could yet play a surprise part in the alleged two-horse race.  However, ex-Manchester City right-back Richards is sceptical as to whether United are over-reliant on Marcus Rashford in attack as he raised doubts over the goalscoring capabilities of Dutchman Weghorst. He said on Sky Sports: "The only problem I see with Manchester United is the No 9 position. "Wout Weghorst is a good player, he links well but can he score enough goals to keep them in the race? "Marcus Rashford has been excellent but can he keep his form going until the end of the season? READ MORE: Man Utd star Jadon Sancho's reaction to Alejandro Garnacho goal speaks volumes "Arsenal have got Gabriel Jesus to come back, Man City have Haaland and a World Cup winner in Julian Alvarez on the bench." Weghorst thought he'd found the net on Sunday afternoon in the 2-0 win at Elland Road but his goal was chalked off for offside. The Burnley target man has only scored once so far for United in seven outings in all competitions but he continues to be selected in attack as the focal point in Erik ten Hag's side. Regardless of potential struggles in attack, Gary Neville feels it's too much of an ask for United to chase down Arsenal and City, particularly given they are the only English side still competing in every competition. DON'T MISS Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sent warning over health after stressful Leicester thrashing Four excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setback Neville said: "United are still in all of the cup competition. I just think it will be too much for them. "If they're in it in March or April time with seven or eight games to go they have a chance. But I just don't think they're quite ready yet." In positive news for United, Arsenal and Manchester City go head-to-head on Wednesday meaning at least one of the sides are set to drop points. Arsenal are still five points clear of United and they also have two games in hand on Ten Hag's ever-improving third-placed side. The Gunners have also played the Red Devils twice this season, winning one and losing one. Man City would go above Arsenal on goal difference on Wednesday if they were to win at the Emirates Stadium, although the Gunners would still have one game in hand. The champions could also be without Erling Haaland for the trip to north London after the Norwegian picked up a thigh issue in the 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Sunday. Pep Guardiola is currently unable to confirm whether he will be able to call upon the Premier League's top goalscorer, who came off at half-time with the niggle.