Mikel Arteta went full Pep Guardiola after Everton dealt Arsenal's Premier League title hopes a huge blow on Saturday. The Gunners lost 1-0 at Goodison Park as Sean Dyche started his reign on Merseyside in stunning fashion. Arteta's side weren't at the races, producing one of their most uninspired performances of the season to slump to defeat against the relegation-threatened Toffees. James Tarkowski cashed in on the hosts' superiority in the 60th minute, fittingly heading home a Dwight McNeil cross as two former Burnley stars combined to hand Dyche his maiden win. The result will have boosted Manchester City ahead of their trip to Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday, an away visit that hasn't been kind to them since Spurs moved out of White Hart Lane. Guardiola has become known to emphasise his love for his players after poor results, and Arteta took a leaf out of his former teacher's book after full-time at Goodison. He said: "I told them [Arsenal players] today I love them much more than a week ago and six months ago. DON'T MISS: Arteta makes three complaints as Arsenal lose to Everton  "It's easy to be next to someone when they're winning and playing well. Now is the moment to be next to them - they deserve it. I'm so proud to coach these players." But Arteta was realistic about the Gunners' performance, admitting they allowed Everton to play their own game and lacked quality when it mattered most. "We had loads of the ball, but we lacked that purpose and quality in the final third," Arteta explained. "We generated many chances, but then we conceded, and they slowed the game down, and we struggled. They do this to every team. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  "That is their strength with the height, the physicality is their strength. If you want to control the game against them, you have to control this. We did not do that today.  "We needed more composure and to control the game emotionally better. We gave away so many unnecessary free-kicks, and that's what they want."  He added: "This is not going to be a rose pathway. This is going to be tricky, and we will have to dig in and play much better than we did today."  Man City will close the gap to just two points, albeit having played a game more, if they defeat Tottenham in north London on Sunday. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing!