1923 is returning to Paramount Plus following a hiatus and Yellowstone fans were left on the edge of their seats with the ultimate cliffhanger. Spencer Dutton (played by Brandon Sklenar) finally caught word that his family back in Montana were in grave danger. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is at the heart of the story. A teaser for what is to come shows Spencer and his new love interest Alexandra making the perilous trip back to America. Spencer is ready to declare war on those who have threatened his family and almost killed his uncle Jacob (Harrison Ford). He is played by Brandon Sklenar, an actor from New Jersey who made his film debut in Cornered in 2011. Viewers may also recognise him from the film Temple and the Fox series New Girl. Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, he said of what is to come: "[Spencer is] somebody who carries a lot of guilt and a lot of shame for not having reached out in so many years, and it's something that he carries with him everywhere. "These tragic events also give him purpose. He's coming back with a force for sure, because he's writing what he's been guilty and shameful about for years." READ MORE: Harrison Ford brands 1923 co-star Helen Mirren 'sexy’ Alexandra is a British woman who was fascinated by Spencer's way of life and chose to join him. Little did they both know, their romance would lead them back to America as Alexandra encouraged Spencer to be with his family. She is played by Julia Schlaepfer, a 27-year-old American actress known for The Politician and The Sky is Everywhere. The star is on Instagram and she shared some behind-the-scenes snaps of herself in character on the 1923 set. "Cheeky grin because the second half of @1923official comin at ya this weekend! Hehehe," she said [Sic]. Banner is one of the main antagonists of the series as he has a vendetta against Jacob and the Dutton ranch. He is seen in the promo for the upcoming episode so it appears he is not giving up, even after being threatened with war. Banner is played by Jerome Flynn, a 59-year-old English actor and singer known for playing Bronn in Game of Thrones. He may also be recognised for his roles in Ripper Street and Soldier Soldier. DON'T MISS... 1923’s Spencer won’t return to Duttons in harrowing theory Harrison Ford recalls how filming conditions led to wardrobe mishap 1923 family tree shows how Spencer Dutton is related to John Dutton Donald is a wealthy business tycoon who has struck a deal with Banner over land. He is in the trailer for the upcoming episodes speaking of how Banner is not likely to give up. Donald is played by Timothy Dalton, a 76-year-old Welsh actor who started his career in theatre. His rise to fame came when he played the fourth James Bond, starring in The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill. He spoke to The New York Times about the "nightmare" filming conditions for 1923. He added: "We are on top of a hill with a blasting wind coming at us. The cameras freeze up. Your toes freeze up.” Cara has been doing a good job of holding the fort while her husband recovers from his injuries. Still, she is not ready to sit back yet as she is aware the threats will continue to come. Cara is played by Helen Mirren, a 77-year-old English actress best known for The Queen and The Audience. Her other credits include Prime Suspect and Calendar Girls. Speaking of her latest role in 1923, she said she didn't read the script before signing up, which is something she has never done before.  1923 airs on Sundays and Mondays on The Paramount Network.