Discussing how high-tech scams are being used to steal cash at "the touch of a button", Morning Live’s Gethin Jones spoke to Dirty Rotten Scammers’ Mavis Acherley about the "simple trick" that criminals are using right now, to steal money and information from people - as well as the key tools and tips to prevent it. Coined as “shoulder surfing”, Ms Acherley described the trick as being “how criminals steal your information in plain sight". She continued: “A common example of this - we all do it - we go to a cash machine, we put our PIN in, and someone could be stood behind you or beside you just taking note of that number. We need to be careful when we're doing things like this.” Highlighting the risk, Ms Acherley said: “The banking industry body, UK Finance, said fraud losses on cards totalled over £272million in the first half of 2022. This is big money and these criminals are not set for stopping, so we really need to be more vigilant and careful.” Responding to the warning, Morning Live presenter Sam Quek added: "We're quite conscious of hiding our PINs on the pads and cash machines but I suppose, more often than not now, it's on phones or laptops where people are peering in.” READ MORE: Mum and three sons jailed over £2.8m mortgage fraud   Ms Acherley replied: "This is it. We carry these devices around with us all the time. We shop with them, we travel with them. When you're on a train or a bus or in a crowded place, you could be on your phone or your laptop and you put in this information, someone could be peering over your shoulder or looking sideways." She added: "These fraudsters are after your information." Recalling a situation Ms Acherley recently experienced, she explained how she was in a coffee shop when someone loudly gave out their name, the long card number and the three-digit code on the back of the card over the phone. She said: “I heard it, and so did everybody else. If someone was criminal and wanted to get that information, it would be so easy to do. We just feel comfortable in this environment with all of this technology around us." DON'T MISS: Barclays warning as Britons lose £4,330 in ‘most common’ fraud attempt [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Home improvement to save ‘£600 a year’ on bills and add property value [EXPLAINED]    Mr Jones then held his phone up to the camera and said: “There is a simple solution, which I have on this phone here.” Ms Acherley said: “It's called a privacy screen protector. While you're sitting on a train or on a bus or wherever, if someone was trying to peer onto your device, they wouldn't be able to see anything because it darkens the screen. "They cost from around £10 to £30 depending on what device you're putting it on, but a very worthwhile piece of kit if you're working on the go. You just stick it on." READ MORE: O2 warning over call or text that will drain customer bank accounts  Most privacy screen protectors use MicroLouvre technology that only allows light from the display to pass through at certain angles. According to Android Authority, the process can be likened to “how Venetian window blinds work”, but at a microscopic scale. It explained: “The filter layer is set to a narrow front angle, usually 60 or 90 degrees, and anyone looking at your screen from beyond that viewing angle won’t see anything.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Along with a screen protector, there are also a number of good practice tips for working or banking on the go to increase security even further. Ms Ackerley explained: “Sit with your back against a wall so no one can peer over - or in a corner. “If you're on the phone, remember, if we've got our earphones on, we speak really loudly. Do you want everybody to hear what you're talking about? Do you want to give your name and address out? These fraudsters are collecting information, so it's very important that we try and keep as much of this personal.” She continued: “Cover your laptop password with your hand. If you need to make a call, go to a quiet place or somewhere where nobody is so you're not giving all of this information away.” Morning Live airs weekdays on BBC One from 9.15am. 