Wrexham supporters have become accustomed to a scent of Hollywood on home matchdays after Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney's high-profile takeover in 2021. But not many would have expected to walk into the local pub to see Will Ferrell sipping a pint of lager. Well, that was the reality ahead of Saturday's National League clash with Wealdstone at the Racecourse Ground. Ferrell, a close friend of Reynolds, was spotted in north Wales on a long-hinted trip from the United States to watch Wrexham in action. The award-winning actor paid a visit to the Racecourse's now-famed pub, The Turf, where he was pictured enjoying a beverage with a group of fans. Just after 1pm, @JordGriffXXIX tweeted: "Just Will Ferrell having a pint in the Turf #Wrexham" And he was later filmed arriving at the stadium ahead of Saturday's game as Wrexham continue to apply pressure on league leaders Notts County in search of promotion to League Two. JUST IN: Man knocked out by one punch outside West Ham vs Chelsea clash  Two weeks ago, Ferrell told the Men In Blazers podcast that he was planning to attend a Wrexham home game in February. "We are planning a trip in February to hit the triple crown — Fulham, QPR and Wrexham," the 55-year-old A-lister revealed. He has kept his word, though there was no sight of co-owners Reynolds and McElhenney with him. Ferrell was spotted alongside Reynolds and David Beckham at Wembley Stadium in May for the FA Trophy final against Bromley. In October, the former explained that he would love to welcome Ferrell at the Racecourse for a non-league game. DON'T MISS Greenwood's 'spirits lifted' by Ten Hag chat as Man Utd face decisionChelsea continue wild spending by handing Morgan '£6m record contract'Spurs could sign four Benfica stars if they appoint Rui Pedro Braz And the Anchorman star has jokingly challenged Reynolds and fellow actor Jason Sudeikis, who plays AFC Richmond coach Ted Lasso in the hit Apple TV show, to a 'three-way tournament'. Ferrell is a minority owner at LAFC, who were crowned MLS champions in 2022, and has regularly been spotted at games in Los Angeles. While commentating on a fixture, he proposed: "I feel that I am a catalyst in that regard [American actors getting involved in football]. "And I think Ted's team, Ryan's team, and LA FC should try and play each other at some point. Like a three-team tournament." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here