Businessman Graham Drew had only had his guide dog Ricky for a couple of weeks when he decided to enjoy a meal at a nearby restaurant. But he said he was shocked when staff “publicly humiliated” him, ­accusing him of lying about his visual impairment and ordered him to leave. Graham, who has a degenerative condition and lost his vision in his 30s, said he was shown “no remorse” at Turkish eatery Sultan Sofrasi. He said he explained his dog Ricky was well-trained, clean and essential for his independence at the restaurant in Bow, east London. But recruitment company founder Graham, 36, claimed the “aggressive” owner accused his dog of being dirty and said that he “didn’t look blind”. He said: “A couple of weeks after I got Ricky, a Turkish restaurant would not let us through the door because he insisted no dogs were allowed. “The owner was aggressive from the start and he was quick to say no when I explained that Ricky was a guide dog and I need him to get around. “It was clear he didn’t care to hear my explanations and he just wanted to get rid of us. His voice was raised and he was throwing his arms around. He said Ricky was dirty and his customers would be uncomfortable eating their dinner around a dog. “Even after I explained the law, he said that Ricky was dirty and then went on to say that I ‘didn’t look blind’ anyway. The owner of the ­restaurant showed no remorse. The whole experience was mortifying. The owner accused me of trespassing and threatened to call the police on me. In fact, I called the police on them and they got a good talking to.” The father of one added: “It ­completely knocked my confidence and it has left me anxious about ­eating out. I get the same sense of dread I experienced that day whenever I walk into a restaurant now.” Graham said it is a familiar story as he is refused entry to a business or service, including shops, taxis and hotels, at least once a week. A Guide Dogs charity survey found that 81 per cent of guide dog owners have been turned away from public buildings – a five per cent increase on 2019. Under the Equality Act 2010, it is illegal for a person with a disability to be treated unfavourably because of a factor connected with their disability, such as a guide dog. Graham added: “It isn’t always a case of point-blank refusal, but this does still happen. It takes a big ­argument and a lot of humiliation to convince them that Ricky and I are legally allowed in. And this happens regularly, once a week. “No one ever takes the blame. I want to see the system work better and more collaboratively with disabled people.”