Novak Djokovic’s rivalry with Carlos Alcaraz is ‘great for tennis’ according to Alex Corretja as the pair will be able to push each other to new heights like Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer did. The duo currently sit atop the ATP World Rankings with Djokovic surpassing the Spaniard after his win at the Australian Open last month. Djokovic could scarcely have hoped for a better start to 2023, winning the Adelaide Open before claiming Australian Open glory three weeks later. He reclaimed the world No 1 ranking with his success in Melbourne and this week broke the record length of time at top spot, surpassing the great Steffi Graf after spending 378 weeks as world No 1 during his career. However, things have not always been plain sailing for Djokovic over the past year with his vaccination status preventing him from competing in tournaments in the USA. Alcaraz was one of the biggest beneficiaries of this, ending 2022 as world No 1 after winning the US Open. The duo are now set to do battle for titles and ranking points in 2023, something Corretja believes will be great for the sport. The Spaniard believes Alcaraz and Djokovic can push each other to new levels similar to the Serb’s relationship with Nadal and Federer for much of his career. JUST IN: Nadal's 18-year streak could be ended by three rivals amid injury woes "I think it is nice, once you are there at the top of the rankings, to have someone pushing you," Corretja told Eurosport. "That makes you improve all the time and that makes you learn. I think for Novak, it may not have been the number one thing for him in the last year when he could not play in many tournaments and the big ones, like Wimbledon, he did not get any points. "But as soon as he has got back into the rhythm of the tour again, he is gaining points and he is seeing that he is growing. He is seeing that the young ones are pushing him as well. "I think for him, it is something that is extra motivation because you need to know how to keep finding ways of improving your game. DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz makes injury confession after losing Rio Open finalCameron Norrie wins fifth career title with revenge on Carlos AlcarazAndy Murray pulls out of Dubai Championship in injury concern "This is great for tennis, and it is great for them because, at the end of the day, the reason why Rafa, Roger and Novak were so good was because they were in the same era and they needed to improve. "Otherwise, it was not enough from what you did last year, you need to add a few things in order to keep winning tournaments and big titles which, in the end, is what really matters the most for these players." Djokovic and Alcaraz will both be in action this week with the Serb part of the Dubai Tennis Championships while the teenager lines up at the Mexican Open.