Juventus have no intention of ripping up Paul Pogba’s contract with Old Lady in agreement with the French midfielder. The 29-year-old is yet to play a competitive match since his return to the Serie A from Manchester United, leading to suggestions in some quarters that his contract would be ended prematurely. Pogba was an inspiration in his first spell for Juventus, helping the club win the Serie A title four years on the bounce between 2013 and 2016. He struck up an excellent relationship with Arturo Vidal, Claudio Marchisio and Andrea Pirlo in midfield, with the quartet central to everything the club achieved in that time. His form earned him a return to United for a British record fee of £87million in 2016. However, he returned to Italy in the summer on a free transfer after failing to fulfil his full potential at Old Trafford. Yet the move has not gone as he had hoped with the Frenchman missing every match this season so far with a knee injury. There had been suggestions that Juventus would tear up his contract as a result but transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has quashed this speculation by stating the club are not even exploring the possibility. The priority is to help Pogba return to fitness so he can play some part in the current campaign. READ MORE: Arsenal can get Mudryk revenge with star Chelsea once valued at £100m The club’s view is in line with the player himself with Tuttosport reporting that Pogba has no intention of leaving even if they do not have European football next year. Juventus have been in turmoil on and off the field this season and currently languish in 13th in the Serie A after receiving a 15-point penalty for alleged financial wrongdoing. It appears highly unlikely that the club will recover enough points to get themselves into the European places, meaning a year watching the biggest competitions on the continent could be on the way. Pogba had been set to return to try and help his side in their difficult task but suffered a setback - something which was bemoaned by his manager Massimiliano Allegri. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning “Sorry because we thought we had Paul at our disposal and instead it is not so,” he said. “Unfortunately, these are things that happen when a player has been idle for six months, almost nine. It takes a little patience, he is working well to try to get back as soon as possible, but this moment is not possible.” It remains to be seen how long it will take for Pogba to return to match action but it looks increasingly clear whether he will remain at Juventus in the long-term.