Republican sentiment in Australia is on the rise, with a royal historian predicting that the leading Commonwealth nation will formally sever ties from the Royal Family "in her lifetime". The situation heightened on Thursday when Australia's central bank revealed King Charles will not be featured on the country's new five-dollar bill. The note was the only one to feature the British monarch. The decision to have an indigenous design instead of King Charles III is a worrying sign for the British monarchy as the country debates to what extent it should retain its constitutional ties to Britain. Australian culture historian Dr Cindy McCreery has offered a temporary solution and suggested a high-profile royal tour could be just what the country needs. She told Express.co.uk: "I do think that some visits by senior royals like the King and Queen or the heir to the throne, would help." Dr McCreery, an associate professor at the University of Sydney, added that visits by senior members of the Royal Family "certainly help", adding: "It does help promote the relationship." But she fears that many Australians consider that they are not a priority for the British Royal Family and that is unlikely to ever change. "I don't know that we are really a priority," the historian said. "And I think that's what Australians are kind of waking up to... that there's so much else that the King is focusing on." With Australia's large population located on the other side of the world, the country just isn't viewed as an immediate priority and people realise that, she said. READ MORE: King Charles won't appear on new Australian banknote Buckingham Palace has not yet released any details of upcoming royal tours for the King and Queen Consort. Though last month French Government sources revealed that the couple's first state visit abroad will be to Paris at the end of March. The Palace have yet to officially announce this. The Princess Royal will visit New Zealand this month, the country's Prime Minister Chris Hipkins announced on Thursday. “Princess Anne is travelling to Aotearoa at the request of the NZ Army’s Royal New Zealand Corps of Signals, of which she is Colonel in Chief, to attend its 100th Anniversary celebrations at Linton Military Camp in Palmerston North,” Mr Hipkins said. Her Royal Highness will be accompanied by her husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence.    Charles last toured Australia in April 2018, when he was the Prince of Wales. He visited the cities of Brisbane and Cairns as well as Vanuatu and Darwin, Northern Territory. During the tour, he opened the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games on behalf of The Queen.  