1000lb Sisters returned to TLC on Tuesday and the family had a lot to celebrate. As well as the birth of Amy Slaton’s son, Glenn, Tammy Slaton received some good news. Viewers took to social media after being moved to tears by Tammy’s weight loss surgery approval.  Throughout the reality series, Tammy has opened up about her weight loss battles and desire to gain control of her health. After a near-death experience, the 36-year-old decided to take her weight loss journey seriously and entered rehab for round-the-clock support. As she was able to reach her weight loss goal, Tammy was apprehensive as she awaited her doctor’s approval for the life-saving surgery. After a rough ride to the hospital, she was concerned her health problems would hinder her chance of approval. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error  Speaking to her siblings, Chris Combs, Misty Slaton and Amanda Haltermann, Tammy questioned: “Am I healthy enough? “Like my lungs, that’s what I’m worried about.” Tammy shared her hopes and stated: “After years of struggling with everything life has thrown at me, I hope I’ve finally made enough progress where all my doctors agree I can have surgery.” Amanda encouraged her sister to “keep positive,” and assured her: "We’ll be right here with you.”     Dr Smith informed Tammy, as she had a pulmonary embolism in the past, she would have to stay on blood thinners after the surgery. However, the real risk was with her heart as she had a 39 percent chance of a pulmonary incident. Despite this, her doctor weighed up the risks and finally approved Tammy for weight loss surgery. Emotional viewers rushed to Twitter to share their reactions of glee and tears with other fans. DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [REACTION]1000lb Sisters’ Amy and Tammy ‘fighting for more money’ [INSIGHT]My 600lb Life's Brandon Scott unrecognisable after major weight loss [INSIGHT]  @chimereantenea tweeted: “Watching 1k lb sisters.....so happy in the progress Tammy has made & her getting approved for weight loss surgery!” An emotional @veelaxo_ added: “Not me crying bc Tammy met her goal weight.” A proud @caramellehoney shared: “Congrats, Tammy on achieving the weight goal to get surgery!” @realityroni wrote: “Congrats, Tammy. I can't believe she overcame her mental block to move forward.”  A fifth viewer @thatgirlmonaca_ stated: “I'm big proud of Tammy!! my girl really came a long way. I cursed her out so many times looking at tv. she finally got it together.”(sic) OPLive_OPNation remarked: “She’s approved for surgery!! That inpatient program really was what Tammy needed.” Dr Smith referred Tammy to therapy in order to ensure she doesn’t fall back into old ways and ruin her progress. However, Chris was certain she had dealt with her demons and had faith in his sister.  1000lb Sisters continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. 