Kate, Princess of Wales was photographed arriving at the Cardiff Stadium with Prince William to watch the Wales vs England rugby match. For the occasion, the royal recycled her chic Catherine Walker coat.  The Princess of Wales looked beautiful in a red and white tweed coat and black ankle boots. Kate seemed the be wearing a black turtleneck dress underneath which she combined with black tights. The royal famously wore this same coat in 2018 during an official tour of Sweden and Norway when she was pregnant with Prince Louis. For accessories, Kate donned a white mini handbag, black gloves and a pair of delicate diamond drop earrings. READ MORE: Meghan uses ‘bold gesture’ to show world Harry is hers’ - claim  Kate is patron of the Rugby Football Union (RFU) and Rugby Football League (RFL) while Prince William is patron of the Welsh Rugby Union. Before the match, the couple met injured players who are supported by the Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust. Kate and William also opened the Sir Tasker Watkins Suite ahead of the Six Nations match at Principality Stadium. The pair were later spotted talking to Gerald Davies, President of the Welsh Rugby Union, during the rugby match in Cardiff.  Royal fans took to social media to praise Kate's outfit with social media user @kate_middletonwardrobe saying: "How stunning!" On Instagram, user @royalwomenofeurope said: "Omg she is wearing that coat finally again!!!" and royal fan @life.of.a.future.queen added: "I've been dreaming of this for years!" Royal watcher @nancytrautman commented: "She looks beautiful in both. I wish she was rewearing because a new little Wales was coming but I doubt that will happen." READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert "Glad to see this coat again; I love it," said Instagram user @goosegirlenfys and another one, @iraomanu, simply commented: "Elegant!" Royal fan @talesofthewales agreed saying: "Love the styling" and @riddyonly1 added: "That is one gorgeous Princess!" Social media user @wallara19 opined that the Princess of Wales is "always elegant and beautiful". User @sierensmarc agreed: "Princess Catherine looks beautiful, always stylish and elegant - a gorgeous lady!" Prince William took over the role of patron of the Welsh Rugby Union and the Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust from Queen Elizabeth in 2016. Kate was named patron of England's Rugby Football League and the Rugby Football Union in 2022 after she took over the role from Prince Harry. The Duke of Sussex was stripped of his patronages after he and Meghan Markle stepped down from royal duties. The late Queen Elizabeth then handed Kate the royal patronages and the Palace said that the sporting appointments "closely align with Her Royal Highness' long-standing passion for sport and the lifelong benefits it can provide".