King Charles will continue to support Prince Andrew in spite of claims he will be "evicted" from his Windsor home, according to royal sources, who say the Duke will not be left "homeless or penniless". Andrew currently resides at the £30million Royal Lodge on the Windsor Castle estate, however he has reportedly said that by September he will no longer be able to afford the upkeep. Andrew receives a £249,000 annual grant towards his living costs, however from April the King is planning to slash this as part of his plans for a slimmed-down monarchy. Charles has told non-working royals to "tighten their belts" as he reviews how the £652million Duchy of Lancaster fund, also known as the Privy Purse, is spent. The Duke's only other annual income is a small Navy pension, with one friend saying: "It feels as though his brother wishes to evict him." Since stepping down as a working royal Andrew has no longer been given public money and was supported by the late Queen with money from the Privy Purse.  However royal sources have now said that Andrew will still be supported by his brother, as one told the Daily Mail claims of "eviction" are based on "fears, not full facts". One insider told the Daily Telegraph: "The King is not going to leave his brother homeless or penniless." Charles will not leave his brother without a home, however he is thought to want Andrew to pay for more using his own money. The Duke will instead have a reduced income, a guaranteed home and private security costing around £3million a year, after his Scotland Yard protection officers were axed by the Home Office. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'like woke dictators' after new report on legal move Andrew also received a large inheritance from the Queen and Prince Philip. In 2003 Andrew signed a 75-year lease for Roya Lodge for a one-off payment of £1million, which requires him to pay for its upkeep. The 30 room property is in need of repairs, with over £7.5 million already spent on renovations so far. DON'T MISS:King Charles suffers blow as Adele 'turns down' Coronation [LATEST]Sarah Ferguson's London home comes with 'restriction' – report [REPORT]Prince Andrew on brink as Charles tipped to slash grant in weeks [SPOTLIGHT] The Grade II listed building is set in 98 acres of land and also boasts a swimming pool and a private chapel. Andrew still lives in the Lodge with his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, in spite of their divorce in 1996. While married they lived at Sunninghill Park in Berkshire, a gift from the Queen, but Andrew sold it to a Kazakh billionaire  for £15million. The Duchess of York moved into Royal Lodge in 2008 but she also maintains a £5million townhouse in London.