An entrepreneur has revealed that he is now “fighting off” the same women who never gave him the time of day when he was a digger driver. Alex Bakita hated high school and worked numerous menial jobs including in hotels and on construction sites for “pitiful wages” after he graduated. While he was muscular and sporty, the 24-year-old said that many girls he knew during his formative years “turned their noses” up at him because they assumed he would end up working a dead-end job unable to support a family. Alex, who lives in Utah, said their predictions appeared to have come true when he ended up working as a digger driver for £8 an hour. But, he revealed that this “all changed” in 2018 when he dipped his toes into the world of ecommerce and went on to make a £3.5million fortune. He said: “I started making some good money - within the first year I turned £85,000 profit and started shouting about it on social media. “All of a sudden I get all the hot girls from high school hitting me up - asking me questions like ‘when am I free?’ “At first I was flattered because they never gave me the time of day at school or when I was a bell boy “But I pretty quickly realised they were only reaching out because they saw I was doing well for myself. “It wasn’t genuine because they were never interested when I was a bell boy on pitiful wages. “While I can’t say I don’t like the attention - I mean who doesn’t like fighting off hot women? “But I am only interested in someone who wants me for me, not a golddigger who is primarily interested in what’s in my bank account.” Alex never got on with education but was convinced to go to college by his parents after scraping through high school to graduate with a GPA of 1.8. He enrolled Utah Tech University but dropped out after two weeks. With few qualifications or experience he took whatever job he could and was soon working as a bellboy and digger driver for just £8-an-hour. Earning very little despite working extremely hard for long hours left Alex “extremely dissatisfied” and angry at his situation so he began looking for ways to improve his lot. This is where his entrepreneurial ethos kicked in, and he soon began branching out into ecommerce. Over the next four years he built up his business and was able to quit his job to work full-time on it. While this financial freedom has allowed him to buy the car lovers vehicles including a £131,000 Audi R8. “I was beyond hungry and never wanted to have to work for anyone else again,” he said. “My success has opened up a new world for me but it has also created lots more problems. “I am far more sceptical of people’s motivations now - especially if I have met them since making money. “That might sound paranoid but it is just a fact I have to deal with. I want to be able to settle down and have a loving family life, but unfortunately I need to know that whoever I am with is with me for the right reasons. “In a way being a bell boy makes that easier because there is no way they’d be with me for my money. “My money has complicated that and while it has brought me a lot of great things - it has complicated others.”