With the series coming to a close for good, viewers are keen to know more about actor James Norton whose portrayal of the villain has made for compulsive viewing. The 37-year-old actor found fame on Happy Valley after his turn as the violent Tommy Lee Royce served as his breakout role on the BBC show back in 2014. Here’s the lowdown on Norton’s career and his net worth. There are varying figures suggesting how much Norton is worth with Idol Net Worth putting his wealth at an estimated £4.9million ($6million). The site All Famous Birthday has his net worth at an estimated £4.1million ($5million), while Celebrity Net Worth suggests the figure is closer to an estimated £827,000 ($1million). As mentioned, Norton’s big breakthrough was Happy Valley and his performance earned him a BAFTA TV nod in 2015. Prior to this, he was relatively unknown with small roles in An Education, Inspector George Gently, Doctor Who and Blandings, which would have started to build on his net worth. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie But Happy Valley brought him fame and many roles including ITV’s Grantchester in which he took on a lead as crime-solving clergyman Sidney Chambers opposite Robson Green. Norton was part of Grantchester for four seasons between 2014 and 2019. Given TV actors are paid per episode, Norton would have earned a significant amount for the 21 episodes he appeared in Grantchester as the main character, no less. In between starring in the ITV crime drama, Norton would also take on other parts including BBC drama McMafia, Black Mirror, War and Peace, Lady Chatterley’s Lover and Life in Squares. After departing from Grantchester, Norton featured in Little Women, The Trial of Christine Keeler, Nowhere Special and Rogue Agent. Again all of these projects coupled with his theatre work would have added to his net worth as well as raising his profile further. Most recently, he appeared in two seasons of HBO’s The Nevers and featured in 12 episodes of the show. Although The Nevers was recently canned by the American Network, HBO is known to produce high quality productions with big budgets. Therefore, his salary for The Nevers may have again significantly boosted the star’s wealth. With Happy Valley coming to an end, the actor has returned to prominence again with his star status soaring. His final turn is likely to win him accolades and further recognition with contribute to a wealth increase. Norton will next be appearing in an untitled Bob Marley Biopic as well as Men of Divorce which is in post-production and Heart of Darkness which is in pre-production. DON'T MISS...BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up [UPDATE]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [VIDEO]BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah [VIEWER REACTION] Speaking about the impact of Happy Valley on his career and life, Norton previously said the series “changed everything”. The star said: “It was the first time I had been part of that kind of conversation [about a show] where lots of people in the country were talking about it.” He went on to say how it was a “massive deal” because he was able to break away from his more nice guy image to play a character so opposite to himself and “completely different”. Norton commented on how people still referred to Happy Valley to this day, adding: “I owe everything to it and I love it.” Happy Valley concludes on BBC One tonight at 9pm