The family of a 16-year-old Cheshire teenager have paid tribute to the "beautiful and brave" youngester after she was stabbed to death on Saturday. Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after transgender teen Brianna Ghey was in what has been described as a ’targeted attack’ by the authorities. However, police have stressed there is no evidence so far to indicate the 16-year-old was the victim of a hate crime - although they have not ruled it out either. A boy and girl, both aged 15, have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a transgender teenager was stabbed to death in a busy park on Saturday afternoon. Brianna, from Birchwood, was found injured in the park in Culcheth, close to Warrington. Paramedics were called but Brianna was pronounced dead at the scene. A statement issued by Brianna's family via Cheshire Police said: "She was a larger than life character who would leave a lasting impression on all that met her,. "Brianna was beautiful, witty and hilarious. "Brianna was strong, fearless and one of a kind. "The loss of her young life has left a massive hole in our family, and we know that the teachers and her friends who were involved in her life will feel the same." The statement added: ""We would like to thank everyone for their kind words and support during this extremely difficult time. "We would like to thank the police for their support, and witnesses for helping with the investigation."The continuation of respect for privacy is greatly appreciated." Cheshire police said emergency services had been called to Linear Park by members of the public at 3.13pm after Brianna’s body was found on a path. Both 15-year-olds are in custody assisting police with their investigation. Detective Chief Superintendent Mike Evans said: “A number of enquiries in relation to this incident are underway and we are doing all that we can to establish the exact circumstances of what has happened. “At this time, there is no evidence to suggest that the circumstances surrounding Brianna’s death are hate related. He continued: “Patrols have been stepped up in the local area and officers will remain in the Culcheth area to provide reassurance and address any concerns that residents may have. “I would ask anyone who has any information, no matter how big or small, that they believe could help with our investigation to get in touch. “We are also keen for people and businesses within the local community to check any CCTV or dashcam footage for anything that may aid our investigation.” Brianna is understood to have been born Brett but has been living as a girl for a number of months, with Cheshire Police telling Express.co.uk: “We can confirm she was a trans girl.” Emma Fortune, who works in an optician’s, told the Daily Mail she first met Brianna and her mother last year. She added: “Brianna looked gorgeous with her hair down and her make-up. Her little face lit up when I told her how beautiful she looked. “When I found out she’d been killed, it was awful. I was so upset. Her mum will be devastated.” Charlotte Nichols, Labour MP for Warrington North, urged witnesses and anyone with CCTV or dashcam footage to come forward. She tweeted: “My thoughts are with all those who knew and loved Brianna, following yesterday's tragic news. “Please avoid online speculation and, if you have any information that could help the police, come forward.” Twitter users were posting about the tragedy using the hashtag #JusticeForBriannaGhey