Pruning is an excellent method of preventative maintenance for both young and established plants. The aim of it is to remove any dead, dying or diseased stubs or branches to ensure strong healthy growth. During the winter, most woody plants are dormant, as are the many diseases and insects that can potentially invade pruning cuts. Therefore, pruning when the weather is cold prevents your freshly pruned trees and shrubs from getting infected. Sharing advice in his latest blog post, Monty Don shared top tips when it comes to pruning certain plants. The gardening pro wrote: “Pruning should be completed whether for roses, fruit trees or remedial pruning of outgrown hedges or shrubs. There are a number of pruning jobs that can be done in February if you live in the south of the UK but which can keep perfectly well into March if you live further north or you simply do not have time.” When it comes to pruning Monty advised that gardeners should “always” use really sharp tools. He explained: “Not only does it make life much easier but it also makes for much cleaner cuts and therefore causes less damage to the plant. Sharp tools are also much safer.” Still on the topic of tools, the expert recommended “always” using a tool that is capable of pruning your desired plant. When pruning it is also advised to “always cut back something”. Monty urged: “Do not snip at random but make your cut just above a bud or a leaf or the joint of another stem.” Once a plant has been pruned “never” paint over the pruning wounds, as the gardening expert warned that this seals in potential diseases. Instead he advised gardeners to leave them to scar over naturally. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ 1. Roses While there is a lot of mystery about pruning roses, Monty explained that the reality is that they are all tough shrubs that “can take a mauling by anything” from secateurs to a flail cutter and bounce back. However there are “three considerations to bear in mind” when pruning roses. Hybrid teas, floribunda and hybrid perpetuals. The expert said: “These flower on the current season’s wood so they should be pruned hard each spring, removing all weak, damaged or crossing stems first and then pruning the remaining stems to form an open bowl of stubby branches. Don’t worry too much about outward sloping cuts but do always cut just above a bud. remember to cut the weakest growth hardest.” Shrub roses According to Monty, these need “very little pruning” and a once-over with a hedge trimmer has proven to be “very effective”. He said: “I prune mine in winter and early spring by removing exceptionally long growth, damaged or crossing branches and then leave alone. There is a strong case for doing this in late summer or early autumn.” Climbing roses This can be subdivided into two groups. The first being true climbers, which tend to have single, large flowers covering the period from early summer right into autumn. DON'T MISS‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ [EXPERT]5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [INSIGHT]Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [COMMENT] Monty advised: “These should be pruned in autumn or winter, trying to maintain a framework of long stems trained laterally with side branches breaking from them. These side branches will carry the flowers on new growth produced in spring. Ideally a third of the plant is removed each year - the oldest, woodiest stems -so that it is constantly renewing itself.” The second group are ramblers which have clusters of smaller flowers just once in mid summer. The expert said: “These need little pruning but should be trained and trimmed immediately after flowering as the flowers are carried mostly on stems grown in late summer.” 2. Clematis Monty shared that late flowering clematis can all be pruned hard from the middle of the month of February. However, when pruning clematis there is “one really important consideration”, which is when does it flower? The expert said: “The old rhyme ‘if it flowers before June do not prune’ will get you out of most trouble but clematis can be subdivided into three flowering groups.” READ MORE: 5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how Group one: Early flowering (up to late May) This group includes montana, clematis alpina, clematis armandii and clematis macropetala. These tend to have many small flowers which are produced on growth made the previous summer. Monty said: “So if you prune now you will be cutting off all flower buds. You will not harm the plant but will radically reduce the quantity of flowers. Trim as necessary (ie to shape and size) in June. Garden shears are often the best tool for this.” Group two: Mid season flowering (late May to early July) These tend to have “much less vigorous growth and much larger flowers”. Monty said: “They include ‘Niobe’, ‘Barbara Jackman’, Nelly Moser’, The President and H.F. Young’. These often flower twice, first on growth produced the previous year and again on new growth. The second flush is always of smaller flowers. “If you prune hard at this time of year you will not have any early, large flowers but plenty in late summer. The best bet is to remove all weak or straggly stems now as well as all growth above the top pair of healthy buds.” Group three: Late flowering (after mid June) This group includes clematis jackmanii, clematis viticella, "Gypsy Queen", "Hagley Hybrid", "Perle d’Azur" and "Ville de Lyon", all of which are multi-stemmed. Monty said: “They all flower on growth made in spring so all the previous year’s growth should be cleared away now. I always cut down to about two feet from the ground, leaving at least two healthy pairs of buds.” 3. Buddleias For gardeners who live in the south or a sheltered area, February is “the best time to prune the butterfly bush”, buddleia davidii, and it can be done any time in the coming month in colder areas. It produces its flowers on new growth so if it is cut back hard now, just before it begins growing, you will both stimulate extra new shoots and make sure that the shrub has as high a proportion of flower to wood as possible. If the plant is growing in the open it can be cut back very hard, leaving just two or three sets of new shoots from the base. However, if it is growing in a border it is better to cut back to two or three feet from the ground so that the new growth does not have to compete with surrounding herbaceous plants for light and air, claimed Monty. He added: “If you cut the pruned stems into short lengths they can be placed as a bundle in a corner to make excellent cover for insects and small mammals and thus add to the wildlife in your garden.”