Russian President Vladimir Putin has spoken at a rally of thousands of Russian, a day after he made a chilling threat about a "global war". Pro-war Russians were seen waving flags and banners at the rally in the Luzhniki Stadium, Moscow, a year after the invasion of Ukraine. In the centre of the stadium, which holds 75,000, speakers dressed in military uniforms emblazoned with the 'Z' insignia associated with the Russian armed forces addressed the crowds. Musicians and dancers have also taken to the stage to woo the crowds that have travelled to watch their President's landmark address. But organisers were forced to pay attendees £5 and promise them hot food in a desperate attempt to fill out the stadium. One government department was also said to have forced the majority of its workers to attend.  Putin told the crowds: "I have just heard from the highest military commander for our country... there is a fight going... for our people." He said his troops "are supported by the whole country" and that the crowds are "defenders of the motherland". "All of you here who have come here to support our soliders, thank you!" The Russian president thanked "children who are writing their letters to support the military." He said Russian troops were fighting for "our interests, our people, language, culture and territory". "Everyone, all of our people are defenders of the motherland and we thank them from then bottom of our hearts", he added. Putin then led the crowds in calls of "Russia! Russia! Russia!"  Wang Yi said the countries will reach a “new consensus" on advancing their relationship.  Valerie Hopkins, New York Times Russian Correspondent, tweeted: "After a song sung by children, the emcees invited a group of children onstage they said had been saved from Mariupol by soldier Yuri Gagarin, who they said “saved” more than 360 children from Mariupol. “Don’t be shy,” one emcee said. “Hug him!”" Defender of the Fatherland Day, which takes place on 23 February, is believed to date back to 1919, a year after the first mass draft into the Red Army.  Despite the capacity of the seated stadium only being 75,000, "organisers" claimed "200K" were in standing attendance, according to Ms Hopkins. Russian reporter Jonny Tickle tweeted that a "big billboard in the centre of Moscow" was displaying "a Russian soldier with a gun and a kids' toy" to mark the event.  Meanwhile, Joe Biden renewed the United States's commitment to defending its Eastern European allies in the event of an attack by Russia. Meeting with leaders in Poland, Biden said Article 5 of the NATO Treaty is a "sacred commitment". He reiterated the US and its allies will "defend every inch of NATO" territory as he warned "freedom" is at stake rather than just Ukraine. Article 5 of the Treaty states that "an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all.” The Bucharest Nine, or B9 group, is made up of the leaders of Eastern European nations concerned about Russia's growing hostility following the annexation of Crimea in 2014. 