A Sir Tom Jones hit has been removed from a rugby stadium's choir playlist. Delilah, a song about a jealous lover stabbing his unfaithful partner, has become a Welsh rugby anthem. However, the 1968 track will no longer be played at the Principality Stadium or sung by choirs. The announcement comes after a damning week that saw the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) receive criticism amid allegations of a "toxic" culture and misogyny, reports Wales Online. A Principality Stadium spokesperson said: "Delilah will not feature on the playlist for choirs for rugby internationals at Principality Stadium. "The WRU removed the song from its half-time entertainment and music playlist during international matches in 2015. "Guest choirs have also more recently been requested not to feature the song during their pre-match performances and throughout games. "The WRU condemns domestic violence of any kind. "We have previously sought advice from subject matter experts on the issue of censoring the song and we are respectfully aware that it is problematic and upsetting to some supporters because of its subject matter." Calls had previously been made to consider rugby’s relationship with the song. In 2014, Dafydd Iwan – who has left his own mark on the game’s musical heritage with the stirring Yma O Hyd – said it was "a song about murder and it does tend to trivialise the idea of murdering a woman. "It’s a pity these words now have been elevated to the status of a secondary national anthem." Rhondda MP Chris Bryant added to the chorus of disapproval in 2016. "It is a simple fact that when there are big international rugby matches on, and sometimes football matches as well, the number of domestic violence incidents rises dramatically," he said. "I know that some people will say, 'Oh, here we go, he’s a terrible spoilsport,' but the truth is that that song is about the murder of a prostitute." Warren Gatland's Wales side host Ireland and England in Cardiff this year, and travel away to Scotland, Italy and France. The Six Nations begins in Cardiff on Saturday. Hundreds of people flocked to Wales Online's comments to give their take on the banning of the song. One person wrote: "They will ban the Welsh National Anthem next. "I’m Welsh but unfortunately don’t speak the lingo so the WRU will probably decide on my behalf that I’m too delicate to hear it sung as it will alienate me." "Complete woke madness, as usual," said another. A third person honed in on the "woke" angle, saying: "This is going way to far. Utter nonsense, it's tradition for Welsh fans to sing Delilah. More WOKE madness. Sing on ..." "OMG, World has gone mad," wrote another. Meanwhile, on Facebook, one person said that banning the song will have the opposite effect: "Good luck with that. Now they've said not to sing it it will be sung even more and louder". Another echoed the same view: "Good luck with stopping that.. Just because it's not played doesn't mean it won't be sung". "Come on everybody sing like there's no tomorrow. It's our right to sing we are Welsh and proud and nobody will stop us," said a Welsh fan. Even non-rugby fans have been weighing in on the news, with one user writing: "I don't watch rugby but even I can figure out this is going to be the loudest rendition EVER heard... shame on WRU". "Cancel culture at its finest. Shall we all go on strike?" one person joked.