The importance of eating breakfast has gone unquestioned for decades. While there’s conflicting advice on when you should have your first meal, experts agree that you ought to start on a healthy note. Worryingly, one healthy food could cause more harm than good when eaten on an empty stomach. Whether you eat yours quickly on a workday morning before rushing out of the door or just grab the fruit for a breakfast on the go, bananas might seem like a healthy way to start your day. Packed with minerals, vitamins and fibre, the yellow fruit offers some compelling health benefits. However, eating it on an empty stomach can disrupt your acid-base balance and trigger more problems. Nataly Komova, RD and fitness expert at JustCBD, said: “Bananas are an important source of magnesium and potassium. READ MORE: Smell that? Seven warning signs that can help uncover 'difficult to spot' bed bugs “These minerals have a bevy of health benefits, but taking them on an empty stomach the first thing in the morning can break your health. “When potassium and magnesium land on an empty stomach after hours of fasting, disruption in your blood’s acid-base balance is likely.” April Jamison, nutritionist and founder of Brew That Coffee, explained that the popular fruit can lead to a temporary increase in your blood’s alkalinity. “This can trigger a compensatory response in the body, resulting in the release of acid-buffering compounds, such as bicarbonate, to restore the blood's acid-base balance,” the nutritionist said.  But if this compensatory response fails, the disruption in your acid-base balance can trigger conditions known as acidosis and alkalosis. Komova said: “Acidosis is caused by too much acid in the blood, which makes the blood pH levels drop below 7.35. “Alkalosis occurs when there is an excessive build-up of bases in the body, making the blood pH levels rise above 7.45.” Acidosis can spur on symptoms like shortness of breath, fatigue, and confusion, while alkalosis can trigger nausea, dizziness, and muscle twitching. READ MORE: 'I was in complete shock': Bowel cancer patient wasn't too concerned with his symptoms Jamison said: “If you experience any of the symptoms listed above, it may be worth visiting a healthcare provider for a blood test to determine your blood's acid-base balance. “The most important step is to take action to restore your blood's acid-base balance. “This can be achieved through dietary modifications, such as reducing your intake of acidic foods and increasing your intake of alkaline foods.” High-acid foods include sugar, certain dairy products, processed foods, and lemons, while alkaline foods describe the likes of vegetables, nuts, and legumes. To avoid the risk of alkalosis and acidosis, Komova shared that you might want to “avoid” eating bananas for breakfast. However, if you’re a big fan of the fruit and insist on having it in the morning, you should pair them with other foods. Jamison said: “There are several options that can help to enhance the nutritional value of this meal. “For example, combining bananas with a source of protein, such as almond butter or Greek yoghurt, can help provide sustained energy throughout the morning. “Pairing bananas with high-fibre foods, such as oats or whole grain toast, can also help to regulate blood sugar levels and improve digestion.”