Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have faced mounting criticism since stepping down from duties two years ago. The pair have spoken out against the Royal Family as part of their multimillion-dollar deals with Netflix and Spotify. Political commentator Ben Shapiro has explained there is no "next step" for the Sussexes whose popularity is at an all-time low in the US. He told Piers Morgan Uncensored said: "I think the public reaction is heartening because they really are quite terrible. "I mean I'm watching this as an American and I have to say they're just the worst." The commentator added: "I don't think there's a next step here. "Once you actually destroy your source of value which is the inside view of the monarchy and you've already spilled that, what else is they to do? I think it's all ridicule at this point." READ MORE: Prince Andrew told US 'not dumping ground for royals' as he eyes move  It comes as a Redfield and Wilton survey conducted for Newsweek revealed that Prince Harry's net approval rating fell from -7 percent in January to -10 percent on February 19. Harry approval rating has dropped significantly by 48 points since December 5 where he had a positive score of 38 percent. Meanwhile, Meghan's rating fell by 23 percent since then after being at -13 percent in January. The Duchess has been "keeping her head down" following the bombshell release of Harry's controversial memoir in January. A source told Us Weekly: "Meghan has been keeping her head down in Montecito, taking care of the kids and working on projects that are coming up in the months ahead." They added that Meghan has been "happy to let Harry take centre stage". "He’s flying all over the place to promote Spare but most of the time he’s returning home to Montecito and not staying out of town very often because he wants to be with the kids." DON'T MISS Harry left royal journalists baffled after admitting he reads Heat mag [VIDEO]Meghan left 'feeling embarrassed' after more details of Harry's romp [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan didn't expect 'negative feedback' from memoir [ANALYSIS] It comes as Netflix announced the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's explosive recent series is its second-highest ranked documentary ever. Harry & Meghan began its release on December 8, in the lead-up to the publication of the duke's controversial memoir Spare, and saw damaging claims levelled at the royal family throughout six episodes. Netflix reported its fourth-quarter earnings on Thursday and disclosed a gain of 7.7 million subscribers during the October-December period, a stretch that included the debut of an ad-supported option for seven dollars (£5.65) per month. As defined by cumulative view hours in the first 28 days, it also reported on Wednesday as its third-most popular series ever, Glass Onion its fourth-most popular film and Harry & Meghan its second-most successful documentary series. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews