Qatar have already started to shift focus away from PSG and onto Manchester United, according to reports in France. It was confirmed on Friday that Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani had bid for the club. However, a takeover isn’t guaranteed with Sir Jim Ratcliffe also in the mix as well. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling United, in news that delighted many fans of the club. And Al Thani admitted he’d bid for the Red Devils, saying via his Nine Two foundation: “Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad al-Thani today confirmed his submission of a bid for 100 per cent of Manchester United. “The bid plans to return the club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and – above all – will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United once more. “The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the club supports. “The vision of the bid is for Manchester United to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “More details of the bid will be released, when appropriate, if and when the bid process develops.” Now, L’Equipe say Qatar’s focus has already shifted away from PSG and towards United. It’s said this ‘shift’ is good for manager Christophe Galtier, whose side have stuttered of late. PSG lost 1-0 to Bayern Munich in the Champions League in midweek, with their hopes of winning the competition hanging in the balance. And they also recently exited the Coupe de France, too. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit PSG affairs ‘aren’t the priority’ for Qatar, however, much to the relief of Galtier and his under-pressure side. While Al Thani has bid for United, however, the offer won’t go through Qatari Sports Investment. That group currently owns PSG but UEFA will need clarity, nonetheless, over there being two separate entities. Ratcliffe’s company INEOS, meanwhile, confirmed his own bid on Saturday. "Sir Jim Ratcliffe and INEOS have submitted a bid for majority ownership of Manchester United Football Club,” a statement read. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We would see our role as the long-term custodians of Manchester United on behalf of the fans and the wider community. "We are ambitious and highly competitive and would want to invest in Manchester United to make them the number one club in the world once again. “We also recognise that football governance in this country is at a crossroads. “We would want to help lead this next chapter, deepening the culture of English football by making the club a beacon for a modern, progressive, fan-centred approach to ownership. "We want a Manchester United anchored in its proud history and roots in the North-West of England, putting the Manchester back into Manchester United and clearly focusing on winning the Champions League." Back in November, the Glazers confirmed they were open to selling United with a statement that read: "The strength of Manchester United rests on the passion and loyalty of our global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers. “As we seek to continue building on the Club’s history of success, the Board has authorised a thorough evaluation of strategic alternatives. "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.”