Gareth Bale faced a persistent golf fan throughout the weekend at the Pebble Beach Pro-Am who sneakily tried to get him to sign his autograph on a Liverpool hat. Bale, who retired from professional football last month, was competing in the amateur competition with plenty of eyes on him. He caught the attention on day one after hitting a stunning shot from the cart path to within four feet of the hole. And his strong golf game was on show throughout the weekend as he competed in three rounds. The Welshman, playing with pro Joseph Bramlett, finished in joint-16th on 16-under. Bale played all 54 holes with a beaming smile across his face, regularly interacting with fans in between holes. Many were scrambling for Bale's signature with The Athletic pointing out the former Real Madrid superstar 'fulfilled every request'. That was almost true as the report adds Bale did refuse to sign one piece of memorabilia on his round.  Golf fan Danny Ordaz had already nabbed a picture with Bale, but he also wanted a signature and the only item the 27-year-old had on his person he could think of having signed was a hat emblazoned with the Liverpool logo. “I wanted him to sign it but I wasn’t sure if he would," Ordaz told The Athletic On Ordaz's first attempt, Bale 'walked away with both hands up' and grinned as he told the hopeful golf fan: "I'm not signing that, mate." The second attempt was even more sneaky as Ordaz attempted to cover up the logo before handing it over to Bale, who snubbed him again with a laugh. “He keeps trying. I’m not signing Liverpool," Bale joked. Ordaz saw the funny side of both rejections, adding: “I tried to hide the Liverpool but he remembered. But he was so cool about it. He’s great. Such a nice guy.”  He finally did get the autograph he was seeking with Ordaz handing over a Hydro Flask, which Bale 'spun in his hands' to investigate further, making sure there was no Liverpool emblem etched on the bottle. “He was making sure it didn’t have anything Liverpool all over it,” Ordaz said. “It was hilarious.” Bale clearly enjoyed his whole week at Pebble Beach while playing alongside PGA Tour pros. "I am a big golf fan and appreciate what these players do on the golf course. It is great to play with them, interact and watch what they do," Bale said. "Just watching him [Bramlett] strike a ball is just something else. The power, the touch. He has been incredible and he is an even better guy, which is more important. I couldn't have asked for a better partner."