Beauty fans are always on the look out for cheaper items that deliver the same great results as leading luxury brands. Superdrug shoppers claim to have found a face cream that tightens the skin and boosts collagen. Superdrug’s Optimum Collagen Night Face Cream is priced at £7.49 for shoppers with a membership card and £14.99 for those without. According to the product description, the cream “is specially formulated to deliver maximum hydration and to target the signs of ageing whilst you sleep”. It’s “formulated with a combination of a powerful peptide and minerals known to help skin to boost its own collagen production, and a mix of hydrating actives to help plump the skin for a firmer and youthful looking glow”. As for how well it works, the brand claims your skin will feel nourished “instantly” and after two weeks, “skin appears smoother and more radiant”. R READ MORE: Four hair mistakes that make women over 40 ‘look so much older’ After four weeks, “the appearance of ine lines and wrinkles are reduced and skin feels firmer”. These results are based on a self-assessment user trial by 117 people, and the cream has received a 4.5 out of five star rating. Several customers have also left reviews of their experiences and how well the product has worked for them. KalB was “very surprised” by the results. She explained: “I thought I would give this a go and have been using this collagen night cream for around two weeks now and I can definitely feel the difference in my skin. DON'T MISS...Chef shares ten foods that can be frozen to reduce food waste [LIST]Lidl, Aldi and Tesco recall popular foods [NEWS]Prince Harry was ‘dominant’ with Meghan in 2018 expert claims [PICTURES] “A little goes a long way, it's not a thick consistency nor is it too runny, I've noticed my skin feels alot plumper and very soft. “I would definitely recommend it. It works just as well & in a few cases better than some more expensive night creams which I have tried! For the price, as I brought it on offer it was definitely worth trying and I'm so glad I did!” Emma Louise said: “I bought this product three weeks ago! And was seeing changes about four days after using it! The eye cream just made my eyes feel full of life. Definately recommend.” Kara added: "I have tried a lot of 'expensive' creams and this product has been better than all of them. It leaves my skin feeling plump and hydrated, it's honestly like a miracle cream. Calms the skin if you're using retinol products.” READ MORE: Hairstylist on the best hair colours that create a 'younger look' Someone else explained their experience with the cream: “This cream is a miracle in a pot. After a few nights' use I noticed an marked improvement in my skin's hydration levels. “After a month my fine lines are barely noticeable, and some deep frown lines have actually disappeared. "People have asked me if I had Botox. (Certainly not!). I have never achieved results like this with any other product, expensive or otherwise.” The only negative customers have mentioned is the smell of the cream - with many likening it to vinegar. Janver said it “works well with older skin” but the “only thing” she didn’t like was “the smell”. Barbara also said the cream “makes her skin look younger” but she “doesn’t like the smell”. A third wrote: “Lovely night cream for my skin and at such a good price. The only thing I'm not keen on is the smell, but it does fade quickly.”