Novak Djokovic has been backed to win at least two Grand Slam titles for the season as Andy Murray’s former coach said the Serb had taken things to “another level”. Brad Gilbert explained how the world No 1 had been able to re-invent his game to compete with the likes of Carlos Alcaraz, leaving his Big Three rivalry behind.  Djokovic recently won a historic 10th Australian Open which also allowed him to tie Rafael Nadal’s men’s singles record of 22 Grand Slam titles. And a former pro-turned-pundit has now claimed that it’s set to be the 35-year-old against the rest of the field this season as be claimed Djokovic was only getting better with age. “I think that it is definitely going to be Djoker v everyone else this year,” Gilbert told Patrick McEnroe’s Holding Court podcast. The former coach of the likes of Murray, Andy Roddick and Andre Agassi also thought that the Aussie Open wouldn’t be the only Major the Serb won this year as he added: “If I had to set an over-under, I would say two-and-a-half Slams for him. He is getting better at 35.” Gilbert claimed that part of Djokovic’s dominance was his ability to keep adjusting his game to keep up with his rivals as the other players at the top of the game kept changing. “I think before, it was all about Rafa [Nadal] and Fed [Roger Federer] for him, they are measuring and making their improvements to them. The Big Three pushed each other,” he continued. JUST IN: Roger Federer was once called a tennis 'bad boy' who smashed rackets But with Federer retiring last year and Nadal struggling with multiple injuries over the last few months, the American retired pro thought that Djokovic had gone to a new level without his long-time rivals in the picture as he found himself facing younger guys in big matches after defeating Stefanos Tsitsipas to win the Australian Open. “But now, Djoker, I believe, has gone to another elevation where he is making these adjustments in his game to [face] [Tsitsipas and Alcaraz, to all the young players that are pushing him,” he explained, also claiming that it would help Djokovic stay on tour longer as he approached his 36th birthday in May. DON'T MISSMurray ex-coach has Nadal comeback advice with 18-year run threatenedTsitsipas split rumours with coach Mouratoglou denied - EXCLUSIVETennis star fights tears after helping injured opponent in horror fall  “That is probably in some sense going to add time to his game,” Gilbert said. While the 61-year-old thought Djokovic would be a cut above the rest this year, podcast host McEnroe admitted he could see some of the young Americans threatening his dominance at Wimbledon. “Wimbledon, you gotta think Fritz, he was there last year,” the former doubles world No 3 said. “You gotta think Shelton to be dangerous if he gets used to the bounce when you're playing on grass for the first time. Paul, I mean he's got a solid... he takes the ball early, could be good. But, I think Korda... I mean, to me, Korda is a guy like 'wow.’”