One of the top news stories on BBC Breakfast was reports John Cleese would be reprising his role as Basil Fawlty. However, host Sally Nugent wasn’t too impressed with the news as she claimed it was “of its time”. Jon Kay began: “I’m not if there’s a petition underway this morning on another TV story we’ve got. Some of you are a bit divided about this?” “Yes divided is one way to describe it,” Sally replied. “We’re talking about the return of one of Britain’s favourite sitcoms, Fawlty Towers, which is being revived after more than 40 years away.” Jon commented: “It’s still a classic but we’re not talking about repeating or reshowing old episodes. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending “John Cleese, the original star and co-creator, wants it to return with Basil Fawlty and his daughter Camilla, who will play his newly discovered daughter in the series.” Clearly not impressed, Sally added: “I’m not sure you know. “I just think when something is of its time and brilliant in that moment.. one of the things about Fawlty Towers is there’s not that many of them.” Jon remarked: “There’s two series and that’s been two series for 40 years but it’s coming back… somewhere to a channel near you in the next few years.” It’s reported American production company Castle Rock Entertainment will be backing the venture. Speaking of his plans to revive the series, John told The Sun: “When we first met, he offered an excellent first idea, and then Matt, my daughter Camilla, and I had one of the best creative sessions I can remember. “By dessert we had an overall concept so good that, a few days later, it won the approval of Rob and Michele Reiner." “Camilla and I look forward enormously to expanding it into a series.” DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan brands Fawlty Towers reboot a 'terrible idea' [LATEST]John Cleese set for Fawlty Towers reboot after 40 years off air [UPDATE]John Cleese mocked as he slams BBC snubbing Monty Python 'for decades' [INSIGHT] Rob Reiner, who is behind the production company, said of working with the star: “John Cleese is a comedy legend. Just the idea of working with him makes me laugh.” John has previously spoken about how he didn’t think it would be a good idea to make more episodes. Speaking on Fawlty Towers: Reopened in 2009, he said: “We just knew that if we made more, it wouldn’t be as good. “When you do something that is generally accepted as very good, how do you top it?” It’s expected there will be a bidding war between US and UK streaming services to launch the reboot. The likes of Netflix and Amazon will go head to head with ITV and BBC to have the rights to broadcast new episodes. Fawlty Towers is available to stream on BritBox now.