The sad truth is that fresh cut flowers don’t last forever. But to keep their blooms alive for longer there are certain things owners shouldn’t do when caring for them. Experts at Blooms By The Box have shared four care tips to avoid that will stop households from finding their fresh cut flowers dead. Advice seems to be circulating that an at home fridge is an exact replica of a professional and industrial floral cooler, however the experts noted that this is definitely not the case. They explained: “Refrigerators do not have the same humidity levels of a floral cooler and they are filled with foods that give off chemicals that can rot your flowers. Decaying or ripening fruits and vegetables can shorten the vase life of your flowers drastically.” Instead they recommended that it’s best to put flowers in a cool place out of direct sunlight and not somewhere directly in front of an air conditioner or heater either. The cooler the room is the better but using a fridge is not necessary. Florists will use a floral cooler to keep flowers in the exact state they are in (preserving arrangements), when receiving flowers ordered online customers want them to open and rehydrate. READ MORE: 5 common flowers that are a ‘definite no-no’ - ‘highly toxic’ to pets According to the pros, a common myth many believe is that the more fresh flowers are being handled the shorter their vase life will be. However, this is actually the opposite of the truth. The experts instructed: “When you receive your flowers you should take them out of the box as soon as you can. “Leaving them in the box until you need them will surely make for dead flowers. They have been out of water and need to be re-hydrated. “Cut the stems (about an inch above the end of the stem at a 45 degree angle under warm water, prep the buckets with clean, warm water and floral preservative then put the flowers in the water.” DON'T MISS5 ‘common' bedroom mistakes to ‘avoid’ a ‘cheap and tacky' aesthetic [EXPERT]Remove orange grout stains in ‘5 minutes’ with ‘effective’ spray [TIPS]‘Melt away’ tea cup stains with 4p cleaning item - ‘excellent results’ [COMMENT] Then let the flowers rehydrate for as long as they need - usually a day is fine, this includes the opening time. The florists claimed that using cold water to hydrate flowers is “the ultimate flower myth”. They said: “It is easy to think that cool water is refreshing but not when you are a thirsty fresh cut flower. “The water particles in cold water move slowly making it very difficult for the flowers to draw up water. READ MORE: Top four ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove mould and condensation “The faster moving particles in warm water allow the flowers to draw up water quickly and hydrate faster.” What’s more, flower stems that are plugged by bacteria or air will only be able to draw up warm water due to the faster moving particles that push through stem plugging. The experts added that households can avoid plugging by cutting flower stems under warm water. Some at-home flower remedies are fine to use, for example adding a small amount of lemonade to the water. However, the experts noted that problems start to occur when households add too much as they urged that “moderation is key”. They added: “Don’t go crazy throwing mixtures of ‘at home flower food’ recipes in the flowers. You can actually kill certain flowers that way. “Hydrangeas will die if you go putting too much sugar in the water. The best way to rehydrate your flowers is to use floral preservatives that give directions for proper water/food ratios. “It is important to rehydrate your flowers in the proper way. Some at home remedies are okay but if you put too much in the water you will kill the flowers.”