 Through his now-infamous description, King George VI hinted at the differences between his two daughters — Queen Elizabeth II and Princess Margaret. “Lilibet is my pride. Margaret is my joy,” the father once said, perhaps unconsciously pointing at his elder daughter’s sense of duty, and younger daughter’s tendency to lean into the fun side of life. Despite their differences, the sisters were known to share a close bond. However, a royal relative has claimed the late Queen often found Margaret’s “behaviour exasperating”.  Gyles Brandreth, author of Elizabeth: An Intimate Portrait, discussed the Queen’s bond with her sister in his book. He recalled speaking to their cousin, the late Margaret Rhodes, who said: “The Queen and Princess Margaret were such different people. Occasionally, she [Lilibet] was driven mad by her, but they were sisters.” Later, Ms Rhodes elaborated further on the sisters’ relationship: “The Queen was sometimes infuriated by Margaret, inevitably. She found her behaviour exasperating at times, of course she did. But Margaret was her sister and she loved her.” Mr Brandreth went on to list key differences between the two royals, referring back to their childhoods as young princesses; Margaret was “spoilt, outspoken, playful and flirtatious,” he wrote. “Lilibet was not.” He continued: “During the war years at Windsor, young Grenadier Guards officers would sometimes join the girls and their governesses for lunch or tea. Margaret would chatter away gaily. Lilibet was more restrained, more formal, more dignified.” READ MORE: King Charles set to relax his key Camilla rule to 'keep in contact' with Prince Harry  Elizabeth and Margaret were just four years apart in age and, despite their differences, were said to be extremely close as children. According to Reinaldo Herrera, a friend of the royals, the pair had “a love, friendship, and conspiracy that were impressive to behold”. He told Vanity Fair in 2016: “I never heard Princess Margaret refer to the Queen in public as anything but ‘The Queen’; in private she became ‘Lilibet’, her nickname since childhood, or, simply, ‘my sister’.” Following Elizabeth’s Coronation in 1952, she and Margaret were famously connected by a direct telephone line between their respective residences at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace, on which they were reported to talk and laugh with each other daily.  But while the young Queen was destined for a life of duty, Margaret had no such obligations. It was around this time that tensions began to develop, exacerbated by the younger Princess’ romance with Captain Peter Townsend, a divorced courtier 16 years her senior. Given Captain Townsend’s previous divorce, the couple were not permitted to marry in the Church of England, of which the Queen was the head. Margaret was therefore urged to wait until she turned 25 and no longer needed the monarch’s permission to wed. However, the pair still came up against obstacles within the monarchy and faced intense scrutiny from the media.  Consequently, the Princess released a statement confirming that her engagement had been broken and the pair had decided not to marry. Margaret and Elizabeth’s relationship was undoubtedly put under considerable strain amid the bureaucracy and attention surrounding the Princess and Peter’s liaison. According to biographer Andrew Morton, while the sisters often “butted heads”, they shared a “primal bond”. Writing in his book Elizabeth and Margaret: The Intimate World of the Windsor Sisters, he explained: “Margaret was her sister's alter ego. Throughout their lives, Elizabeth and Margaret butted heads — the sensible, older sister matched with the mischievous, wilful little sister.” The final two decades of Margaret’s life were marked by ill health, having suffered three strokes between 1998 and 2001. She died on this day — February 9, 2002 — 21 years ago, after her fourth and final stroke at the age of 71.  Her funeral was held six days later, on February 15, and the usually stoic Queen revealed emotions rarely shown in public for her “beloved” sister. Mr Herrera wrote: “I think it was the only time anyone ever saw the Queen show her emotions in public. Never explaining anything to the world—what she feels, or why she does what she does—is part of her greatness. “But for a few minutes that day, as she stood by the steps of St. George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle, watching her sister’s coffin being borne away, her eyes betrayed her.” In September 2022, just over 20 years after Margaret’s death, Queen Elizabeth was laid to rest in St George’s Chapel, specifically the King George VI Memorial Chapel —  the final resting place of the late monarch’s father, mother and sister. Elizabeth: An Intimate Portrait was written by Gyles Brandreth and published by Penguin Books in December 2022. It is available here.