Damian Oliver, footballer turned adult entertainment star, has detailed his experience in the profession, insisting it's not to be as desired as it is. He has provided the gruesome details of his first shoot after giving up his sporting dream to start four years ago. Oliver was previously a Crystal Palace academy player who worked as a painter and decorator on the side. But he moved into the profession part-time to earn more cash before becoming a full-time porn star after meeting fellow porn star and now-partner Sophie Anderson, one of the 'C**k Destroyers'. Oliver recently opened up on his decision to quit football for porn, admitting that he could've earned more money in sport and that the adult entertainment industry isn't as glamorous as many think. He told the 'Anything Goes with James English' podcast: "When I was at Crystal Palace, if I'd have stayed with them, then I could have been earning a lot more playing football. "I used to fight as well. Maybe that could have gone somewhere. I was good at both of those things, but being a porn star, I thought that would be just as good. But it's not as good as people think." JUST IN: Mason Mount's thoughts on chucking away Chelsea legacy to join Man Utd  Like footballers show promise in their early years, Oliver claims he carried the same potential in the bedroom, growing a reputation among his friends. It contributed to his decision to walk away from the pitch... "People used to say to me, 'you're doing it all anyway' because they knew I used to sleep with girls. I was a player," Oliver explained. "And they said, 'you might as well get paid for it.' But it wasn't until I had the confidence to actually do it [that I realised] it was a whole different ball game." Oliver also detailed the unforgettable experience of his first shoot, a sweaty six-hour session that only earned him £150. DON'T MISS Arsenal boss Arteta gives injury update on three players for VillaKevin De Bruyne shares his true thoughts on Mikel Arteta after shoveFootball news LIVE - Man Utd takeover bids due, Saka title message He said: "That was terrifying, being on my first set. The camera guy there was a big bald Irishman. He was quite scary. I've got to get my d**k out in front of him and start f**king. "It was like laminate flooring, and I was butt-naked and sweating, and I was slipping in my own sweat. "We had to keep cutting, I had her bent over the sofa, but I kept slipping all across the floor. They had to keep wiping the floor down. I was just a dripping mess." Well... there you have it. If you were considering a rogue career change, this might have made you think again...