This morning the stylish Spanish Queen Letizia stepped out this morning wearing a navy pantsuit from the Inés Martín Alcalde Collection, priced at €420 (around £371). She paired this with a beautiful symbolic accessory. Letizia's pantsuit featured a smart, fitted blazer with dramatic shoulders and straight-leg ankle-length trousers. The wide, structured shoulders of the blazer coupled with a tightly belted waist accentuated the royal's slim figure. The blazer also had a plunging neckline, unveiling the very top of a black or navy vest. Letizia added a pop of colour with some glamorous burgundy accessories. This romantic colour gave a little nod to Valentine's Day - which is just around the corner. READ MORE: Meghan shared how women can look 'a million times better' in clothes It also added a touch of femininity to an otherwise rather androgynous looking suit. Letizia's burgundy accessories, a handbag and shoes, tied the ensemble together nicely. The Spanish Queen's bag was the ‘Lea’ Clutch by Magrit and her shoes were the 'Dalila’ Pumps by the same designer. As for jewellery Letizia went for simple yet sophisticated. She opted for her ‘Double Daga’ Earrings by Gold And Roses, priced at €2,655 (around £2,347). She also wore her Amor Che Tutto Move’ ring in 18K Yellow Gold Ring, priced at €1,075 (around £950). This phrase can be translated as "Love moves everything", which may be another nod to tomorrow's romantic festivities. The official website describes the ring as follows: "The first and iconic Coreterno jewellery collection is inspired by the enormous power that words have to create and build our reality. READ MORE: Queen Elizabeth II looked graceful even with coffee stain in cute pic  “Amor Che Tutto Move” (Love Moves Everything) is a quote inspired by the last line of Dante Alighieri’s greatest work “La Divina Commedia” (A.D 1320). "The inside message AS LONG AS I’M EXISTING YOU WILL BE LOVED is inspired by an ancient english ballad from the Middle Ages." Surprisingly, the Spanish Queen did not pair this with her Signature Ring by Karen Hallam. This is an asymmetrical oval ring in gold that Letizia is rarely spotted without. As for hair and makeup, Letizia went for loose curls and a glam look complete with pink eyeshadow. Fans of the Spanish Queen were quick to take to Instagram to praise her look. @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "Possibly the best pantsuit look ever. She looks amazing and it’s a rewear! "Also loving the more affordable she’s and bag! This lady has the formula down snd looks fabulous." 