A British man who fell three storeys while on holiday in Thailand now needs up to £250,000 to get home. Kieren Martin, 23, was on holiday with his partner Shauna May when he suffered the horrific fall on February 13. Kieren fell three floors from a hotel balcony and was left needing life-saving surgery after his pelvis badly fractured, causing internal bleeding, according to a fundraising page set up by his partner. The personal trainer from Castleford, west Yorkshire, was rushed by speed boat to the Bangkok Phuket Hospital for the surgery. But since then, Shauna said they have run out of money paying hospital bills as their insurance company is yet to pay them a penny. Now they need to raise money, she said, to fly Kieran home for a second operation. In a GoFundMe set up to raise money for Kieran, Shauna explained what happened on the holiday and said: "After the traumatic accident, we had to get a speedboat from Phi Phi to Phuket so he could receive a lifesaving operation at Bangkok Phuket Hospital to stop the internal bleeding and stabilise his pelvis.  "Without the work of the hospital in Thailand, the situation could have been much more grave. "He currently has external pelvic fixations and cannot move from a laying down position. He needs a second operation to insert internal fixations before he can start the long recovery process ahead before he will be able to sit on a flight to get home. "The doctors advised that we fly home in an air ambulance for his second operation, however, we have been given quotes from £170,000-£250,000 without any help from the insurance." But sadly the couple and family are unable to afford the hefty bill, with Shauna still fighting with their insurance company for a payout. READ MORE: Palace attempts to 'distance themselves' from King's meeting with VDL Kieren's family have reportedly exhausted their savings paying for his medical bills from the UK and have now been forced to ask for help. The couple has said they are stuck in Thailand with "no hope" amid rising hospital bills. And as the days go on, Kieren's chances of infection worsen as the second operation continues to be delayed until the money is raised. On the fundraising page, she added: "Kieran is a 23-year-old personal trainer, his life and passions revolve around the gym and his mobility being restored as soon as possible is vital for his career, and physical and mental well-being. DON'T MISS:Help for residents after £2,900 power surge damage leaves them in dark [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry were forced to 'sack' Archie's nanny after 'incident' [COMMENT]British holidaymakers to Turkey told 'do not travel' to 10 areas [PICTURES] "I wouldn’t wish this on my worst enemy, my heart is broken seeing the person I love the most suffer like this. His family and I are trying our best but our efforts are falling short and we need help to get home." Click here to visit the fundraising page and donate. 