Gordon Ramsay is best known for his culinary skills, however, he admits he would now be keen to break into the world of dancing. The Hell’s Kitchen star said he was so impressed by his daughter Tilly Ramsay’s star turn in the 2021 series of Strictly Come Dancing, that he would now like to emulate her ballroom success. Speaking on whether he would ever appear in the BBC dance competition, Gordon said: “I’m only 56! I’m desperate to learn how to dance. “Having Tilly doing so well in that competition, training for two hours, studying for two hours, half-hour off, from 9am to 10 at night, all for a two-minute performance on Saturday… it was so impressive. “I would love to get on there. The dream line-up would be me and Louis Theroux. “I’d meet him for that… If he does it, I’ll do it,” he added to Radio Times. READ MORE: Andrea McLean admits brands ‘dropped her' after she quit Loose Women  After his daughter’s stint on Strictly, he paid tribute to his “polite and humble” daughter and thanked her and her professional partner Nikita Kuzmin for making him “happy”. The chef was also regularly in the audience cheering his daughter on throughout the competition, including when she competed in the dance-off and narrowly missed out on a quarter-final place. Gordon also spoke about his chances of being on Strictly earlier last year as he said on Instagram: "They asked me to do a Christmas special with Gino D'Acampo and Fred Sirieix. “I would love to do it, though. "Secretly, I’d love to do it. I’ve always wanted to dance. There’s something so gorgeous about the rumba, the samba, the foxtrot, the tango... I don’t know. “I may ask the BBC if I could do it next year." He added: "Tilly would kill me, by the way. But the only bit I’d be slightly nervous about is all the tight lycra, sequins and the trousers." Gordon also admitted that following in his daughter’s footsteps has become a recurring theme as it’s also led him to joining TikTok. DONT MISS:Nick Knowles blasts claim he ‘copied’ Stacey Solomon's show (PHOTOS)Salma Hayek almost suffers wardrobe malfunction (NEWS)Piers Morgan uncovers reason for health woes after ongoing symptoms (LATEST) He said: “I have three amazing daughters and they inspire me. “They started that craze in lockdown. I take their steer.” The Kitchen Nightmares star is the father to two other daughters Megan, 25, and 23-year-old Holly. He has so far attracted more than 35 million followers on the social media platform thanks to his no-holes-barred critiques of other people’s cooking. It comes as the star recently snapped up Matt Hancock’s girlfriend’s home in South West London The star has been spotted at the home, formally owned by Gina Coladangelo, 45, and her ex-husband Oliver Tress, and is thought to be measuring up. Although the price of the new property hasn't been disclosed, Gina and Oliver, who is the founders of upmarket homeware and clothing chain Oliver Bonas, paid £3.8 million for the South West London property in 2015. The TV chef previously owned a total of three-holiday homes in Cornwall, said to be worth around 11 million, however, last year sold one for a whopping 7.5 million. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times - out now.