Charlotte Casiraghi, 36, is the granddaughter of the late Princess Grace of Monaco and the only daughter of Princess Caroline of Hanover, Grace's daughter. Last night, she attended a premiere for a new documentary about whales in Monaco. Others present were Prince Albert of Monaco, Pierre Casiraghi, and Beatrice Borromeo. Charlotte looked effortlessly chic in a black ensemble. Charlotte donned a Chanel jacket called the Black Calfskin Jacket. Available to buy for a huge £10,210, the jacket was cropped and had a padded bodice. It had three-quarter-length sleeves. Charlotte paired this with wide-leg trousers that reached her toes. On her feet, she wore a pair of black, shiny heels, but it was difficult to see them except for their pointed toes. The only pop of colour in Charlotte's outfit was her lilac bag. This was also by iconic fashion house Chanel. It was the Classic Rectangular Mini Single Flap Bag. Charlotte has been seen carrying this bag before, and she has also previously worn the black Chanel jacket. The Monegasque's hair was tousled in a natural, wavy do, and she wore minimal make-up. DON'T MISS:Clever storage method to keep avocados 'perfectly green' for 10 days [GUIDE]Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required [EXCLUSIVE]Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests [COMMENT] It is no surprise that Charlotte wore Chanel as she has often been seen sitting front row at the designer's fashion shows during Paris Fashion Week. Last month, she was spotted sitting beside Vanessa Paradis at the Chanel Haute Couture spring/summer 2023 show in Paris. For the occasion, she wore a pink and white jacket with a matching pair of trousers. She had flung a black button-up coat over her shoulders and she carried a pink Chanel bag. READ MORE: Zara and Mike are 'down-to-earth parents' - 'allow Mia to be a child' Royal fans were quick to comment on Charlotte's black outfit at the premiere last night, with many praising her look. Instagram user @aledavanzo81 wrote: "Love the look." User @birdnerd327 commented: "Love the purple purse!" User @caroline.3_ said: "So beautiful Charlotte." User @luxmeagainpreloved added: "This is a stunning lady but I’m not loving this particular 80’s leather revival from Chanel. The bag is beyond gorgeous!" User @theladyteachersybill also noted the 1980s-inspired jacket. She said: "80s party?" Meanwhile, Beatrice Borromeo donned a black turtleneck paired with a long, black coat. She brought a dash of colour to the outfit with her long, tartan skirt. The skirt was peppered with red, green, yellow, and black.