 Over the past few weeks, Coronation Street viewers have seen Amy Barlow (played by Elle Mulvaney) heartbroken by her boyfriend Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) leaving Weatherfield. Although in upcoming scenes, things will take a dark turn as she ends up being a victim of non-consensual sex with close friend Aason Sandford (James Craven). Exclusively speaking to Express.co.uk, James detailed the importance of the storyline and the soap’s hope in sparking conversation.   Since Jacob fled the cobbles as a result of his violent father Damon’s (Ciarán Griffiths) threats, Amy has been heartbroken. As she continues to live with her friends Aaron and his girlfriend Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby), the duo continues to support her. However, in upcoming scenes set to air next week, the trio’s friendship will change forever after Summer learns her boyfriend has been having late-night phone conversations with his ex. Not impressed with his behaviour, she confides in Amy about how she’s struggling to trust Aaaron, although Amy tells her she’s being needy and insecure.  READ MORE:Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show   In retaliation, Summer hits back with a jibe about Jacob as Aaron later finds Amy upset following the argument. Despite the tensions, Aaron wants to celebrate at the cocktail night in the Bistro as he’s being promoted to mechanic after his probation. While Amy and Aaron get ready for the night and enjoy a few drinks, it’s clear there’s sexual chemistry between them and the friends quickly find themselves kissing. Quickly pulling away, Amy is wracked with guilt over betraying Summer and struggles to watch them both at the Bistro which prompts her to go home.   However, it’s not plain sailing for the couple as their continuous sniping ruins the night for everyone which results in Aaron leaving too. Back at the flat, Amy and Aaron decide to play drinking games together and it isn’t long before they’ve polished off every drop of alcohol in the flat. Going off to find more drink in the bedroom, Amy declares she’s too drunk and feels sick as she falls into bed. Although things take a dark turn when Aaron decides to climb into bed next to her and tries to kiss her, all the while Amy remains completely oblivious to what he does next as he makes the decision for them to have sex. DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex fuels dating rumours after 'kiss' [VIDEO] BAFTA slammed over 'very poor excuse' for snubbing Bernard Cribbins [REACTION] Dancing on Ice sparks uproar with ‘insensitive’ fake news skit [DANCING ON ICE]    It isn’t until the next day Amy starts to puzzle the events from the previous night as she’s horrified to realise how far things went. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, and other media publications, actor James Craven shared his thoughts on the upcoming non-consensual storyline and its importance. When asked whether or not he believes Aaron has a lack of education on consent and failure to read non-verbal signals, the soap star confessed it’s both. He commented: “Who knows, maybe if he’d had the education beforehand then he’d been spoken to about it and he’d be thinking about it a bit more then maybe he would have made a different decision.   “He hasn’t been this malicious or evil character in the past. I think that's the really important thing about this story. “That's why it should be so important, because despite the way that he is as a person, he’s still capable of doing something like that and that’s the important thing to highlight here. “If someone is in that state, because he’s had all the alcohol and emotions are heightened to the max, it makes him vulnerable to get himself in a situation as well.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV. 