Piers Morgan and John Terry were caught up in a bitter exchange on Twitter after Chelsea wrapped up their January transfer business with a club-record move for Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez. A money-spinning fee in the region of £107million was agreed in the final hours of deadline day after a lengthy period of negotiations that lasted for weeks before Fernandez was officially unveiled as a new Chelsea player on Wednesday. The financial element of the deal, which represents a new British record after Chelsea eclipsed the fee paid by Manchester City to sign Jack Grealish two years ago, has been widely criticised on social media given the nature of Todd Boehly's free-spending transfer policy in west London over the last few months. Arsenal fan Morgan was among those to poke fun at Chelsea on Wednesday morning with a tweet in which he reminded his followers that the Blues are still languishing in mid-table in spite of their expensive recruitment strategy."Reminder to Chelsea fans: we’re top of the League, you’re 10th, and we’re 21pts ahead of you with a game in hand," wrote Morgan. "So spend all the gazillions you want but what you REALLY need to buy is a telescope to look up at Arsenal."Morgan's verdict on Chelsea's mega-money deal to land Fernandez appeared to rattle Blues legend Terry, who responded: "You have gone missing for 20 years! And you still have a long way to go… I have won more trophies since I retired playing golf than Arsenal have." JUST IN: Liverpool fans jealous after Ten Hag and Man Utd act on deadline day Another dig then followed from Morgan, who pointed out that Terry never managed to replicate Arsenal's greatest achievement during his time at Chelsea in spite of his status as arguably the club's most legendary figure."Pipe down ‘Tiger’ Terry… it was only 18 years ago that Arsenal went unbeaten in a whole League season (incl stuffing Chelsea, led by you, home & away…)," added Morgan. "So the only thing that’s ‘missing’ is the word Invincible on your CV." It remains to be seen how Chelsea's big-spending exploits in the January market will aid their efforts to secure Champions League qualification at the end of the season, with the Blues currently 10 points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester United as things stand. They will certainly be hoping that Fernandez's arrival will help to combat their recent on-pitch struggles, although it will be a difficult task to close the gap even if Graham Potter manages to put things right over the coming weeks and months.Arsenal, meanwhile, find themselves in the midst of a title race and will be doing everything in their power to get their hands on the Premier League trophy when the campaign draws to a close. The Gunners also managed to strengthen their ranks in the January window despite spending much less than Chelsea, with Leandro Trossard, Jakub Kiwior and Jorginho joining the club over the course of the mid-season window. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.