Alpine boss Otmar Szafnauer has vowed to “eliminate the loopholes” that allowed Oscar Piastri to jump ship for McLaren over the summer. Piastri’s future was decided by the Contract Recognition Board (CRB) after both McLaren and Alpine staked their claim to the star. The CRB eventually sided with McLaren after it emerged Alpine only had a terms sheet and not a valid deal in place. Szafnauer stressed the team had learned their lessons to ensure no future young driver has the same option to “get out" of a deal. The American team boss also suggested the team could have done more to ensure Piastri stayed with the team. He told Total-Motorsport.com: “Species that cooperate survive. Species that are selfish become extinct. “In the future, we will treasure these lessons and make sure that we eliminate the loopholes that allowed Oscar to get out of the contract we thought we had with him. READ MORE: Oscar Piastri sets 2023 goal after McLaren share expectations “What happened in the summer was not what we had planned in December 2021. We can say that we should have done things differently so that the plan to promote Oscar would actually have been realised.” Piastri was promoted to a full-time Alpine race seat after Fernando Alonso announced his intention to move to Aston Martin. However, the former F2 champion publicly declined the move in a social media post as it emerged he had already secured a drive at McLaren. The CRB ruling found that Alpine had separate contracts for Piastri for his reserve driver duties in 2022 and a potential race seat in 2023. The terms sheet was only considered to be a starting point for negotiations and not a valid race contract. DON'T MISSMark Webber issues verdict on Daniel Ricciardo after Piastri move [INSIGHT]Daniel Ricciardo 'spotted' with Piastri after losing McLaren F1 drive [ANALYSIS]Mark Webber hits back at Oscar Piastri claims after Alpine criticism [COMMENT] It also emerged that several missed deadlines had frustrated Piastri's manager Mark Webber who began to look at other options. Piastri signed his McLaren agreement on July 4 with the CRB deeming this “valid and binding”. Szafnauer has previously blasted Piastri’s decision to switch teams, claiming the 21-year-old lacked integrity. He said: “I expected more loyalty from Oscar than he is showing. I started in 1989 in Formula One and I’ve never seen anything like this. And it’s not about Formula One, it’s about integrity as a human being.” However, McLaren boss Zak Brown defended his new star after the CRB ruling as he hit back at Szafnauer. Brown commented: “If you look at all of the comments by Otmar, he was giving a little play-by-play of the CRB and how confident they were, and now I think he looks a little silly.”