A new Artic front from Canada is headed toward the northern US and threatening New England with potentially the coldest weather in decades. Wind chill advisories have been issued for most of New England as forecasters expect speeds to reach as high as 60mph. Forecaster Stephen Morgan warned some areas could experience temperatures as low as -40F because of the strength of the chill. Meteorologist Stephen Morgan said: "We're talking 50, 60mph with these wind gusts, visibility expected to be reduced significantly. "A few counties in Maine but it really does tell that story, what we're expecting in the northeast. "As we transition from the Midwest and the Great Lakes to the northeast and New England, we're watching pretty carefully these temperatures because they are going to tumble significantly. "More than they tumbled all year long, which I know isn't saying much but how about 2017, or even 2016. Very cold air, it's been that long since parts of the northeast has experienced that type of air." JUST IN: US politician, 30, shot dead while driving car outside her home - gunman on the loose Morgan continued: "As we head into Friday, look at these temperatures – in the negatives, sub-zero, and even colder air expected to move in Saturday morning and during the day on Saturday we're still going to be locked into that chill. "And yeah, parts of Main could be experiencing a blizzard, why not? Wind chill warnings are already in effect for all of Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and parts of New York right close to the finger lakes too. Further south a little closer to the Hudson Valley, those wind chill advisories in effect." He told Fox Weather: "In some locations, that cold air will uninhibitedly just usher in, get a little closer to the I95 corridor. "This is an idea of where we are expecting those negative 20, negative 40 readings and even worse than that." READ MORE: Driver mowed down two children on bikes killing them Weather operations director Jay Broccolo, who works at an observatory on New Hampshire’s Mount Washington said Thursday that wind speeds could top 100 mph (160 kph). The observatory has held the world record for the fastest wind gust for decades. Broccolo said: “We take safety really seriously in the higher summits and this weekend’s forecast is looking pretty gnarly, even for our standards.” The National Weather Service warned the conditions coming in across the northern US will be "dangerous" as they warned of potential snow squalls as the front moves. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan 'should be mirroring' Zara Tindall [REVEAL]Bed blocking at record levels as 14,000 fine to be discharged [UPDATE]Haley knows Trump 'weaknesses' as he prepares to pick off 2024 rivals [INSIGHT] They said: "Highs on Friday from the Midwest to the Interior Northeast/New England will be in the single digits and teens, with some negative single digits for locations closer to the Canadian border in New England. "Locations closer to the coast along the I-95 urban corridor will see highs in the teens and 20s. "The cold weather will continue into Saturday for the Northeast, with a few record-tying/breaking lows in the single digits possible Saturday morning for the New York City area and in the negative single digits for the Boston and Providence areas. Gusty northwesterly winds upwards of 20 to 30 mph will lead to dangerously cold wind chills between -25 to -35 for portions of the Northern Plains and Upper Midwest."