Bosses at the largest Poundland in the UK are looking to mark its first birthday by applying for official 'tourist' status. The store opened last year and has been making its mark - both in social media and television. Now, the company has applied for an official brown tourist sign to represent how much of an attraction it is. Poundland’s super-sized store at Teesside Park, Thornaby, appeared in a Channel 5 documentary before Christmas. And, bosses say the 19,000sq ft store has become a nationwide icon since opening in February 2022, creating 65 jobs for the region. A huge success from the very start, the store has served a nearly half a million customers over the last year since it threw open its doors, reports Teesside Live. A spokesman for the company said: "In fact, get a taxi from Thornaby Station to the store and it's likely your cab driver will proudly tell you it's Britain's biggest Poundland. And it's not just local Teessiders who are after the retailer's amazing value across categories including food and drink, home and pet, entertainment and its Pep clothing and homeware. "So popular is the store that visitors have dropped in from across the UK and even afield. Travel TikToker @katie_nic_travels also featured the store alongside National Trust properties such as Cliffords Tower in York and Fountains Abbey in North Yorkshire." Brown Tourists signs, according to website gov.uk, are designed to help visitors find attractions and facilities. An attraction is defined as 'as place for people to visit for pleasure or interest'.  If awarded the brown signage Poundland will join other tourist attractions across the region including Roseberry Topping, Saltburn beach, Redcar Beacon, The Tees Transporter Bridge, Ormsby Hall, The Middlesborough Institute of Modern Art (MiMA) and Cod Beck Reservoir, to name just a few. Colin Smith, Poundland's North East regional manager, said: "The store has been a massive success over its first year and our biggest Poundland deserves a big birthday present. We can think of no better way to celebrate our first birthday than applying for an official brown tourist sign.  "We've downloaded all the paperwork and are filling it in. Getting an official tourist sign would make us so proud and give visitors yet another reason to come and see all our brilliant Teesside store has to offer." The company says over the past three years Poundland has been big supporters of Stockton Council's ambition to build a new tourism-based vision for the town. It was one of the first retailers to relocate its city centre store from the Castlegate Shopping Centre allowing the council to begin work on the construction and redevelopment of a new urban park. 