Nationwide's regular savings account offers a competitive rate, designed to get Britons into saving. Their Start to Save Issue 2 offers people five percent AER/gross a year (variable) for 24 months. Following numerous Bank of England base rate increases, a number of high street banks and building societies have increased the interest rates across their various savings products. Nationwide Building Society is offering savers the chance to get five percent interest on their savings plus the chance for a £250 bonus. Interest is worked out daily and then paid into one’s account yearly on each anniversary of their account opening. In order to get the best rate available, Britons are encouraged to look around to find a deal that suits them best. READ MORE: British Gas customer ‘panicked’ after faulty meter left her with £215 energy debt The estimated balance after the 24-month term, based on 24 monthly deposits of £25 would be £600. When including the interest rate of five percent AER/gross a year (variable), the total would be £631.66. How does the prize draw work?Savers will need to increase their account balance by at least £25 (but by no more than £50) in each of the six calendar months leading up to the month of a prize draw. For example, to qualify for the prize draw on February 21, 2023, people would need to increase the total balance in their account by at least £25 (but by no more than £50) in:  READ MORE: Barclays bank shares 'warning signs' for rising scam after customer loses £10,000 Individuals won't be entered into the prize draw if they increase their balance by less than £25, or more than £50, in one or more of the six months leading up to a prize draw. Any interest and prize draw winnings added to one’s account will not count towards their minimum £25 balance increase. It should be noted that people will need to pay into the account within the first 28 days or Nationwide will close it. There are three prize draws, which will take place on February 22, 2023, August 22, 2023, and February 20, 2024. If someone opens their account with less than six months to go before the next prize draw, they’ll only be able to enter the draw after that. Nationwide will inform savers if they have won by email or post. They will pay the £250 into their Start to Save Issue 2 account within 30 days of the draw. This means the account will still need to be open for them to pay into. Tom Riley, Nationwide’s Director of Banking and Savings, said: “We set up Start to Save to help encourage those who hadn’t really saved before to get into the savings habit. “Offering an attractive rate, with the potential to win money has really resonated with our members and encouraged them to put money aside each month.”