Youtuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul wasn't able to back up any of his outlandish pre-match trash talk. Not only did Paul fail to knock out his British opponent, but he went and lost the hotly anticipated battle altogether. Still, with the American showing plenty of promise in just his seventh fight against the more experienced Tommy Fury, a rematch between the pair could provide the fireworks that were often missing in the Saudi Arabian clash.  Paul confirmed rumours of a rematch clause in his contract for a second contest in the build-up to the fight, which could take place before the end of 2023. Speaking after the 2-1 split decision on Sunday night, the 26-year-old indicated he would be very interested in getting revenge for his first professional loss. “We can run it back,” he said. “I think we deserve that rematch. All respect to Tommy, he won. Don't judge me by my wins, judge me by my losses." Fury similarly welcomed the prospect of another go around, saying: "This is my first main event. If he wants a rematch, bring it on." MUST READ: Tyson Fury lost £100k despite brother Tommy Fury beating Jake Paul in Saudi Arabia  A location for the rematch is yet to be announced but venues in the fighters’ home countries of the US and UK will surely be considered. However, with the financial packages up for grabs in the Middle East, it’ll be little surprise to see the rematch staged in Saudi Arabia once more or in the neighbouring United Arab Emirates. Paul is reported to have taken home around £7.1million, thanks to his guaranteed purse of £2.7m, plus 65% of pay-per-view revenues. While Fury’s winnings are estimated to be in the region of £3.8m. The trash-talking Ohio native threw the monetary cat among the pigeons pre-match when he suggested Sunday’s clash would be a winner-takes-all affair. “If you win I’ll pay you double,” he said. “But if I win, I take everything that I’m paying you.” It’s anyone’s guess whether their agreement was binding or the latest in a long list of stunts but you can certainly expect both fighters to considerably increase the amount they’d stand to earn from another match-up.