Clarkson's Farm has been missing for two years after the first series wowed Amazon Prime Video subscribers in 2021. The docuseries finally returned for a second outing earlier this month with former Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson facing some unexpected challenges. The series also introduced some new characters to the team to help Diddly Squat Farm tick over. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Clarkson's Farm. Season two of Clarkson's Farm welcomes vet Dilwyn Evans into the fold. Clarkson purchases a herd of cows to fertlise his land's grass naturally, rather than using chemicals to do the same job which wouldn't be as environmentally friendly. As the 62-year-old presenter knew very little about taking care of these animals, he enlisted Dilwyn's help for general advice and to act as a midwife to his pregnant cows. While he is only getting recognised now for his work because of Clarkson's Farm, Dilwyn has been in the industry for a long time. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Dilwyn works as the clinical director at the Swindon branch of Bridge Veterinary Clinic. He joined the practice in 1987 and returned in 1992 after a brief stint working in Wales. According to his bio on the clinic's website, he loves "all aspects of his work" but does have a "soft spot" for cows, explaining why he was the best man for the job at the famous farm. When he isn't working though, Dilwyn likes to spend his time looking after his dogs, cycling, walking and geocaching. The Welshman appeared in episode four of the second season when he was involved in an artificial insemination project to get the cows pregnant. However, at the beginning of the instalment, Dilwyn tells Clarkson it didn't work. He then informs The Grand Tour host about a bovine tuberculosis outbreak in the UK, caused by the badger population. Dilwyn explains even though the disease can be spread by deer and foxes, the issue can be resolved as they can be culled by landowners. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale couple ripped apart as beloved star quits [SPOILER]Jeremy Clarkson confirms future of Clarkson's Farm after 'axe' claims [CAST]Here's an update on the future of Clarkson's Farm [UPDATE] But it is a very different story when it comes to badgers as they have been protected by law since the 1980s to stop badger baiting. Speaking to Amazon Prime Video, Clarkson stated he wanted to show viewers the reality of having badgers on farming land. He said: "We thought, ‘What do we do?’ because if you want to make a popular show you have to say, ‘Oh, look at the little cuddly-wuddly badgers. “But I thought: no, it’s a farming show, and you’d lose your core audience – the farmers – if you went around saying, ‘Look at these sweet little animals.’” Fans of Clarkson's Farm will be thrilled to learn this won't be the end just yet of the docuseries. The show will be returning for a third outing after the streamer gave it the green light. There is no release date as of yet but it is believed it will be out sometime in 2024. Clarkson's Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.