 Suki Panesar (played by Balvinder Sopal) and Nish Panesar (Navin Chowdhry) have been struggling for control ever since the latter was released from prison. In upcoming scenes, the Mitchells will find themselves caught up in the Panesars’ game as Nish looks to expanding the family business even further. But, has the EastEnders newcomer gone too far this time? In next week’s episodes, Nish enlists Eve Unwin’s (Heather Peace) help to look over the family business. Suki finds the pair looking through her business contracts and is mortified by their lack of faith. She reminds her family that she’s in charge but it’s clear Nish wants to undermine his wife. Tensions rise between Nish and Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) over the possibility of a new business deal. Read more: EastEnders' Stacey Slater and Martin Fowler 'will get close' Suki warns her husband to stay away from the Mitchells but he ignores her. Nish asks Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota) for help with a new plan to expand the Panesars’ empire. The father-and-son go behind Suki’s back and wage war on the Mitchells. Phil realises something has happened and storms over to accuse Nish of interfering in his business. Suki jumps to her husband’s defence and gives Nish an alibi as she hides her own feelings about his betrayal. Later, the Minute Mart is broken into and vandalised by an intruder. Nish and Suki are rattled by the retaliation as Eve steps into help clear up the mess. Back at home, Suki confronts her husband about his secret business deals while Eve listens in. DON'T MISSEastEnders heartbreak for Zack and Whitney over tragic news [INSIGHT]EastEnders exit as popular star set to leave after three years [SPOILER]EastEnders' Lola Pearce makes devastating discovery about childhood [INSIGHT] Hoping Suki will need a shoulder to cry on, Eve heads over to the Minute Mart to console Suki following the row. Furious with his wife’s contempt, Nish ignores her once again and puts his plan into action. Phil and Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) arrive for a tense lunch with the Panesars to discuss business. Will Nish put all his cards on the table or will he continue to betray his wife? EastEnders fans will remember Suki and Eve grew very close before Nish returned from prison. Suki struggled with her sexuality and being honest with Eve about her romantic feelings for her. Eve finally helped Suki come to terms with her true feelings but Nish’s return led to the businesswoman rejecting her lover in favour of her husband. Is there any hope for Suki and Eve to reunite while Nish remains in Walford? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm