EastEnders star Gary Lucy, 41, was reportedly left “devastated” after Love Island’s Laura Anderson, 33, called time on their relationship. The breakup allegedly occurred two weeks ago after the pair attended a scan for their first child. Gary revealed the pair were no longer together, but he will co-parent their unborn child with her. He said: "I love Laura but we are no longer together. "My main drive as always is to work together to co-parent our child. “I look forward to the arrival of the new baby," he added to The Sun. READ MORE: Gabby Logan addresses regret in marriage with husband Kenny A source alleged that the Hollyoaks actor was left “devastated” and “heartbroken” by Laura’s decision to break things off. They claimed: “Gary's been left devastated - he's absolutely heartbroken. "They spent Christmas together and he travelled to Glasgow last weekend in a desperate attempt to try to win her back, they enjoyed a meal out and attended their first scan together - but Laura was adamant it's over." Laura recently shared a cryptic post admitting she was going through a "difficult time", sparking split rumours. The claims come as Laura joyously announced she was pregnant in a social media post. She unveiled her blossoming baby bump on Instagram on Wednesday as she was inundated with congratulatory messages. The reality TV star and the Footballers Wives actor will welcome a baby into the world one year after meeting on Celebs Go Dating. Express.co.uk previously contacted Laura Anderson and Gary Lucy's representatives for comment. DON'T MISS...JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [DEBATE]Brooklyn Beckham mocked as he surprises wife Nicola in just a towel [PICTURES]Liz Hurley astounds fans in totally nude Valentine's Day photoshoot [LATEST] Taking to social media, the gushing mum-to-be said "baby Lucy" will be arriving in the summer. In view of her 1.5 million Instagram followers, she penned: "Our hearts are full. Baby Lucy due Summer ‘23" In a video, Laura filmed her growing baby bump as she sported an array of different outfits. She shared photos of the couple on Christmas Day as Gary cradled her bump, while another clip showed Lucy in hospital while undergoing a baby scan. The on-screen star was inundated with messages from celebrities and fans alike. Ola Jordan gushed: "Omg Congratulations!!!" Love Island's Shaughna Phillips wrote: "So happy for you darling, the best news ever." Anna Williamson wrote: "@lauraanderson1x @gary.lucy you know how much love I have for you and this little baby bear." Charlotte Dawson penned: "So happy for you babe omg omg omg omg," before adding: "Best news ever."