The Gold premiered on BBC One tonight, Sunday, February 12, telling the story of the 1983 Brink's-Mat robbery which was the biggest robbery in history at the time. Six armed robbers aimed to steal £1million but ended up leaving with £26million worth of gold bullion after accidentally stumbling upon the riches midway through the heist. While viewers were initially interested in the real-life plot, many couldn't help but compare it to the drama Happy Valley. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Gold.The Gold has started on BBC One, filling in the prime Sunday night time slot, after Happy Valley season three came to an end last week. The Sarah Lancashire-led series returned for its grand finale after seven years away from BBC One, with Ryan Cawood (played by Rhys Connah) all grown-up and Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) still behind bars. Last week, the last ever episode of Happy Valley aired, bringing the hugely popular drama to a close for good which has been widely praised by fans. To soften the blow of the show ending, BBC One has started showing 1980s series The Gold in its place. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star Starring in The Gold is a number of recognisable actors including Hugh Bonneville, Dominic Cooper, Peter Davidson, Charlotte Spencer and Jack Lowden. Within the first few minutes of the episode, there was plenty of action as it took viewers straight to the action with security officers being held at gunpoint at the depot. Even before the opening credits, the six masked men walked away with gold worth millions of pounds, so it looked like a promising start. But it wasn't too long before the comparisons with Sally Wainwright's Happy Valley began, with some asking for its return. Taking to Twitter, @tonydonsfan wrote: "Watchable but no #HappyValley #Gold." @WelshSpur07 said: "Last Sunday night on BBC1 we had the gripping Happy Valley. This week we are left with The Gold. Awful." @Oldcynic9 tweeted: "Bring back #HappyValley....even the repeats..please! #theGold" "Gave up after 10 minutes. A very poor replacement for Happy Valley", commented @helenkabkz. @jazzymaz added: "It’s no Happy Valley is it?" DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored  [SPOILER]Eric Christian Olsen describes himself as '100% Norwegian' [CAST]Vera season 12 episode 3 cast explained as police officer found dead [EXPLAINER] Not everyone was as harsh about the period drama though with some saying that the two cannot be compared. @RJDHowzat questioned: "Why are so many saying it’s ‘no Happy Valley’? "Why the comparison? I gave up on Happy Valley in Ep2. This is based on reality which is exactly my cup of tea #TheGold #HappyValley" @T1968 seconded: "Stop comparing #TheGold to Happy Valley, jheez. (sic) "One is fact, the other is fiction, broaden your horizons. Yes HV was bloody brill but you just can’t compare the two." (sic) @geraldine297 added: "Are you watching #TheGold? I'm struggling with it. "Maybe not the best idea to immediately follow Happy Valley with another crime drama. Sticking with it for now." The Gold will consist of six episodes in total so as long as there are no delays to the schedule, the finale is going to air on Sunday, March 19. Alternatively, viewers can binge-watch the show via BBC iPlayer. The Gold continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.