Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, is known for romancing women decades younger than him, however, he has received a wave of backlash after sparking rumours of a romance with 19-year-old model Eden Polani. Ulrika Jonsson, 55, has now weighed in on the claims as said it gave her “the creeps”. Leonardo raised eyebrows when he was snapped posing with Eden at a Los Angeles party recently - but has furiously denied any reports of a romance. Nonetheless, the snap has sent social media into meltdown - as many have noticed that Eden is so young that her high school education was interrupted by the Covid pandemic. She was also not even born when his hit film Titanic was released back in 1998 - 25 years ago. Stepping in to the debate, Ulrika slammed the Hollywood actor in her recent column for The Sun. READ MORE:CBeebies star Sarah-Jane Honeywell, 49, strips for topless photo Comparing it to her own experience, the TV personality questioned: 'Why would I want to be with a man so young?' She continued: “I know I’m not the only one who finds Leonardo DiCaprio’s pursuit of much younger women not just distasteful but also sickening. “While I understand the glitz and glamour of a Hollywood star must be irresistible, it’s unfathomable that someone so young could consider spending her formative adult years with a man who is old enough to be her father. She concluded: “The idea that I might date or, God forbid, be in a relationship with an 18 to 19-year-old man does not only feel wrong and counterintuitive but just a step too far. I’m afraid it gives me the creeps.” The Titanic actor has denied the claims through a source who told MailOnline: “They were seated next to each other at a music-listening party.” Express.co.uk has also contacted Leonardo’s reps for comment. Eden seemingly was keen to avoid further scrutiny on Instagram by removing her page. Eden was pictured arriving in New York alone at JFK, just hours after a source close to Leo furiously denied that the pair were "dating". DONT MISS:Olly Murs details real reason he gave up alcohol after 10 months sober (PHOTOS)Jeremy Clarkson’s farm shop reopens after Meghan row as visitors down (NEWS)Alec Baldwin sued by Halyna Hutchins' family over Rust film (LATEST) The French Israeli model had around 230,000 Instagram followers and was rapidly gaining numbers after she was photographed with the Titanic actor. She also took to Instagram, hours before deleting her account, to share a story of a New York hotel, captioned: "Long time no see." This all comes in the wake of the ongoing controversy around Leo's dating habits, with many fans famously noticing that he tends not to date women who are over 25. He even split with his last serious girlfriend, Camilla Morrone, weeks before she hit the milestone age.  His current girlfriend Victoria Lamas, 23, was seemingly missing from the event, with her being 25 years Leo's junior. Leo met Camilla in December 2017 when she was 20 and he was 43. They were then spotted together at Coachella and went on multiple holidays as a pair, with reports claiming Leo was going to ask Camilla to marry him. The couple made their red carpet debut at the 2020 Academy Awards, but broke up two years later.