Death in Paradise fans were left delighted when DI Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) decided to stay in the Caribbean after telling the Commissioner (Don Warrington) that he wanted to leave the island. The detective was heartbroken and questioned his own future with the Saint Marie police force after he was betrayed by the woman he loved, Sophie Chambers (Chelsea Edge). Despite taking two weeks off to think about what he wanted, Neville witnessed a murder while in a bar. As he sat reflecting on his own life, a murder occurred right in front of the detective's eyes, and he was soon thrown back into his job. Neville and the team were faced with the killing of a bar owner, who was poisoned to death. However, as he questioned whether he wanted to be there, Neville paid Sophie a visit in prison. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale He needed closure as he asked the criminal whether any of their time together was real. Despite admitting she never had feelings for him, Sophie told Neville that she liked who she was when they were together. After solving the case, Neville phoned the Commissioner to speak about his decision. As the team celebrated "new beginnings", Catherine Bordey (Élizabeth Bourgine) rose a glass to her daughter, Camille (Sara Martins), who is pregnant with her first child. Neville sat alone on the beach as he deleted a photo of him and Sophie. "Hey, Commissioner," the DI said before Selwyn replied: "I am very glad to hear it, inspector. Have a good evening." It is unclear what Neville said to the Commissioner, but fans are torn about whether he is staying or leaving Saint Marie. Following the episode, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts and theories on series 12. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin  [INSIGHT]Steve Allen quits LBC after 44 years [REACTION]Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune [EXCLUSIVE] Many seem to think Camille being pregnant could indicate a return to Saint Marie. While others were thrilled to hear that Neville was not leaving the island. Kasia wrote: "Hope this convinced Camille to come back to see Catherine… " "Hmmm a mention of Camille........unexpected. #deathinparadise," Twitter user @Survivinthe20s wrote. (sic) Miles added: "Oh my god Camille mention #DeathInParadise." (sic) "NEV IS STAYING AND CAMILLE IS PREGNANT MY HEART IS SO HAPPY," Stacey beamed. Nia went on to add: "HOLD UP CAMILLE??? #DeathInParadise." Mentioning Neville's storyline, Jack Rice said: "After weeks of rumours and rumblings throughout the season, we finally have our answer, Neville is NOT LEAVING Saint Marie! " (sic) Although, others weren't convinced by the cliffhanger and claimed Neville's future is uncertain. User @MissChris_hist pointed out: "It's not fully clear if Neville is staying or not #deathinparadise." Vishal went on to ask: "So Neville is staying? #DeathInParadise." (sic) Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.