Prince George once handed Barack Obama a "slap in the face" with a "clear breach of protocol," the 44th POTUS joked. President Obama established close friendships with several members of the Royal Family, including Prince Harry and Prince William.  However, his interaction with the Prince of Wales' eldest son in 2016 was among the most memorable moments involving the Firm and former Commander-in-Chief. The moment came when the 44th President and former First Lady Michelle Obama met William, Harry and Kate Middleton. The quintet then entered Kensington Palace where a special guest was waiting to meet them. Prince George, then just two years old, was snapped greeting the Obamas wearing his pyjamas and dressing gown. JUST IN: King Charles warned over 'drawing attention' to Harry's memoir if he wants reconciliation The future King also sat on a wooden rocking horse which had been gifted by the then White House occupants when he was born in 2013. The handmade horse, with the presidential seal emblazoned on the saddle, came with a polo mallet. Obama, who later described George as "adorable", said: "It's not just Congress. "Even some foreign leaders they have been looking ahead, anticipating my departure. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'have blown it all' after Duke's quest for 'vengeance' against William "Last week Prince George showed up to our meeting in his bath robe. "That was a slap in the face. A clear breach of protocol." Another interesting moment between the Obamas and the Royal Family came in 2009 when the ex-Vice Lady put her arm around Queen Elizabeth II. To the astonishment of those around, the late monarch reciprocated and put her gloved hand on her back. DON'T MISS:Meghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok [WATCH]13 claims 'older woman' Sasha Walpole has made about Harry's virginity [REPORT]Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter [OPINION]  Writing in her 2018 memoir Becoming, Ms Obama said: "The Queen glanced down at the pair of black Jimmy Choos I was wearing. She shook her head. 'These shoes are unpleasant, are they not?' "She gestured with some frustration at her own black pumps. I confessed then to the Queen that my feet were hurting. She confessed that hers hurt, too. "We looked at each other then with identical expressions, like, when is all this standing around with world leaders going to finally wrap up? And with this, she busted out with a fully charming laugh." 