A fraudulent email, with the subject line ‘We detected a virus’, urges the recipient to renew their McAfee subscription. Scammers often try to pressure victims into handing over information with ploys like this. The bogus email includes links to a fake website controlled by the scammers where victims input personal and financial information. Action Fraud shared an image of the message which purported to be from "McAfee Total" in an effort to raise awareness of the scam. The scam message reads: “Your antivirus subscription has expired! Your subscription to McAfee Total Protection for Windows had expired on 31/01/2023. “After the expiry date has passed, your computer will become susceptible to many different virus threats. Your PC is unprotected, it can be exposed to viruses and other malware. You are eligible for discount: [82%OFF] - Offer will expire in: 24h.” READ MORE: 'A shambles!' Pensioner hit by state pension shortfall after National Insurance error  Action Fraud urged people who receive a suspicious message like this to contact the organisation themself. The group said in a tweet: “Don’t use the numbers or address in the message - use the details from their official website. “Your bank (or any other official source) will never ask you to supply personal information via email.” People can also report a suspicious email they have received to Action Fraud’s Suspicious Email Reporting Service (SERS) by emailing report@phishing.gov.uk.  The fraud prevention group said reports they have received from Britons have led to the removal of 200,000 scam URLs as of December 2022. HMRC recently warned Britons of a voicemail scam that tries to pressure people into taking action by threatening them with criminal prosecution. The fake voicemail states: “This call is to inform you there is a tax fraud case registered under your name. You have to press one to get connected to the officer of HMRC. “If in case you do not press one and your call is not connected to us, then the warrant will be issued under your name straight away. You will get arrested shortly.” READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver dispels common myth as she wins £1,050 in February draw  Scammers often pose as legitimate organisations such as Government departments to make people panic into contacting them and handing over personal information. A victim’s data can be used by criminals to steal their money or to commit identity fraud such as taking out a loan in their name. This fraud appears to be rife as HMRC has had some 66,000 reports of this type of phone scam in the last year. More than 140 bogus phone numbers have been removed over the past year in efforts to stop the scams. The fraudsters often target elderly and vulnerable people so it's important to spread the word. An HMRC spokesperson told Express.co.uk previously: “HMRC will never ring up threatening arrest. Only criminals do that. “Tax scams come in many forms. Some threaten immediate arrest for tax evasion, while others offer a tax rebate. “Contacts like these should set alarm bells ringing, so take your time and check HMRC scams advice on gov.uk.”