Laura Anderson revealed her blossoming baby bump on Instagram today as she was inundated with congratulatory messages. The Love Island star, 33, and Footballers Wives actor, 41, will welcome a baby into the world one year after meeting on Celebs Go Dating. It has since been claimed the couple separated after they attended their first baby scan. Gary confirmed to The Sun: "I love Laura but we are no longer together. My main drive as always is to work together to co-parent our child. I look forward to the arrival of the new baby." Express.co.uk has contacted Laura Anderson and Gary Lucy's representatives for comment. Taking to social media, the gushing mum-to-be said "baby Lucy" will be arriving in the summer. In view of her 1.5 million Instagram followers, she penned: "Our hearts are full. Baby Lucy due Summer ‘23" Laura's heart-warming announcement comes after she candidly shared details of her desperate IVF journey. The Scots reality star opened up about the challenges of starting fertility treatment with ex-boyfriend and 90s popstar Dane Bowers. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson's fans fume at council in battle over Diddly Squat Telly fave Laura split from Dane a short while later, before finding love again with Hollyoaks hunk Gary during filming of E4 hit Celebs Go Dating. In an adorable video, Laura filmed her growing baby bump as she sported an array of different outfits. She shared photos of the couple on Christmas Day as Gary cradled her bump, while another clip showed Lucy in hospital while undergoing a baby scan. The on-screen star was inundated with messages from celebrities and fans alike. Ola Jordan gushed: "Omg Congratulations!!!" Love Island's Shaughna Phillips wrote: "So happy for you darling, the best news ever." Anna Williamson wrote: "@lauraanderson1x @gary.lucy you know how much love I have for you and this little baby bear." Charlotte Dawson penned: "So happy for you babe omg omg omg omg," before adding: "Best news ever." DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson's fans fume at council in battle over Diddly Squat[TV]Anne Hegerty on 'bad' Chase days relying on 'supportive' co-stars[EXCLUSIVE] Faye Winter said: "Congratulations beautiful. So happy for you." Maura Higgins shared: "Congratulations," while Nicola McLean added: "Oh this is beautiful congratulations both of you @gary.lucy." Laura and Gary were spotted at their first scan together last week in Glasgow, and pals revealed she is so excited to become a first time mum. They told The Sun: "Laura is seeing this as a fresh start as she has wanted to be a mum for some time. "She is so excited and knows that Gary is a great dad to his four kids with his ex. "She has wanted a baby for a while and she can't wait to start this new chapter in her life." Gary found fame on Hollyoaks playing a footballer called Luke Morgan. The TV hunk then gained a legion of fans when he joined racy show Footballers' Wives in 2002. He returned to Hollyoaks in 2017 after a 15 year absence, and split from his wife Natasha a year later, but left the show last year. The former couple shares two sons and two daughters. Laura was a hairdresser and a flight attendant before she won a spot on Love Island in 2018.