WARNING: This article contains spoilers from BBC’s The Gold The Gold is keeping viewers glued to their seats after it began airing and landed on the BBC iPlayer as a boxset. Recounting the biggest heist in the world, The Gold follows the 1983 Brink’s-Mat robbery which saw £26million in gold bullion vanish into thin air with very little of the haul recovered to this day. The show concluded with the Brink’s-Mat police taskforce contemplating their next move after realising the gold had been split right at the start of the robbery. So, the police could only track half of the amount taken by the robbers, while they were uncertain how to get hold of the other half. Brian Boyce (played by Hugh Bonneville) and his team contemplated their next move and where to take the investigation next. Detective Nikki Jennings (Charlotte Spencer) suggested the pair would have to go after the six men in the van who initially carried out the robbery. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal On another series, writer Neil Forsyth said: “There is certainly still story to tell, so we will have to see what happens. “For now, I’m just delighted with the reception that this series has received.” Forsyth’s words suggest there is room for more story should the opportunity arise but it will be down to the BBC to make a decision on recommissioning the show. The BBC will be looking closely at the viewing figures before making any decisions with the show currently one of the most popular programmes on the BBC iPlayer, where it’s available to binge. Should The Gold get a second season, the investigation into the money and the gold would simply continue. The show could delve further into the lives of the criminals involved in the robbery with perhaps the scope even opening up further given some of the real-life figures had quite colourful lives. Forsyth went on to say there were lots of details he wanted to include in the show but due to the time constraints wasn’t able to. “There was a lot of story and some fantastic characters that we just didn’t have room for in the show, which is one of the reasons that myself and the show’s researcher Thomas Turner have published a book called The Gold to give people the wider story.” A possible second series would feature another six episodes will the show likely to be broadcast in a linear fashion as well as being available as a boxset to binge all at once. The show would also see the main cast reprising their roles including Bonneville and Spencer, while there would also be new figures thrown into the mix as the case got bigger. Reflecting on what happening the other half of the gold, Forsyth said: “I think the vast majority was disguised and sold back into the gold market, I don’t think there is some big secret stash of the gold hidden away somewhere. “What is almost more interesting is what happened to all the money made from selling the gold back into the market, because I think a lot of that money is still out there and will have multiplied many times since.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [INSIGHT]BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges [UPDATE]Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed' [ANALYSIS] However, he said it was unlikely such a colossal heist could be replicated again with technology being the biggest different now. Moreover, there were less checks and balances in place at the time on money laundering which is no longer the case and would prevent illegal gold from getting back into the legitimate market. Along with The Gold TV series and the accompanying book, Forsyth has several forthcoming projects including season two of BBC drama Guilt which will be airing on BBC Two in April. He’s also written a biopic of Samuel Beckett titled Dance First with Gabriel Byrne, which is due out in the autumn. The Gold airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm and is streaming as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer The Gold: The real story behind Brink’s-Mat by Neil Forsyth and Thomas Turner is out now February 2023 (Ebury Spotlight).