Season four of 1000lb Sisters has provided plenty of talking points for the Slaton sisters, from a trip to rehab to burglaries and heartbreaking family deaths. However, there has also been a number of positives for Tammy and Amy, including engagements and reaching weight loss milestones in order to be approved for surgery. With the duo continuing to be some of TLC’s biggest stars, therefore, fans are keen to know just how much they make from the US network. Questions over Amy and Tammy’s pay for appearing in 1000lb Sisters has been a hot topic among TLC viewers since the show first kicked off. So much so, Tammy even hit out at a fan who suggested the TLC favourite had made her rich by claiming she was broke. While neither Tammy nor her sister has come clean about the exact compensation they receive per episode, there is some data out there to provide an educated estimate. According to Business Insider, participants in “docu-ensembles” without a prior celebrity status can expect to rake in between $1,500-$3,000. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters' Tammy Slaton admits 'I was big from birth' as she shares childhood snap The publication then claimed: “Then after three years of success, it can go up to $7,000 to $10,000 an episode. “After that, you start moving into the Kardashian level,” it added. Given 1000lb Sisters recently passed its three-year mark on the air recently, having premiered in January 2020, it’s likely Tammy and her sister could be heading beyond that $1,500 baseline. According to Soap Dirt, TLC pays for the expensive surgeries Tammy has undergone or will undergo after fans questioned how she could afford treatment. While the estimated sum both Tammy and her sister Amy may receive may not seem a lot for a TV personality, they do have other ventures. The pair have a popular YouTube channel which they started before their 1000lb Sisters days which helps generate income. Elsewhere, Amy sells personalised videos on Cameo in which she charges fans for bespoke video messages. At the time of writing, Amy charges £17 (approximately $20) for messages while a business video will fetch £294 ($350). DON'T MISS:Tammy Slaton age explained as 1000lb Sisters star reaches goal1000lb Sisters fans rip Amy over son Gage’s ‘filthy feet’1000lb Sisters fans ‘heartbroken’ as Tammy Slaton’s home is robbed Amy isn’t the only 1000lb Sisters star cashing in using the video messaging service, however. Tammy and Amy’s sister Amanda Halterman is also on the site, charging £34 ($40) for a video message or £50 ($60) for business videos. Amy and Tammy have also reportedly built up quite impressive net worths as a result of their fame. According to Market Realist, Amy was worth $250,000 up to December 2021. Tammy, on the other hand, is reportedly worth a lesser but still impressive $100,000, according to In Touch Weekly. The Slaton sisters continue to update fans with their weight loss journeys on Tuesday evenings on TLC in the USA. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesday on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.