Emma Raducanu has been told that she will win more Grand Slam titles as Olympic champion Monica Puig claimed that the 20-year-old would benefit from some other players retiring. The Brit made tennis history when she became the first qualifier ever to win a Major at the 2021 US Open but has struggled for consistent results since, and she has now been offered some advice on how to rejoin the winners’ circle. Raducanu proved to be one of the most extraordinary stories in tennis when she won the 2021 US Open as an 18-year-old ranked at No 150 in the world, coming through qualifying in what was just her fourth-ever professional event to lift the title without dropping a set. More than a year on, the 20-year-old has struggled to back up the result as she has been occupied by adjusting to life on the pro circuit while injuries have also set her back. Now sitting at No 80 in the world at the start of what is her sophomore season, the Brit’s immediate goals are to slowly climb back up the rankings and get more match wins under her belt. And Raducanu has been given a boost as the 2016 Olympic women’s singles gold medallist claimed she would definitely be able to win Majors again in the future. “Absolutely! She's still young. It's a matter of time,” Puig told Sky Sports. The 29-year-old - who retired last year - thought that Raducanu would join some other young stars in dominating tennis following the end of some of the older players’ careers. JUST IN: Djokovic mural destroyed months after locals shared fears over vandals   She added: “We're always seeing generational changes with players like myself and Serena Williams having now stepped away. The new generation that's going to come and carry the torch for the future generation.” And the former world No 27 backed Raducanu to be part of that group as she advised the Brit on what she should do to become a multi-Grand Slam champion. “Yes, she is going to be in that circle of names that are going to be a force to be reckoned with,” Puig added. DON'T MISSFederer needs 'special condition' to accept Wimbledon role - EXCLUSIVEMcEnroe's luxurious houses, rock-star wife and cars amid £87m fortuneThiem issues heartbreaking statement after Slam win stunted career “She just needs to settle, find her ground and take the pressure and expectation off because she already did something that not many people can do. Remember the reason why you started playing tennis in the first place. It's because of the love of the sport.” Raducanu has played just two tournaments so far this year, turning her ankle at her first event of the season in Auckland before reaching the second round of the Australian Open with little preparation as a result of the injury. She will be back in action at the end of the month after signing up for the inaugural WTA 250 in Texas. 