A body has been found in the search for Nicola Bulley, with a map showing the exact location where the body was located. A statement from Lancashire Police said formal identification had not yet been carried out "so we are unable to say" if it is the missing mother-of-two. On Sunday, Lancashire Police said that they has "sadly recovered a body", shortly before noon. They were called to the River Wyre near Rawcliffe Road at 11:35am. The body was found close to Rawcliffe Road, within a mile of where Ms Bulley was last seen on January 27. The statement, released by Lancashire Police, stated they were "unable to say whether this is Nicola Bulley at this time". READ MORE: Police searching for Nicola Bulley find a body in river 3 weeks after mum went missing Police said in the statement: "We are currently treating the death as unexplained." It also stated Ms Bulley's family "have been informed of developments" and that their "thoughts are with them at this most difficult of times". They also asked that the privacy of Nicola's family "is respected". The Lancashire Police statement read: "This morning, Sunday, 19 February, you may be aware of police activity around the river near to St Michaels. We want to provide you with an update on that activity. READ MORE: Suella Braverman speaks on ‘heartbreaking’ news as body found in search for Nicola Bulley "We were called today at 11:36am to reports of a body in the River Wyre, close to Rawcliffe Road. "An underwater search team and specialist officers have subsequently attended the scene, entered the water and have sadly recovered a body. "No formal identification has yet been carried out, so we are unable to say whether this is Nicola Bulley at this time. "Procedures to identify the body are on-going. We are currently treating the death as unexplained. "Nicola’s family have been informed of developments and our thoughts are with them at this most difficult of times. We ask that their privacy is respected." DON'T MISS Nicola Bulley case laid bare - everything police shared at briefing [INSIGHT]Nicola Bulley 'moved towards bench' just before vanishing [COMMENT]Nicola Bulley was 'high-risk' due to 'a number of vulnerabilities' [PICTURES] Within a week of her disappearance, Lancashire Police said they believed she had fallen into the river. The 45-year-old had gone missing whilst walking her dog, Willow, along the River Wyre. Detectives working on the disappearance believed there was only a 10-minute window when she was out of sight. Her mobile phone, which was still connected to a work call, was found on a bench next to the river, placed alongside her dog's harness.  Lancashire Police recently revealed, three weeks after her disappearance, that Nicola had “significant issues with alcohol which were brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause and that these struggles had resurfaced over recent months.” 