Chelsea’s goalless draw with Fulham on Friday night once again highlighted Thiago Silva’s importance to Graham Potter’s outfit at a time when the Blues are in a transitional period. The 38-year-old kept Aleksandar Mitrovic quiet - a task many have failed at this season - and Manchester United icon Gary Neville made sure to single him out for praise at full-time. "The big positives for me were the centre-backs,” Neville told Sky Sports. “I thought Thiago Silva was sensational, he just impresses me every time I see him and he’s just a world-class player, obviously. You just think about him tonight, he could be so important - he is so important to them. He has to somehow hold that dressing room together because there’s going to be some very upset, disappointed, dejected characters.” Silva’s contract at Stamford Bridge expires at the end of the season after the club activated a one-year extension in the summer, but even though he is in the twilight of his career Chelsea should be wary of letting the veteran leave on a free transfer. Liverpool have recently been urged to make a move for the Brazil international if the Blues do not renew his contract and he would not be short of suitors if terms could not be reached on a new deal. Chelsea’s commitment to Potter at a time when the team is struggling to pick up victories underlines their long-term approach, but while several fresh faces have arrived at Stamford Bridge, they will benefit from the vast experience that Silva comes with. One of the club’s biggest dressing room leaders in Jorginho recently left for Arsenal for an initial £10million on deadline, while Potter will hope to rely on the likes of Silva and captain Cesar Azpilicueta to help embed all of their new stars. Chelsea have signed three centre-backs since Boehly and co took over in the form of Kalidou Koulibaly, Wesley Fofana and Benoit Badiashile, while the former Monaco man has recently formed a strong partnership with Silva in the heart of the defence. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap Trevoh Chalobah has remained at the club while Levi Colwill could be back in the squad next season upon his return from a loan at Brighton. Despite the vast number of defensive options at Potter’s disposal the defenders would likely benefit from Silva’s presence in the squad next season. Speaking to ESPN Brasil, Silva explained that a new deal could be on the horizon: “We are negotiating [a new deal] Everything will probably happen in the next few days. My intention, and that of the club as well, is to stay together. I know that the club needs me right now. “I am here to be able to help, they are young players, anyway. I know that, with my experience, I can help in this process of rebuilding the club, I'm here for that, willing to do this, however, I know that my responsibility is very great.”