Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal have been described as ‘super flashy’ by former Olympic champion Monica Puig, as she sung the praises of Andy Murray. Federer and Nadal make up two thirds of tennis’ famous ‘big three’ alongside fellow great Novak Djokovic. One man who often challenged this though was Murray, with many within the sport claiming tennis’ big three was in fact a big four with the inclusion of the Brit. Whilst Murray never enjoyed the prolonged success of Federer, Nadal and Djokovic, he was no doubt a force to be reckoned with in his prime. One player who believes the former world No. 1 does belong alongside the best is Puerto Rican star Puig. She told Sky Sports: “While he was in 'the big four' they kind of underrated him a little bit because he was the one who was very consistent. "He didn't have anything super flashy like Federer or Nadal had but he was always there and he was always in that top four. He was always pushing. He was one of these people that when you would go on the court, you would expect a battle. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic fired Andy Murray Wimbledon warning "You know that he's not going to give you any free points. He's going to make you work for everything. Mentally, he's going to show you that he's always there and that's one of his best qualities." The thorn in the side of Murray’s career has been his injury woes, with the Brit often struggling with his fitness, thus hampering his time at the top of the sport. Puig however believes his mentality has made the former world No. 1 the player he is today. DON'T MISSWu Yibing sets rankings record after becoming first Chinese tennis player to win a titleRoger Federer sparks theories among tennis fans with ATP yet to confirm Swiss' retirementWimbledon and French Open make U-turn as significant tennis rule change approved She went on: “It doesn't matter about your level - how you feel physically. You put in the work and you will see the rewards afterwards and I feel that he is doing that really well. We do not know how many more years he's going to play but he's making every moment that he steps onto the court count. "He definitely has a very strong character and I feel that he is mentally very, very tough. He won two Olympic gold medals in a row, he won the US Open and he won Wimbledon twice.”