Arsene Wenger showed very little sympathy for Manchester City when quizzed on their financial dealings in an interview back in 2020. The legendary former Arsenal boss was asked about the situation involving City at the time which saw them banned from European competition for two years by UEFA over alleged rule breaches, although this was eventually overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) following a successful appeal. City again find themselves facing a highly uncertain future after they were accused of an unprecedented number of Financial Fair Play rule breaches by the Premier League after a four-year investigation, which followed the publication of leaked emails by German outlet Der Spiegel back in 2018. Wenger insisted three years ago that any club found guilty of bending the rules should be dealt with accordingly and showed no sympathy for City, who bought a number of his players at Arsenal during his time in charge at the Emirates Stadium."They bought all my players! I think this is a big question, you know, I think sport is basically to win by respecting the rules," said Wenger at the Laureus Awards in 2020. "That's what it is about. We celebrate the best in every sport but we want to know that they respect the rules."If there is no respect for the rules then it's not real sport, so that's what I think is the most important. The rules exist and you have to respect them. Once you go into a competition, it means you sign that you will adhere to the competition by respecting the rules. JUST IN: Arsenal could lose Ethan Nwaneri to Chelsea as spending to continue "I was always for control over financial rules and that clubs work with the natural income they have, the rules that have been created. I'm convinced that at the moment there is evolution to be made in the way the rules are at the moment, but they are what they are and you have to respect them."The people who don't respect them are caught by trying to get around the rules in more or less legal ways [and] have to be punished. If it's proven that this has been done on purpose you cannot let that go unpunished." Wenger went on to explain that lucrative financial outlays are crucial for clubs to be successful at every level of the game, which in turn highlights the importance of sticking to the rules in order to avoid being rightfully sanctioned."More or less the table is always linked with the amount of money clubs have, the turnover of the clubs," added Wenger. "It has always historically been exactly the same. You could go through the history and it's the richest clubs who win the championships."I think this trend has become stronger compared to 20 or 30 years ago because there is a huge interest in the best, everybody wants to watch the best teams. The best teams have become richer and the difference to the smaller teams has become bigger. That's why I believe we see what we see, the structure is nearly established and all of us could predict a little bit what could happen in every league." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.