Nikki Haley will make a "special announcement" on February 15 after hinting at challenging Donald Trump in the Republican Party's upcoming primary election contest. Sources close to the ex-UN Ambassador have said Haley will soon kick-off her 2024 campaign in what would make her just the second Grand Old Party (GOP) candidate to enter the race. The 51-year-old would join her ex-boss on the ballot but the number of candidates is expected to increase, with Florida Governor Ron DeSantis also considering a bid. Haley's event will start at 11am (4pm GMT) on February 15 at a venue in Charleston, South Carolina. The Palmetto State is expected to host one of the first Republican nominating primaries in 2024, making it a significant destination for candidates to build momentum. Trump was in Columbia on January 28 as he unveiled his South Carolina leadership team. JUST IN: Give them the planes! Boris urges US to equip Ukraine with 'tools' to defeat Putin's army  However, Haley and fellow primary contender Senator Tim Scott snubbed an invitation to attend the ex-POTUS' event. Haley's announcement also coincided with Trump claiming he will end Russia's war with Ukraine in 24 hours if he is returned to the Oval Office. The 76-year-old said: "If I were President, the Russia-Ukraine war would never have happened, never in a million years. "But even now, if I were President, I'd be able to negotiate an end to this horrible and rapidly escalating war within 24 hours."   Haley, who also served as South Carolina Governor between 2011 and 2017, previously hinted at launching her own White House bid during an interview with Fox News. However, while Trump has slammed Republican rival DeSantis over his potential bid, the 45th POTUS seems somewhat relaxed about taking on Haley. Speaking to reporters on Saturday, Trump recounted: "She called me and said she'd like to consider it, and I said, 'you should do it'." DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] He added: "I talked to her for a while. I said, 'Look, you know, go by your heart if you want to run'." A recent Morning Consult opinion poll suggested Haley is languishing behind in fourth place among current GOP contenders on just three percent of the vote. The survey indicated Trump remains the frontrunner, with 48 percent support. DeSantis sits in second-place on 31 percent and ex-Vice President is in a distant-third with seven percent. A separate Trafalgar Group poll even revealed Haley is fourth place among South Carolinians, with Scott leapfrogging her into third. 