Manchester United star Antony was absent as his side were held to a 2-2 Premier League draw by Leeds on Wednesday night. However, footage uploaded by the club shows he was in attendance for the match at Old Trafford. And the Samba star sported a fresh crop of dyed blonde hair as he sunk in the atmosphere during the contest. Ten Hag confirmed before United’s match with Leeds that Antony, as well as Anthony Martial and Scott McTominay, would miss the game. And the Dutchman also refused to put a timeline on a return, saying: "I don’t know. I don’t think it is a long time but we have to see how it develops in the coming days. "It is in his leg, but I can’t specify. You will understand that." United have since uploaded footage of Antony watching the game at Old Trafford, despite being sidelined through injury. And the Brazil international was seen sporting freshly dyed blonde hair. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Antony has regularly bleached his hair since moving from Ajax back in the summer transfer window. The forward sported a darker look just days previously as his side battled their way to a 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace. And United missed the 22-year-old against Leeds, with Alejandro Garnacho toiling in his absence. There’s still no guarantee Antony will return for the reverse fixture, too, which is due to take place at Elland Road on Sunday (2pm). But Ten Hag will want his side to improve after seeing them drop two crucial points in their bid to return to the Champions League. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit "We knew before how we were going to play, in a matter of attitude, a matter of style,” the 53-year-old said after the game. “But you have to be ready. “You have to read that game, anticipate it right, you have to win the battles. “And that is for everyone to take the responsibility and win the individual battles, then you win this game. “We are not playing against the fans [at Elland Road]. You are playing the XI on the pitch. “We have to be ready - not like today. We have to learn the lesson." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag also bemoaned United’s poor start to the game, insisting the Red Devils shot themselves in the foot by falling 2-0 down. "Very poor. It's unacceptable. You start any game, but especially a derby, the way we did,” said the furious Dutchman. “We were down and had to fight back. We made big mistakes. That's to do with attitude. “We were not ready to go into the duels. We lose the duels and the formation was also bad at the start. “When we lost the ball, we didn't follow the principles and were quickly down. And, from the warning in the first half, the second half was the same. "The players know we have to move. It wasn't necessary [Pascal] Struijk wins the ball there and he had to get away, with our movements we have to force them to stay low. “That's not right. We have to live with it. “It still doesn't mean it has to be a goal. We have to keep Gnonto on the left side and not let him come inside."