Tom Brady announced his retirement from the NFL on Wednesday morning, a piece of news that stunned the sporting world. He kept his decision a top secret, and one NFL panel in particular were completely stunned when reporting on the news live. Brady has decided to step away from the NFL for good, after initially teasing us with a temporary retirement last year. The seven-time Super Bowl winner has decided that enough is enough, bringing an end to constant speculation about his future in the league. His announcement caught many off guard, but especially those who were live on TV and bringing NFL fans the morning news. ESPN's morning Get Up show was no different, as host Mike Greenberg scrambled to deliver the major breaking news just seconds after being told Brady had declared his retirement. There was an eerie silence in the studio, as the remaining pundits digested the news. "Major breaking news, within the last moment - and you are finding this out as I am... I am being told in my ear that Tom Brady has announced he is retiring from football, for good," a shocked Greenberg said. "He tweeted out a video in which he says that." Greenberg was shocked, as was the rest of the panel and also the viewers of the show. The host did his best to get the information across as it was unfolding, and those around him were stunned into silence. Brady did a good job at keeping the information to himself, and it proved to be true that only the quarterback himself knew what his next step was going to be. And it seemed as though Brady woke up this morning with his mind made up, and rather than dragging out the announcement, he decided to film a quick video and put it out there. "I'll get to the point right away. I'm retiring. For good," Brady said in the emotional video released on Wednesday. "I know the process was a pretty big deal last time so I woke up this morning I figured I'd just press record and let you guys know first so, it won't be long winded. "You only get one super emotional retirement essay and I used mine up last year, so really thank you guys so much for supporting me. My family, my friends, my teammates, my competitors - I could go on forever, there's too many. "Thank you guys for allowing me to live my absolute dream. I wouldn't change a thing. Love you all."