Vanessa Feltz's partner, Ben Ofoedu, has finally addressed claims of cheating during the couple's 16 year relationship, admitting the latest incident was sexting a fan. The Phats and Small singer said he has "betrayed" the family's trust. Ben, 50, admitted that he slept with an older woman three times after meeting her in Ibiza, describing the dalliance as a "chore".  The singer revealed how fiancée Vanessa forgave him after he had sex three times with an older woman. Revealing the affair on the Spanish isle Ibiza for the first time, he says it was “just sex – and a chore”. READ MORE: Jane Moore on Vanessa Feltz's 'greatest revenge' after her own split The couple were able to patch up their relationship but admitted he had "broken her trust" after he later sex-texted one woman and flirted with another. He told the Sunday Mirror: “I’ve broken her trust. She gave me another chance. I’ve gone and destroyed that.” Ben added that he is "appalled" by his behaviour and there has been a lot of "pain" in the family. Speaking about his fling with an older woman, he said: "I met her on the gig scene. She was the same age as Vanessa, possibly older. She took a shine to me, said lots of nice things.  "Over a short period of time we had sex three times. It was purely sexual, there were no feelings involved. It felt like a chore. I just fell back into it with her to keep her sweet and everything under wraps." Ben explained that he had become "insecure" about his relationship with Vanessa, 60, about her reluctance to get married. The singer said he has been doing lots of soul searching since Vanessa split with him three weeks ago and he has since been living with a church friend in London. His comments come after it was reported Vanessa allegedly learned of her ex-fiancé cheating on Christmas Day when his lover trolled her daughter online. DON'T MISS... Stacey Solomon has welcomed her beautiful baby girl with husband Joe[LATEST]Holly Willoughby almost spilled out of dress in sensational photos[PICTURES]Maya Jama and Ashley Roberts lead scantily-clad stars at Brit Awards[AWARDS] Vanessa's daughter Allegra Kurer told how the family was devastated to learn of Ben's alleged behaviour. Allegra, 37, and her younger sister Saskia, 34, received the awful messages over the festive period and knew they had to tell their mother. She said: "It was on Christmas Day, of all days. We were all together as a family, but Ben was away in pantomime, when the messages appeared via Instagram. "Until that moment we were having a really lovely time, the children were having a lovely time, so for us to just receive that via a social media account was the most dreadful shock. "It was anonymous, and of course, it revealed lots that we didn't know — but it was also very abusive and extremely hurtful," she told The Sun. Express.co.uk has previously contacted Ben Ofoedu's representatives for comment. Ben and Vanessa have been together since 2005 and made regular appearances together both on-screen and in magazines. Vanessa revealed that they had broken up last Saturday. She said: "I had thought it might take a bit longer before this came out because it’s a lot to deal with — a shock like this takes some adjusting to — but I am extremely sad and disappointed that my 16-year relationship with Ben is over." Confirming their split to The Sun on Sunday, Vanessa added: "Who knew I’d be single at 60? “However, ladies, it’s onwards and upwards and I firmly believe that the best is yet to come."