Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 38, tied the knot at Windsor Castle in front of an estimated 29.2 million royal fans. From the Duchess of Sussex's breathtaking bridal dress designed by Clare Waight Keller, to a spellbinding performance of Stand By Me by a gospel choir, every detail of the Duke and Duchess' nuptials was meticulously planned to perfection.  Catering at royal weddings is typically a rather fanciful affair. At Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip's wedding, guests were served croquette of confit Windsor lamb with roasted vegetables and shallot jam. Kate Middleton and Prince William delighted their attendees with Saddle of North Highland Mey Select organic lamb, Highgrove spring vegetables, English asparagus, Jersey Royal potatoes and sauce Windsor. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's nuptials were no different. Their star-studded guestlist, which included the likes of Victoria and David Beckham, Elton John, and Serena Williams, were treated to seasonal canapes and Champagne, pea and mint risotto and ten-hour slow-roasted Windsor pork belly. READ MORE: Kate and William’s closest royal friends is another couple   However, their intimate evening reception at Frogmore House was where the real party started. Metro reported at the time that a "huge" delivery of Pizza Express pizzas was delivered to Windsor Castle at 7pm. This was believed to have fed Harry and Meghan's 200 closest friends and family as they danced until the early hours. It's not clear whether the pizzas were delivered due to a problem with the originally-planned catering or if they were ordered for the staff.   Either way, it's highly unlikely the late Queen Elizabeth II welcomed the menu change - having never tried a slice of pizza in her life. Her Late Majesty's former royal chef previously said: “In the years that I cooked at [Buckingham] palace, the Queen never had pizza”. Behavioural expert Darren Stanton has analysed the Royal family's preferred food choices, including that of Harry and Meghan. He said: “In recent years, it’s reported Harry has ditched junk food, including pizza, and is now embracing the Californian lifestyle by eating healthier foods, like plenty of fruit, and sipping on green smoothies. READ MORE: Zara Tindall exercises for 'eight hours a day' for perfect weight loss  "Meghan, meanwhile, dines on pastas and plenty of parmesan cheese, especially homemade dishes she can conjure up herself in the kitchen, the recipes of which she previously shared on her blog. "Meghan seems quite adventurous and she displays this during the time she spends in the kitchen, she’s passionate about creating and trying out different meals - showing she is open to new opportunities and change. “Conscious of the food she eats and wanting to adopt a healthier lifestyle, like many in California, it’s said Meghan eats both vegan and gluten-free meals during the week. "At the weekend, she’s happy to push the boat out and indulge in things she would usually avoid - this ability to relax typical habits demonstrates her ability to be flexible and have fun while still maintaining discipline.  "This idea lends itself to her personality where Meghan has a sense of seriousness about her, but at the same time is not afraid to let her hair down - and we see snippets of this when she is pictured laughing and joking alongside Harry. “Harry’s change in diet could be indicative of Meghan’s influence on him within their relationship to be more adventurous. "Despite moving Stateside, however, Harry still longs for a touch of tradition and is said to love a Sunday roast, with him and Meghan often cooking a roasted chicken together. "A typically British dish, not only is this reflective of a home connection he still holds dear, suggesting he misses parts of his life back in the UK, but also signifies how Harry chases feelings of nostalgia too.” 