Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been tipped to "opt out" of King Charles III's Coronation to avoid being sidelined. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex last joined the Royal Family during the late Queen's funeral in September, an experience author Christopher Andersen claimed has left them still "licking their wounds." Express.co.uk confirmed earlier this month the King has had the couple added to the guest list for the Coronation but they have yet to confirm they will attend. Andersen said: "It's increasingly beginning to look as if Harry and Meghan might well opt out of the Coronation. "There are genuine security concerns, to be sure, and then there is the prospect of the Sussexes being roundly booed. "Harry and Megan are still licking their wounds over having been sidelined during the Queen's funeral. "It's highly doubtful that they would be willing to face the prospect of that sort of public humiliation again, particularly on Archie's birthday." JUST IN: Camilla chooses Diana's favourite designer for Coronation as they have 'close friendship' The Duke and Duchess of Sussex experienced criticism during their return to the UK to mark the late Queen's Jubilee celebrations last summer. As the couple arrived at St Paul's Cathedral to attend the service in honour of Her late Majesty, members of the public could be heard booing Harry and Meghan. Andersen also warned the couple cannot expect to be welcomed warmly by the Royal Family after levelling a series of vitriolic allegations at the institution since stepping down. Prince Harry also widely spoke of his difficult relationship with Prince William in his memoir Spare. READ MORE: Royal Family went against age-old mantra to show support for Ukraine  The royal author told Fox News Digital: "The fracture has been seismic, particularly in light of Harry's scathing attacks on his brother in Spare. "Harry and Meghan can't possibly imagine that William and Kate will greet him with open arms, or at this point even pretend to regard the Sussexes with anything other than chilly disdain." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have faced extensive criticism for their conduct towards the Royal Family since they announced they would step down from their royal duty in 2020. The royals have so far refused to comment on any of the allegations Harry and Meghan weighed against them. And the King is believed to be working on rekindling his relationship with his youngest son. DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home [LATEST]Harry and William compared to feuding Oasis brothers by Boy George [REVEAL]Harry won't have liked being accused of 'boasting' of Taliban kills [INSIGHT] Harry has also expressed his desire to have Charles and William "back" in his life despite his criticism of the pair. Asked whether he would attend his father's Coronation last year, the Duke said: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But the door is always open. "The ball is in their court… There’s a lot to be discussed, and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it." The Coronation is scheduled to take place on May 6, 2023 at Westminster Abbey. The day will also mark the fourth birthday of the King's youngest grandson, Archie. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews