You may think your mattress is clean and in good condition, however, your mattress actually needs to be thoroughly cleaned twice a year to keep it in the best condition. We actually spent a third of our lives sleeping so giving mattresses a thorough clean will help keep our sleeping environment fresh and clean. Some of the most common nasties that can accumulate on mattresses include dead skin cells, sweat, oil, make-up, moisturisers and tiny dust mites. Dust mites are rarely seen with the naked eye but some people can be allergic to them. Signs of a dust mite allergy include sneezing and a runny nose. Dust mites are close relatives of ticks and spiders and eat the skin cells shed by humans. They also love warm, humid environments which is why mattresses, bedding and carpets are ideal homes for them. If you're concerned about dust mites, allergies or the cleanliness of your mattress, fear not, sleep expert, Alison Jones at leading mattress company Sealy, has provided her top tips on how, when and why you should clean your mattress exclusively with Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Easiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’ Give your mattress a deep clean every six months to remove dirt and dust that accumulates. Make sure you get right underneath the bed sheets and any other bedding to remove dust and dirt. Spot checks should be carried out more regularly, however, when changing sheets or spilling something on the mattress to avoid unsightly stains and unpleasant odours. If you suffer from allergies, your mattress will need cleaning more frequently to get rid of any triggers like dust mites and dust. To reduce sneezing and runny nose, choose a hypoallergenic mattress. Alison said: "Check your mattress instructions first, but you can treat stains with natural cleaning products - baking soda (also known as bicarbonate of soda), salt, lemon juice, and water mixed together to form a paste. DON'T MISSEasiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’ [INSIGHT]Lawn job to do ‘now’ to ‘save time’ come spring - avoids ‘dying’ grass [UPDATE]Paving expert shares 4 common items to ‘avoid’ cleaning slabs with [ANALYSIS] "Let it sit for 30 minutes before wiping away with a damp cloth. Equal parts water and white vinegar in a spray bottle can be used to spot treat odours - blot the area with a clean towel until the area smells fresh. "Natural oils, such as lavender and rosemary, can also be used to add delicate floral notes to your bed and encourage sleep." When it comes to your mattress - a place where you're sleeping most nights of the week - natural is always the best bet. Alison suggested opting for "natural cleaning products and solutions – most of which you can find in your kitchen cupboards". READ MORE: 4p kitchen staple to clean your ‘entire’ washing machine in 5 minutes Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Natural cleaning products and solutions will be kinder to your health, especially your skin as you sleep on your mattress, breathing in chemicals all night. Keep your mattress in good condition by rotating and flipping it once every three to six months. This will prevent germs and dust mites from settling in the base and building up over time. This can also significantly improve your mattress lifespan so it’s definitely worth doing. Check your mattress instructions first as some aren’t designed to be flipped or rotated, such as pillow tops. Making your bed each morning might sound like common sense but there's also a practical reason behind this everyday chore. Making your bed every day stretches your bedding out, exposing dust mites to daylight and clean air and killing them. When bedding is left in a ball, it provides an environment in which dust mites will thrive and can eventually leave a stale smell on your bed.