Despite concerns about the charging infrastructure and increased electricity costs, drivers have revealed their commitment to an electric future as majority of those planning to switch confirm they will do so before the 2030 deadline. An AA/Yonder poll of 13,068 drivers showed three-quarters already drive an EV (two percent) or plan to do so in the future (73 percent). Of those who are planning to switch, the majority (67 percent) plan to do so before the ban on new petrol and diesel cars come into force in 2030. The keenest drivers, who want to switch within the next two years (five percent), equates to around 1.8 million drivers. Young drivers are the most committed to an electric future, with 88 percent saying they will switch at some point. On the other hand, drivers aged over 65 are the most likely to say they will never switch (32 percent). READ MORE: Major new driving law changes launching in February 2023 Edmund King, AA president, highlighted how drivers were starting to adapt to electric vehicles, especially with net zero targets coming up. He said: “There’s a growing awareness among drivers of the changes the 2030 ban on new petrol and diesel cars will bring about in the general driving fleet. “Even if drivers want to hold off for more than a year or two, our figures clearly show the vast majority have accepted their driving future will be electric. “It is absolutely vital drivers are supported to make this change as early on as possible.” DON'T MISSTraffic chaos expected as train strikes bring country to a standstill [WARNING]Petrol and diesel prices begin to spike and could continue to rise [SHOCKING]Switching from diesel to EVs could save drivers almost £10k a year [INSIGHT] Despite concerns about the charging infrastructure and increased electricity costs, drivers have revealed their commitment to an electric future as majority of those planning to switch confirm they will do so before the 2030 deadline. Many young drivers are now choosing to learn in an electric vehicle, a trend which is reflected in the rise of learners taking the automatic driving test. In 2021 and 2022 there was the highest recorded number of automatic tests taken, with 242,713 attempts and a pass rate of 41.7 percent. The previous highest annual total of automatic tests conducted was 202,506 in 2029 and 2020. READ MORE: ULEZ scrappage scheme is 'good example' as drivers can access EVs Mr King continued, saying that electric cars helps learner drivers, giving them a good understanding and working knowledge of these vehicles. He added: “After that, there needs to be financially viable ways for people to afford electric vehicles, whether that’s through ownership, leasing, or finance. “For all electric car drivers there needs to be a widespread, reliable and affordable charging infrastructure which is accessible to everyone. “For those without home-charging, we need to see a cut in VAT on on-street charging to make it more equitable and affordable.” Edmund King warned that without changes to the charging infrastructure, the risk is that more people will change their minds. If this were to happen, it could lead to a larger number of people hanging onto their older combustion engine cars long past the 2030 deadline. Sales of new petrol and diesel cars will be banned from 2030, with a similar ban affecting hybrid vehicles coming in five years later. The AA Driving School introduced electric vehicles onto its fleet in March 2022.