Dusting can be a tiresome job, especially when cleaning a whole house. However, keeping on top of it can reduce airborne allergies and help a number of health issues including asthma and irritated eyes. There are some houseplants however, which can help collect dust from the home on their leaves, as well as remove toxins from the air. According to research by NASA, certain houseplants can help to reduce dust levels in the home by as much as 20 percent. They work by capturing dust particles in the air and trapping them on their leaves, leaving it up to the owners to clean and wipe their houseplants regularly. Houseplants don’t recycle the dust themselves, so it is important to remember to clean the leaves with a damp cloth to allow them to photosynthesise and thrive. The gorgeous peace lily, known for its white flowers, is on NASA’s list of 10 top air cleaning plants which can help remove airborne toxins. READ MORE: ‘Concerned’ property expert shares six energy saving ‘myths’ to avoid This includes benzene, formaldehyde, ethylene and ammonia. This houseplant works best at keeping rooms dust-free if the soil is exposed to the air which helps pollutants absorbed straight into the soil. Zach Morgan, a horticulturist and gardening expert at Fantastic Gardeners explained: “This reduces dust in the room and can remove any irritants to your eyes, nose and mouth. “The peace lily takes a little more effort to keep happy as it requires morning sunlight only, frequent misting and damp soil. “Keep in mind that it’s also toxic to pets. Peace lilies are great for improving your work-life balance as they remove toxins that can cause stress.” DON'T MISS:Steps to sow tomato seeds successfully - key temperature [COMMENT]Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ [INSIGHT]Kitchen expert shares simple’ changes to make for huge savings [EXPLAINER] According to experts, all varieties of ivy are effective at removing dust from the air, but the most popular type is often the English ivy. This houseplant can be grown in a hanging planter, great for those with smaller spaces prone to condensation and mould. Zach continued: “This is a plant that’s really easy to care for. It’s especially great if you often dye your hair at home because English ivy is said to reduce levels of chemicals that can be found in many salon products. “It’s also a great plant for the bathroom because it’s said to remove mould. However, English ivy is toxic to cats and dogs so if you have pets, make sure it’s completely out of their reach. READ MORE: Houseplant expert shares how to ‘encourage’ orchids to ‘repeat bloom’ “Give it a generous amount of water and at least a few hours of direct sunlight daily. It should also be able to thrive at lower levels of sunlight.” The snake plant is another really easy plant to take care of due to it being a succulent which makes it a popular houseplant amongst beginners. By releasing oxygen and adding moisture to the air, snake plants can help lessen the impact of airborne allergens such as dust and dander. It is also an ideal bedroom plant as it continues to produce oxygen at night, helping Britons to breathe and sleep better. It is thought that a spider plant can eliminate close to 90 percent of toxins in a room within just two days. It can help to absorb mould and other allergens as well as formaldehyde. Zach said: “It prefers lots of bright, indirect sunlight and it’s great if you have pets because it’s not toxic and very resilient. Just make sure to water it a few times a week. “According to studies, spider plants are great at getting rid of formaldehyde from the air, so they can help you cleanse the air indoors by keeping them close to your workspace. It’s also said to remove carbon monoxide and xylene.” They can absorb nitrogen dioxide effectively too, helping to keep the air clean and fresh. This houseplant also grows spiderettes too, which owners can snip off, repot and gift to friends and family for free.