A collection of newspaper articles covering the disappearance of Nicola Bulley is being sold on eBay for £40. The mum-of-two, 45, went missing shortly after dropping her children off at school on January 27. Her dog Willow was found running free near a bench where her mobile phone had been placed. An urgent search was launched, which came to a tragic end when her body was found in the River Wyre, Lancashire on February 19. The case generated enormous media attention - and newspaper articles and front pages from that period are now being sold as a haul online. The eBay description reads: "For sale a large collection of whole page daily newspapers with regarding the mysterious disappearance of NICOLA BULLEY. "I often collect newspapers relating to mysterious incidents as it can be a great aid to the memory when it comes to solving these types of incidents. "Newspaper reports are very often collected by the police involved in such cases." The listing is scheduled to end at just after 12pm on Sunday (26/2). No bids have been made at the time of writing. The opening of an inquest into her death was told on Wednesday that Ms Bulley was identified by her dental records. Preston Coroner's Court was told maxillofacial surgeon Andrew Ian Edwards had examined the mortgage adviser's dental records, obtained by police from her dental surgery. JUST IN: Priti Patel demands Nicola Bulley detectives face independent inquiry Speaking at the opening of the inquest into the mother-of-two's death, senior coroner Dr James Adeley said: "He examined the body that was located in the River Wyre near Rawcliffe Road in St Michael's on Wyre at 2.15pm on February 20." Dr Adeley said the surgeon found restorative work carried out was identical. He added: "I am satisfied on the balance of probabilities, and more, that positive identification has been made." The hearing, which lasted about five minutes, was not attended by Ms Bulley's partner Paul Ansell or any other family. Dr Adeley said: "The family have been informed of the date, time and place of the opening of the inquest and have chosen not to attend for reasons I can quite understand." DON'T MISSHeartbroken Nicola Bulley's family prepare for final send-off [COMMENTS]Investigation launched into welfare check on Nicola Bulley [LATEST]Nicola Bulley's identity revealed by dental records, inquest told [REPORT] He said remaining evidence gathered by police and the post-mortem examination required "further evaluation" and a full inquest was likely to be held in June, once availability of a Home Office pathologist had been checked. In a press conference on Monday, Lancashire Police described the investigation into her disappearance as "hugely complex and highly emotional". However, it did not address the widespread criticism it had received for releasing some aspects of Ms Bulley's private life into the public domain. Ms Bulley's family said in a statement on Monday that they can let her "rest now" following the discovery of her remains. The seller and eBay have been approached for comment.