Chelsea boss Graham Potter has opened up on WhatsApp conversations he has had with Antonio Conte ahead of Sunday's match at Tottenham. The pair exchanged messages during Potter's time in charge of former club Brighton. Chelsea head to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium having won just one of their last 10 matches in all competitions. Potter is under huge pressure but still has the backing of owner Todd Boehly for the time being. Conte will not be at the match as he continues to recover from gallbladder surgery in Italy. But Potter has had some kind words to say about the 53-year-old. Conte's Spurs played Potter's Brighton three times last season, winning twice. Potter revealed the Italian gave him some words of advice following the games Tottenham won. He said: "[The advice] was about doing your best today and not necessarily thinking too much about the future or the past. It was something that was on his WhatsApp message. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Arteta makes complaint over players after Leicester win  "It was when they beat us. He didn’t send any when we’d won. I spoke to him at Brighton and we have had conversations - and kept contact from a distance. "He’s someone I’ve admired a lot as a coach and, then, when you meet him, he’s a gentleman. He has the passion but has always been good to me. "Antonio has had an amazing career. I have huge respect for him as a coach – and, also, as a man, I really like him." Potter has faced criticism from Chelsea supporters for not showing passion on the touchline. That is something that cannot be levelled at Conte wherever he has been during his managerial career. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdGlazer risks huge Man Utd backlash by 'communicating wish' before finalMia Khalifa sent Karius a message as Newcastle star prepares for cup final  Potter has no problem with how Conte acts but insists he has no intention of changing how he behaves. Asked if he admires Conte's behaviour, Potter said: "Absolutely, yes - because he is himself. "I don’t look down on him in any way. Anyone who is different to me, I don’t think, ‘Oh, I’m better than them’, because that totally isn’t true. "The best person to be Antonio Conte is Antonio Conte. The best person to be Graham Potter is Graham Potter. That’s how I see it. "Everyone is different and you can’t help who you are. But it isn’t nice when people start to criticise you for being you because I can’t help being me." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 