Los Angeles Lakers general manager Rob Pelinka expressed dismay at the Brooklyn Nets after they rejected his offer for star guard Kyrie Irving. The 30-year-old was named an NBA All-Star starter for the game in Salt Lake City later this month due to his impressive performances throughout the 2022/23 season. Irving sent shockwaves through the NBA when he requested a trade after failing to agree a contract extension with the Nets. The Lakers were expected to be in the mix to land Irving as the iconic franchise attempt to take advantage of LeBron James' exceptional form. The Lakers fanbase - along with James - desperately wanted to see some moves made by the front office in order to improve the team and try to maximise James’ twilight years. Irving spent three seasons with James at the Cleveland Cavaliers and won his only NBA title alongside the veteran - who surpassed Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s atop the all-time scoring charts last week - in 2016. Despite the Lakers being frontrunners to move for Irving, the Dallas Mavericks completed a blockbuster move to pair him with Luka Doncic. Pelinka has now addressed the frustrations at the NBA Trade Deadline, although the Lakers made other moves to strengthen their roster. Speaking to Greg Beacham of the Associated Press, Pelinka said: “Doing trades is a lot like the LA house market. You can’t buy houses that aren’t listed. READ MORE: Michael Jordan speaks out after LeBron James breaks NBA record “The last thing you want to do in the house market is overpay or spend all of your time and energy on a house that someone doesn’t want to sell.” Nets owner Joe Tsai reportedly preferred not to work with the Lakers on a move as that was Irving’s preference. The Lakers allegedly offered former MVP Russell Westbrook as well as a first round pick for Irving, while the Mavericks ended up sending Spencer Dinwiddie, Dorian Finney-Smith, a 2029 first-round pick and two second-round picks to Brooklyn. As well as Westbrook and the draft selection, the Nets demanded another first round choice and both Austin Reaves and Max Christie in any prospective deal. The Lakers front office seem to value the young duo, and Pelinka believes his team were tactical during the NBA Trade Deadline. DON'T MISS Los Angeles Lakers in talks for monster trade to answer James demandBrooklyn Nets have already identified Kyrie Irving replacementKyrie Irving responds after deleting apology over antisemitic film “If you really study the contracts of these five players, we very intentionally planned these moves to provide optionality in July,” Pelinka told the O.C. Register. “Some of these players have team options or team-controlled years on their contract, which, again, gives us the ability to see how these last 26 regular-season games and how potential postseason games go. “And then we can go into this offseason with a higher collection of data points, and sort of a real-time analysis of how the pieces fit and make decisions for the future.”  They may have missed out on Irving, but the Lakers still enjoyed a successful NBA Trade Deadline. The franchise may move to pick up star veterans on the buyout market, including both John Wall and Kevin Love - who was also part of that champion Cavaliers team. The 26-32 Lakers face the New Orleans Pelicans in their next game on Wednesday night. The 30-28 Pelicans sit in the seventh seed of the Western Conference, while the Lakers are languishing down in 13th.