Nicolo Zaniolo and his family are reportedly prepared to sue his own club Roma after the Italian failed to secure a transfer away from the Serie A side on transfer deadline day. The winger was at the centre of a transfer saga as he was linked with moves to AC Milan, Leeds, Everton and Bournemouth but ultimately remained at the club where he had been frozen out. Zaniolo is not expected to play under Jose Mourinho for the remainder of the season and anticipates that a transfer will take place in the summer, having been threatened by the club ultras on Sunday night which prompted him to return to his hometown La Spezia. The 23-year-old has not been training with the club and expected a transfer to Bournemouth, as he made a U-turn on their offer after initially turning Gary O’Neil’s side down. The Cherries were the only team to match Roma’s asking price, but having been rejected by Zaniolo they then spent that money on Hamad Traore from Sassuolo and did not return for Zaniolo. There was late interest from both Leeds and Everton, but a move failed to materialise and the player’s family have blamed Roma for putting pressure on Zaniolo and causing a media storm.  Italian outlet II Messaggero have claimed that there could be a legal dispute on the horizon as Zaniolo’s family are prepared to accuse Roma of mobbing and putting psychological pressure on him. The Assocalciatori, who have the role of assisting players in conflict with their clubs, have also been informed and a pool of lawyers have already been contacted. Zaniolo spoke out and claimed he would continue to give his all for Roma, though admitted that he had felt “scared” at times during the transfer saga. “Many things have been said and written about me in recent weeks and many are not true,” Zaniolo wrote to news agency ANSA. “I arrived in Rome as a stranger and Roma and Romanisti welcomed me as one of them. They gave me confidence, courage and affection in the terrible and dark moments of injuries. In Tirana, with that goal, I felt I had reciprocated everything I had received, helping to give an unforgettable joy to all Romanisti. “In the last few months I have gone through a delicate period, in which it was difficult to understand what my professional future would be. However, I have always applied myself in the field and in training with the utmost professionalism. “For the first time these days I was afraid, for myself and my family, and I felt abandoned. It had never happened to me and I got very scared. The future is in our hands: I stretch mine and I put myself at the complete disposal of the Roma family.”