Manchester United will reportedly ask to sign Barcelona winger Ansu Fati as they look to thrash out two deals with the La Liga club. The Red Devils have been chasing Fati’s Barca team-mate Frenkie de Jong since last year but haven’t yet been able to prise the Netherlands international away from the Nou Camp. United have enjoyed a resurgence under current manager Erik ten Hag and have forced their way into this season’s Premier League title race following a strong run of form. The 53-year-old has benefitted from the arrival of a whole host of star players since taking the helm last year, but clearly has his sights set on more signings in the summer. According to Spanish publication Sport, United see Fati as a priority and are very interested in acquiring his services if Barcelona are willing to enter into discussions and the player is open to a move. The Red Devils have already indicated that they are interested in signing the 20-year-old, but Barca don’t want to listen to offers for him at the moment. However, things could change further down the line as the Catalan giants are aware that they will need to raise some money through sales - and Fati is a player who could net them a prodigious amount of cash. DON'T MISS: Man Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before dramatic turnaround     Fati came through the Barcelona academy and is highly regarded at the club. But he missed the majority of last season through injury and is currently behind Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha and Ousmane Dembele in Xavi’s pecking order. So United could prey on the fact the player has not been a regular starter for his team this season as they try to force a move through. Fati’s agent Jorge Mendes has been accumulating interest in recent months, with several clubs in England keen to sign the player. And Mendes has very good relations in Manchester, which means a move to Old Trafford could well be on the cards. READ MOREChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer      Fati was handed a new contract in October 2021 and currently has a release clause of nearly £900million. But if the youngster gets tired of waiting to play and Barcelona decide to accept a lower offer, his days in Spain could be set to end following the conclusion of this season. United are desperate to sign a top striker this summer as Ten Hag looks to put the final touches to his squad in place. And the same report claims Fati is now said to be ahead of the likes of Harry Kane, Dusan Vlahovic, Victor Osimhen and Benjamin Sesko as the Red Devils’ top target as the 13-time Premier League champions chase a top-tier forward. If United are successful in their attempts to land Fati, they could complete a double deal with Barcelona to get their hands on De Jong as well. The 25-year-old has been reluctant to move to Old Trafford to date, but could change his mind if Fati heads to the club as United are in a much better place than they were last summer. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing! 