Earlier this month, Tony Christie revealed he was living with dementia after being diagnosed two years ago. However, the singer explained to Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster that he vowed to keep on singing and there will be "no walk-offs" on his upcoming tour. As Isabel introduced Tony, who spoke via video link, she said: "Well, now Tony Christie who is approaching his 80th birthday is speaking out about his dementia diagnosis, which he says is not going to hold him back and the show must go on. "Great to hear that message, lovely to see you, thanks for coming on the programme. Nothing's gonna hold you back." "No, nothing at all. There will be no walk-outs on my show," Tony jokingly replied. Eamonn chipped in: "Tony, how are you doing and how is the dementia impacting on you? How's it affecting you?" READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit "Not really, at all," the singer admitted. "It's just one of those things. "I was diagnosed with it about two years ago, and I've been on very strong tablets ever since." "Which has knocked it down and you know, I'm coping with it," he continued as she chatted about his day-to-day life. "It's not really affecting my life. I don't even think about it. "I just carry on with what I do. And that's it," he added. Turning her attention to how music is helping his diagnosis, Isabel said: "We're told that music is a huge help for people who are living with the condition and I suppose that's handy for you because this is your bread and butter." "Absolutely," the 79-year-old agreed. "This is going to be one of my busiest years." The Amarillo hitmaker went on to explain he had a string of tours and TV shows coming up and his dementia wasn't going to hold him back. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [VIDEO]Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'isn't sure' of co-star's replacement [INSIGHT] "It's my 80th birthday in April," he told the hosts. "We're planning tours, we're planning TV shows. "Oh God, we're recording in Nashville, doing two albums during the next two or three months, and then big tours it is just very busy." When asked about the moment he knew something was wrong with his health, Tony shared: "I've done hundreds of songs and to remember them you know you start putting new songs in your show. "And I'm thinking, 'Well I'm not sung that song for 50 years, 60 years. "So I use stuff on stage that I can look down and just remind myself of the lyrics." Dementia is a syndrome (a group of related symptoms) associated with an ongoing decline of brain functioning. There are many different causes of dementia, and many different types. The symptoms include memory loss, judgement, mood, and difficulties in doing daily activities. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.