Jeremy Clarkson, 62, came under fire in recent months for his controversial comments directed towards the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle. IPSO has now launched an investigation into his article. IPSO (The Independent Press Standards Organisation) will be investigating Jeremy's article in The Sun about the Duchess of Sussex. The regulator said it was taking forward complaints from two groups, The Fawcett Society and The Wilde Foundation. They said they were affected by breaches of Clause 1 (Accuracy), Clause 3 (Harassment), and Clause 12 (Discrimination) in the column. The piece received more than 25,100 complaints, with the Clarkson's Farm star releasing a public apology. READ MORE: Fern Britton pines for former family life as she yearns to go back The former Top Gear presenter caused uproar after writing that he dreamt of the day when Meghan was "made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant, ‘Shame!’ and throw lumps of excrement at her". He also said he hated Meghan on a "cellular level". Carol Vorderman, John Bishop, and Kathy Burke were among the celebrities to condemn Jeremy's comments on Twitter. The Grand Tour presenter’s daughter Emily also spoke out against her father.  She wrote on Instagram at the time: "I want to make it clear that I stand against everything my father wrote about Meghan Markle. "I remain standing in support of those that are targeted with online hatred." Jeremy also took to Instagram to share a lengthy statement with his followers, admitting he had written to the Duchess of Sussex to apologise. His statement read: "One of the strange things I’ve noticed in recent times is that whenever an MP or a well-known person is asked to apologise for something, no matter how heartfelt or profound that apology may be, it’s never enough for the people who called for it in the first place. DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz's ex gave her a list of areas to work on prior to split [INSIGHT] Christina Applegate 'didn't look like herself' after MS diagnosis [HEALTH] Salma Hayek Pinault was 'saved' from Hollywood by Adam Sandler [COMMENT] "So I’m going to try and buck the trend this morning with an apology for the things I said in a Sun column recently about Meghan Markle. "I really am sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. "This is me putting my hands up. It's a mea culpa with bells on. (sic) "Usually, I read what I’ve written to someone else before filing, but I was home alone on that fateful day, and in a hurry. "So when I’d finished, I just pressed send. And then, when the column appeared the next day, the land mine exploded." Jeremy admitted he felt "mortified" after seeing the aftermath including his "own" daughter calling him out. A spokesperson released a statement on behalf of Prince Harry and Meghan in relation to Jeremy's email. The couple claimed Jeremy only reached out to Harry with his apology and believed what needed to be addressed was his "long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories, and misogyny". The statement ended: "Unless each of his other pieces were also written "in a hurry", as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate." Sources have since told Variety that Prime Video will no longer be working with the British presenter beyond episodes of The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm that have already been commissioned.