Since the MOT was introduced in 1960 – and especially in recent years – the increased use of electric and hybrid cars is rapidly changing the nature of vehicles on our roads. Currently, there are no battery health checks as part of the MOT test, which the Department for Transport could soon change, after launching a consultation in January. The United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) is carrying out work to consider requirements for accurate battery health monitors in vehicles, which could allow data to be accessible to owners or MOT centres. The DfT said it welcomed views on how the MOT should test the battery of an EV and other questions including whether there would be safety issues for MOT tests dealing with EVs. Sarah Martin, president of Honeywell Sensing and Safety Technologies, commented on the DfT’s consultation, welcoming the focus on battery health. She pointed to the year-on-year sales of electric cars continuing to climb, with global sales doubling in 2021. READ MORE: New ULEZ expansion tax will 'burden' drivers later this year Most of these vehicles use lithium-ion batteries as the energy source, which experts say can pose rare but significant risks including fires. Ms Martin pointed to the risks that people face if they have their cars parked in their garages, as well as shipping companies transporting the cars to their final destination. Sarah Martin added: “Focusing on battery health as part of MOT tests is valuable for ensuring driver safety and the long-term performance of the vehicle. “The cause of fires varies but chief among them is thermal runaway, a phenomenon that causes extremely high temperatures within the battery cell where it no longer functions properly and may eventually lead to vehicle failure, smoke, and fire. DON'T MISSDrivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes [HELPFUL]Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [INSIGHT]Just one charger installed for every 53 electric cars sold last year [SHOCKING “There are a number of factors that may affect the risk of this happening, including internal defects, an external short circuit, or over-charging. “Protecting against thermal runaway in electric vehicle batteries is crucial to helping keep people safe.” In 2021-22 there were more than 550,000 MOT tests on hybrid vehicles and 70,000 tests on electric vehicles. Question 25 of the consultation asks: “Should we explore options for assessing the health of an electric vehicle-specific components, for example, battery, motor?” READ MORE: UK 'needs to move rapidly' with rollout of electric car chargers Sarah Martin continued, saying: “Fortunately, the DfT is correct: data is increasingly available to monitor EV battery health. “Automakers are facing the need to provide lithium-ion batteries that are safe and reliable throughout their lifespan, so they are turning to new solutions for battery health monitoring. “Advancements in sensor technology are providing battery management systems with better quality data that is making it possible to detect the signs of thermal runaway even earlier. “The use of high-accuracy sensors can also provide more data around the health of EV batteries, helping drivers to minimise their risk even as their EV ages.” A report from Allianz Global Corporate and Specialty found the heightened appeal for electric cars may be causing a wave of cargo shop fires because they aren’t designed to carry lithium batteries safely. It highlighted the risk as bigger cargo ships could be carrying as many as 8,000 vehicles at a time, concentrating the risk. Lithium batteries are generally safe, but can heat up and combust if they are faulty. This was the case with the Felicity Ace, a car carrier which caught fire and sank into the Atlantic Ocean in 2022. The vessel was carrying 4,000 Volkswagen vehicles including Porsches and luxury Bentley vehicles. The ship sank to the south of the Azores, with analysts estimating the total loss to be between £271million and £325million. It is unknown whether the fire was caused by an electric vehicle, although the Azorean harbourmaster said lithium-ion batteries had ignited.