Millions of older Britons are living with various health conditions, some brought about by advancing age, while others are long term. One common condition is joint pain, which can be manifest in arthritis - a condition impacting millions of people across the UK in different ways. To help, older Britons may be eligible for a payment known as Attendance Allowance, designed to help those over state pension age living with a health condition or disability. Arthritis is a common condition causing pain and inflammation in a joint - and there is currently no cure. Osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis are perhaps the most common and can cause pain, and discomfort and sometimes limit mobility. Joint pain can have various causes including gout, bursitis, joint infection or arthritis. READ MORE: ‘Furious’ WASPI women ‘dig deep’ for new challenge Sometimes the pain can be long-term and require medical treatment such as steroid injections, painkillers or surgery. With arthritis and joint pain, certain aspects of life can be challenging, so Attendance Allowance could provide important support. The payment is intended to help Britons with extra costs if their condition is severe enough that they need someone to help look after them. However, individuals do not have to have a carer to claim, opening up eligibility to a wider range of people. DON'T MISSBritons urged to check National Insurance for state pension [INSIGHT]State pensioners to receive ‘biggest ever cash increase’ [UPDATE]Pensioners warned many are ‘in the dark’ about £3,500 income boost [LATEST] Those who do have a carer could find the person is entitled to Carer’s Allowance if the individual they are looking after has substantial caring needs. The rates of Attendance Allowance are changing, and just like the state pension and Pension Credit, there will be a 10.1 percent rise. This is a valuable boost for those in receipt of Attendance Allowance which will apply to both the higher and lower rate. The higher rate of the payment will rise from £92.40 per week to £101.75 weekly. The lower rate will be raised from £61.85 to £68.10. This means those in receipt of the higher rate should expect to receive some £407 monthly to help with their needs. Which rate a person receives is dependent on the level of care they need because of their disability or health condition. To apply for Attendance Allowance, Britons will need to submit the dedicated claim form by post. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The form will come with notes telling a person how it should be filled in. The completed form can then be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance, and a postcode or stamp is not required. Attendance Allowance can typically be backdated to the date of someone’s claim. This is usually the date a form is received, or the date the person called the enquiry line, as long as the claim pack is returned within six weeks.