NCIS season 20 has been the first full season without Agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) leading the way. Thast has almost completely changed from when it first began with just Agent Timothy McGee (played by Sean Murray) and historian Donald "Ducky" Mallard (David McCallum) still in the drama. Series 20 is more than halfway through with fans already excited for the next instalment to come out. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. NCIS season 20 aired its 15th episode, Unusual Suspects, on Monday, February 27, on CBS. The instalment paid closer attention to Agent Alden Parker's (Gary Cole) personal life as his dad Roman Parker (Francis McCarthy) is temporarily living with him. While the agent thought of his father as a hindrance, he was actually able to help out with the team's latest investigation. The pair ended the episode on a good note, with more of a mutual understanding of one another. READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series Typically, NCIS comes out with a new episode every Monday night on CBS in the USA. However, fans will be disappointed to learn this won't be the case next week as the drama won't be back for episode 16. The network hasn't come out with an exact reason for the delay so it could simply be part of a planned schedule to break up the series over the next few months. And there isn't too long to wait before the show does return for more action. It will be just a one-week break away as NCIS season 20 will release episode 16 on Monday, March 13, on CBS. Whereas the focus was on Parker's dad in the previous episode, next, it will be the father of Agent Jessica Knight's (Katrina Law) turn. So far, limited details have been revealed regarding her family who have yet to make an appearance in the show. Entitled Butterfly Effect, episode 16 will finally delve deeper into the agent's background after something unexpected happens. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [EXIT]Amazon shoppers compare Revlon styler to 'blow dry' [REACTION]NCIS LA's Elizabeth star drops disappointing update on Kilbride future [UPDATE] The synopsis for NCIS season 20, episode 16, reads:  "The NCIS team jumps into motion to investigate who is responsible for a potential bioterror attack at a strip mall parking garage. "Also, Knight’s father deals with a health scare while in Japan." There has been no indication of who is going to portray her dad in the CBS series, as of yet. But whoever the actor is, will Knight's dad be alright and how is he going to feel about her dating chief medical examiner Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen)? Flirting between the two NCIS colleagues began in season 19 when she was first introduced to the team. Now into series 20 and the pair are dating, with fans loving their blossoming romance. If all goes well between the meeting of Jimmy and her dad if he does show up, then they could soon decide to take their relationship up a level. NCIS season 20 continues on Monday, March 13, on CBS in the USA.