Beyond Paradise's DI Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) certainly made an impression on his new colleagues during Friday night's episode after he solved his first-ever case in Shipton Abbott. Meanwhile, his girlfriend Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) began looking at possible properties to open her first restaurant in Devon. Humphrey was introduced to his new DS, Esther Williams (Zahra Ahmadi) after he ended up in a tree following a hand-gliding lesson. Although, this allowed the detective to meet his colleagues and was quickly presented with his first case. Humphrey was left stumped after the victim claimed a witch had pushed her off a ladder. However, he soon roped in his team Margo Martins (Felicity Montagu) and police officer Kelby Hartford (Dylan Llewellyn) to help. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale Although, just minutes into the episode, fans took to social media in droves to share their thoughts on the new BBC drama. Many complained about the Devonshire accent, while others picked fault with the show's location. Despite creating a fake town called Shipton Abbott, the majority of the first episode was filmed in Looe, Cornwall. "Anyone hear a Devonshire accent yet? #BeyondParadise," Twitter user @dibsydymond asked. Elizabeth Shepley commented: "Just a coupla things... 1, that's not Devon, it's Cornwall and 2, we don't all talk like that #BeyondParadise Prob v late to this chat. "And prob too late to buy a house in Looe and make a killing!" (sic) "Why can’t most actors do anything other than a generic “West Country” accent, and why do we put up with it? Isn’t this meant to be Devon? #BeyondParadise," user @TamertonPJB asked. (sic) While Natalie insisted: "We don't all talk like this in the West country I promise #BeyondParadise." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin  [INSIGHT]Steve Allen quits LBC after 44 years [REACTION]Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune [EXCLUSIVE] Tina Parham shared: "#BeyondParadise - meant to be Devon but the decoration in the house is the Cornish flag? Loving the views of Cornwall - Looe. Why not say it’s a Cornish town." (sic) Alan complained: "Im curious why you would film a New TV series in Cornwall but pretend it was Devon, I will be watching carefully for the inevitable scone mistake, you have been warned BBC. #BeyondParadise." (sic) Despite the criticism, fans did seem to love one major change in the Death in Paradise spin-off. Many noticed that the way Humphrey solved the crime at the end was completely different. However, according to show boss, Tony Jordan, there was a good reason for the change. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press about the outcome, he said: "We came up with this construct of actually taking the characters and putting them in the crime scene. "So they're actually there in the room as the action is happening around them, and that's completely unique. "And that was a moment we saw Beyond paradise become a show in its own right, and it was no longer just a spin-off of Death in Paradise." Beyond Paradise returns on Friday at 8pm on BBC One.