Kate Middleton made a 'rare' style 'miss' last night on the BAFTAs red carpet. Fashion experts and fans alike have critiqued the royal's red carpet look in London last night, especially her black gloves. One spoke exclusively with Express. Kate wore a reworked version of a pre-worn Alexander McQueen gown to the BAFTAs last night. She looked gorgeous in the one-shoulder dress, which nipped in at the waist and feature a flowing flourish on the shoulder. Kate wore the Grecian gown three years ago to the 2019 BAFTA Awards ceremony. For this year the dress has been updated, with a floral applique detail removed and a flowing drape added. Kate added velvet gloves from Cornelia James to the look, a sweet nod to Prince William's black velvet jacket. The "Melissa" gloves cost $217. The Duchess of Cambridge also made a nod to the high street, wearing a pair of dramatic and structural earrings, which cost just £18 from Zara. Kate carried her Celese Jimmy Choo clutch, a favourite, and rewore her Aquazzura Fenix pumps, which she wore for the No Time To Die premiere in September 2021. READ MORE: 'They know when and where to show affection': Rare Kate and William PDA wows fans However, a US style expert and stylist told Express the look was a rare miss for the Princess of Wales. Hallie Abrams said: "It pains me to say I did not love Princess Kate’s BAFTA ensemble." She explained: "I love the idea that she re-wore the gorgeous Alexander McQueen white gown and I also loved that she is backing a trend we saw on the red carpets of both the Golden Globes and Grammy’s this year, opera gloves. "However, I did not love how the black opera gloves looked with the light and airy white gown. In my opinion, the outfit did not feel cohesive. There was something missing to tie it all together. "I typically adore all of Princess Kate’s looks, and feel like she rarely misses, so this actually makes me sad to say." The gloves were met with a mixed reaction by fans online. On US royal content creator HR Lady Alyssa's TikTok account one user, Anita, wrote: "Love the dress, especially since it’s been reworked. However, those gloves are a miss."  Angie said: "The gloves and the earrings killed the whole look." Another said: "I hated the gloves and earrings. with the big earrings, her hair should have been up and slicked back." But other content creators' fans loved the gloves. Below a video posted by style expert Miranda Holder, one fan Dee wrote: "I love those gloves, I know some ppl don’t but I just think they make the outfit even more striking!" Another said: "She’s lovely! The gloves are fun and unexpected." Lottie wrote: "She’s lovely! The gloves are fun and unexpected." But another wrote: "I think she looks absolutely beautiful, but there is something about those gloves I don't like. Maybe the color?" DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton delights as adorable moment with US fan goes viral [VIDEO]Texts between Catherine and Meghan showed 'Kate wanted to be co-operative' [EXPERT]'People hate me because I look just like a young Kate Middleton' [REAL LIFE]