Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag kicked five players out of the dressing room after he took over in the summer in order to make space for new arrivals but three still remain at the club. Phil Jones, Brandon Williams and Teden Mengi are yet to find new sides however Axel Tuanzebe and Shola Shoretire have found pastures new. Ten Hag wasted no time in stamping his authority at Old Trafford following his arrival from Ajax in the summer. The Red Devils spent over £200million during the summer transfer window to bring Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez, Casemiro and Antony to the club while Martin Dubravka also arrived on loan before returning to Newcastle. The changing room at the club training ground Carrington is only big enough for 24 players according to the Sun and as a result, the Dutchman had to remove some players to make space for the new arrivals. Five where forced out with Jones being the most notable of the quintet. The Englishman is in his 12th year with the club but has had the second half of his career decimated by injuries giving him little chance of a first-team appearance. Williams, Mengi, Tuanzebe and Shoretire joined him as Ten Hag decided on his new nucleus. DON'T MISS: Man Utd opponents Barcelona suffer key injury blows ahead of clash The removal of first-team status has not forced all of the quintet out of the club either with Jones, Williams and Mengi still registered as United players. Tuanzebe and Shoretire have managed to find loan moves, joining Stoke and Bolton respectively until the end of the campaign. It is the difficulties of Jones that are the most eye-catching. The defender looked as if he would go on to have an excellent career following his arrival from Blackburn in 2011 but his inability to stay fit has seen him drop out of the first team and deter any potential suitors from taking a punt on him.  Both Jones and Tuanzebe are likely to depart for good in the summer on the expiry of their contracts. Williams, Shoretire and Mengi could be set for a longer spell out of the first-team however with each player contracted until at least 2023. Ten Hag was recently asked about Jones’ continued absence, telling reporters: "For the whole season he's injured. I can't say [if Jones will play again this season]. "What I can say is that he's not available for training since the first day of training this season so I think there's not an opportunity for you to recover quickly and be available quickly."