The Hawaiian spin-off of the hit police procedural television series NCIS debuted on fans' screens on CBS in September of 2021. The show has so far aired 13 episodes of its second season with drama already keeping fans gripped. Star Jason Antoon, has now confirmed to fans his wife Seana will be working beside him in the popular series. In an adorable Instagram post, actor Jason Antoon opened up about working with his wife and co-star Seana Kofoed. He posted a selfie of the pair smiling in their scrubs, on what looked like the set of NCIS: Hawaii. The second snap was a picture peering down the lens of a camera, with the cameraman and crew behind it. Antoon captioned his post: “Couples that work together dork together #ncishawaii #swipeleft." READ MORE: 1000lb Best Friends' Meghan Crumpler fiance rushed to ‘urgent care’ Fans quickly flooded the actor's comment section with sweet messages agreeing with him. One fan @bpretty66 commented: “Love you two the way you work!” with another @michellekg1 saying: “[Love heart emoji] This!!!” A third @half_moon_rising added: “They spork together also!” with a fourth @caf_power commenting: “Love cc so much one of my favourites." The official account of NCIS Hawaii also left three heart-struck emojis under the actor's post. The actor stars as Ernie Malik, a Cyber Intelligence Specialist for the NCIS: Hawaii team, led by NCIS Special Agent Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey). Whilst his wife plays Carla Chase, who is a commander in the United States Navy, she is also a Medical Examiner at Naval Base Pearl Harbour and also has the same role within the NCIS: Hawaii team. The couple recently celebrated their 12-year anniversary in December of last year. In a sweet post on Instagram, Kofoed shared a selfie of them out on a date and captioned it: “Happy anniversary, @jasonantoon, my love! Here’s to another dozen in Hawai’i!” DON'T MISS:Tammy Slaton's pay for 1000lb Sisters explained as star hits goalNCIS' Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to 'most talented' co-starEugene Levy shares major Schitt's Creek movie update When NCIS Hawaii returned for its second instalment, fans thought it would be filled with cute moments of Lucy (Yasmine Al-Bustami) and Kate (Tori Anderson) together but sadly, that hasn't been the case. In the most recent episode named Misplaced Targets, the squad investigated a meth lab, and things started to heat up. After following a close call at a meth lab explosion, the NCIS squad learned that Kai (Alex Tarrant) is being targeted by his old friend-turned-criminal and must take him down. And Junior agent Lucy Tara gets her first big case aboard her aircraft carrier.  The show is a spin-off of the long-running series NCIS and the fourth series in the NCIS franchise. NCIS: Hawaii stars the likes of Vanessa Lachey as Jane Tennant, Alex Tarrant as Kai Holman, Noah Mills as Jesse Boone, Yasmine Al-Bustami as Lucy Tara, Jason Antoon as Ernie Malik and many other big names. NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues every Monday on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 