Services have become expensive and unreliable. On some lines, timetables are turning into works of fiction, while the weary apology is the centrepiece of the announcer’s lexicon. Without massive subsidies, the system could barely function. Many factors lie behind the decline, including the popularity of motoring and changes in work patterns due to the internet and lockdown. But a large slice of the blame must be directed at the trade unions, led by the RMT (Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers union), whose irresponsible enthusiasm for flexing their muscles has fomented relentless chaos and made effective management impossible. The malign influence of these bullies means that the workforce is gripped by a culture of permanent grievance, as shown in the current wave of strike action without any end in sight.  Only last weekend, the companies put forward a “best and final” offer that would have given a nine percent pay rise to rail staff – more than most other workers have received. But the RMT’s leadership dismissed the proposal as “dreadful”. Without even putting it to the membership, Lynch and his fellow zealots rejected the offer, warning that they will soonhold a new strike ballot to provide a fresh mandate for yet more stoppages beyond May. It is a depressing prospect. Never was there a dispute with less justification, given that the median salary for train drivers is £59,000 and for other rail workers stands at £44,000. What makes the RMT’s greed even more grotesque is its lack of financial realism. Lynch acts as if his members deserve a bigger share of a booming enterprise, when, in truth, the railways have been losing a fortune since the pandemic as passengers turn away. In the last year, the network needed a subsidy of £13.3billion just to keep going. It made £5.8billion from ticket sales. Lynch bangs on about the protection of his members’ rights, but the irony is that his union represents the biggest danger to the future of jobs on the network.  It is not the managers who are wrecking the rail industry. It is the Lynch mob. There is a compelling parallel between Lynch today and the notorious agitator Derek “Red Robbo” Robinson, who brought British Leyland, the country’s only indigenous car-maker, to its knees in the 1970s with his gospel of workplace revolt. A lifelong Communist, Robinson became the convenor at Leyland’s huge Longbridge plant in 1974, exploiting his position to foment anarchy, intimidation and extremism. He was estimated to have led more than 500 walkouts. Like the railways, the British car industry had once been a worldbeater, with renowned marques ike Austin, Rover and Triumph. Yet, thanks mainly to Red Robbo and the unions, it reached its nadir in that decade as sales and quality collapsed. Although Robinson was finally sacked in 1979, neither Leyland nor its successors ever recovered. The same fate awaits the railways as long as Lynch holds sway. Like Red Robbo, he is a barrier to the innovation and flexibility urgently required if the sector is to survive. He offers only obstruction and discord. “I can sleep sound at night because I never betrayed the workers I was elected to represent,” Robinson once said. But he did ultimately betray them with his rigid ideology. Lynch is now following his destructive example. 