Our Yorkshire Farm is returning to Channel 5 giving fans the chance to reminisce over the good old days at Ravenseat Farm. Amanda Owen's show addresses how her brood's unusual childhood on the family's hill farm has shaped them. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where Amanda's family are now. Followers of the Yorkshire Shepherdess will know the star keeps her social media channels well-updated. She has been at Ravenseat tending to the sheep during a period of calm and quiet. She is also looking forward to viewers watching her latest episode of Amanda Owen's Extraordinary Farming Lives. This time she meets farmer Muhsen on his family's farm in South Wales. She said: "Their story is super inspiring and what they have created is rather special. I learnt a lot about their faith, family and farm." Her youngest children are still with her on the farm, chipping in as always. READ MORE: Amanda Owen fans voice concerns over Yorkshire farm amid new show Clive is now living on a farm next door to his family as he co-parents his children with Amanda. He is not active on social media so details on his life away from the media spotlight are limited. The last time the pair were pictured together was at daughter Raven's graduation in November 2022. He most recently appeared in his new series, Beyond The Yorkshire Farm, with his son Reuben. So far there has been no news of a second season. Reuben is Amanda and Clive's eldest son and he has been keeping fans up to date about his new contracting business. In his latest Instagram post, he said: "Bit of work at home this weekend with the biggest and smallest of the fleet. Both machines available for hire." He has also recently celebrated his first year with his girlfriend, Sarah. Despite going solo with his own business venture, he still has plenty of time for his family. At the end of 2022, he shared a photo of himself with his mother Amanda, with a heart emoji. Raven is the eldest Owen sibling and she has been enjoying some free time with her friends after graduating. She has been taking on lab work as well as volunteering at a local hospital. She had studied biomedical science at York St John's University and certainly deserves some downtime with her friends. Her latest Instagram post said: "A good start to 2023, can’t wait to be back in labs but until then pasta and mates." Amanda's children also include Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas, Clemmy and Nancy. The children have just spent time on a family horseriding venture with their mum. Amanda said: "A raffle-taggle crew for sure. Tack and turnout less than perfect but full marks on attitude, willingness and kindness. "And that is what matters anyway."  Our Yorkshire Farm: Five Years with the Owen Family airs on Channel 5 at 6pm.