It's only February, but it looks like we may already be dealing with the biggest gaming launch of the year, as Hogwarts Legacy makes its debut on PS5, Xbox Series X/S and PC. The launch of the Harry Potter spinoff isn't the only major news of the day, especially if the latest Call of Duty leaks are anything to go by. Read on for more information about Hogwarts Legacy, Call of Duty and the other major gaming stories on February 10. Despite some fans deciding to boycott the game due to J.K. Rowling's views on transgender rights, Harry Potter video game spinoff Hogwarts Legacy is shaping up to be one of the biggest releases of the year. The action role-playing game takes place at the iconic wizarding school in 1890, where players will attend classes, discover magical beasts, craft potions and explore the surrounding area. "Experience Hogwarts in the 1800s. Your character is a student who holds the key to an ancient secret that threatens to tear the wizarding world apart," reads the official description. "Make allies, battle Dark wizards, and ultimately decide the fate of the wizarding world. Your legacy is what you make of it. Live the Unwritten." If you want to purchase a physical copy, there's a spellbinding trick to save some cash. TopCashback is currently offering new members the chance to get £10 back when shopping at Argos - no spells necessary. Exclusive to new members only, you can take advantage of the discount by clicking the link below and signing up for a TopCashback account. After making an account and visiting the Argos website via TopCashback, you'll earn up to £10 when making a purchase from the retailer. Essentially, this means you can grab a copy of Hogwarts Legacy for £49.99, instead of the £59.99 recommended retail price. With Sony's next-gen PlayStation VR device launching in just under two weeks, the company has started to crank up the hype machine. Ahead of its February 22 launch, Sony has released two brand new PSVR 2 videos showcasing the hardware and software. The first video gives a broad look at some of the games and features, including Horizon Call of the Mountain, Gran Turismo 7 and Resident Evil Village. The video also promotes the stunning 4K visuals, as well as the haptic feedback, 3D audio and expanded field of view. The second video is the first unboxing of the device, hosted by Sony product manager Kei Yoneyama. According to the video, the PSVR 2 comes with a headset, two controllers, a VR headset cable, and a set of in-ear headphones. The launch date for this year's annual Call of Duty release may have leaked ahead of schedule, alongside the beta dates. According to a report on Insider Gaming, the new Call of Duty will be developed by Sledgehammer Games. It's also worth noting that the next Call of Duty will be a full release, and not premium DLC as previously reported. It's even better news for PlayStation owners, because the report claims that the first Call of Duty beta weekend will take place from October 6 until October 10, exclusively on PS4 and PS5. The second beta weekend, meanwhile, will be available on all platforms between October 12 and October 16. The full campaign will launch in early access on November 2, followed by the full release on November 10. In other gaming news, Remedy Entertainment has confirmed that Alan Wake 2 is now playable from start to finish. Speaking to investors, Remedy CEO Tero Virtala said that the upcoming Alan Wake sequel will soon have all of its content in place, and is playable from start to finish. Virtala's comments suggest Alan Wake 2 will be ready to launch in 2023, most likely during the latter stages of the year. Elsewhere, Minecraft developer Mojang has confirmed plans to bring the long-awaited Archeology feature to Minecraft in update 1.20, which launches later this year. In other Minecraft news, the company has announced a bizarre new crossover with Crocs. Available on the official Crocs website from February 16, fans will be able to purchase a range of Minecraft-themed Crocs and decorative charms. Finally, gaming fans can check out a selection of freebies for the weekend. As part of Microsoft's Free Play Days promotion, Xbox Gold subscribers can play Scarlet Nexus, TT Isle of Man Ride on the Edge 2, and The Ascent until the morning of February 13. Sega's Two Point Campus is free on Steam until February 13, while Recipe for Disaster is the latest title to be given away on the Epic Store.