Tommy Fury is set to bank an eye-watering £2.5million for his upcoming contest against Jake Paul in Saudi Arabia – his best payday to date. However, dad John Fury claims his son has been ‘well underpaid’ for the fight. Tommy has been scheduled to face Paul on two occasions to no avail. Ahead of their first encounter in December 2021, he was forced to withdraw with a broken rib before the fight was called off once again eight months later when TNT was refused entry to the United States – where the fight was set to take place. But both men will be hoping the third time is a charm as their fresh February 26 fight date fast approaches. Negotiations dragged on for a while, but terms were eventually agreed upon and the stage is now set in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia. Saudi boxing chief Amer Abdallah confirmed to Express Sport that Fury will be receiving his career-highest payday but John says Tommy should have received more. “We have probably been well underpaid, the money is one thing but if he knocks Jake spark out the world is his oyster," Fury Sr told The Daily Mirror when discussing pre-fight negotiations. "Tommy will be a very popular man come February 26, I can guarantee that.” John previously told the same publication that he had advised his son to walk away from the deal. “You could offer him [Paul] a million dollars, he doesn’t want to fight Tommy," he said back in November. "He just wants to wear the Fury name out from his brand. “I’ve said to Tommy, we are going to move on ‘don’t do any more tweets or anything else’. There is other big people we can talk to, they need to give Tommy what he is worth. He [Paul] is the A-side to absolutely jack s***. "He is A-side to jumping off bridges and filming daft stuff for viewing figures. Listen, I'm afraid it is going to be the fight that never happens. Tommy is a fighting man, he is trained to fight anybody. He is doing really well. If others can’t see the potential in Tommy, they need to go Specsavers. I am just sick of talking about that coward I was not interested in."