The soap star, 25, who plays Nina Lucas in the cobbles drama, became the first contestant in the series to take on the headbanger move, which typically attracts top marks for taking on the technically tricky challenge.  To avoid head injury the Coronation Street actress wore a helmet during Dancing On Ice rehearsals to remain safe incase her head struck the ice. But during the live show she ditched the protective gear as she was bravely swung by her ankles by partner Sylvain Longchambon with her face inches from the ice in the nerve-wracking move. Although the routine went off without a hitch, fans were fuming the pair weren’t given higher marks by the other judges which included skating champion Jayne Torvill, Ashley Banjo and Oti Mabuse. Previously in the series, former British Olympic skater Christopher Dean has defended his scores as he sarcastically quipped: "I love that there's so many experts in the room!" at the heckling audience. Mollie and Sylvain were awarded a total of 30.5, with a string of 7.5 scores and just one 8 from Christopher. One viewer wrote: “She deserved better than that!! What were the judges watching!?!” A second agreed: “7.5??? SORRY WHAT? She did a literal headbanger and the judges score her a 7.5?? She was much better than last week.” “These judges are idiotic, 7.5 for that routine, STUPID STUPID STUPID,” another raged.  One fan wrote: “Cant believe Mollie only got 7.5 from the judges when she did the head banger!!!” Another added: “Definitely deserved a higher score, 7.5 is laughable!” Fans also questioned why novice contestants were allowed to perform the headbanger given even skating union ISU, which governs professionals have banned the move. One fan posted: “If professionals aren't allowed, then amateurs definitely shouldn't be. Entertainment before safety. Absolute joke.”   Another added: “#DancingOnIce I absolutely hate the headbanger. It should be banned. Just too dangerous and not necessary.” A further fan posted:“@dancingonice I am shocked the headbanger hasn’t been banned yet. I absolutely hate it. It’s an ugly & dangerous move." But one fan said they loved the thrill of the move adding: “#danceingonice yess molly can't wait, my favourite is the headbanger on the show.” Those taking part in week five of the competition also included actress and DJ Patsy Palmer and Drag Race UK’s The Vivienne and comic Darren Harriott.  Completing the lineup for Icons week list were Hollyoaks actress Carley Stenson, Olympic gymnast Nile Wilson and reality star Joey Essex. The Wanted’s Siva Kaneswaran was forced to pull out due to illness but remains in the competition. After a second week in the skate off it was Patsy and Matt who were eliminated after all the judges decided to save Darren and Tippy. Dancing on Ice returns each Sunday on ITV and is available to stream on ITVX. 