Six Just Stop Oil protesters have been convicted of targeting last year's British Grand Prix at Silverstone in a track invasion causing 'serious harm' to drivers and race marshals. Jurors at Northampton Crown Court convicted four men and two women of causing a public nuisance. During the trial, the court was shown footage of five protesters sitting on the circuit at Silverstone as two Formula One cars passed close by. Alasdair Gibson and Louis McKechnie, both 22, Bethany Mogie, 40, David Baldwin, 47, Emily Brocklebank, 24, and Joshua Smith, 29, all claimed the "meticulous" protest did not risk serious harm. Giving evidence at their trial, they said the protest started after a red flag was signalled to halt the race, claiming they followed a "meticulous" safety plan.  Jurors deliberated for almost nine hours before returning guilty verdicts on the defendants, whom the Crown ssaid had caused an "immediate risk of serious harm" by sitting near fast-moving vehicles. At the start of the trial, prosecutor Simon Jones told the court: "As events unfolded, the F1 Grand Prix had started and it was under a red flag after a serious accident had occurred at the very start. "Each of these defendants were present at Silverstone and they were intent on causing a disruption to the race. "It is not in dispute that five of the defendants in this case - all of them save for David Baldwin - made it on to the racetrack and they did not have permission to be there. "There is no dispute as to that, and they sat down in front of the ongoing cars - Formula One motor racing cars. "They will inevitably say that this was done as an act of protest and in order to bring publicity to the cause and demands they make." Video footage from various camera angles covering Silverstone was played to the jury, as well as personal video statements from five of the defendants recorded a day before the protest, including a claim that the world is "being destroyed for the benefit of a few people". Mr Jones told the court: "The prosecution say that there was clearly an immediate risk of serious harm being caused. "Plainly they could have been struck by fast-moving vehicles with obvious severe consequences. "We say that that their actions also caused risk to the drivers themselves and the marshals." McKechnie, who grew up in Weymouth in Dorset, told jurors the group had planned the protest over two-and-a-half months, making it as safe as possible. He also denied that the action, designed to draw media attention to Just Stop Oil's call for the Government to halt new fossil fuel extraction licences, had been reckless.