With four NBA championships, two MVP titles and a reputation as the best shooter in NBA history to his name, Steph Curry is undoubtedly one of the greatest basketball players of all time. He certainly lives up to his superstar status off the court too, as his celebrity wife, huge NBA salary and golf TV show prove. According to Forbes, Curry's earnings of $92.8m in 2022 made him the fifth highest-paid athlete on the planet. $45.8m of that came from his salary and winnings, while endorsements accounted for the $47m. The Golden State Warriors star signed the NBA's first-ever $200m deal in 2017, and he became the first player to ever sign two such deals when he agreed to a four-year, $215m extension in 2021. The 34-year-old has his own company - SC30 - manage his investments, brand partnerships and other ventures. One such partnership is with Under Armour - in 2020 the brand launched the Curry Brand as a rival to Nike's Jordan Brand. MUST READ: Shaquille O'Neal tells Donald Trump to 'shut the f*** up' over Rihanna comments Curry married Canadian-American actress, cookbook author and cooking television personality Ayesha Alexander in 2011. The pair first met each other at a church youth group in Charlotte, North Carolina, when they were both teenagers, but didn't start dating until years later. Born in Ontario, Canada, Ayesha went to high school in Charlotte before moving to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting. She appeared in a number of bit-part roles and had a short-lived food show on Food Network.   She has since written a cookbook and hosted the American version of The Great British Bakeoff. She launched her television and film production company Sweet July Productions in September 2020. The couple have two daughters who were born in 2012 and 2015 and a son who was born in 2018. DON'T MISS Kevin Durant's Kyrie Irving comments speak volumes about past dramaJordan at 60 - Barkley beef, LeBron James view, what NBA icon does nowLeBron James slammed over Anthony Davis and Los Angeles Lakers trades Curry's main passion aside from basketball is golf. He started playing when he was just 10 years old and plays in celebrity golf tournaments. That passion led him to appear as a host of ABC's sports reality TV show Holey Moley. Contestants compete against each other in a series of head-to-head matchups played on a supersized miniature golf obstacle course. Thanks to his experience on the green, Curry is the show's resident golf pro.