Fortnite developer Epic Games is getting ready to release the final update of the current season. Fortnite update 23.50 has a February 28 release date and an 8am GMT UK launch time. The new update launches alongside a period of server downtime, which kicks off at 8am. Matchmaking will be taken offline at 7.30am GMT, so you'd better login early if you want to get a few games in before it begins. While there's no official end time, downtime typically lasts for a couple of hours, which means the game should be back online at around 10am GMT. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twiter, alongside a sneak preview about what fans can expect. "3 18 1 3 11 20 8 5 3 15 4 5," reads the Epic tweet. "Downtime for 23.50 begins at 3 AM ET, with matchmaking being disabled shortly before." When translated into letters, the numbers read "CRACK THE CODE", which suggests the end of season event will require players to perform a little codebreaking. In addition to laying the foundations for the season finale, Fortnite update 23.50 will introduce the Creed 3 movie crossover. Expect a new skin or two beginning in March. As usual, Epic will vault and unvault various items, add new challenges, and bring new skins to the item shop. Fans of The Witcher will also be able to unlock the next set of rewards once the update goes live. In terms of gameplay tweaks and bug fixes, you can see the update 23.50 patch notes below... Fortnite update 23.50 patch notes... GENERAL • Vi’s right eye turns inward when using some emotes. - When using any emote that has upper body movement with the Vi outfit her right eye may turn inward. • Omega Knight has light grey/silver armor. - The Omega Knight outfit has a light grey/silver color instead of the matte black armor. • Exiles Emblem Wrap appears yellow - The Exiles Emblem wrap appears bright yellow when used instead of reflecting the colors displayed in the icon. BATTLE ROYALE • School of Llama banners missing/greyed out - We're aware that banners received from completing School of Llama challenges may be missing from the Locker or "Equip" may be greyed out. • Peely’s Plunder may lead to treasure in inaccessible areas. - Players may find the Peely’s Plunder augment can occasionally lead them to treasure in an inaccessible area. SAVE THE WORLD • No Fill/Fill - Widget resets - We're aware of a visual issue that changes the setting for Fill or No Fill once you've changed the game mode. MOBILE/SAVE THE WORLD • The ‘Archive’ button may be blocked by the ‘Redeploy Glider’ prompt in the Locker on Nintendo Switch. - Players who have their screen size set to 80% will find the option to archive gliders is inaccessible due to the button being blocked with the ‘Redeploy Glider’ button. • Some Devices limited to 30 FPS - Some devices are limited to 30 FPS and no longer have an option to use 60 FPS