Pete Doherty was all smiles as he appeared on Channel 4's The Last Leg on Friday night. The Libertines singer sat on the panel as they discussed the significant moments of the past seven days but in a comical way. However, just minutes into the programme, fans became distracted by Pete's "unrecognisable" appearance, with many taking to social media to share their thoughts. At the end of the show, Pete even got up on stage to perform a song with host Josh. The comedian sang a poem he had written, while Pete played along on his guitar. He even wrapped up the Channel 4 comedy programme by singing the Pogues' hit Dirty Old Town in solidarity with Ukraine. While some viewers were delighted to see the musician on screens, others couldn't help but point out that he bore a striking resemblance to writer Paul Merton.  READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale "Would not have recognised Pete Doherty #TheLastLeg," Twitter user @ElleB101 wrote. Phil Grant tweeted: "Pete Doherty plumbing new depths, appearing on the Last Leg." @Twosidesofacoin added: "Have you ever seen Paul Merton and Pete Doherty in the same room?"  "Pete Doherty looks like Paul Merton," @Trickygbh also commented. @JoFreeRangePlay penned: "#IsItOk that I’m watching #thelastleg and thought is that Paul Merton? No, it’s Pete Doherty." While @TransChicken2 shared: "Just me, or is Pete Doherty, currently on The Last Leg doing an amazing impression of a young Paul Merton?" As @HistorianClive commented: "@TheLastLeg Booked Pete Doherty, got Paul Merton #thelastleg." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin  [INSIGHT]Steve Allen quits LBC after 44 years [REACTION]Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune [EXCLUSIVE] Thankfully, Pete appears to have made a full recovery since then as he chatted about his upcoming tour.  Pete's rare TV appearance came after the 43-year-old fell ill on tour last February, leading him to cancel his upcoming gigs. Best known as the frontman for The Libertines, the singer was reportedly under “close observation” from doctors after suffering from a high fever and shortness of breath. Despite his worrying symptoms, the diagnosis of COVID-19 was ruled out after the star tested negative for the virus. Thankfully, Pete appears to have made a full recovery since then as he chatted about his upcoming tour with the Channel 4 presenters.   Tickets to Pete's solo tour were also made available on Friday - his first in 10 years. The gigs promise to "take audiences on an unforgettable ride" into Pete's world, and special guests are expected to make an appearance. Just days ago, the musician shared a tweet with his 100,000 followers to remind them of when they can buy tickets. The reposted announcement read: "In case you missed it: @petedoherty has announced a solo tour of the UK and Ireland this spring! Tickets for 'The Battered Songbook' Tour will be available from 10am on Friday - don't miss out." The Last Leg is available to watch on All4.