Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway viewers were left divided as the duo returned to screens with their ITV series. Throughout the programme, viewers watched the I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! presenters pull a hilarious undercover prank on Alison Hammond, who once famously told the hosts they would never be able to "catch her". However, at the beginning of the show, Ant and Dec pulled a prank on viewer Liam, who was set up by his wife, Amy. The duo carried out an undercover operation over the course of a year, and Liam had no idea. As the couple sat in a restaurant, Ant and Dec communicated with Amy via an earpiece. The pair were quickly driven to the studio audience by Jordan North, who almost crashed into the set. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation As they discussed why he was there, Ant and Dec showed a clip of their first prank. Liam and Amy, who was pregnant at the time, went for a 4D scan to see their unborn baby. Although little did Liam know, it wasn't even his baby on the scan. Referencing the baby dancing to music on the scan, Liam told the hosts: "When she said he can move to rhythm, I was like, 'He can't move to the rhythm like that' and she said, 'They can'." "So we rang my mother-in-law and she was like, 'Yeah...'" "They were all in on it," Ant explained as they moved on to the next prank. Despite Liam seeing the funny side of the jokes, the segment angered a lot of viewers and they took to social media in droves. Lisa fumed: "This seems a bit cruel #SaturdayNightTakeaway." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILERS]Vera star admits 'I'll be waiting' as he speaks on series 13 future [INSIGHT]Pete Doherty's 'unrecognisable' appearance distracts The Last Leg fans [REACTION] Moll quizzed: "Surely this is a bit wrong?? poor man literally thinks it’s his baby #SaturdayNightTakeaway." (sic) Dave added: "This prank is a bit weird surely, not even the dumbest person in the world would fall for this #saturdaynighttakeaway." "That’s f*****g bang out of order. Whaaaat. #SaturdayNightTakeaway," Jamed raged.  As Meg Reeves commented: "This baby scan prank is actually awful? I'd be livid? Or is it just me. #SaturdayNightTakeaway." (sic) "This is bad taste surely #SaturdayNightTakeaway," Kelly went on to point out. However, despite the criticism from some fans, others stepped into defend Ant and Dec. Andrew tweeted: "People just moan about anything and everything nowadays. "It was a prank to get back at the dad for all his pranks ffs." (sic) Luke added: "The prank on the guy - crying with laughter!" Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway returns at 7pm on ITV next weekend.