The competition on this year’s America’s Got Talent: All-Stars is heating up as the popular NBC show headed into the first round of finals to kick off the week. Judge and producer Simon Cowell was left “searching for words” after the stunning return of season 16 runner-up Aidan Bryant, and, unfortunately, some of the words he found weren’t suitable for broadcast. Cowell’s glowing review of Bryant’s aerial performance had to be bleeped during Monday night’s edition of AGT. After losing out on victory two years ago, the 18-year-old acrobat was one of the 11 acts seeking redemption during the first part of the All-Stars finals. Bryant was the last act of the show, known by fans as the “pimp” spot, and the judges all agreed his performance was well worth the wait. The long-time judge blurted out an unknown obscenity, and the censors were forced to plaster an AGT logo over his mouth to keep the show family-friendly. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue “I am literally searching for [redacted] words right now,” Cowell exclaimed. “This I liken to one of those moments when I was a kid and I would watch the Olympics… and the judges would just go, ’10, 10, 10, 10, 10.’ “That’s what it felt like to me. I have never, ever, ever - on a movie, on this show, anywhere - seen anything so incredible as that. “And so dangerous and so brilliant and so well-coordinated… I think you just completely changed everything after that performance.” Bryant has been teaching himself Cirque du Soleil-inspired stunts from a young age by watching YouTube and practising with bed sheets in his garden. The 2021 series of AGT looked like it was his to lose, and he was a favourite to win the $1million prize and Las Vegas residency in the finals. Unfortunately, magician Dustin Tavella was crowned the winner in the closest finale vote in the show’s history. Then only 16 years old, Bryant admitted he was “crushed” when the result was announced. DON'T MISS:Elvis Presley’s granddaughter ‘marvellous’ in new Prime Video role [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander fans spot heartbreaking Roger and Brianna twist clues [TEASER]1000lb Sisters’ Amy and Tammy ‘fighting for more money’ [INSIGHT] When he heard the studio audience “screaming my name” he thought “Oh, I’ve got this”, but Cowell recalled he was “in pieces” after losing out on the top spot. “I’ve never seen anyone look so gutted in my life,” he told him. “And I remember going up to you after and saying, ‘I promise you, this is not the end.’” Thankfully, Cowell was right and less than two years later Bryant made his glorious comeback to the AGT stage. He has since picked up on plenty of new tricks which should put him in good standing heading into the grand finale next week. However, Bryant still faces stiff competition, including fan-favourite blind and autistic singer Kodi Lee, the winner of AGT’s 14th season. Plus, Golden Buzzer picks the Detroit Youth Choir, Light Balance Kids, Mike E. Winfield and Tom Ball will also be bringing their A-game when the show returns. America’s Got Talent: All-Stars - The Results airs Monday, February 27 on NBC in the USA.