Chelsea watched their new signing produce an impressive display on his debut but not even Enzo Fernandez and Chelsea's flurry of January signings could inspire Graham Potter's side as they stuttered to a 0-0 draw with Fulham. The west London derby had plenty of bite and Fernandez got stuck in on his debut, making it look incredibly easy despite only arriving in the country three days ago, but Chelsea paid the price for missing chances again to leave Potter frustrated on the touchline. As Fernandez trudged out onto the pitch for the first time as a Chelsea player, it was notable that the Argentinian looked calm and collected, showing no signs of nerves that any regular person might feel after a £107million record-breaking switch to a new country. The 22-year-old went over to join Marc Cucurella and Cesar Azpilicueta as the players knocked the ball around and that sense of Spanish community will give Fernandez some familiarity in a country where he does not yet speak the language fluently. Starting in front of the back four, with Mason Mount and Conor Gallagher in front, his first pass was a decent spread of play out to Reece James. Consistently, he found both full-backs as the metronome in the Chelsea midfield. If they were missing Jorginho, it didn't seem like it.  Twice in quick succession he cut out dangerous opportunities for Fulham on the counter attack, and when he did concede possession with a blind pass, he retrieved it within seconds. Sometimes it is best to experience some adversity just to see how you recover from it. Potter applauded on several occasions, showing how impressed he was. And tasked with marking the towering Serbian from the corner, an entertaining grappling match unfolded between the two - almost like a 'welcome to the Premier League' ritual for the San Martin-born man. When Chelsea were deep in possession, he demanded the ball just to gain a bit of familiarity and looked completely unfazed, if there was any chance he would, by the occasion of his debut. Self-aware of everything around him, constantly scanning the potential threats in front but also behind him. It seems spending so much time with Lionel Messi in Qatar has allowed him to sprout wing mirrors, identifying the dangers in and around him without even looking.  As some might expect, there were some instances where Fernandez slightly switched off and it nearly cost them on one occasion when Andreas Pereira escaped his radar. The attacking midfielder struck his effort well but the ever-reliable Kepa Arrizabalaga pulled off a fine save to tip it wide. He has had his detractors in the past few days, but Fernandez would get his moment to prove why he is rated so highly by his new coach and team-mates. He picked up the ball, lofted a brilliant pass into Mount who set up Kai Havertz and the German - if not for a slight touch from Tim Ream - would have surely scored. That. That is why they signed him. The fans sounded their appreciation and it just seemed to inject a bit of confidence into the debutant. They knew this is the player the club pulled out all the stops to sign was the real deal after all, despite some voices of doubt in recent days.  In the first half alone, he had 59 touches of the ball, completed 39 of his 45 passes - or 87 per cent - and won all but one of his seven duels. Not bad for a player who had experienced only one full training session with his new club. He was somewhat more of a bystander in the second half as the game gradually transformed into a basketball match. And then the chance arrived for the midfielder to make himself an instant Stamford Bridge hero. A pass to fellow debutant Noni Madueke was cut out but the ball became lose and it fell kindly for Fernandez, who decided to hit it first time. Deciding to go for power over placement, the 42,000 spectators inside the ground watched on with awe as he curled the ball and as it whistled through the air, it missed the far post by a fraction. A goal would have encapsulated what was a hugely promising display from the new Chelsea signing and one that indicates their eventual £107m was soundly invested. With more performances of this kind, it won't be long until the youngster is controlling games at will - but Chelsea's profligacy could cost Potter more than just money if they continue to fail to find the back of the net. 