Tammy Slaton and Amy Slaton-Halterman have been propelled into the spotlight thanks to the TLC series 1000-lb Sisters, which charts their weight loss journey. The show is now into its fourth season after first starting 2021 and following the siblings and their other family members as they try to shift the weight. Fans are keen to know more about the reality stars and their lives away from the cameras. Amy Slaton-Halterman has an estimated net worth of £208,000 ($250,000), according to Market Realist. While her sister Tammy Slaton has an estimated net worth of £83,000 ($100,000). Prior to landing the 1000lb Sisters, Tammy and Amy were both YouTube stars and would have made some their wealth from their videos on the platform. Tammy’s net worth is thought to be less because she has a smaller YouTube following compared to her sister. READ MORE: Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm But their net worth would have been greatly increased by their appearance on the TLC series. Over the years, their net worth would have gone up with each episode of 1000-lb Sisters. The stars are paid per episode of the show and as 1000lb Sisters continues, the reality series has made its seasons longer. Season one only had six episodes while the second one had 10 and the third outing consisted of 12 instalments. This means the sisters’ salaries for the show would have doubled between seasons one and three. The total number of episodes in season four has yet to be confirmed but could be even longer than its predecessors. This would mean again, Amy and Tammy would be paid even more for the show and this in turn would boost their wealth. With the show growing in popularity and Tammy and Amy becoming stars in their own right, they may see their salaries going up. In fact, the sisters as well as their co-stars Chris Combs and Amanda are reportedly thinking of leaving their current contract with TLC. They are said to believe they can be making more money by renegotiating their contract and getting a fresh deal with the television network. According to a source close to the family, Tammy is paid an estimated £1,600 to £2,500 ($2,000 to $3,000) per episode. But this money is said by the source, as per the US Sun, to have gone into paying for 14 months of weight rehab without any more given to her from the producers. Therefore, this will have a big impact on her net worth and how much her actual value is. DON'T MISS...EastEnders' couple torn apart as Eve Unwin exposes affair [THEORY]Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [VIDEO]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [VIEWER REACTION] Amy’s salary for the show is unknown but it’s thought she makes the most out of her 1000lb Sisters stars. Her sons Glenn and Gage are said to have contracts as well and their salaries are said to be be going into trust funds to pay for their college tuition fees. Interestingly, the cast of 1000lb Sisters has signed contracts which means they can’t enter into any other commercial deals while working on the show. This would limit the amounts Tammy and Amy would be able to make and impact on their overall net worth. If they manage to get a new contract, their net worth could increase more and given their popularity they might also be able to land other deals to bolster their wealth. 1000-lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA and a UK release date is yet to be announced