Denise Welch, 64, married her third husband Lincoln Townley, 50, in 2013, and the pair are clearly still going strong. The Loose Women star left her colleague Kaye Adams amazed as she detailed her very active sex life during a guest appearance on her podcast, How To Be 60. Speaking on sexual connection despite the age gap between Denise and Lincoln,  Kaye said: “How much younger is Lincoln than you?” Denise replied: “I'm 64, so he’s 14 and a half years younger than me.” Kaye questioned: “So do you feel the pressure to be frisky?" “No I don’t feel any pressure, he does. I really enjoy sex more now than I have for a long time. “I really love sex. I think that probably is a result of HRT. I like it in the morning,” revealed Denise cheekily. Kaye retorted: “The next time you come into Loose Women at half past eight I will look at you differently!” Formerly, Denise married David Easter in 1985, but the marriage ended in 1988. The star went on to marry Tim Healy in 1988, before splitting in 2012. The Waterloo Road actress recently admitted that herself and Lincoln were both "at rock bottom" when they started their relationship. The TV star wed Lincoln in a private villa on the Algarve in 2013, with the bride opting for a beautiful lemon-coloured raw silk and Chantilly lace gown made by Sharon Bowen. Denise has continued to share loved-up photos and tributes to him since then, but she told Platinum Magazine that she was battling "fear" caused by alcoholism and depression, and he was "fighting his own demons" when they met. "Nobody gave us a cat in hell’s chance. How many people go on to have a successful nine-year marriage after meeting in those circumstances?" she said. "That feeling of fear grips you. We were at rock bottom," Denise added, before crediting Lincoln for helping her become sober. "We say we saved each other’s lives. “When you get sober, you have to have an anchor and for some people that’s AA, for some people, it’s other support groups. “For Lincoln and me, it was each other. "Becoming sober with Lincoln is the thing I’m most proud of because it’s given us a marriage that is the bedrock of our lives, but also it’s the ripple effect of sobriety, of how it affects and impacts on those who love us. “Being sober and in control of our lives has given the three sons we have together the wings to fly." Denise similarly described Lincoln as her "anchor" when opening up about her marriage during an interview with HELLO!. She said: "We were party animals, two people in a mess, when we first met. “My marriage was in freefall and I was drinking too much. Being with Lincoln could have been the most explosive disaster, but it went the opposite way. “We've been each other's anchor." She shares her two children, The 1975 lead singer Matthew, 33, and Louis, 21, with Tim, while Lincoln is father to son Lewis from a previous relationship. 