Aries Solutions for stubborn problems can be found so don’t give up too quickly. The more you stick at it, the more likely it will be that you will overcome the stumbling blocks now in front of you. Sharing creative ideas with friends and colleagues will keep you positive and hopeful for a better future. Taurus Once you’ve made a promise, no matter what it takes and how long it takes, you will fulfil this obligation. A generous gesture will gain someone’s respect and trust even though you aren’t looking for appreciation. When challenges come your way you know it is better to bend than to break. Gemini Colleagues, friends and family support your efforts and your hopes for a positive outcome to current events get a tremendous boost. Nothing will keep you from pursuing an aim that is becoming hugely important to you. Joining forces with someone who shares your passion will feel like the right thing to do. Cancer Activities with children and animals will bring you so much joy. If life is all work and no play at the moment, move your schedule around to give yourself more time for creative pursuits. Join in with anything that might help you forget your cares and worries for a short while. Leo Plans for a big social event aren’t going as well as anticipated. There’s a need to cut costs and you aren’t happy about it. Eventually everyone will agree to do things on a smaller scale. Do some comparison shopping if you are making family travel plans. Virgo High levels of perseverance combine with remarkable creativity. This will bring an accomplishment you can be proud of. Those in high places will be impressed by your efforts so keep going. You are making a positive impact and if you’re hoping for a promotion, you’re going the right way about it.  Libra The imaginative suggestions of someone you are working with will heighten your own creativity. If you’re willing to put in the effort, your artistic and poetic skills could be put to profitable use. A colleague or close friend will give you some tips on how to deal with competitors. Scorpio A group isn’t working hard enough to get its message across. This is not the first time you have expressed concerns along these lines but this time you will voice your thoughts with more authority. Other people are starting to listen. Without support, your team will be unable to move forward. Sagittarius Money is heading your way via the good fortune of a partner. Results are seen after months of hard-working dedication. The consequences of today’s decisions will have long-term ramifications and the outlook looks more promising for job, social and voluntary commitments.  Capricorn The support you offer a depressed or disappointed friend will mean a lot to them. Even so, spending a lot of time listening to someone’s tales of woe will eventually get you down too and you will recognise the need for some space in order to regain your equilibrium. Aquarius If you’re looking for work, be sure potential employers are made aware of your practical skills. A chance to improve your lifestyle may soon come your way. This will also satisfy a longing for more freedom. New friendships will spice up your life. Pisces A working relationship needs reviewing. Someone is shirking their responsibilities and you aren’t getting anything out of this association in a practical or personal sense. Your department is under greater pressure than ever before. You are ready for a change.   