A former Pentagon insider has slammed Washington for "not doing enough" to protect America's airspace. The comments come after the US military shot down four UFO's over its airspace.   Lue Elizondo, who probed UFOs for the US Government, told The Sun that he believes the downed objects are "conventional technology". He said: "I left DoD five years ago because our Government was not doing enough to take seriously these incursions into controlled and sensitive US airspace. "We now see the results of not taking this issue seriously. Fortunately, some are now paying attention." Numerous unusual objects have been spotted in the skies of North America in recent weeks. JUST IN: Mars Wrigley fined after workers fell into vat of chocolate at M&M's factory A suspected Chinese spy balloon flew over the USA and was later shot down off the coast of South Carolina. Fighter jets also apprehended an object in Alaska and an octagonal object was spotted flying over Montana. Another Beijing balloon was detected in Costa Rice and Canada confirmed another "cylindrical" object was shot down by US planes over Yukon. US Air Force General Glen VanHerck appeared to suggest some mysterious objects could come from extraterrestrials.  He said: “I’ll let the intel community and counterintelligence community figure that out. I haven’t ruled out anything. “At this point, we continue to assess every threat or potential threat, unknown, that approaches North America with an attempt to identify it.” However, Pentagon officials have since downplayed the possibilities of alien involvement. Leading politicians have also ramped up pressure on Washington to do more. DON'T MISS:UK to initiate security review of ‘airspace intrusions’ [INSIGHT]ISIS could stage a comeback after Turkey earthquake  [REVEAL]China detects mysterious ‘UFO inside airspace’ [SPOTLIGHT] Marco Rubio, who unsuccessfully stood for the Republican nomination in 2016, said: "The last 72 hours revealed to the public what has happening for years, unidentified aircraft routinely operating over restricted US airspace. "This is why I pushed to take this seriously and created a permanent UAP task force two years ago." 