Tottenham are interested in signing former Chelsea defender Marc Guehi, according to reports. The centre-back has starred at Crystal Palace and is a senior England international. Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has looked to strengthen his defensive options in recent transfer windows and will again this summer. Clement Lenglet's loan from Barcelona will conclude at the end of the season but there is no indication Spurs will look to buy him on a permanent deal. Conte plays with three central defenders so needs further depth at the back in order to be able to rotate in different competitions. Eric Dier and Cristian Romero are regulars, while there has often been chopping and changing at left centre-back. The Mail reports that Davinson Sanchez's future in north London is in doubt, as well as Lenglet being set to go. The report says Palace star Guehi is being lined up as a potential signing for Spurs. READ MORE: Ronaldo scores four Al-Nassr goals in one match in stunning display  Palace would not be keen to sell but an offer in excess of £45million would likely be considered. Guehi could be one of two centre-backs Spurs sign. They have also shown an interest in Inter Milan duo Alessandro Bastoni and Milan Skriniar, while Josko Gvardiol is also admired. RB Leipzig star Gvardiol starred for Croatia at the World Cup. However, the Mail says all three players could be difficult deals for Tottenham to pull off. Guehi would be a homegrown player having come through the ranks at Stamford Bridge. He was born in the Ivory Coast but moved to England at a young age. Guehi made two League Cup appearances for Chelsea in 2019 before having two loan spells at Swansea in the Championship. DON'T MISSGary Neville explains why he has performed sudden Arsenal title U-turnTottenham assistant Stellini reveals Conte's heartwarming gesture after returnMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds draw  Palace signed him on a permanent deal from the Blues in the summer of 2021 for a fee of £18m. His performances at Selhurst Park have seen his value rise and attract interest from the likes of Spurs. Guehi has played in 56 of Palace's 59 league matches since he joined the club and has two goals to his name, both coming in his debut campaign. He signed a five-year contract when he joined Palace, so still has three-and-a-half years remaining on his deal. But a move to Tottenham would be a step up in his career. Conte's side are hoping to qualify for the Champions League again this season, while Palace are in mid-table.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here