A dive expert has shared a new theory in Nicola Bulley's disappearance as he warns the mum-of-two could have been "pushed really hard" into the river. Peter Faulding and his team were brought in last week to scour the River Wyre in Lancashire in search of Nicola who has been missing since January 27. But after bringing in expensive equipment and scanning the waterbed, the team were unable to find her. Now, Peter said there was a possibility the 45-year-old ended up in the middle of the River Wyre on the day she vanished. He told The Telegraph: “On the river on the day it wasn’t running very fast. “I’ve spent a lot of time with the family and they said she was so cautious, did the same route every day, didn’t go near the river and her Fitbit shows she doesn’t go near the river. "She would have to be pushed really hard to be launched out into the middle of the river." Peter continued: “There is lots of odd stuff here. If she isn't found then I would say something is not right. Police officers have been ringing saying they agree with me, this is an odd one."    The dive expert has also told how he thought police had made a "mistake" in sharing their leading theory early on. He told the Daily Mail: "I think the worst mistake the police have made was to declare early on that she’s in the river rather than saying 'let’s keep lines of enquiry open'. "This is a lady who knew this area intimately, she was slim and fit, and if she had fallen she could have grabbed onto the bank." It comes as police extend their search to a nearby caravan park. Wyreside Farm Park caravan site is being searched by police officers for clues about Nicola's disappearance. The site is closed to the public until next month. The caravan park is believed to be one of the only exits to the site where Nicola had been walking Willow that was not covered by CCTV.  READ MORE: Local councillor receives ‘offensive’ voicemail about Nicola Bulley  Detectives think Nicola, from Inskip, Lancashire, may have accidentally fallen into the river and drowned. But they say they are “open” to all possibilities and are investigating every report made to them. These include someone in the village saying they saw two men trying to hide their faces near to the area where Nicola walked her dog the day before she disappeared. The person who reported it said the men were carrying fishing rods and appeared to be wearing hats or hoods. DON'T MISS:Nicola Bulley cops took 'nine days' to contact key witness [INSIGHT]Witness claims men tried to 'hide faces' near Nicola's walking route [COMMENT]Nicola Bulley's partner leaves moving message on yellow ribbon [PICTURES]  The witness said: "It was very strange. It made me uneasy." He saw one of the men again the following day but did not think about it much until he heard that Ms Bulley was missing. Thinking back to when he saw them, he said he thought it odd that they were wrapped up warm when the weather was mild. And he thought it was strange that they were not carrying a tackle or bait box. Police officers are also going through footage from security cameras and dashcams and trying to track down the owner of a shabby-looking red van which was seen outside a barn on the morning Ms Bulley disappeared.  