A man has been convicted of murder after his 14-year-old son killed three teenagers. Richard Acosta, 34, was convicted on Friday of capital murder for the shooting deaths of Xavier Gonzalez, 14; Ivan Noyola, 16; and Rafael Garcia, 17, on December 26, 2021. Just over a year ago, Abel Acosta, then-14, entered a convenience store-taqueria at about 7.30pm. He then opened fire on four teenagers, killing three and injuring one. According to police, Richard was seen driving his son to the convenience store that night and then left with him after the shooting. The father reportedly testified that he was unaware that his son Abel had a gun or had even shot anyone. Richard said in court that Abel got into the car and told him to drive away because there was a shooting at the store in Garland, Texas. After the shooting, Abel reportedly disappeared, and currently remains at large. Authorities say he is considered armed and dangerous. Prosecutors said that Richard tried to dispose of evidence and was trying to relocate his family from Garland, Texas. In his closing statement, Dallas County District Attorney John Creuzot said: "As those boys’ lives were slipping away and his son with a hot gun in his hand had created all that smoke and stepped in the back of that car, a reasonable person would have called 911. “What does he do? Pedal to the metal and got out of there.” READ MORE: Cops charged with Nichols’ death ‘assaulted another black man’ Richard surrendered to the police a few days after the shooting and was indicted just about a year ago. He reportedly told investigators that Abel disappeared the night of the shooting. Richard testified that he was unaware of his son’s whereabouts and now faces life without parole. Acosta's lawyer, Heath Harris, told KERA News they expect Abel to confirm his father was not involved in the shooting if he is found. Harris said: "We firmly believe that Abel is going to tell the authorities that, and if they do, then maybe Richard will get a new trial." Prosecutors did not seek the death penalty and Richard was convicted under a Texas law that allows accomplices to be charged even though they did not commit the crime. DON'T MISS Canada's Trudeau orders US plane to shoot down 'unidentified object'Sussexes set to sign new big-money deals after recent successFour teens charged after 14-year-old dies following horrific attack Garland Police Chief Jeff Bryan however said justice is only "half done" and the families of the victims will only get "full justice" when Abel Costa is apprehended. Garland Police Department said in a press release: “We would like to thank District Attorney John Cruezot’s office, our detectives, and the family members of the victims who helped endure such a difficult time. “We are only halfway to justice. The search continues. We will not stop until Abel Acosta is captured.” Anyone with information is asked to call the Garland Police Department at 972-485-4840. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews