The First Lady of the United States is currently in Africa on a whistlestop solo trip. The teacher looks fantastic during her busy schedule, even at 71. So, how does she do it? Plastic surgeons and beauty experts weighed in exclusively for Express on just how Mrs. Biden is maintaining her unbelievably youthful look. Plastic surgeon and medical director at CREO Clinic, Dr. Omar Tillo said: "At 71 years old, Jill Biden's skin always looks refreshed, radiant, and contoured as she is on the go. "She likely has a personalised, clinical, skincare routine, and has had many skin tightening treatments." Dr. Omar suggests Jill might have beauty treatments like Morpheus8, which uses micro-needling and radiofrequency energy to resurface the skin, promote collagen growth and shrink fat, to contour and sculpt the face. READ MORE: 'So beautiful': Jill Biden wows in colour with hidden meaning even Donald Trump praised Sam Cinkir, the founder of Este Medical Group, told Express: "Jill Biden, First Lady looks fabulous at the age of 71, her youthful looks could be down to a range of non-surgical treatments such as HIFU (high intensity focussed ultrasound) which is a non-invasive, non-surgical option for skin tightening. "It has gained FDA clearance for brow lift and improving fine lines and wrinkles. Treatment is relatively pain-free and yields some brilliant results. "We are seeing an increase in interest in anti-ageing treatments at Este Medical Group and HIFU skin tightening is one of them. We use this over a course of treatment to yield optimal results. "In terms of diet and lifestyle, it seems the First Lady has built up a bank of good behaviour as decades of investing in good quality sleep and the habit of staying hydrated, all compound into looking this vibrant for decades to come. "This is why we also educate our patients in understanding the holistic approach to wellness and well-being, including from an aesthetic point of view." DON'T MISSJill Biden and Martha Stewart's unlikely friendship [SHOCK] Kamala Harris reacts to 'awkward' video of husband and Jill Biden kissing [POLITICS]Jill Biden’s dress has a hidden message for Americans [ANALYSIS] Jill Biden's makeup artist for her first interview with People Magazine, alongside her husband Joe Biden, Casey Geren, shared some of her beauty tips that left the First Lady glowing. Describing how she prepped the First Lady's skin for the shoot, the expert used a British brand, 111Skin. He used the 111 Skin Energising Essence and the Theorem Repair Serum, which he calls magic in a bottle. He then used the 111Skin Theorem Day Cream. For makeup, Casey used Armani products, opting for the Armani Eye Quattro Eyeshadow, Armani Eyes to Kill mascara in Classic, and the Armani Smooth Silk Eye Pencil in Sand Blonde. He also used the Armani Luminous Silk Face and Under-Eye Concealer using shades 3.75 and 4.5 to give a more refreshed look and then used the Armani Luminous Silk Foundation in shade 5.75. Lastly, he added Charlotte Tilbury’s cult Pillow Talk lip liner and Laura Mercier Nude Nouveau for a “natural, polished look.”