Next week on Emmerdale, the village shop owner will be dealt another crushing blow when he heads to court for fraud. Fans of the long-running ITV soap will remember David Metcalfe (played by Matthew Wolfenden) was caught speeding and put his girlfriend Victoria's (Isabel Hodgin) name on the fine instead of his own. Unsurprisingly, Victoria was furious when she learned what David had done although he insisted it was necessary to protect his business. David feared he could lose his license if he was caught speeding which would put an end to his delivery service. When Victoria learned of David's betrayal she made him come clean to the police. The pair have since called time on their relationship while David has had to put his shop up for sale. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain Now, David will head to court as he faces the consequences of his actions. Official soap spoilers have confirmed he has to surrender his licence and a driving ban is imposed. But that's not the only devastating news in store for the struggling businessman. His Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) will distance himself from his father as he tries to support Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi). Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) will encourage Jacob to reach out and help with her recovery from Class A drugs. Leyla is touched by her son's actions and they start to spend more time together. With Amba now in London with Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade) and Jacob supporting Leyla, David will find himself more alone than ever. David isn't the only villager in for a big surprise next week as Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) and Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) find a dead body in their B&B. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Nate as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [THEORY]Emmerdale's Ethan Anderson and Marcus Dean in trouble after revelation[SPOILER]Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [THEORY] Bob’s deflated when Bernice confirms a harpist who she clearly fancies will be their act for the opening night of the B&B. When it's the day of the grand re-opening, Bernice awakes blissfully in bed after a night with Tim the harpist. When she realises she’s seriously overslept, she’s panicked into action and unkempt Bernice covers for her absence with an exasperated Bob. That afternoon Bob and Bernice anxiously await their first customers, as defensive Bernice covers for Tim the harpist’s no-show. As the guests for the re-opening arrive, Bernice revels in her role as hostess but she’s floored when Bob tells her that he’s found Tim the harpist dead. How will the pair deal with the first big challenge as new owners of the B&B? Emmerdale airs weekdays on ITV at 7.30pm.