Warning: This article contains spoilers for Happy Valley series three.The long-running BBC crime drama came to an end on Sunday as actor James Norton said goodbye to his role as evil Tommy Lee Royce. However, the 37-year-old has continued to give fans their Happy Valley fix by sharing a series of unseen clips and photos from across the seasons. Since 2014, fans of the BBC drama have been anticipating how the long-standing rivalry between Tommy Lee Royce and Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) would come to an end. The final episode of Happy Valley gave viewers a satisfying ending full of tension, tears, drama and of course a few violent incidents. One of which included a gripping car scene where Tommy had to fight for his life after gangster Darius Knezevic (Alec Secareanu) decided he was a liability. When his gang of thugs arrived at Tommy’s hideaway house to kill him, they ordered the criminal to get into the boot of their car. READ MORE:ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show Quickly realising what was happening, Tommy managed to get into the house to retrieve a kitchen knife as he told them he’d get in the back of the vehicle instead. It wasn't long until the scene took a violent turn as the criminal attacked the thugs with the kitchen knife. As things turned bloody, it started to look bleak for Tommy as he was strangled before he found a rock and killed Darius’ brother. Although the scene had people on the edge of their seats, the reality of the situation was a lot more humorous as James revealed how it was filmed on Instagram. The 37-year-old showed the vehicle wasn’t rushing drastically down a country road but instead was in a studio. The video saw a giant LED screen in a “U” shape with footage plastered on to give the illusion of what passengers would see out of their window if they were sat in a car. Having fun on set, James started jogging on the spot to make it appear as though he was running fast before throwing his hands up to make it look like he was dangling out of the vehicle. Along with a series of clips, the star posted some bloody snaps with his co-stars with them all smiles, a very different friendship to what was shown on TV. DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice’s Joey Essex ‘terrified’ after fall on the ice [INSIGHT] Loose Women outrage as star says Shamima Begum wouldn't be a 'threat' [REACTION] Coronation Street’s Zeedan makes decision on his future on the cobbles [SOAP]  Thrilled to still be getting Happy Valley content, James’ followers commented on the footage to beg him not to stop showing behind-the-scene secrets.Sixatno.5 replied: "I totally believed that this was in the countryside." Leahbarker14 commented: "Love seeing things like this! Please never stop with the Happy Valley posts lol. It’s really softening the blow of it ending." Stephaniadarius added: "My gosh just shows how great actors you all are and the talented production team. I really thought the car was rolling down that hill! That scene was so gruesome too, so strange to see you all smiling together!!" Traceycliffe said: "It's so weird seeing the fun you all had filming scenes that had us all on the edge of our sofas." Social media use At_roberts1989 replied: "Would never have guessed the road scenes weren’t real! So well done!" With the_crystal_bar adding: "Well this has blown my mind!!!!!!! I thought it was real." Happy Valley seasons are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.