The Consultant is a workplace thriller coming to Amazon Prime Video on February 24. The series follows Mr Patoff, a mysterious consultant to swoops in to save CompWare after a merger falls through. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Regus starts running CompWare after a prominent merger falls through, but there is something off about him. He is played by Christoph Waltz, a 66-year-old Austrian-German actor who is known for his villainous roles. The award-winning star has featured in Inglorious Basterds, Django Unchained, Carnage and No Time to Die. The father-of-five is married to German costume designer Judith Holste. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show Craig is one of two main employee characters in the series and he makes some shocking discoveries. He is played by Nat Wolff, a 28-year-old American actor and musician who composed the music for The Naked Brothers Band. He starred his younger brother, Alex in the TV series which was created by their actress mother, Polly Draper. His other credits include Joe vs Carole, The Stand and Murder at Yellowstone City. Elaine is the second of the main employees and she is played by Brittany O'Grady. A 26-year-old American actress and singer known for her roles in Star and Little Voice. Viewers may also recognise her from the first season of The White Lotus. Since 2015, she has been in a relationship with Ben Huyard and they married in September 2022. DON'T MISS... Carnival Row stars tease new monster in ‘gory’ final season Jeremy Clarkson under fire from dyslexic lawyer after comment on show Jeremy Clarkson told farm won't get special treatment Patti is Craig's fiancée in the series and she is played by Aimee Carrero. Aimee is a 34-year-old Dominican-American actress who voiced Princess Elena in Disney's Elena of Avalor. The star's other film credits include Spirited, The Menu and Holidate. As for her TV roles, She has appeared in Level Up, Young & Hungry and Maid.  Amy is played by Erin Ruth Walker, an actress and audiobook narrator. She has also just finished filming for a new series called Daisy Jones & The Six, which airs in March. The star has been very busy as she is also working on Which Brings Me to You, which is in post-production. Her other credits include Leverage: Redemption and Drowning. The star is on Instagram and she was excited for her new role in The Consultant, saying: "Still pinching myself that I get to be a part of this amazing project. My friends are so talented. Can’t wait for you all to meet Amy!" Rosie is played by Sloane Avery, an American actress known for her roles in Physical and Purity Falls. Viewers may also recognise her from Glimpse, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Mom and Bad Sister. She said of her latest project on Instagram: "I am so incredibly honored to be a part of such a truly special show. "Thank you to my team and everyone at @primevideo @1.21ent and @mgmstudios I am so proud to have worked alongside such an incredible cast and crew. "This show is beyond and there is nothing else like it."  Iain is played by Michael Charles Vaccaro, an American actor and entrepreneur. He was born in New Hampshire and grew up doing neighborhood magic shows and community theatre. His notable credits include General Hospital, Cybill, The West Wing, The Event, The Mentalist and For All Mankind.  The Consultant is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video from February 24.