While she is involved in work and projects in her own right, she was delighted to join Chris Packham on some episodes of the hit BBC observational series, Autumnwatch. Sadly, the show has been axed after the BBC decided to take it off the air, but the remaining Watch series, which focusses on spring and winter respectively, will remain. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Megan, 28, detailed her "sadness" over the cancellation. Chris, 61, has presented the Watch series since 2009 and is a passionate wildlife advocate. In the past, Megan has joined in to help her stepdad present some episodes, and has proved a hit with fans. Sadly, the BBC announced earlier this month that Autumnwatch would be cancelled due to financial cuts. Addressing this whilst talking to Express.co.uk, Meghan commented: "Obviously, I think it's sad to see Autumnwatch watch go. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale "I really personally loved Autumnwatch. I love autumn. It's a beautiful time of the year. "But I know it was a really tricky decision for the BBC. And I know that the money will be really invested into Springwatch to make that as good as it possibly can be. "And of course, the week that we have for Winterwatch as well. "So yeah, this series will hopefully be better than ever. But ultimately, it is a shame that we're losing Autumnwatch." Fans were also saddened to learn about the cancellation of the show celebrating all things autumn. In a statement from early February, the BBC said: "These are challenging times financially and we need to make difficult decisions and focus our resources on content that has the highest impact." It continued: "Sadly, this means that Autumnwatch will not be continuing. "Instead, we are investing more money into Springwatch and Winterwatch, as they are most popular with audiences. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Faye Windass haunted by past [SPOILER]Four in a Bed owners left seething over 'disgusting' feedback [VIDEO]Danny Dyer says he 'smelt of a***' filming final EastEnders scenes [LATEST] "We are incredibly proud of the watches and would like to thank the presenters and production team who will continue on Springwatch when it returns in May for three weeks, and Winterwatch when it returns next year for one week, reduced from two weeks." Speaking to Express.co.uk just last year, Chris detailed the strong audience response to the show. "In fact, the audience's enthusiasm is a great fuel for us on the programme," he commented. "You know it means that we're connecting and meeting our mission. As well as being a zoologist and conservationist, Megan is also a keen photographer. She has now risen to prominence on a number of popular BBC shows. Megan is also working with National Lottery to celebrate and spread awareness of the £3 billion of good cause funding which has gone into projects that support children and young people over the last 10 years. Talking about the National Lottery's work, Megan remarked: "They are absolutely brilliant at empowering people themselves by providing really crucial funding - £3 billion in the last 10 years to 50,000 projects. It's just really something quite special." The Watch series are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.