Three years on from Brexit, many leavers have expressed frustration with the way the departure has been handled. Members of the Leave.EU campaign club gathered to celebrate the anniversary, but admitted to being “very disappointed”.   Robin Birley, the club’s creator, has said he is disappointed with the lack of benefits in a post-EU Britain. He told the Sunday Times: “I was a Brexiteer because I believe in sovereignty. “It was a semi-emotional issue for me. “Brexit delivered that but it hasn’t delivered anything else, because the Government is just so ineffectual." READ MORE: King Kazu is world's oldest footballer at 55 but still trails Giggs  Mr Birley said he believes the UK should be more deregulated. He continued: “Entrepreneurs like me should be encouraged everywhere. And that’s not the case — we’re just milch cows.” Amid frustrations with the handling of Brexit, the Rejoin campaign has opened up a double-digit lead over staying out in polls asking voters how they would choose in a second referendum on EU membership. This comes as the International Monetary Fund warned that Britain is expected to be the only developed country to face a shrinking economy this year. DON'T MISSMcDonald's announces major offer only available on one day [REVEAL]Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito [INSIGHT]Nicola Bulley's friend share 11 facts you may not know about case [UPDATE]  The Washington-based fund upgraded its forecast for most leading economies but said it expected the UK economy to contract by 0.6 percent this year. This is 0.9 percentage points worse than that which it had pencilled in just three months ago, and slower than what is forecast for Russia. Business leaders warn that Brexit red tape and costs are harming UK trade. After an initial 40 percent drop in UK exports to the EU in the first month after the end of the Brexit transition period, overall trade volumes recovered. However, the UK has lagged behind the performance of other large economies.   