The Duchess of Kent celebrates her 90th birthday and to mark the milestone a charity she co-founded has created a video set to music in her honour. In a tribute to Katharine Kent, as she liked to be known while working as a music teacher at a primary school in Hull after quitting royal duties, the charity Future Talent got a young composer to create a special piece of music entitled Beauty Will Save the World for her landmark birthday. The new video includes audio of the Duchess explaining how she came to set up Future Talent in 2004 because of the children she was teaching in the Yorkshire city for over 13 years. Future Talent’s mission is to unlock the potential of young musicians from low-income backgrounds across the UK. “The start of Future Talent initially was all about these children. I had taught in 13 years at least 20 children with enormous potential,” she says, describing how they made the hair stand up on the back of her neck. “I know they are so good and they have the confidence that goes with it, so important, wonderfully talented children with the ability to get right to the top in their career and no options open for them whatsoever. “Somebody had to find those stepping-stones. It was absolutely vital. Those stepping stones, that pathway, climbing that wall and onto something. If they believe in themselves, they can do it and we will help them do it.” Beauty Will Save the World, the composition in her honour, was created by Maddy Chassar-Hesketh, a 17-year-old composer, pianist and harpist who has been supported by the charity for three years. With its help, she has been able to study at the Purcell School of Music and the Royal College of Music. Her music has since been performed at Wigmore Hall, Maida Vale Studios, and the BBC Proms among many others. She is one of many who bear testimony to the passion of the Duchess of Kent to help gifted musicians overcome financial barriers and reach their musical potential. Future Talent. whose ambassadors include Dame Judi Dench, cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, actor and presenter Alexander Armstrong, and pop star Sting, provides talented young musicians with expert masterclasses, workshops, one-to-one mentoring sessions and performance opportunities. Each musician is also provided with crucial financial support, to help cover their musical costs, including instrument costs, sheet music and other equipment, music lessons and course fees. The Duchess, who is married to Her late Majesty The Queen’s cousin the Duke of Kent, a grandson of King George V, is now the oldest living member of the Royal Family. She possibly also has the lowest profile of those in the inner family after stepping back from formal royal duties in 1996 and four years later deciding no longer to use the style Her Royal Highness granted to her upon marriage in 1961. In 1994 she converted to Roman Catholicism. Her quiet departure from royal duties was in sharp contrast to the kerfuffle raised over the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s exit. She swapped royalty and all its glamour for the role of Mrs Kent the music teacher at Wansbeck Primary School in Hull. After a visit to the school in 1996, she offered to help boost its arts teaching. She told the Hull Daily Mail: “I’ve studied music all my life, it’s my passion. “My other passion is children – being able to share and pass on your love of music to children is the greatest privilege a teacher can have.” As well as teaching in Hull, the Duchess, who was taught to play piano, violin and the organ as a schoolgirl, also rented out a flat in London where she taught piano lessons. But at 90, she is expected to take it easier these days and is likely to be celebrating her birthday with her family today. Nicholas Robinson, the chairman of Future Talent who co-founded the charity with her, said: “On behalf of the trustees, I send Katharine all our love and very best wishes for a happy birthday. Your passion for music and helping young people has touched so many lives over the years and you are an inspiration – thank you.” In an interview last year, the Duchess spoke about her time in Hull. "I was just known as Mrs Kent," she told The Sunday Telegraph. "Only the head knew who I was. The parents didn't know and the pupils didn't know. No one ever noticed. There was no publicity about it at all – it just seemed to work." She also talked about her love of music and revealed she had a penchant for gangsta rap music made by luminaries such as Ice Cube and Eminem. Discussing thrash metal, she suggested she would "give it a go but possibly not for long". She told The Sunday Telegraph in the interview: "My husband likes music but very serious music. I'll listen to anything. I even like beatboxing.' The mother-of-three revealed her love of rap music in a 2005 interview on Radio 3.