Death in Paradise returns tonight, Friday, February 3, for another gripping investigation on BBC One. As always, along with the main cast, there will be a number of guest stars welcomed to the sandy shores of Saint Marie. Season 12's fifth instalment will be particularly special as it will be the first time Commissioner Patterson (played by Don Warrington) will meet his secret daughter. Andrina is the daughter of the Commissioner and his ex-wife Maggie Harper (Orla Brady) who kept her secret from him until season 11. She now travels to Saint Marie to get to know her roots more as well as her dad. Actress Genesis Lynea portrayed Dr Simone Tyler in Silent Witness but her biggest role was in Casualty as Archie Hudson on BBC One. The 33-year-old also originated the role of Anne of Cleves in the musical Six. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending When Vincent Petit (Craig Stein), a former resident of a children's home is murdered after revisiting where he grew up to give a speech, Roy Hamilton is among the initial suspects. He is played by actor Micah Balfour who is best recognised for playing Dr Jermaine Bailey in Emmerdale in 2015. The married doctor had a relationship with patient Bella Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) who was 17 at the time. He has also been in The Bill, The Trial of Christine Keeler, Lovely Little Farm and Doctors. Marianne is first thought to be Vincent's killer as she was seen with a knife in her hand at the event. For two years, actress Nicola Hughes was behind Jenna, Dan (Daniel Ryan) and Lisa's (Sally Lindsay) new neighbour in Mount Pleasant. Apart from the comedy-drama, she has been in Jonathan Creek, EastEnders, The Split and Rock Rivals. Most recently, Hughes featured as a dancer in the movie Everybody's Talking About Jamie. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [REACTION]Death in Paradise boss hints twist ahead for Neville Parker and Sophie [SPOILER]Death in Paradise star pays tribute to 'blessing' Ralf Little [TRIBUTE] Little is known about Dr Claire Molyneaux but it is thought she is another familiar face from victim Vincent's past who may have been out for revenge. Actress Jennifer Saayeng has only been acting since 2016, according to her IMDb page. Some of her roles have been in Vera, Emerald City, The Capture, Cursed and Raised by Wolves. Her latest part was as a narrator in an episode of inVerse earlier this year. Other cast members include: Vincent Petit - Craig Stein Josephine Porter - Tara Tijani The series consists of eight episodes in total so there are just three more left before season 12 comes to a close. Death in Paradise season 12 continues every Friday at 9pm on BBC One.