Lawn care is important throughout the year, but it is especially important as spring approaches. With lighter evenings and warmer weather on the horizon, Britons should perform five tasks right now. Gardening expert, Nick Wood, from GardeningExpress, said: “As winter comes to a close, gardeners should start thinking about caring for their lawn so that it’s luscious and green by the time spring rolls around. “It’s important to check the weather where you live as you’ll want to start working on the lawn as the weather dries up and cold snaps come to an end. “Once you’ve done that, you can make a start by removing any debris and aerating the lawn before applying fertiliser. “Remember to be patient, the lawn is a labour of love and it’s not going to just look good again overnight - it’ll take a few weeks but it will be worth it in time for spring.” To start with, gardeners need to clear their lawns by removing any dead leaves or branches which may be in the way, make sure to clear edges too. READ MORE: Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required The expert also recommended using a rake on the grass to clear up any dead grass which could be sitting on the top. Nick explained: “Aerating the lawn is essential as it allows air and water to reach the roots as well as other important nutrients. Simply grab a garden fork and place small holes around the grass." Improving the ground can make a huge difference in how healthy the lawn and garden plants will look in the spring and summer. The pro continued: “If you notice your grass appears brown or dead, you may want to apply a light fertiliser to help it regrow. DON'T MISS:Kitchen expert shares simple’ changes to make for huge savings [COMMENT]Steps to ‘breathe life back’ into flat carpets this spring [EXPLAINER]Houseplant expert shares how to ‘encourage’ orchids to ‘repeat bloom’ [EXPERT] “Evenly scatter a fertiliser across the lawn and water accordingly. After watering you should leave the lawn alone for a few days to allow the fertiliser to work.” After applying a fertiliser, it is important to avoid mowing it straight after. The lawn won’t have grown a huge amount during the winter months so mowing shouldn’t be essential anyway. When the lawn does begin to grow, make sure to cut it around every two weeks to promote healthy growth, but ensure it isn’t cut too short. The gardening expert said: “As your lawn begins to grow back and you begin mowing it again, make use of the grass clippings by leaving them on top of the grass once it’s been cut. READ MORE: Four plants to prune now for successful growth in the garden this year “The clippings will decompose and will transfer healthy nutrients back into the soil to help the grass grow.” According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), gardeners should mow their lawns if the weather is warm as grass will start to grow at temperatures above 5C. However, it is important to set the mower height to its maximum, and only mow when the lawn is dry. The experts explained: “If you have bulbs planted in your lawn, such as snowdrops and crocuses, they may be starting to come up now, so avoid mowing or walking on those areas. “Also repair bare patches, especially around lawn edges, using turf cut from other areas of the garden if available.” If it is still frosty in the coming weeks, gardeners should avoid walking on it as it can damage the blades of grass, which go brittle in the cold. It may even leave brown footprints, which may take ages to disappear. February weather can be unpredictable and if there is no frost, it is likely to be raining or still cold. If it rains heavily, Britons should look out for waterlogging on their lawns, although this is likely solved with aeration.