Andy Murray booked his spot in his first semi-final since June with another comeback win in Doha. The world No 70 downed qualifier Alexandre Muller 4-6 6-1 6-2 in two hours and four minutes to book his spot in the last four of the Qatar ExxonMobil Open where he will face Jiri Lehecka. Murray was coming off the back of a three-hour marathon win over Alexander Zverev less than 24 hours prior as he faced the somewhat unknown prospect of Muller, a qualifier ranked at No 170. The Frenchman had already upset eighth seed Botic van de Zandschulp and former champion Nikoloz Bashilashvili and was facing Murray for the first time. It was the two-time former champion in Doha who got off to a quick start, taking an immediate 2-0 lead as he secured the early break. But in what has become true Murray fashion, it couldn’t be that easy for the Brit as he gave the break straight back and was suddenly the one down a break himself as Muller won four games in a row to race to a 4-2 lead. The world No 70 had two chances to get back in it at 3-4 but failed to convert his break points and it ended up costing him, as the 26-year-old was able to take the first set 6-4 in 53 minutes in his maiden tour-level quarter-final. Murray was quick to bounce back at the start of the second as he broke to lead 2-0, mirroring the opener. JUST IN: Alcaraz urged to follow Djokovic and Nadal after 'wrong things' remark The Brit kept on rolling, breaking the qualifier once again as he raced to a 5-0 lead in 23 minutes and he took the second set 6-1 moments later, forcing a decider for the third-successive match. Murray had the chance to take another early break in the first game of the third set but Muller was able to hold on and get himself on the board to start the decider. But the world No 170 couldn’t fend him off for long, as the three-time Major champion was able to break in Muller’s next service game to take the lead and put himself within one foot of his first semi-final in eight months. And it was all one-way traffic for Murray in the final set as he secured the double-break to lead 4-1. Muller was able to get himself on the board one final time before Murray stepped up to serve for the match, closing out his third-successive comeback from a set down to win 4-6 6-1 6-2 in just over two hours - a much shorter affair than his three-hour epic on Wednesday night. DON'T MISSAlcaraz coach reignites Djokovic injury debate with 'impossible' claimCarlos Alcaraz explains snubbing Rafael Nadal for Roger FedererDjokovic and Nadal stance on equal pay after billionaire star's views The world No 70 will now face another first-time opponent in the semi-final in world No 52 Lehecka, who upset top seed Andrey Rublev earlier on Thursday in his own comeback win 4-6 6-4 6-3. It marks his first appearance in the last four of a tour-level event since June last year, when he reached the final of the Stuttgart Open. The Brit is bidding to win his first title since 2019, when he downed old foe Stan Wawrinka in a throwback final at the European Open in Antwerp. It remains the only trophy he has won since undergoing hip resurfacing surgery earlier that year but he has reached two finals since in Sydney and Stuttgart last year.