Aston Martin have officially confirmed that Felipe Drugovich will stand in for Lance Stroll when pre-season testing gets underway in Bahrain later this week. It was confirmed on Monday that Stroll will not be involved the on-track action following an unfortunate bike accident, which occurred recently during training in Spain and left him with minor injuries. An official Aston Martin statement read: "Whilst pre-season training on a bicycle in Spain, Lance Stroll was involved in a minor accident and sustained injuries which will result in him sitting out the pre-season test in Bahrain. "Lance is however expecting a quick recovery and return to driving duties. His fitness to return to the cockpit will be assessed daily and the team will issue an update ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix." Aston Martin have since confirmed that Drugovich will be in the cockpit in place of Stroll for this week's pre-season testing programme, which will begin in Bahrain on Thursday morning. He is one of the team's designated reserve drivers alongside former McLaren ace Stoffel Vandoorne and won last year's Formula Two championship by a considerable margin after taking five wins and 11 podiums. JUST IN: Max Verstappen shares F1 retirement plans and rules out long career Drugovich, who is also available to race for McLaren in a reserve capacity if he is needed to step in on an emergency basis, will be hoping to impress in Bahrain later this week as he looks to gain some much-needed experience behind the wheel of an F1 car. The 22-year-old admitted last year that he thought long and hard before joining Aston Martin's junior setup but insisted that he was pleased to be with the historic British team after it became clear that he would not be a full-time driver in 2023. "There were pretty long discussions because we were seeing what was possible, what was on the table," Drugovich told PlanetF1 when quizzed on how his move to Aston Martin came about. "I just didn’t want to miss out on any bigger opportunities because obviously bigger is to be on the grid. As soon as we saw being on the grid was impossible, the best option was with Aston." Drugovich will likely be replaced by Stroll at next weekend's Bahrain Grand Prix, which will mark the start of the new F1 season after a three-month winter break. The latter is set to make a relatively quick recovery from his bike accident and will be looking to acclimatise quickly after missing out on pre-season testing ahead of this year's curtain-raiser at the same circuit. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.