It's official! Samsung fans now can finally order the Galaxy S23, Galaxy S23+ and ultimate Galaxy S23 Ultra with all of these devices landing in stores later this month. It's another nice update from the Korean tech giant and there are plenty of headline-grabbing upgrades tucked inside these latest devices but one subtle change will surely please owners and it's something Apple must copy in the future. Anyone pre-ordering these updated flagships ahead of their official release is being offered extra storage without paying a premium. This free boost means you can pop the 256GB Galaxy S23 in your pocket for £849 which is almost £100 less than Apple charges for its 256GB iPhone 14. Those wanting even more memory for their photos, videos and files will also find the 512GB versions of the Galaxy S23+ and Galaxy S23 Ultra can be popped into online shopping baskets for the same price as the 256GB models. For example, the 512GB S23+ usually costs £1,149 but the pre-order deal means you get the same phone for just £1,049. Those wanting the Ultra can also get that whopping 512GB of storage for £1,249 - saving £150. Having enough space for digital content has long been a bugbear of consumers but Samsung has now scrapped 128GB options on the S23+ and S23 Ultra which means these devices only ship with a minimum of 256GB of internal storage. Considering these new phones are now capable of shooting High-Resolution images and 8K video that decision makes a lot of sense and we can't help feeling that Apple needs to follow with a similar update later this year when it unveils the iPhone 15. Along with that extra storage, the Galaxy S23 range includes a faster exclusive Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor, better battery life, a more eco-friendly design made from recycled plastics and improved cameras. In fact, the S23 Ultra gets a massive 200-megapixel lens which can even shoot perfect pictures of the night sky thanks to its Atstrophotogrphy settings. Those opting for that ultimate device will also find an S Pen tucked inside its shell along with an improved display and long battery life. If all of those specs and the extra storage boost has got you thinking about an upgrade then there's more good news. Samsung is trying to soften the full financial blow thanks to some very enticing trade-in deals that will reduce the price of the device. There's even the option to hand over certain Android devices and get a whopping £600 off something new. That means you could take delivery of the Ultra for under £700 which is a bit of a bargain. Along with getting all of that money knocked off the asking price, there is also six months of Disney+ for free and the option to pay things back over 36 months without incurring any interest. That deal allows you to pocket the S23 for as little £23.59 per month.