A massive US winter storm has grounded more than 1,600 flights as snow and ice are leaving passengers stranded at airports. Hundreds of thousands of homes in America were also plunged into darkness on Wednesday as schools shut and drivers found themselves with nowhere to go on icy roads. Weather grounded nearly 1,800 US flights on Wednesday, according to the tracking service FlightAware. Another 6,000-plus flights were delayed across the country. SkyWest, which partners with major airlines such as United and Delta, had cancelled 350 flights as of Wednesday night, while Delta and Southwest had each cancelled around 250 flights, CNN reported. Airports near the US' north eastern border with Canada were among the worst hit by the storm, including Chicago O'Hare International Airport and airports in Michigan and Minnesota.  The latest chaos at US airports has come after the National Weather Service (NWS) issued winter storm warnings for 29 states across America earlier this week. A blizzard is even expected in sunny Southern California's mountains for the first time since 1989. “We are in for a VERY busy week!" the NWS bureau in San Diego tweeted. “We have issued warnings for damaging winds, heavy mountain snow, highly hazardous boating conditions and the list goes on." READ MORE: Beast from the East could bring -10C freeze with snow set to hit UK Speaking to Associated Press at Denver International Airport, Taylor Dotson, her husband, Reggie, and their 4-year-old girl, Raegan, faced a two-hour flight delay to Nashville on their way home to Belvidere, Tennessee. Reggie Dotson was in Denver to interview for a job as an airline pilot. Taylor told AP: "I think that’s kind of funny that we’ve experienced these types of delays when that’s what he’s looking into getting into now as a career." DON'T MISS: Genius way to move your car if its stuck in ice or snow Siberian snow storm set to engulf whole UK by March Texas truck slides down frozen Fort Worth road  The cold snap is expected to continue in the northern US for the remainder of the week, with temperatures dropping as low as -28c in some states. Wind chills may fall to minus 50 F (minus 46 C), said meteorologist Nathan Rick in Grand Forks, North Dakota. Minneapolis and St Paul may be buried in snow, with forecaster Matt Benz forecasting up to 18 inches for the Minnesota cities. The AccuWeather meteorologist said: "There is a high probability that Minneapolis will pick up 18 inches of snow or more from the storm. "The February record of 13.8 inches of snow from a single storm is likely to be smashed."  The latest US winter storm is so large it's reported that around 65 million Americans were living under one of the latest weather warnings on Wednesday. It is expected that more storms will follow this week after the chaos caused yesterday, with travellers being warned to prepare alternative routes home if flights are grounded once more. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews