The baby thought to be missing in Brighton must be found before nightfall, a leading children’s health specialist has warned, or the risk of hypothermia will “increase”. Professor Monica Lakhanpaul of University College London told Express.co.uk: “We have no way of knowing how long this child can survive.”  More than 200 officers are scouring a golf course and allotment on the Sussex Downs, employing helicopters, drones and police dogs, in a desperate attempt to locate the missing baby. The baby’s parents, Constance Marten, 35, and Mark Gordon, 48, were arrested by Sussex police on suspicion of child neglect and later for gross negligence manslaughter. The pair were initially reported missing after their car broke down on January 5. It was found burning on the M61 near Bolton. It is believed Marten and Gordon travelled from Liverpool to Essex, before moving around areas of east and north London, eventually travelling to Newhaven in East Sussex.  At 9:30am on February 28, the couple were spotted in Brighton and the police moved in, however the baby’s location remains unknown. Professor Lakhanpaul says the missing child is threatened in three distinct ways. Firstly, when “the temperature dips” as the afternoon becomes evening, the danger of “hypothermia” becomes a principal concern. “When you have hypothermia your blood vessels shut down and [that] reduces oxygen to your organs”, she said. “It may cause problems with your heart, lungs, kidneys and even your brain."  She continued: “Babies are at higher risk of hypothermia. They lose heat faster, the baby may not have enough clothes… and they also have [a] relatively larger head to body [ratio] where they lose heat from.” Besides the risk posed to the baby from hypothermia, the child’s nutritional deficit will also worsen over time. “Babies at that age… they need fluid, they need food, and they get that through their milk”, Professor Lakhanpaul said. “The big thing is without any hydration… without any milk going into the child, you’re affecting their nutrition and their well being.” The third element that puts the missing baby in peril is the risk of infection, caused by exposure to freezing conditions and a lack of essential nutrition. “Out in the cold they’re at risk of infection… we don’t know how depleted they are of their own nutrition to fight infection. The children’s health expert continued: “At two months old they’re already at higher risk of picking up an infection.”   Despite her considerable expertise, the professor conceded that nobody knows how long the police have to find the baby, due to the number of possible scenarios the child could have been left in. She says the “key question” relates to the care with which Marten and Gordon left their baby. “A child who's been put in a basket with warmth and been fed and was recently left, is going to be in a very different state than a child that’s been out in the cold with very thin clothes in the woods somewhere. “There’s not just risks to the child of the cold, but also you don’t know whether they’ve been left with other creatures or animals.” At present the Sussex and Metropolitan police officers are searching a “vast area” of “open land”, according to Deputy Superintendent Lewis Basford. 