Over the past 50 years, marriage rates have fallen and we’ve become ever more blase about the need to marry. Today we barely bat an eyelid when a couple tells us they are having a baby but say nothing about their plans to marry. Yet the case for marriage is as strong as it has ever been. Some say marriage is old-fashioned. It’s anything but. Marriage goes with the grain of human nature. The psychology of marriage is compelling. Relationships between two complex human beings with their frailties and shortcomings and background histories are fraught with risk. Relationships would be easy if we only ever experienced “for better”, “for richer” and “in health”. But the litmus test is how we cope when things turn out “for worse”, “for poorer”, “in sickness”. Marriage involves a clear mutual decision about a future together, it sends a big signal that puts you both on the same page, removes lingering doubts and ambiguities – and gets others to cheer you on. Starting from that point of clarity encourages good things, like sacrifice and forgiveness. Marriage assumes we will blow it but provides a platform that gives us more of a chance when we do. Of course, you can do this without getting married. You can make a promise to one another to spend the rest of your life together. You can stand up and celebrate this with your friends. But whereas these things are optional if you cohabit, they happen automatically if you marry. I’ve been researching and writing about marriage for more than 20 years. For the past decade I’ve been research director for Marriage Foundation, collaborating with top family researchers in the UK and US. What I’ve found continues to support the case for marriage. Most importantly, in study after study I’ve found that couples who marry are more likely to stay together. Even after you discount differences in age, income, education or time spent in the relationship, the odds of staying together are still much better if you’re married than if you’re not. I won’t pretend marriage is a silver bullet, but it does stack the odds in your favour. It’s the reason almost all societies throughout history have recognised marriage as a special kind of social construct. There’s lots of evidence that active decisions change the way we think. We like to be consistent. After a decision we tend to see the thing or person we have chosen more positively, and the alternatives rejected more negatively. If we never made that choice quite so explicitly, we’re less likely to let the little slips go and more likely to be keeping an eye on any alternatives out there. We live today in a time of the highest rates of family breakdown in history. But divorce is not the problem. Divorce rates are the lowest they’ve been since the 1970s. The main driver of family breakdown is the collapse of families who don’t marry, meaning nearly half of all children are not living with both natural parents by the time they finish school. That’s in no way an indictment of lone parents. I have no idea how single mums or dads cope doing all the things couples do, but with only one pair of hands. Yet despite heroic efforts, children tend to fare worse on average. Much is down to resources. One pair of hands means less time and less money. Children need a mix of love and boundaries. The temptation on your own is to do one or the other. And there’s a huge cost to society to provide the support lone parents need. Roughly six in ten lone parents receive benefits compared to one in ten lone parents Curiously, marriage is alive and well among white collar workers, with three quarters of high earners – the top tax band rather than the super-rich – married when they have children. That goes up to nearly nine out of ten within a few years of parenthood. It’s at the other end of the scale that marriage has collapsed. Fewer than one in four of the lowest earners are married when their children are born. Yet public policy is anti-marriage. If you receive benefits, you’ll know that what you get is based on household income. Move in with your partner, let alone marry them, and you stand to lose the lot – it is called the “couple penalty”. The miracle is not that so few low earners get married – it’s that any do. That’s why Marriage Week is so important. Most people want to marry. Marriage generally works more than it doesn’t. So this week celebrate your own marriage or the marriages of those you know and love.