Patrick Mahomes may be one of the best talents in the NFL, but even the best sometimes stick to strict superstitions before matches. The Kansas City Chiefs quarterback is one of them, and apparently wears the same pair of underwear for every game. Former Chiefs back-up quarterback Chad Henne has claimed that Mahomes always wears the same pair of red underwear for each NFL game. Henne announced his retirement from the NFL after the Chiefs won the Super Bowl against the Philadelphia Eagles, but leaves on a high after making an appearance in the postseason. Henne threw his first ever postseason touchdown against the Jacksonville Jaguars while Mahomes was being treated for an ankle injury, and has called time after earning his second Super Bowl ring. After announcing his retirement, Henne appeared on the The Adam Schefter Podcast to discuss his career and all things Chiefs. While hailing Mahomes, he also let slip on an unknown superstition the quarterback has. Mahomes may be a special talent, but he has a strict routine that he follows every single matchday. It's a routine that has persisted ever since Henne joined the Chiefs back in 2018. "He has a baseball background, so he has to have a certain thing each and every day," Henne said. "He comes in, he does his work. His notes are written out a certain way. Same pair of underwear, which not a lot of people probably know, on gameday. He's been wearing it since I've been part of it." But despite the superstition, Henne credited Mahomes' preparation and claimed that the quarterback knows every single play call like clockwork. "His preparation is unbelievable, how he goes about it," Henne added. "He knows exactly how many plays are in each section on Andy Reid's call sheet. If it's off by one play, it's going to be mentioned that week. He dives into it deeply, and it's fun to watch each and every day." Mahomes now has two Super Bowl titles to his name, matching the amount that Tom Brady had collected by the time that the former NFL star had reached the age of 27. Mahomes has lofty ambitions of matching Brady one day, but refuses to be compared to him just yet. The quarterback was asked if he is already the greatest, and in a mark of respect to Brady he said: "Ask me when I'm like 38." Mahomes is certainly going that way though, although he's still five titles behind Brady.