Jake Paul and Tommy Fury square off tomorrow night at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia at the third time of asking. Ahead of their inaugural encounter in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after sustaining a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. But it appears everything is in place to go ahead this weekend and Express Sport has you covered with everything you need to know about the blockbuster showdown including why it is taking place on Sunday rather than the traditional Saturday fight day. Why is Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury taking place on Sunday? Paul vs Fury is taking place on Sunday, February 26 rather than Saturday in order to avoid clashing with Floyd Mayweather’s exhibition bout against Aaron Chalmers. Mayweather takes on the ex-Geordie Shore star at the OVO Wembley Arena in his first fight across the pond. Fight time and live stream The undercard is set to commence at 5pm UK time with the Paul vs Fury main event ring walks expected around 9.30pm. Paul vs Fury will be broadcast live on BT Sport Box Office in the UK. The pay-per-view price has been set at £19.95. BT Sport’s coverage will get underway from 6.30pm and can be live streamed via their app and website on all good internet-connected devices including mobile phones, laptops and smart TVs. You can keep up to date with all of the latest news surrounding the bout here on Express Sport. Full card Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury Ilunga Makabu vs Badou Jack – WBC cruiserweight title fight Bader Samreen vs Viorel Simion Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafaro Ziyad Almaayouf vs Janos Penzes Adam Saleh vs Evil Hero Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Ragad Al Naimi vs TBA Salaman Hamada vs TBA Ziad Al-Majrashi vs TBA MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury and Paul stats show one fighter is clearly the bigger puncher Chisora willing to place eye-watering Paul vs Froch bet Inside Mayweather's houses, jets and girlfriends after amounting £400m Quotes Jake Paul: “The moment of truth has finally arrived. On February 26th, I will get in the ring with a ‘real boxer,’ an 8-0 fighter from a storied fighting family and show the world the truth about who Jake Paul, the boxer, really is. This fight doesn’t happen without the vision and support of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, its Ministry of Sport and Skill Challenge Entertainment Enterprises. I am excited to come to Riyadh and put on a show for the world to see.” Tommy Fury: “Jake Paul’s boxing career ends on February 26th and I can finally move on with mine. Every time I go out right now, everybody asks me about the Jake Paul fight. After this fight is done, everybody will be asking me how it felt to knock Jake Paul out. The world is about to see what happens when a proper boxer faces a YouTuber.” 