Vanessa Feltz has recently spoken on her devastating split from her ex-fiancé Ben Ofoedu, and now it’s been claimed she learned of his alleged infidelity on Christmas Day, after this supposed lover trolled her daughter online, it has been claimed. The broadcaster has had a tough time as of late after revealing she had split from her partner of 16 years. Vanessa's daughter Allegra Kurer shared how affected her family were to learn of Ben's alleged behaviour. Allegra, 37, and her younger sister Saskia, 34, allegedly received the "awful" messages over the festive period and knew they had to tell their mother. She told Daily Mail: "It was on Christmas Day, of all days. We were all together as a family, but Ben was away in pantomime when the messages appeared via Instagram. READ MORE: CBeebies star Sarah-Jane Honeywell, 49, strips for topless photo "Until that moment we were having a really lovely time, the children were having a lovely time, so for us to just receive that via a social media account was the most dreadful shock. "It was anonymous, and of course, it revealed lots that we didn't know — but it was also very abusive and extremely hurtful." Allegra said it was "horrible" when the time came to tell Vanessa about the messages, which she described as "abusive". While Allegra noted the messages were anonymous, she said there was enough information to believe the claims against Ben could be true. Allegra said she reported the messages to the police with hopes that it will be sorted. She added that the breakup of her mum and Ben has been “devastating” for all of them. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives of Ben Ofoedu for comment. Ben and Vanessa have been together since 2005 and made regular appearances together both on-screen and in magazines. DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson takes aim at The Beatles' ‘just plain awful' songs (PHOTOS)Ulrika Jonsson slams DiCaprio’s ‘sickening fling’ with 19-year-old (NEWS)Liz Hurley struggles to contain assets in plunging white bikini (LATEST) Vanessa revealed that they had broken up last Saturday. She said: "I had thought it might take a bit longer before this came out because it’s a lot to deal with — a shock like this takes some adjusting to — but I am extremely sad and disappointed that my 16-year relationship with Ben is over." Confirming their split to The Sun on Sunday, Vanessa added: "Who knew I’d be single at 60? “However, ladies, it’s onwards and upwards and I firmly believe that the best is yet to come." She tried to stay positive, saying: "I hear that Kylie Minogue is single again, so I’m in good company — if she wants to hit the town, hook me up." Ben is thought to have now moved out of their £ 3.5 million home in St John’s Wood, North London. The pair met back in 2005, with Vanessa having divorced Michael Kurer five years earlier following cheating allegations. Ben popped the question a year after the first meeting, but Vanessa had shared her worries about marrying him.