Prince Harry's appearance at his father's Coronation could "rock the boat" among the Royal Family, as an expert has claimed his brother, Prince William, has "more to lose" should the Duke attend. The 38-year-old and his elder brother, the Prince of Wales, have been involved in a ongoing feud for years, particularly since Harry's departure as a senior working royal in 2020. In an article published for Vogue, the author of the article, Raven Smith, wrote: "[The] attention has finally turned away from she said, she said to clashing Princes. "And I wonder if anyone really need pick a side? It does feel as though both men are juggling hereditary duty and public opinion with family realities." Despite this, the article added that William "simply has more to lose if [Harry] rocks the boat." Writing of the ongoing feud, the article states, "as long as there’s a Royal Family, there will be pomp and pageantry and polls about abolition. READ MORE: Meghan 'lacking huge fan club' in the US as public 'tired' of 'oversaturation' "There will be nastiness and nit-picking and negativity. "There will be weddings and coronations and Westminster Abbeys. "There will be Charles, then William, then George, so saddle up." The article continued: "Long live speculation." READ MORE: King Charles set to ditch clothing that is key to Coronation tradition as it's 'too dated' The brothers once shared a close bond, with their bond sadly breaking down over the past few years. In his bomshell memoir, Spare, Harry revealed a conflict between him and his brother, which resulted in phyically injury. The incident, which was first recounted in Spare, saw the Prince of Wales grabbing Harry's collar and knocking him to the floor. According to Harry, the 40-year-old ripped his necklace and shattered a dog bowl when he was thrown down. Harry claimed the confrontation happened "so very fast" after William described Meghan as "rude" and "abrasive". DON'T MISS The King's Coronation is set to take place on May 6 at Westminster Abbey, although the guest list has yet to be formally announced. The historic ceremony will be the first to be held for a British monarch in over seventy years.