Leeds are on the lookout for a new manager with Jesse Marsch reportedly being sacked, although Marcelo Bielsa is 'unlikely' to return. Marsch only took over at Leeds a year ago with the club embroiled in a tense relegation battle.  He came in as Bielsa's replacement, who became an icon among Leeds fans as the Argentine helped lead them back into the Premier League for the first time in 16 years. Marsch managed to save Leeds from going back down to the Championship in dramatic fashion last season. The American head coach was then heavily backed in the summer transfer window with young talent such as Brenden Aaronson, Luis Sinisterra and Tyler Adams being signed in the hope of climbing up the table. After a promising start to the campaign, including wins over Wolves and Chelsea, results soon took a turn for the worse. Their woeful form continued at the weekend as Leeds fell to a disappointing 1-0 defeat away to rivals Nottingham Forest. And Leeds have now announced they've parted ways with Marsch with the search for their next manager now underway.  Some Leeds fans have been clamouring for Bielsa to return to the club with many still upset at the Argentine being fired 12 months ago. But transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims Bielsa's return to Leeds is 'unlikely at this stage'. Leeds are said to be grateful for what Bielsa did for the club during his time in charge, but appear ready to move in a different direction. The 67-year-old was recently linked with taking over at Everton, but he decided against taking the post. West Brom boss Carlos Corberan is seen as the favourite to take over at Leeds, but several others are expected to be in the running. Leeds' statement announcing Marsch's dismissal read: “Leeds United can confirm head coach Jesse Marsch has been relieved of his duties. Jesse joined the club in February 2022 and was instrumental in keeping the club in the Premier League on the final day of last season. “Rene Maric, Cameron Toshack and Pierre Barrieu will also leave the club. We would like to thank Jesse and his backroom staff for their efforts and wish them well for the future. “The process of appointing a new head coach is underway and we will continue to keep supporters up to date throughout the coming days.” 