Lord John Grey (played by David Berry) has become one of Outlander’s most popular characters on both the page and the screen. As he’s set to reunite with Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) again in the upcoming seventh season of Starz’s hit adaptation of Diana Gabaldon’s novels, fans have been discussing the possibility of throwing more members of the Grey family into the mix. Outlander fans have requested Lord Grey’s mother and sister-in-law to be introduced in the final two seasons of the historical drama. John’s mother Benedicta was introduced in Gabaldon’s spin-off novels, while Minerva appeared in the novella A Fugitive Green, as well as the seventh book in the main series, An Echo in the Bone. As the upcoming seventh season will be partly based on book seven, there may be a strong possibility that fans will get to meet some of John’s extended family. Redditor u/u/2003CDiana posted recently: “I need to see these two ladies on TV.” READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence “They are bada**, funny and well ahead of their time. In fact the whole Grey family would be a delight to watch.” Unfortunately, John’s family have yet to appear in the series despite playing a major role throughout Gabaldon’s novels. There has been plenty of discussion amongst the viewers about a potential Lord Grey spin-off, as the author’s offshoot novels about the character have proven popular. Sadly, Starz hasn’t announced any plans just yet, and instead opted for a prequel series based on Jamie’s parents to take the place of the flagship drama. However, this fan insisted: “There would be plenty of drama, mystery and comedy with Lord John and his family, Tom, Harry, Nassie, Percy etc. “I am not talking a full series, a mini or limited miniseries at least. I just need to see these people on screen. “I enjoy reading their stories. And I can never get enough of Lord John, I love him on the show and in the books.” While most fans have accepted the fact John won’t be getting his own show any time soon, they are at least hopeful his story could be expanded within the last two seasons. DON'T MISS:The Mandalorian season 4 already written, Jon Favreau confirms [INTERVIEW]The Last of Us fans demand ‘fix’ as production blunders exposed [BACKLASH]Virgin River’s Martin Henderson spotted in adorable first role [VIDEO] He has only appeared in a handful of episodes in recent years, despite playing an undeniably important role throughout Gabaldon’s original Outlander saga. u/rural_juror12 agreed, replying: “Omg! I LOVE the Grey family. Of course LJG. Hal too, the fixer that he is. And always kind of a pain in the a**. “But the women… kick a**. Minnie and Benedicta, but also [John’s niece] Dottie. “I hope they include Dottie in the show now that the Hunters and older William are going to be there.” And u/OutlanderMom added: “There’s talk of a LJG spinoff. Hopefully we’ll get to see them all. I enjoyed the side books almost as much as the big books, and I adore LJG!” Although there’s no plans for more spin-offs just yet, hopefully Outlander remains popular enough with the release of Blood of my Blood to reignite the possibility of John Grey returning to screens. Outlander season 7 premieres summer 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.