A rapist who subjected his victim to months of horrific abuse has been jailed for 12 years. Mohammed Abu Hurayra Anik was found guilty of three counts of rape, as well as additional charges including controlling behaviour and actual bodily harm.    The 24-year-old was sentenced at Snaresbrook Crown Court today for his reign of terror which began in February last year and ended when he was arrested in July.   The court heard that on last July he was walking along the River Thames in Wapping, London, with his victim when he launched a vicious attack.   He rained punches on her, then tied her hands together and raped her.   My London reports it was the final straw for the victim, who had suffered an onslaught of rape and mental and physical abuse, and was threatened with a knife.     Anik, from Stepney, East London, would track his victim's phone and turn up unexpectedly and uninvited outside her workplace.   He was arrested by police on July 22, 2022. Following a three-week trial he was found guilty of three counts of rape, one of assault by penetration, one attempted rape, three counts of actual bodily harm, two counts of controlling or coercive behaviour, and one count of threatening to disclose private photographs or videos. Investigating officer Detective Constable Charlotte Henderson said: "Anik is a controlling predator who subjected the victim, a woman who he knew, to repeated abuse and suffering over a period of five months."  READ MORE:   She added: "Like all sexual offenders he is also a coward.   “He tried to lie and manipulate his way out of trouble; claiming the bruises he had inflicted on the victim were due to a 'skin condition', denying sexual offences and blaming arguments on the victim, and attempting to use cultural shame and the release of private images of her in a bid to silence her.   "Her courage in reporting and persevering through the court process, despite the risks to her own mental and physical wellbeing, protects others from being targeted by Anik.”   DON'T MISSPigeon dyed for 'gender reveal' party found by wildlife care [PICTURED]New law may see THOUSANDS losing ability to vote at next election [ANALYSIS]BMW driver jailed for killing boys while speeding at 57mph in bus lane [REPORT]     And in a statement the Met Police said: "The Met takes allegations of sexual offences seriously and recognises the courage that it takes for victims to come forward. "We need women to always report these crimes. You will be listened to and taken seriously. "Your identity will be protected and specialist officers will support you right through the investigation."