On Wednesday’s instalment of This Morning, Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby were speaking about the newest addition to Molly Mae and Tommy Fury’s family, Bambi. Although some have complimented the unique name, Phil seemed less than impressed. This week, the two Love Island stars announced they’ve welcomed a baby girl into the world after sharing a snap of the tot on Instagram.In an image uploaded to her social media page, it showed the newborn in a clear cot as light clouds hung over her head with a neon sign on the wall revealing her name, Bambi.A plush toy from the Disney animation of the same name was sitting in the bed next to the baby, although many fans called out that the character from the film was a male.Speaking about the new arrival on ITV’s This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby congratulated the new parents. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital With Holly stating the unique name was cute, Phil highlighted it’s sparked an online debate on whether or not parents should be more thoughtful about what they call their children.Holly said: “The most important thing is they’ve brought a healthy life into the world.”Phil slammed: “Is it anyone’s business what you call your baby?”Guest Vanessa Feltz shared the unique names of her children, Allegra and Saskia before telling the hosts she was thrilled with both of them. Phil replied: “But if there was a child in school called salad bowl, it can be anything, you can call your child anything you like.”Vanessa replied: “Then they would be known as Sally and nobody would care.”With Holly reminding her co-host that it’s the choice of the parent what they want to call their newborn, Tom Swarbrick honed in on Elon Musks’ child, X AE A-XII.He said: “I mean, good luck to them, it's quite a mouthful and it’s probably difficult to explain that. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street danger for Sean as Laurence’s past is ‘exposed’ [SOAP] The Catch star details ‘impossible’ scenes with Jason Watkins [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [VIDEO] “I think you’re right, people are going to judge but people will judge about anything so live and let live.”Molly and Tommy first met in 2019 on the ITV reality dating show Love Island where they came in second place.Since then, the duo have remained in a relationship before falling pregnant this year, in the past few months, Molly touched on the name of their baby girl admitting people will love or hate it.She’s previously explained: “It's not made up, it's totally not made up, I can't explain it. “It's just not a name that's ever been used before. It's very very different and rare and you're either going to love it or hate it."I've had the name picked out since I was a baby girl myself. It's always been a dream baby girl name and luckily when I met Tommy and I told him the name I've always dreamt of using, he absolutely loved it too."It's an unusual and a different name, I do not know anybody else with the name. I've not seen any other girls with the name before, it's that different."This Morning continues weekdays on ITV from 10am