The S Club 7 star took to Instagram last night with an emotional update for her 320,000 Instagram followers. The 44-year-old confirmed she had moved house, six months after announcing her split from husband Alex Bourne. The singer was inundated with messages from loved ones and fans as she discussed "new beginnings". The brunette beauty confirmed she and her former spouse, 45, were no longer together last July. She is now living in a new home and said she was "incredibly grateful" for the support she had receieved. Rachel was seen smiling in a candid selfie following the big day, as she apologised for her lack of posts. READ MORE: Fern Britton in mishap as she admits being 'in love' with fellow celeb Wearing her tresses down in a soft wave, the star's beauty was impossible to miss while she was dressed in a simple black top. "Hey all. Hope you’re really well," Rachel captioned it. "What a week it’s been… sorry I’ve been MIA. "I’ve just moved home today and I’m up to my ears in boxes and feeling such a mix of emotions." The hitmaker continued: "I’m so incredibly grateful for the love and support I have around me. "Trusting the process and the magic of new beginnings." Bandmate Jo O'Meara replied with three love hearts, while The Great British Bake Off star Tom Hetherington did the same. Presenter Josh Smith also told her he was "sending love". DON'T MISSAustin Butler shares 'what they don't tell you about winning' awardsAnt's 'disgusting habit' mocked by Dec as he's forced to change outfitDebbie Harry looks radiant as she ditches signature blonde hair She also got a long list of kind messages from fans, with one writing: "Congratulations on your new home Rachel. Fresh beginnings always feel a bit weird at first but in a strange way, it does work itself out to be right. "Get the tunes on whilst unpacking! It always helps xxxx." A second continued: "Sending love to you and the girls for this fresh start in your new home together." Last summer, Rachel confirmed the sad news of her split on the picture-sharing app. She wrote at the time: "I just wanted to share with you all that after time and consideration the difficult decision has been made for Alex and I to separate. "While we are no longer partners in marriage, we will remain partners in parenthood to our beautiful girls and continue with love and respect for each other. "I feel so incredibly grateful for the life we built together and will now continue to be focused on moving forward united as a family." Rachel and Alex wed back in August 2009. They are parents to two daughters, born in 2010 and 2014.