Valentine’s Day is a big deal and the occasion marks a celebration of all-things-love with the people you’re closest to. There’s no better way to show them you care than by giving them a unique and special gift. While it can be lovely to splurge on a present, it’s not necessary for gift giving and this year Brits are moving to spend less on shopping. Plus, a study commissioned by Card Factory showed that 62 percent of Brits are aiming to buy a card or gift for Valentine’s Day this year, with one in two people aiming to spend less than £20. This is less than the average spend in 2020, which was around £30. It also showed that 80 percent of Brits preferred receiving more meaningful gifts over expensive items. Letterbox gifts are definitely heartfelt items and can fit easily through your doorstep, which makes them great for last-minute ordering. What’s more, you can find a variety of letterbox-sized gifts including flower bouquets, personalised items, beauty, sparkling wine and chocolate. So if you’re looking for budget-friendly Valentine’s Day gifts, here’s a guide on the best letterbox gift ideas for the UK in 2023. Digital payments company Square found that in 2022, sales for products with hearts and chocolate spiked by 57.7 percent and 44.9 percent accordingly. Regardless of gender, cards are the most popular gift with more than 52 percent of shoppers giving them to their loved ones. And you can make them even more sentimental by personalising cards with a thoughtful message or adding a picture. Moonpig is also offering shoppers free cards when they buy flowers and gifts online with the code LOVE. Available until February 11, 2023, you can find a range of funny and cute cards to personalise. Cards are one of the most gifted items to women on Valentine’s Day with around 145 million cards sold in the UK each year. In addition, flower bouquets are also super popular with £261 million being spent on flowers and 40 percent of British women wanting to receive them. Other popular items include clothing, lingerie, beauty products, chocolates and houseplants.