Rishi Sunak has now been Prime Minister for 100 days. Compared to the frantic days of Liz Truss it feels as though he hasn’t achieved much. But one big change that has already come is a slowdown in the pursuit of ‘Brexit opportunities’. Brexit opportunities refer to the idea that, outside the EU, the UK is free to remake its rules and regulations to better suit its own interests. This was a key plank of Boris Johnson’s political agenda. He saw new immigration, subsidy and procurement policies as the key to levelling up the country. Liz Truss turbocharged this idea by arguing for the deregulation of financial services to boost growth. Neither leader had much success in achieving their aims, and it was Truss’s spooking of the financial markets which opened the door to Sunak. He came to power on the explicit promise of calming markets and restoring economic credibility. And the evidence shows that this has, perhaps unsurprisingly, led to a major slowdown in the pursuit of Brexit opportunities. At UK in a Changing Europe, an academic think tank based at King’s College London, we have been tracking where UK and EU regulations have moved away from one another since Brexit. This can happen in two broad ways. ‘Active divergence’, where the UK scraps or change rules outside the EU (for example a new scheme to replace the EU’s Common Agricultural Policy), and ‘passive divergence’ where the EU makes new rules which the UK doesn’t follow (for example new bans on plastic packaging). Under Sunak, our research shows a clear slowdown in the rate of ‘active divergence’, where the UK seeks to chuck or change rules it inherited from the EU. On top of this, it has delayed some of the most significant cases of active divergence which were soon to take effect. A key deadline for the establishment of the UK’s independent regime for chemicals regulation has been postponed by two years, as has the full introduction of a new UKCA mark which certifies the quality of manufactured goods. In the meantime, the UK will continue to rely on approval assessments carried out in the EU. This may frustrate Brexiteers, but the Government argues that it had little choice due to the disruption that the new regimes would have caused for businesses. Getting chemicals re-registered on a new UK database is proving a bureaucratic nightmare, with the transition expected to cost companies somewhere in the region of £1.5-3.5bn. Likewise, a lack of UK testing capacity means it would currently take 75 years to re-approve every radiator in Britain for a new UKCA mark. Making the UKCA mark mandatory from the start of 2023 would have led to vital manufacturing goods disappearing from the UK market, crippling the construction industry. This is a clear signal from the Sunak government that it puts the interests of business before the Brexit opportunities. If the choice is between minimising business disruption and being able to fully implement independent UK systems that don’t rely on EU processes, it tends to choose the former. Politically, this may have consequences. This could lead to charges of Brexit betrayal. But the truth is that remaking regulation is a slow, and frankly boring, process. It is very hard to sweep away EU rules and regulations overnight because Government needs time to consult on, design and implement new systems. Businesses also need time to get up to speed with the changes. This takes years and years.  And the more things you try to change at once, the more you clog up Government and regulator capacity. The irony is that rapid deregulation creates lots more new Whitehall bureaucracy. The promise of sudden and sweeping regulatory reform after Brexit was thus always highly unrealistic. Yet there is one policy where Sunak continues to pursue Brexit opportunities at 100 miles an hour. That is the retained EU Law Bill, which would see thousands of regulations inherited from the EU expire at the end of 2023. This sudden and sweeping approach to deregulation has been vociferously criticised by businesses, as it creates all the problems outlined above, a thousand times over. Sunak continues to promise he will deliver on the Bill, yet his wider approach to Brexit opportunities implies he would rather not. As chance would have it, there is a clause in the Bill which allows the Government to delay the expiry of as many EU regulations as it wants from 2023 to 2026. This would take us beyond the next election, by which point the next Government could well have pulled the Bill altogether. Don’t be surprised if the Retained EU Law Bill is the next thing this government delays. 