Sunday evening saw 11 million people tune into the BBC drama Happy Valley as the long-running series came to a sensational end. However, This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were sent an early release of the final episode to watch as they would be hosting Dancing On Ice when it aired. After nearly a decade on screen, fans were eager to watch how the long-running rivalry between Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) and Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) would come to an end. Across the three series, viewers followed the journey of the criminal and the strong-willed officer who pursued the man who assaulted her late daughter after being released from prison. With millions tuning in to see how the showdown would happen, many morning shows were talking about the gripping ending, including This Morning. Before speaking about the last episode of Happy Valley, the two hosts confessed they watched it ahead of its official air date. READ MORE:Countryfile backlash as fans scream at BBC over Adam mining segment   Phillip bragged: “We were on Dancing on Ice last night. We’re very lucky and thank you to the BBC because they sent us through last week, the preview episode. “We got to watch it on Friday, there’s a secret you’ve got to keep quiet. “I’ve never had such a brilliant poker face in my life!” However, after hearing the duo were allowed to watch the finale ahead of time, many viewers slammed the pair for being given preferential treatment.   KarenlovesGB said: “Given the Happy Valley finale to watch on Friday? Why is this pair given preferential treatment yet again? And showing off about too smh #thismorning." RobsonMcTanned slammed: “Holly and Phil always have to be first, be it watching TV or jumping Qs #thismorning." NordicLaura added: “Did they just say they saw it on Friday, before everyone else......??? #ThisMorning.” Joolz1904 tweeted: “Phil has to let everyone know he was one of the first to see the Happy Valley finale.” DON'T MISS... GMB fans slam Happy Valley debate as guest calls series 'unhealthy' [REACTION] Dancing on Ice viewers ‘fuming’ as Ekin-Su forced to leave competion [DANCING ON ICE] Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex wants to ‘take risks’ on show [INSIGHT]  KazP19 commented: “So what you're saying there Phil is that you & Holly jumped the queue to see the Happy Valley finale." With Kellymcc5 adding: “You would have thought they would have learned their lesson from queuegate.” This isn't the first incident where the two presenters have caused controversy as last year they were accused of skipping the queue to see Queen Elizabeth II lying in state. Holly and Phillip faced backlash as many accused them of using their celebrity status to jump the line at Westminster Abbey.   A video circulated online which showed them both being led past the regular queue of mourners, with some having spent hours in line waiting to pay their respects. The pair addressed the issue on the show as Holly explained they were given official permission to access the hall along with other press. At the time, an online petition was set up with calls to axe them both from their presenting roles which surpassed 40,000 signatures. This Morning continues weekdays on ITV from 10am   