Britain's youngest National Lottery winner who blew nearly £2million on drugs and cosmetic surgery is now heading to university to study to become a nurse. Callie Rogers, now 34, was just 16-years-old when she won the £1.8million jackpot in 2003. She later revealed she blew £18,000 on boob jobs, £300,000 on clothes and £500,000 on "gifts" for friends and family, leaving her penniless. But now, Callie is hoping to turn her life around after securing a place on a nursing course as the University of Central Lancashire. She said "Taking time out and working on yourself to become a better person pays off," reports The Sun. "So proud of myself and the future I'm making for my little family," she added. Callie won the jackpot when she was just a teenager earning £3.60 an hour as a checkout girl at the Co-op and was living with foster parents in Cockermouth, Cumbria.  The mum of four was also given a driving ban in 2021 after her 4x4 crashed into a hedge while she was high on cocaine, according to reports. She had to be pepper sprayed when police detained her after she veered off a country lane while being chased by police in Cumbria. In 2018, Callie was assaulted by two women after a night out, leaving her unconscious with broken ribs, smashed teeth, concussion and permanent sight damage. In March 2021, it was reported that the lottery winner was claiming Universal Credit despite her 2003 win of £1.8million. READ MORE: Biden's 'strong' support for Ukraine increasingly at odds with public  Callie suggested lottery companies should impose age limits after her winnings sent her off the rails. She said: "You're only 16, with all that responsibility. At that age, you can get the best advice ever but you're not in a position to listen. "I was too young. Overnight I went from [a] carefree child to [an] adult." Within weeks of winning she met Nicky Lawson, father of her eldest two children, and moved into a £180,000 bungalow. DON'T MISS:Kate's words to William as she taps his bottom in rare PDA at BAFTAs [INSIGHT]Harvey Weinstein begs for mercy as he's jailed for a further 16 years [COMMENT]Harry waiting for invite before deciding whether to attend Coronation [PICTURES]  But five years later, her relationship fell apart and she attempted suicide. At a particular low point, her children were taken away from her and she splashed £17,000 on a boob job to help with her confidence. 