Raynaud’s syndrome is a common circulation condition thought to affect one in five people across the world, characterised by cold, sore or numb parts of the body that sometimes change colour - usually the fingers and toes. Symptoms can be worsened by anxiety, stress and cold temperatures but sufferers may be able to claim Personal Independence Payment (PIP) from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP).    There are nearly three million working age adults across the UK currently claiming support through PIP. To qualify for this financial support, people must have a health condition or disability that affects daily living and expect these difficulties to continue for at least nine months. While there is no specific condition that guarantees eligibility for PIP, Raynaud’s syndrome could mean Britons are entitled to a payout - even if they are still working. Beneftis expert Paul Brennan said: “You don’t need a serious physical disability to claim PIP - there are currently 2,217 people across the UK claiming support for sleep apnea and conditions of the upper respiratory tract." READ MORE: We tested a heated throw to see if you could keep warm for 5p an hour   Conditions like Raynaud’s syndrome or any other ailment that means people need help with preparing food, bathing, using the toilet, dressing, moving, or planning a journey could mean Britons are entitled to PIP. Mr Brennan added: "Even if you’re in employment, you could be entitled to payouts of up to £156 per week to help with your costs. "You will need an initial assessment to work out the level of financial help you’re entitled to, and regular reviews to make sure you are getting the right support. "For the assessment, you will likely need to attend an interview either in person, over the phone or in a video call where the DWP will assess how difficult you find daily tasks." DON'T MISS:Pensioners warned about downsizing after interest rates hit 4% [WARNING]Top 10 regular savings accounts with high interest now [INSIGHT]TV licence explained - Simple steps to claim refund worth £159 [UPDATE]   The DWP scores applicants on each task and judges whether people can:   How to make a claim for PIP: Paul said: "Before contacting the DWP, make sure you have: your contact details, date of birth, National Insurance number, bank or building society account number and sort code. "It's also a good idea to have your doctor or health worker’s name, address and telephone number, and dates and addresses for any time you’ve spent abroad, in a care home or hospital. “The DWP will send you a form focusing on how your condition affects you."    Experts also advise putting in as much detail as possible to give the DWP a crystal clear picture of one's physical or mental health needs. Meanwhile, millions of state pensioners over the age of 66 could be missing out on up to £5,000 a year in Attendance Allowance the expert has also warned. Attendance Allowance is a weekly benefit helping people who are over state pension age who are physically or mentally disabled. It could be worth £400 a month and people can contact Benefits Answers for advice or help applying for DWP benefits.   