Roger Federer has been told that the BBC must give him “something special” if he is to take up a role in their Wimbledon coverage. The 41-year-old is said to be in talks with the broadcaster over working at the tournament in the near future but Alex Corretja told Express Sport that Federer should be “valued” for who he is and advised the Swiss star to maintain one condition in any discussions over joining the coverage. Federer is said to be having promising discussions with the BBC to join their Wimbledon coverage in the near future, according to The Telegraph. It comes ahead of what will be the first year without Sue Barker at the helm of their tournament broadcast, with the BBC looking to shake things up with some new faces. And the 20-time Grand Slam champion has already received some advice from a fellow retired-pro-turned-pundit, as Corretja told Express Sport that the 41-year-old should only take on a role if it’s as “special” as he is instead of calling matches from a commentary booth. “I mean Roger can do whatever he likes, he’s going to be welcome anywhere he goes,” the former world No 2 told Express Sport, discussing a potential broadcasting role for Federer at Wimbledon. “He knows tennis, he loves tennis, he is well respected, he’s such a classy guy and definitely that would be awesome for us to have him somewhere related to tennis.” Explaining why he thought it was important for ex-pros to be part of the coverage, Corretja continued: “I think it’s nice to have the ex-players involved because they can add lots of things, lots of experiences that no one lived before so if you’ve been there before it’s much easier to explain why players are feeling one way or another than if you’ve never been there before.  JUST IN: Djokovic told close figure is 'a bigger opponent' to him than Nadal   “I think it will be awesome to have Federer involved in tennis which I think he will continue, but the more he will be, the better for everyone.” But he was quick to call for the 103-time title winner to be “valued” by the BBC and other broadcasters, explaining that Federer needed his own show or segment that reflected how special he was. “I’m not so sure if he’s going to be calling matches or not, I’m not so sure if he’s going to be sitting in the booth, maybe he might do it from time to time,” the retired Spanish pro said. “But I see him running a show, being the main one there and saying ‘Okay, I’m the man here’, guiding the whole thing. Maybe doing interviews or a programme, doing something special.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic 'not in the business of scamming' as coach backs SerbDjokovic and Nadal on their relationship with pair 'not friends'Djokovic accused of faking injury again in Nadal and Mbappe comments And Corretja wanted Federer to keep it in mind when negotiating his own deals with the likes of the BBC, adding: “But it has to be something special and knowing Roger, for sure it’s going to be something special. “He’s not going to be calling matches for eight hours a day, I don’t think that makes sense. You need to value Federer as what he is and he has to be something very unique because he is very unique.” 