African Queens: Njinga arrives on Netflix on February 15 and it tells the story of the nation’s first female ruler. Njinga earned a reputation for her blend of political and diplomatic skill with military prowess. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. She quickly distinguished herself as an excellent ruler when she took over from Ngola Mbandi in 1624. Her tactics in warfare and espionage along with her diplomatic skills and her knowledge of trade and religious issues earned her a great deal of respect. In the docuseries, she is played by Adesuwa Oni, an actress, dancer and singer who has experience on the stage, screen and in musical theatre. Promoting the series on Instagram, she said: "Sooooo....this happened...God is good and kind to me. "I am beyond honoured, grateful and blessed to tell her story. I worked with the world's most incredible cast and crew on this and I can't wait for you all to see it." The star is also known for her roles in The Witcher, Operation Napoleon and Hanna. READ MORE: Will Smith details 'bottled rage' behind Chris Rock slap at Oscars Funji is played by Marilyn Nnadebe, who grew up in London and trained with The National Youth Theatre Rep Company. She went on to win the Norman Beaton Fellowship award and worked as an artist for the BBC Radio Drama Rep Company. The star has since gone on to work across screen, audio and stage. Her credits include The Lazarus Project, Doctors, I May Destroy You and Consensual. The series is narrated and executive produced by actress Jada Pinkett Smith and she explained how the series was inspired by Black Panther. She told Deadline: "Now is a wise time to launch as The Woman King and Wakanda Forever have made it easier for Netflix to tell this story. "We’re hoping this could inspire the next generation.” The idea for African Queens came from her daughter Willow Smith after Willow asked: “Who are the African queens and why don’t we know about them?” "I don’t think modern TV has even scratched the surface on these stories,” Jada said. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker sparks uproar with 'crass' question to Nicola's partnerArchie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out'GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' In a statement, Jada said there are so many stories to be told about the Black experience globally. She said: "I think that it's important to tell the stories now because we can and haven't always been able to. "Even though there's a lot more work to do, we're at a place now where we have the ability and the opportunity to tell stories that have been forgotten as well as the stories that are part of our everyday lives and what a gift that is. "It's a testament to standing on the shoulders of all of those that came before us that didn't have the opportunities that we have but were part of carving out the path for all of us to get to where we are today. "African Queens is in honor of that." Speaking to Tudum she added: "We don't often get to see or hear stories about Black queens, and that was really important for me, as well as for my daughter, and just for my community to be able to know those stories because there are tons of them. "The sad part is that we don't have ready access to these historical women who were so powerful and were the backbones of African nations." The narration over the trailer says: "Born into an era of darkness, a warrior, a queen, destined to lead." The leader is heard saying: "There are no slaves in my kingdom," as Jada continues: "She fearlessly defended her kingdom against European power."  African Queens: Njinga is on Netflix from February 15.