Disgraced Republican congressman George Santos admitted he was a "terrible liar" as Piers Morgan grilled him over a series of jaw-dropping lies in a TV interview. The newly-elected House representative said he'd told lies under pressure and wasn't trying to trick the American people before he was voted into office. Rep. Santos won New York's third district at the November 2022 midterm elections and was praised for being the first openly-gay Republican to win a seat in the House. But his fortunes quickly turned when it was revealed he'd made up large parts of his CV and even his personal life. He most notably fibbed about working for investment bank Goldman Sachs and falsely claimed his mum was in New York on 9/11. Grilling Rep. Santos on TalkTV Monday night, Piers Morgan said: "'I was a Wall Street superstar, I was a this, I was a this.' And it was all untrue. I don't categorise these as mistakes. "I think part of your process of cathartic redemption has got to start from 'I've been a terrible liar'. I mean, would you be prepared to say that?" Rep. Santos responded: "I've been a terrible liar on those subjects. And what I tried to convey to the American people is... this wasn't about tricking anybody." READ MORE: George Santos humiliated as 9/11 claim debunked by travel records An outraged Morgan said: "Yes it was. The whole thing was about tricking people." But Santos replied: "Let me finish. It wasn't about tricking the people. This was about getting accepted by the party." The congressman later added that he was asking for forgiveness from the American people and felt he wasn't being given a chance to redeem himself. DON'T MISS: Sturgeon's 'woke agenda blew up in her face' as her ratings dropped Piers Morgan begs Ricky Gervais to host Brits as viewers 'switch off' Rep. Santos has been humiliated for a number of lies exposed since his election three months ago. The Republican once claimed to be Jewish and later U-turned, claiming he meant to say he was "Jew-ish". The New York Times also found employers and universities listed on Santos' CV had no record of him on payroll or attendance records. He also admitted to being in a drag photo after previously calling a claim that he was a drag queen in Brazil "outrageous". While the congressman had admitted to lying and "embellishments", he has so far refused to resign from his post. But new questions about his campaign finances have mounted fresh pressure on Santos to leave the House of Representatives.  Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews