Allan Saint-Maximin has admitted that he was not suprised that other clubs were interested in him during the January transfer window given his lack of game time for Newcastle United this season. The Frenchman has struggled with injuries at times over the last six months and lost his place in the side as the likes of Joe Willock and Miguel Almiron took advantage to make themselves undroppable. Saint-Maximin was one of the first names on the team sheet for previous Newcastle manager Steve Bruce and was quickly a fans favourite due to his exciting style of play. However, he has found minutes somewhat limited under Eddie Howe, starting just six games in all competitions this season. Injuries have been a major factor in his lack of match action, losing his place in the side just as Newcastle hit their best run of form with Willock and Almiron making themselves undroppable. Saint-Maximin was linked with a move away from the club as a result, with teams like AC Milan, said to be interested in him. The Frenchman admits that these developments did not come as a surprise. “I want to be honest because I’m not going to lie,” he said. “When you are in the situation (of not playing much), a lot of teams can see that and think it’s the right opportunity to come and buy the player. DON'T MISS: Man Utd opponents Barcelona suffer key injury blows ahead of clash “But I’m very proud to be here, and the most important thing for me is to play. I will always try to be in a position where I play every game because no player plays football to be on the bench. “Sometimes, though, you need to understand the situation. When I was playing, the team did not lose a game and I did my job, but when I was not there, the team kept playing well and didn’t lose either.” Despite his lack of match action, Saint-Maximin was keen to stress he held a good relationship and have a mutual understanding on the situation. The winger made his first start in the Premier League since the international break against West Ham this weekend as he replaced the suspended Bruno Guimaraes.  “The manager’s choice makes sense because I got an injury,” he said. “I didn’t lose any game when I was on the pitch (at the start of the season), and this is something very, very important for me. The coach knows that. “That’s why I have a very good relationship with him, because he knows what I’m capable of. But when I came back from injury, the team was winning a lot of games, so they have a lot of credit to keep going.”