Princess Beatrice, 34, and Princess Eugenie, 32, are in for a lucky future, as their mother Sarah Ferguson, 63, made a "long-term investment" for her daughters by purchasing a home for them in Mayfair. What does the interior look like? Photos of the property display a largely traditional aesthetic, rich paint colours, and organic woods and flowers. Zhoosh Paints founder Sophie Smith spoke to Express.co.uk about the interior design of the opulent house. She said: “London properties are often short on space, even when they are expensive properties such as this, but the colours used here really make the most of the rooms and show how easy it is to make rooms look larger. "In the den, the lack of windows doesn’t compromise the feeling of space and light. This is instead maximised by pale colours on the walls and the same colour being used on the ceiling, which automatically gives the illusion of more space, and naturally draws the eyes up to the large skylight. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton stays slim with clever 'choices' and 'delicious' meal  "Using the same almost white colour throughout the room makes the most of that light coming from above, with the only colours popping from the relaxing pink furniture. "Clever use of panelled mirrors reflect and bounce the light from the skylight around the room and ensure that it feels airy and bright. "The darker green shades on the walls of the drawing room meanwhile, are traditional and warm, with the same colour used on the shelving to naturally weave the decor together with the walls." What furnishings can royal fans find in Fergie's new house? Ms Smith explained: "Instead of shying away from art, the shelves and walls are filled with bold pieces, which are well lit from above with warm tones and frame the cast iron fireplace really well. "Lots of plants complement the rich reds of the chairs and floor and reflect the natural-looking colours on the walls well, bringing the outdoors in. "Again, this room is not large, but it feels sumptuous and welcoming - and quite regal."  READ MORE: Zara and Mike decorate their Cotswolds home with 'earthy' colours  How will the drawing room be decorated? Ms Smith added: "Darker colours can feel very relaxing and mindful, as shown by the drawing room in this property - and by using the same colours on the doors, skirting boards and cupboards, the feeling is one of luxury and warmth. "Clever lighting, plants and art can all be used to create texture and personality - in any space. “Before painting any room, it’s good to get a lot of paint samples in to see what works best for you and the space you have, as the light does change so much throughout the day,” Ms Smith advised. She continued: "Paint patches are great for this as they are good for the environment and you can position and reposition them all over the walls, to see how the different colours work at different times.” 