Meghan Markle would never "have even had a chance" to attend Oprah's birthday party if she had never married Prince Harry, claimed a TV presenter. The Duchess of Sussex was notably absent from the superstar's party which saw A-listers including Jennifer Lopez, Kim Kardashian and Sharon Stone attend. The party was hosted by Anastasia Beverly Hills and coincided with the makeup brand's 25th anniversary. "Obviously, had Meghan not married Harry she wouldn't have even had a chance of going to such a party anyways. You know, because she was a two-bit actress," opined commentator Sam Dowler on GB News. He added: "Part of me wishes to have been a fly on the wall when she saw the pictures in the morning." Dowler claimed that the question of the Sussexes and King Charles III's coronation may have also influenced the decision for Meghan not to attend the soiree.  He said: "The thing is, these people are the upper-echelons of Hollywood A-listers and with the King's coronation coming up, they don't want to be seen taking sides or anything like that. "I think it could be embarrassing because they love William and Kate in America and if Oprah's got Meghan and Harry hanging around socially, it looks, well, you know." Speculation on whether Meghan and Harry will attend the King's coronation has become a hot-button topic among royal watchers in recent weeks. In Prince Harry's memoir Spare, the Duke levelled a series of potentially damning allegations against the Royal Family including at King Charles' wife Camilla, Queen Consort and Harry's brother Prince William.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'selling their family members out to make a buck' It has been reported that Prince William doesn't want Meghan and Harry to attend the coronation over fears that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would do something unscripted, such as an unplanned walkabout London, which might take away from the event. However, King Charles has reportedly enlisted the help of the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby to enter into negotiations with the Sussexes about their attendance. He is said to believe that Meghan and Harry's absence could cause more of a distraction than the couple attending the coronation. King Charles III's coronation will take place later this year on May 6, 2023. 