Leeds have been forced to return to the drawing board after Feyenoord boss Arne Slot confirmed he would be staying in Rotterdam until at least the end of the season. The Dutch tactician is not prepared to get up and walk out of De Kuip mid-season, particularly with his side currently sat at the top of the Eredivisie table. The setback follows additional recent disappointment for Leeds after Carlos Corberan extended his contract with West Brom and Rayo Vallecano blocked the departure of Andoni Iraola. With that in mind, Express Sport assesses four attractive options still on the table for Leeds as they seek to settle on a replacement for Jesse Marsch. Marcelo Gallardo The River Plate boss is held in very high regard in South America and he is a coach that would definitely bring excitement to Elland Road following great success in Argentina. Gallardo rejected the chance to become Ajax head coach in the summer as he wished to continue his exciting project with River Plate, where he has made a mixed start to the new Argentine Primera Division campaign. The 47-year-old is well known for his swanky style of football, while he also has a proven track record of developing players and elevating them to new heights having recently coached both Julian Alvarez of Manchester City and Chelsea's British record signing Enzo Fernandez. Leeds would have a real task on their hands trying to convince him to move to the Premier League though, especially with their top-flight status currently under threat but it's an option that is certainly worth pursuing with cautious optimism. Will Still Still has made a real name for himself in France where he has caught the eye with Stade Reims as the youngest coach in Europe's top-five leagues. His coaching dream started via Football Manager before he eventually worked with Preston North End's youth sides as part of his Football Coaching degree. But now he's got Reims flying in Ligue 1 having only lost four of their 22 matches in the French top-flight this season. Furthermore, he has also helped Arsenal loanee Folarin Balogun hit new heights on foreign soil with the 21-year-old now the top scorer in Ligue 1 ahead of Kylian Mbappe. The English-Belgian is making waves in management and given he initially hails from England, it's a left-field appointment that would also be met with intrigue and excitement. Marcelo Bielsa Given his availability, Leeds would be silly to not to at least consider the prospect of a sensational return to Elland Road for Bielsa. Leeds have evolved massively since he left the club and they have loads of willing runners within their squad - not least new boys Tyler Adams and Weston McKennie. The fans also idolise El Loco, who won them promotion during the 2019/20 season, and he knows what is required to keep Leeds afloat. His strong affiliation to the group would also help unite the fanbase, who have been left incredibly frustrated with the team's performances and results under Marsch. There is no guarantee that Bielsa would even want to return to Elland Road but even if he was able to carry Leeds through until the end of the season - he could help them survive and additionally, help them land a great manager this summer. Kjetil Knutsen Knutsen has done incredible things with Bodø/Glimt which is why he has already been considered in the past by the likes of Aston Villa and Brighton. The 54-year-old has continuously defied the odds with Glimt, where his achievements include winning the Norwegian title and beating Jose Mourinho's Roma 6-1 in the Europa League. Perhaps his most attractive quality is that he regularly improves and develops players via coaching on the training ground - something that Leeds will require if they are to survive. Glimt do not have huge money to spend yet they continue to develop top talent and Knutsen has been an integral figure behind that. It's only a matter of time before he is snapped up so he is certainly an option well worth considering.