Graeme Souness shook his head as he clashed with Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink on Sunday. The duo were in the Sky Sports studio to dissect Manchester United’s 3-0 Premier League victory over Leicester and disagreed over Marcus Rashford’s impact on the Red Devils team. Rashford has been outstanding for United this season and was in imperious form once again against the Foxes as he found the back of the net in each half, before Jadon Sancho put the icing on the cake courtesy of a third goal just after the hour mark. The Red Devils have enjoyed a precipitous upturn in fortunes under Erik ten Hag this season and are now just five points adrift of Premier League leaders Arsenal after winning 15 of their 24 matches. Souness was adamant that Rashford was the player making the difference at Old Trafford, but Hasselbaink thought the team would still be flying high without the England international. “They are on a roll,” Souness began. “But without Marcus Rashford…we were talking in that game there [about] how fabulous they were in the second half. That’s after Rashford had scored a couple of goals. Then everything is flowing. And they looked a really good team. But Rashford had done the damage by getting the two goals.”    But Hasselbaink hit back: “I have to disagree with you. They’re at a stage at the moment that they feel invincible. Casemiro is not playing and he has been very important for them in the middle - but they find a way to win. Yes, Rashford is scoring goals - but before Rashford was scoring goals they were winning games 1-0. And I think that they are in such a good moment that they will be alright with Rashford.” MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: Football - Football Transfer News, Scores and Results - Express.co.uk . Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.