Students have occupied three university buildings - including a senior management office - in a protest about rent. The young people have barricaded themselves in the campus buildings at the University of Manchester and security is allegedly unable to get inside to end the conflict. Students are calling for university bosses to agree to their rent demands, as well as the demands of the current industrial action by the University and College Union (UCU). Last month, hundreds of students at the red brick institution stage a rent strike. They claim they've been forced to use food banks and get full-time jobs to make ends meet. The group wants the university, near the Chorlton-on-Medlock area of the city, to offer a 30 per cent cut on monthly payments, and refund some fees already paid to help with the affordability of rent for the rest of the year. But the university said last month it had implemented a £9million range of measures to help students with the cost of living crisis, including £2,000 support payments, £170 for every student and cheaper food options. It added rents in university halls included bills and were lower than similar private sector accommodation, with increases in 2022-23 between 1.5 per cent and 6 per cent. Nevertheless, Manchester Evening News reports the Engineering building, the Samuel Alexander building, and the "high security" senior management John Owens buildings - where the Vice Chancellor is located - are under siege today.  The students occupying the John Owens building say they have locked or barricaded every entrance with furniture, stopping security from entering the building. The occupations have been coordinated to coincide with the UCU strikes which begin on the morning of the 9th and will see more than 70,000 university staff walk out. Pictures from the occupied buildings show signs which have been erected outside, which say: "We demand affordable rent. Nancy earns £260k," referring to the university president and vice chancellor, Nancy Rothwell. Another sign reads: "This building is occupied. Students are not cash cows." Another says: "University puts profits over students and workers." A spokesperson for the University of Manchester said: "We are aware of a small number of individuals gaining unauthorised access to three University-owned buildings overnight. Our primary concern is the health and safety of those people who are currently occupying the buildings. "We are aware of some doors and entrances being barricaded and locked and are emphasising our concerns for their safety in the event of an emergency incident. "The normal working of the University is continuing. We continue to monitor the situation carefully."  