Billie Shepherd was mum-shamed after sharing photos of her baby daughter while on holiday with her sister, Sam Faiers. It comes after the former TOWIE star shared some candid snaps of their holiday. They flew business class with Emirates, and Billie shared a picture of Margot, Nelly, eight, and son Arthur, five, on the plane. "Margot's first holiday. Our happy little lady,” she captioned the post, which seemingly divided fans in the comments. Jay Ryan wrote: "Must be mad doing it this early." Tracy argued: "Try doing it in economy with 3 kids!!" READ MORE: Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death Hasle added: "I’m sure any flight is good when you're flying business class." However, others defended Billie, with Tom replying: "They can travel however they choose, it’s their money their choice." While Hattie said: "If you got nothing nice to say, say nothing." Billie didn't respond to the criticism but instead posted a series of pictures on their break.   The first snap showed the mum-of-three holding her newborn in her arms while wearing a baby blue swimsuit. Another sweet photo was of Billie with her eldest daughter Nelly as they sat on a swing on a beach, while a third showed Arthur playing with his sister Margot. The ITV favourite also shared a photo of her husband Greg Shepherd holding their youngest while she added a series of other snaps of the family having a good time. But some social media critics took to the comment section and hit out at the mum-of-three. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith in dig after star's BRITs appearance[LATEST]Stacey Solomon shares Disney-themed name she's given newborn daughter[INSTAGRAM]NYPD Blue child star Austin Majors found dead at aged 27[TRIBUTES] Becka said: "Oh to have loads of money." Lisa wrote: "Children overly spoilt will always expect more and more and won’t ever be grateful for a normal life." However, others defended Billie and her family, as Casey said: "If you haven’t got nothing nice to say don’t say anything." Kirstie added: "What’s spoilt about them? Two very hard working mums who juggle kids, life and working to give their children nice things."   She continued: "I've got a newborn baby and they're just in your house following what you're doing, but sometimes you just need the space. They had been here since 7am - it was time to go," she joked. "Having the third child, who is only eight weeks old, it's so tiring. Your day starts at 4am, so by 2am you're done,” Sam added. Billie added that the ITV crew were completely understanding.