Washington has "little time for a country that's not part of the European Union", CNN host Fareed Zaharia has claimed. Speaking on his weekly show, the 'Global Public Square', Zaharia blamed Brexit for all of Britain's ills, reducing a major economic player to a "middling island nation isolated off the coast of Europe, without the heft to matter on its own or to set the agenda in its partnerships". The CNN host cited forecasting by the International Monetary Fund, which predicts the British economy will fare worse this year than all of the world's economies, including Russia, and estimates by Bloomberg, which claim Brexit is costing the UK £100billion a year in lost output. Britons "consciously" chose to have "poorer relations with their largest market", the GPS host said, putting "nationalism and politics above economics". According to Zaharia, Brexit was a symptom of a "broader collapse" of British confidence, set off by the global financial crisis of 2008, which saw British productivity turn "downwards sharply" to never recover. He drew a straight line from 2008 to austerity policies instituted by Tory governments, which "slashed public spending, widening equality and heightening general anxiety". READ MORE: Until we eradicate last vestige of EU meddling we'll never be truly sovereign - BILL CASH Then "opportunistic" Boris Johnson came along, "blaming foreigners" and promising Brexit would "cure all the evils" that faced the country. Brexiteer Rishi Sunak has carried on the former Prime Minister's legacy, "mouthing platitudes" about the benefits of Brexit while trying to clean up the mess caused by it, the CNN host went on to claim. Fortunately, Zaharia was on hand to offer a nifty solution: rejoin the EU. The CNN's host's speech divided Twitter, with some praising his analysis and others pouring scorn on it. DON'T MISSFirst images of recovered Chinese spy balloon [LATEST]US to exploit Chinese spy balloon downing [REPORT]Daughter charged after mum found in freezer [INSIGHT] Twitter user Craig Blackburn retorted: "Hi Fareed, We do not want to rejoin the EU. We are happy and content where we are. Many thanks, The British people". Another user branded his speech "nonsense". READ MORE: Rishi Sunak has deliberately put the brakes on Brexit, says JOEL RELAND Polls also suggest Britain remains divided on Brexit. However, a Savanta survey published in January shows that nearly two-thirds of Britons now support a referendum on rejoining. The number of people who oppose another vote has fallen, with less than a quarter of voters now against a referendum. The number who say there should be another vote is now 65 percent, up from 55 percent at the same point last year, although they are split over the timing, according to the survey, which interviewed 2,065 adults between December 16 and 18. Conservative voters also appear to be falling out of love with Brexit, with many now believing that the costs outweigh the benefits, according to a poll published last month. The findings of a poll by Opinium, which surveyed 2,000 representative voters on behalf of the campaigning group Best for Britain, found some 33 percent of those planning to vote Conservative at the next election believed Brexit had created more problems than it solved. This compared with 22 percent who said it had solved more problems, while one-third (32 percent) said leaving the EU had neither created nor solved more problems or opportunities and the remaining 13 percent said they did not know. The main gripe among Tory voters was problems around the Northern Ireland border, with 39 percent of respondents citing this as their main frustration. This was followed by anxiety around costly red tape affecting trade with other countries (36 percent) and it being more difficult to work abroad without freedom of movement (33 percent). Among the public as a whole, meanwhile, 57 percent said Brexit was causing more problems than it was solving. 