Bathroom and kitchen sinks could be surprisingly easy to fix, so there's no need to call the professionals just yet. A spokesperson from My Plumber has shared their “most effective” methods to unblock a sink without using a plunger or spending an unnecessary amount of money for it to get fixed. They said: “A blocked bathroom or kitchen sink is an eventuality we all dread and never a pleasant experience. “Weird smells, strange gurgling sounds, or slow draining water is your sink’s way of telling you to get the clog taken care of soon. “In most cases, you can find out how to unblock a sink yourself using one of a few different methods before turning to outside help.” 1. Baking soda The plumber said: “Using bicarbonate of soda is a simple and cheap trick that you can use to unblock your sink. READ MORE: Get rid of ‘thick’ kettle limescale with 29p kitchen essential “This is a great regular maintenance method to help prevent a serious blockage, and it’s also helpful when you need to unclog a toilet.” Begin by putting the kettle on and boiling some water. Pour it directly down the drain so that it can get to work on dissolving any organic matter. Put one cup of baking soda directly into the plughole. Households can always use a small funnel to ensure it gets right down there. Leave it for a few minutes. After, pour one cup of white vinegar and wait for the fizzles and sizzles. The expert said: “This is the chemical reaction needed to unclog the grime which is creating the blockage. DON'T MISSFive ‘must-do’ gardening jobs to do before the end of February [EXPERT]Gardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [TIPS]‘Essential’ method for ‘greener and thicker’ grass ‘fast’ after winter [COMMENT] “Pop the plug back in and let the baking soda and vinegar work like magic in about five minutes. Boil the kettle once more and then pour it down the drain.” 2. Soda crystals Soda crystals are a multi-purpose cleaner that can “work wonders” on a blocked sink, according to the specialist. To use them to unblock a sink, start by pouring some boiling water down the drain. Then put one cup of soda crystals in the plughole followed by one cup of hot water and wait five minutes. Pour in another kettleful of boiling water to thoroughly flush and clean the drain. 3. Washing powder Washing powder can also be an “effective” sink unblocker, according to the professionals. READ MORE: ‘Correct’ method to wash towels for ‘fluffy’ results - avoid mistakes They advise putting two tablespoons of biological washing powder down the plughole and then flushing it through with boiling water. Households may need to repeat the treatment several times depending on how bad the clog is. 4. Drain snake For those who haven’t had any luck with the above methods, they should try a drain snake. The plumber said: “It’s the secret weapon for homeowners and plumbers to clear stubborn pipe blockages.” To use this tool, feed it down the drain gently and never force it down. The head of the snake is designed to do the hard work for you. Gently push the snake until you can’t feed it any further down the pipe. Then use the handle to unravel the coil so the snake finds its way into the obstruction. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea When rotating the handle back and forth households should feel the blockage starting to break up. Carefully continue until no more resistance is felt. Rewind the snake back up the pipe and remove it. Turn on the tap and see if the water runs down the plug freely. If this hasn’t done the trick, go through the entire process again. 5. Wire For those who don’t have a drain snake at hand the plumbing pro suggested trying a “quick DIY alternative” and using a straightened wire coat hanger or net curtain wire to unblock and clean it. Just like with the drain snake, gently push the wire down the plughole until you find the blockage. Give it a little jiggle and gradually apply more pressure until the blockage is dislodged.