Thousands of teachers have been out on strike all across the country today, in what has been dubbed "Walkout Wednesday", with educators talking of "demoralising" working conditions and the day-to-day work-life balance being a "massive struggle." The National Education Union saw just over 53 percent of its members in England vote in its ballot, with over 90 percent of those ballots (over 120,000 teachers) returning in favour of industrial action. Over 92 percent of NEU members in Wales voted 'Yes' on a 58 percent turnout. The union, which has a total membership of around 450,000, has declared seven days of industrial action beginning today, with approximately 23,400 schools in England and Wales being affected. Many members of the profession have been joining picket lines, as well as demonstrations around the country. Laura Jane Smith, 36, a teacher of RE, told Express.co.uk that she was not just out on strike over pay, but working conditions too, saying: "We're working longer hours than what we are contracted for. "There's this myth that we're paid over the holidays, which we are not. "Ultimately, it's about the Government thinking it's okay for our wages to come out of kids' mouths, which we don't think that it is. The Government should pay more money towards the schools, so they can be run properly." "It's not just about our pay, it's about the future of the country." Katie Jones, 33, a history teacher, described working in the profession as "demoralising", saying that "teachers are leaving at quite a rapid rate." Ms Jones also mentioned the current impact teaching has on work-life balance making the profession unattractive to young graduates and there being a need for more trainee teachers. She said: "Professional teaching is incredibly hard work. It's incredibly time-consuming. Many of us teachers don't have a good work-life balance, and therefore we're not recruiting the right staff." "We're thinking today more about the future of education than anything else." "Something has to change", Ms Jones insisted. READ MORE: Teachers on strike could still be paid as four in five schools will see mass walkouts Union officials have been coordinating demonstrations and speeches, with many other public sectors also represented, including the NHS and the Fire Brigade (who recently saw 88 percent of members vote for industrial action after a 73 percent turnout). Greg Foster, Cheshire West and Chester District Secretary National Education Union, described working in the profession as "difficult", with the workload escalating due to performance-related pay. Mr Foster said: "As well as actually going in and teaching, you're documenting that you've been in and taught, and you're recording how effective it was that you went in and taught. So the workload in terms of what we have to do on a day-to-day basis is just off the scale." Mr Foster said his message to Westminster was that education is "headed for a crisis, with recruitment and retention well below the government targets." "They need to start to take education for the people and children of this country seriously and they need to do it now." DON'T MISS: When the strikes were initially announced, Dr Mary Bousted and Kevin Courtney, Joint General Secretaries of the National Education Union, issued a statement saying: "We have continually raised our concerns with successive education secretaries about teacher and support staff pay and its funding in schools and colleges, but instead of seeking to resolve the issue they have sat on their hands." "It is disappointing that the Government prefers to talk about yet more draconian anti-strike legislation, rather than work with us to address the causes of strike action." In a video message to parents, Education Secretary Gillian Keegan MP said: "I want to reassure you that I am listening to teachers, and I have met with unions for discussions many times." The MP for Chichester went on to say: "... I've been very clear that unions don't have to strike to meet with me, and I'm hugely disappointed in their decision to take strike action in the middle of these talks."