Manchester United might not have to look beyond the English shores in their hunt for a new striker this summer, with Ivan Toney enjoying some of the best form of his career. But the Brentford star's future remains uncertain amid an FA investigation into breaches of betting rules. Toney has been massively influential in the Bees' push for European qualification this season, registering 14 goals and three assists in 20 Premier League games. Only Erling Haaland and Harry Kane have netted more than Toney, who has two more goals than United's top goalscorer Marcus Rashford. Erik ten Hag will prioritise most of his summer transfer budget on a striker to replace Cristiano Ronaldo ahead of his second season at Old Trafford. The 37-year-old's November exit left Ten Hag with Anthony Martial and Rashford as the only attackers capable of playing up front. He loaned Wout Weghorst from Burnley as a quick fix in January but wants to recruit a long-term goalscorer this summer. JUST IN: Henry sends message to Arsenal stars about title hopes after City loss  Toney has arisen as an enticing option with a similar build to Ronaldo, Weghorst, and Sebastien Haller, who thrived under Ten Hag at Ajax. The 26-year-old is Premier League proven and received his first England call-up last year. However, he immediately exited contention for Gareth Southgate's World Cup squad after being charged with over 232 alleged breaches of the FA's betting rules. He has since been charged with a further 30 offences between March 2017 and February 2019 and could face a lengthy ban if he's found to have bet on his own team. According to Sky Sports, he could be banned for at least six months, likely taking him off the table for any club until he's cleared. DON'T MISS Jamie Carragher 'baffled' by Chelsea and names 'massive problem'Neymar faces uneasy meeting with two Chelsea stars if he secures moveFive changes Mikel Arteta can make to get Arsenal back on track If the punishment he's dealt, if any, doesn't leak into next season, he will be at the forefront of striker links this summer. United have been heavily touted with interest in Napoli's Victor Osimhen, Benfica's Goncalo Ramos and Tottenham Hotspur's Harry Kane. But if Toney continues in his impressive ilk of goalscoring form, he will no doubt be eyeing to make the next step in his career after a successful stint in the capital. His penalty record isn't bad either, scoring 27 of his 28 career spot-kicks and not missing a single effort for Brentford. However, he has been left anxiously awaiting a verdict on whether his Premier League rise will be stalled. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here