Jenson Button has theorised that retirement could be on Lewis Hamilton's mind even more if Mercedes are unable to build a competitive car this year. The eight-year reign of Mercedes in the Constructors' Championship came to a crashing end last season with Red Bull finishing well clear of their arch-rivals. George Russell won Mercedes' only race of the year as Hamilton suffered his worst-ever season in F1 by finishing sixth in the Drivers' Championship. While there was a sombre mood around Mercedes throughout the year, Hamilton insisted on several occasions that he was happy with the team and was looking to sign an extension on his current deal. Speaking back in October, Hamilton revealed that he planned to sign a 'multi-year' contract with Mercedes, but there have been no updates heading into the start of the new season this weekend. Negotiations on Hamilton's previous contracts have both been drawn out affairs and the 38-year-old was technically out of contract at the start of 2021, only signing a new deal with Mercedes a month before the season started. When Hamilton indicated four months ago that he wanted to continue working with Mercedes beyond 2023, the team appeared to have turned a corner from their woes earlier in the year. It led to optimism heading into the new season that they would be able to close the gap to Red Bull.  But that hope has been replaced with serious doubts following pre-season testing in Bahrain. And Button wonders whether Mercedes' issues are proving a stumbling block in negotiations with Hamilton. “It has to be that, right?” Button told the Telegraph. “Why otherwise would you leave it this late?  "He knows how annoying we all are asking [about the contract]. I mean, we’ve got to ask the question, but he’s going to hate answering it over and over and over again. It can only be because he’s wondering how competitive they will be.” And Button goes on to suspect whether Hamilton may change his mind on staying in F1 beyond this year if he goes through another season without winning a race. “Is he going to sign if the car is uncompetitive because he wants it to be quick again before he retires?” he asked. “Or is he thinking, ‘If it’s not better, I’m just going to retire’. Who knows?”