A vital deadline is looming for those who want to fill National Insurance gaps, and boost their state pension, but many have not taken advantage. That is according to Quilter, who state over the last five years only an average of 123,000 people per year have made Class 3 National Insurance contributions (NICs) which allow them to fill historic gaps in their NI records and receive a higher state pension. Under normal rules, it is only possible to fill gaps in an NI record up to six years after the year in question. However, Britons have until April 5, 2023 to go back an extra 10 years in efforts to boost their eventual state pension. The special concession is available for this limited time to allow people to fill historic gaps dating back to 2006/07. People aged between 45 and 70 who have gaps in their NI record are the most likely to be impacted by the upcoming rule change. READ MORE: Pensioners set to ‘suffer most’ as energy price cap set at £3,280 According to DWP data from March 2020, 34 percent of people in receipt of the basic state pension did not receive the full amount. Approximately 805,000 people are thought not to be receiving the full new state pension. Although not all these people will receive less than the full state pensions because of gaps, experts have stressed it is worth checking. Jon Greer, head of retirement policy at Quilter, said: “Everyone’s finances are squeezed at the moment and simply having enough money for energy bills and sky-high mortgage costs may be proving difficult. DON'T MISS Lloyds Bank issues warning as woman loses £14k in 'betrayal' [WARNING]Six tips to help you avoid or reduce an inheritance tax bill [INSIGHT]Metro Bank warning after woman loses ‘long-term savings’ in fraud [UPDATE] “However, for those people that think they might have a gap in their National Insurance record, making a Class 3 National Insurance contributions can be a very valuable investment if you can find the money. “In fact, someone with ten missing years could pay a little over £8,000 to fix the gaps and boost their state pension income by £55,000 over a typical 20-year retirement. “If you have one or two years missing, then this might only cost you in the region of £1,400 but within just a few years of retirement you’d make your money back and more.” Mr Greer described this as a “golden opportunity” for people who are keen to boost their state pension. READ MORE: HSBC announces increase to interest rate across its savings accounts Once April arrives, the expert added, people will miss out on this chance - and it could have a “material impact” on their retirement provision. As a result, he urged people to act now if they possibly can. But what steps should individuals take? Mr Greer continued: “If someone isn’t sure whether they have any gaps in their record the first thing to do is to go on gov.uk and use the state pension forecast tool. “You can see how much state pension you’ll get based on your current record and how much you will get if you work up to your state pension age. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “If you aren’t predicted to get the full amount (currently £185.15 a week) it can check for gaps in your record.” However, it is important to note paying voluntary contributions will not benefit everyone. As a result, it is important people contact the Future Pension Centre before they make any voluntary contributions. The centre will be able to tell Britons if paying extra will increase their state pension entitlement, and can be contacted on 0800 731 0175. Mr Greer concluded: “It could be one of the most fruitful calls you make.”