 On February 2, Shakira turns 46 and her former boyfriend Gerard Pique turns 36, just days after he went public with his new girlfriend. The Hips Don’t Lie singer is expected to release her new song today, believed to be another savage diss track towards her ex, as the last one continues to break records.   Shakira is expected to release her latest track, following rumours that she has been collaborating with Colombian singer Karol G, according to The Mirror. The pop star and Gerard were together for over a decade, although they never married, before announcing their split in July last year. The bitter breakup has seen some online feuding between the pair ever since, with each celebrity taking subtle shots at the other on social media. The Spanish footballer went Instagram official with his new girlfriend last week, posting a selfie of the two of them without a caption. READ MORE: Denise Welch reacts after being told she hogs Loose Women spotlight by unhappy viewer  Within a week the photo received over three million likes. The former Barcelone player reportedly started dating 23-year-old public relations student Clara Chia Marti in October last year. Shakira’s last song, with Argentine DJ Bizarrap, released earlier this month also featured some brutal disses seemingly aimed at her ex. Her lyrics feature the lines: “You traded a Ferrari for a Twingo.     “You traded a Rolex for a Casio. “A lot of gyms, but work your brain a little bit too." The song, titled BZRP Music Sessions Vol 53, had a sensational reception and broke a YouTube record as it received 63 million views in its first 24 hours. In the time since its release, the track has also garnered more than 204 million streams on Spotify, breaking yet another record.  This month Shakira became the top Latin artist on the platform for monthly listeners, making her the first female to do so in Spotify history. She tweeted last week about the achievement saying: “I feel humbled and grateful though I’m only one among millions of women out there who have so much to say and offer. “Women of all races, ages and conditions. Thanks for your loyalty and support.” Shakira and Gerard share two children, Milan, nine, and Sasha, seven. The singer has also reportedly started constructing a wall around her property between her and Gerard’s mother's home. Express.co.uk has contacted Gerard’s representatives for comment.