However, reports suggest ITV has now decided it's time to put an end to the classic show. You've Been Framed saw viewers send in the funny moments they've caught on home videos, and were given £250 if their footage was shown. The programme started in 1990 and was originally hosted by Jeremy Beadle before actress Lisa Riley took over in 1998. Entertainer Jonathan Wilkes then replaced her in 2003 and comedian Harry Hill has been presenting the show since 2004. With the show's central focus being on humorous on-camera moments, the popular series has become a victim of the social media age. During the early days, up to 15 million people often tuned in, according to The Sun. However, with funny clips posted daily to social media sites such as TikTok and YouTube, there is less need for a TV show collection of mishaps. An insider stated: "The fact that You’ve Been Framed has been shelved is a sad sign of the times. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue "It’s a different world to Jeremy Beadle’s heyday. Why would viewers tune in to a show featuring funny videos when they could see the same sort of thing on the internet? "Silly clips are hugely popular on social media and the right video can go viral." They continued: "There’s a thrill in achieving that — even though you don’t earn the £250 fee which You’ve Been Framed paid for contributions." The final episode aired in August of last year and was narrated by Harry. The format of the show was changed several times, and in 2003 a studio audience voted for the winning clip. The sender would receive a prize of £1,000. A later segment, Named Framed and Shamed! showcased a series of clips which had obviously been faked. During Lisa and Jonathan's hosting of the show, the two were on screen with an audience. Once Harry took over in 2004, the presenter was purely a voice narrator, and there was no longer a studio, set or audience. DON'T MISS... DIY SOS viewers in tears minutes into 'heartbreaking' episode [REACTION]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's exit [THEORY]Unforgotten newcomer explains why she initially turned down role [LATEST] Responding to the news, many fans of the show were surprised to learn it had still been running. Several reacted to the announcement that the show had been axed on social media. Twitter user @dylanjame5 penned: "Thought it had been rerun since the early 2010s..." @kamsveto echoed this, writing: "I thought it ended in like 2008 omg." Another user, @RCFCLife5, added: "I thought this ended in 2015." @Peter_H_Todd remarked: "It was on the cards for the past few years. "From silly ITV scheduling times, (8 shows aired across 9 different months), low ratings and with the likes of YouTube, Facebook and TikTok, these types of shows are a dying breed. Shame, but 33 years on air shouldn't go unnoticed." @Jenmetcalfeuk added: "I’m so confused I genuinely thought they only showed repeats. It always looks so old." Others were more surprised though, with @DamianCoyne1 exclaiming: "WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT!!!!" (sic) while @FTWCK04 shared: "F*** off no way."