As one of the most celebrated British tennis players of all time, Andy Murray will have his pick of the litter when it comes to career paths after hanging up his racquet. But few might have expected Parliament would be the destination of choice for the soft-spoken superstar. In many ways, a career in politics makes sense for the 35-year-old given the traits he's displayed over the course of a glittering 18-year career on the court. Murray has often defended those in need of a voice—see: his views regarding women's tennis and Russia's war on Ukraine—yet the man of few words tends to speak only when truly necessary. Still, some fans were talking after seeing he was 'interested' in filling the biggest vacancy in Scottish politics following the news of Nicola Sturgeon's planned resignation. The incumbent Leader of the Scottish National Party was first elected to the role in November 2014 but confirmed on Wednesday her intention to step down in the near future. "Interesting vacancy," said the two-time Wimbledon champion in response to a BBC Scotland News tweet confirming Sturgeon will quit as first minister. "Was looking to get into politics when I finish playing." READ MORE": Emma Raducanu handed Indian Wells Masters wildcard after Brit drops to world No 80  While Murray's reply may have been tongue in cheek, the former world No. 1 received plenty of support from fans and fellow Scots to take a stab at the role. Others took the tweet too seriously, however, as former Labour MP Ian Lucas warned a life in politics is "harder than you think." The three-time BBC Sports Personality of the Year and Unicef UK ambassador was officially knighted in 2019 for his 'services to tennis and charity'. Murray's popularity closer to home is also symbolised by the fact he's been given the freedom of two Scottish territories, Stirling and Merton. As if that wasn't enough, he received his second Arthur Ashe Humanitarian Award in 2022 after donating approximately £510,000 of his tennis earnings to the relief effort for Ukraine. Though his 'application' was in jest, there's enough good will on Murray's CV to suggest he'd stand a fine chance in any election. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic 'has dark cloud around him' as star criticised for attracting negative newsWu Yibing sets rankings record after becoming first Chinese tennis player to win a titleSerena Williams gives honest view on retirement U-turn as she weighs up return    "I know I said I wouldn’t endorse anyone as my successor, but. . .," joked Sturgeon in response to the Glasgow-born star's retort. Murray received backlash in 2014 after appearing to support the Scottish Independence vote, which failed with a 45 per cent minority. For the time being at least, the three-time major champion has his focus fully on tennis, having impressed with a third-round run at the recent Australian Open. A career in tennis may have provided enough stress for one lifetime, but Murray has built enough resilience to suggest he'd be a fine fit for the courts of justice when his days in sport come to an end.