When Queen Elizabeth II sadly passed away on September 8, 2022, she left behind eight devoted grandchildren. Before the Queen's passing, body language expert Judi James gave her hot take on which grandchild the Queen felt the strongest connection to. Queen Elizabeth II had eight grandchildren - Prince William, Prince Harry, Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie, Zara Tindall, Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn. According to the expert, the late monarch was a devoted granny but shared a special connection with one in particular. She told Express.co.uk: "The Queen clearly adores all her grandchildren but there are several reasons why she might have established some especially strong bonds with Sophie and Edward’s daughter Lady Louise." Judi suggested that Lady Louise, 19 and the daughter of Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex, has some key characteristics the Queen valued. READ MORE: Meghan 'closest relationship' could be ruptured - claims  Judi said: "The Queen has been seen looking rather unusually spontaneously tactile with both Sophie and Louise in public and this suggests a very relaxed relationship with both of them. "Like her mother Sophie, who the Queen is clearly very close to, Louise’s body language seems to project signals of a calm, low-fuss personality with high levels of emotional empathy. "She also seems to have inherited a rather regal bearing that hints at her lineage." The body language expert also hinted that the Queen may have seen parts of herself in her granddaughter, like a protégé. She explained: "With her upright posture and quiet elegance she is often being compared to Queens of an earlier generation and this sense of continuity must be pleasing for the Queen." It's crucial to note that the late Queen and Lady Louise shared an incredible passion for the equestrian world. Judi explained that the Queen and Louise "share a love of horses". In fact, the Queen's passion for the animal was very well known as a keen rider, owner and breeder. When asked what she'd like to be when she grew up, the young Princess Elizabeth reportedly told a 1945 edition of Life magazine that she'd "like to be a horse". READ MORE: Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims In 2021, the now Queen Consort Camilla spoke to ITV Racing about Queen Elizabeth II's "encyclopaedic" knowledge of horses. She said: "I think this is her passion in life. She loves it and you can tell how much she loves it. "She can tell you every horse she's bred and owned, you know, from the very beginning. She doesn't forget anything - I can hardly remember what I bred a year ago. Judi continued: "Louise had an even more special bond thanks to her relationship with her grandfather Prince Philip. "Like the Queen’s late husband, Louise is known for her love of carriage driving. "She is seen as carrying on his legacy for this passion in his life and the link must also be a very poignant one for the Queen." The Queen's bond with her granddaughter has transcended time, with Lady Louise making a touching tribute to her grandmother after her sad passing. At a vigil on September 17, 2022 at Westminster Hall, the teenager donned an elegant horse pendant which was a clear nod to the late monarch.