Rising American tennis star Coco Gauff has spoken about her obsession with Serena Williams as she started her tennis journey at the age of seven. Gauff has shot to stardom despite her young age, like the Williams sisters, and won her first WTA Tour singles title at the age of 15. Gauff has continued to follow in the footsteps of her American idol - reaching last year's French Open final in both the singles and doubles competitions - and she is now looking to make the next step by winning a Grand Slam crown. The youngster reached world No.4 last season but has dropped two positions after a fourth-round defeat for the second year running at last month's Australian Open. The youngster is currently playing at the Qatar Open where she lost her quarter-final match against Russian player Veronika Kudermetova and is in the doubles final, alongside Jessica Pegula. Speaking at the tournament Gauff spoke about her obsession with watching Williams, after the American won her first singles title at the US Open in 1999. "I definitely watched her matches," Gauff said. "When she won her first title when I was seven, I didn't see that one. I was just starting tennis. I really only watched like Serena up until probably like eight years old, and that's when I started watching other players." READ MORE: Coco Gauff comes out swinging after helping Aus Open billionaire add £60k to her net worth   Gauff shot to stardom after beating Venus Williams at the age of 15 on her way to reaching the fourth round of Wimbledon in 2019. Since then she has continued to test the world's leading players and has competed against the stars she idolised as a youngster. She added: "I'd say she's among the players like Simona (Halep) and Petra (Kvitova), even past players that I've played that now retired, like (Andrea) Petkovic. I just feel like those are players when you step on the court you're like, I have watched you for a long time, like it's kind of weird playing you." Born in Atlanta in 2004, Gauff started playing tennis aged seven and moved to Florida to improve her training opportunities. It comes as no surprise considering her background that the incredible achievements of the Williams sisters inspired their fellow American to stardom. Gauff's father Corey has been instrumental in her progressing, along with former French tennis star Jean-Christophe Faurel who has also been part of her coaching camp since early 2019. When the American was rising through the ranks Gauff's parents gave up on their careers in order to help their daughter to progress, with her father becoming her primary coach early on. 