And their reactions didn’t disappoint, as their faces did the talking as much as their words. However, their judgements were gate-crashed, as the real deal – Dancing on Ice judge, Ashley Banjo – stepped in to put a yoghurt drink to the taste test. The video comes after research of 700 parents, of children aged three to nine, commissioned by Petits Filous to launch their Vitamin Rich range, found that two-thirds of youngsters are more decisive and adventurous than ever when it comes to their food choices. In fact, 74 percent are happy to try new foods, unquestioned, with little or no apprehension. And four in ten said their children are offered far more exotic foods than they ever were in the past – while 63 percent have let their children make the decisions when it comes to what they eat for dinner. Ashley Banjo said: “Children have so many more vibrant food options than we ever did as kids, and I think that’s reflected in these results. “Now it’s easier than ever to ensure your kid gets what they need. My kids certainly know their own mind, but it’s important to me that they’re still encouraged to try new things.” Of the children who are curious eaters, three in five (59 percent) will choose fruit and vegetables as part of their mealtime or snack. Brussels sprouts, olives, and mussels were named as foods which kids have happily consumed without kicking up a fuss, according to their parents. Mums and dads put their child’s adventurous nature with food down to there being more options in the supermarkets nowadays, as well as foods from around the globe being more easily available, and a different parental approach to a youngster’s diet. It also emerged that three-quarters of parents believe it’s important to let their offspring make their own decisions when it comes to the food they consume. The top reasons for this include helping them understand that they can make their own choices, building their confidence, and enabling them to have some control. But while the research revealed that children are typically good with their fresh fruit and vegetables, a third of parents (34 percent) still regularly encounter fuss, with 37 percent having to blend veggies into dinners. Despite such hiccups, 36 percent are confident their child gets enough goodness from what they consume. Nicole Gommans, from Petits Filous, added: “It's amazing to see how children have become more adventurous with their food choices – which is why we created Vitamin Rich, the only kids drinking yoghurt containing fruit and vegetables. “It's had the seal of approval from our Tiny Judges, and will be a hit with little rascals across the UK.”