American drivers were "thrown for a loop" following the installation of a roundabout in a rural community. Although roundabouts are used in some areas of the US, they are very rare on large and rural roads. Aerial footage of a roundabout being used in a rural Kentucky town shows trucks - some with large trailers - approaching the roundabout from the wrong lane and even going around in the wrong direction. Officials installed the roundabout outside Morehead in Rowan County at what used to be a four-way intersection which saw a number of high-speed crashes when cars and trucks failed to stop. The roundabout, installed in 2021, was the first of its kind in northeast Kentucky. Local Jason Whisman told news outlet WYKT: "It's going to throw them for a loop. A complete 360. No doubt about it." Another driver added: "I'm sure that it's going to take them a while to get used to it, but once they get used to it, I'm sure it's going to work very well."  Walker Construction, the company which built the roundabout, said they released the footage to help educate motorists on how not to use a roundabout. "We’re looking at a way to reduce the severity of crashes that this intersection has a history of," said Allen Blair of Kentucky Transportation Cabinet District 9. "One of the key things that we looked at with this intersection was making sure that trailers, if you have a boat trailer or long RV, would be able to navigate the intersection very easily just like they do now. "So with this drivable central island in a mini roundabout, we will be able to accommodate that traffic."  READ MORE: Biden branded 'champion of the status quo' on police violence Roundabouts are gaining popularity in the US, according to the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS). They are safer than four way stops as they force drivers to slow and cut down on "severe intersection crashes", says the IIHS. Another boon for roundabouts is that they are greener than stop signs or traffic lights - an American driving staple. Drivers don't have to stop as often using the circles, reducing idling emissions and saving on fuel consumption. DON'T MISSTeacher, 30, arrested for having sex with girl, 13 [REPORT]Chinese aircraft 'intentionally' flew over US airspace [LATEST]Award-winning professor charged with dealing meth [INSIGHT] 