If you find yourself stuck for ideas when it comes to cooking dinner, a one-pot recipe is an easy option for a quick meal. To make it easier to find something everyone will enjoy, chefs Dennis Littley and Ruiz Asri have shared two exclusive recipes that are perfect for a weekday evening. And the best part is, you can make them for less than £5 while feeding a full family of five. If you're looking for a hearty, healthy meal that you can quickly make this evening, look no further than Chef Dennis Littley's one-pot sausage casserole. With more than 40 years of experience as a professional fine-dining chef, the recipe creator known as "Ask Chef Dennis" is an expert when it comes to balancing affordability without compromising on taste. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk. he shared exactly how to make a warming casserole packed with spices, nutrients, and flavour. He explained that if you shop at your local Asda store, you can purchase the bulk of the ingredients for just £3.64 on top of cupboard extras already in your kitchen. That's less than 73p per person for a family of five. READ MORE: Woman loses three stone in weeks after she 'couldn't fit into clothes' DON'T MISS...New online tool creates waste-free recipes from unwanted fruit and veg [INSIGHT]Jamie Oliver's 'important' cooking tips for 'perfect' roast potatoes [REVEAL]Italian chef's warning over bolognese mistake most home cooks make [EXPERT] In a large casserole dish, heat one teaspoon of oil before adding the sausages. Fry on medium heat for around six minutes, turning every so often. Once browned on all sides, add the chopped carrots and onions. These can be cut however you like, as long as they are similar in size to allow for even cooking. As the onions start to go translucent Dennis noted that you can add the remaining ingredients to the pan. This includes the tomatoes, chicken stock, water, drained butter beans and seasoning to taste. Allow the contents of the dish to simmer for 45-60 minutes, adding additional water and seasoning where necessary. Serve straight from the pan on its own or with jacket potatoes as a side dish. READ MORE: 'I tried Gousto and Hello Fresh - it was a very bad idea' If you're looking for a more fragrant, lighter dish, former Asian food chef and restaurateur Ruiz Asri has shared his exclusive Yangzhou fried recipe. The Honest Food Talks recipe creator explained that you can feed a family of five for just £4.35. That's just 87p per person, per portion. Ruiz said: "You must prepare the ingredients first, so cook your rice separately however you wish. Beat the eggs in a bowl with salt to taste. Whilst the rice is cooking, you can begin on the other parts of the dish." Heat a wok or large pan over medium-high heat and add the oil. Swirl it around to get it smoking before adding the carrots and peas. Remove the peas and carrots from the pan and return the wok to the heat. Add one tablespoon of oil to coat the bottom of the wok. Add the rice and cook for one to two minutes, stirring and tossing the grains. Create a well in the middle of the wok and add the remaining tablespoon of oil. Pour the beaten egg mixture in and cook for a few seconds while stirring. Check that your eggs are runny and mostly cooked before lowering the heat. Add the slices of barbecued pork to your fried rice. Follow that with the peas and carrots. Stir them in the wok. Then, add soy sauce and pepper to cook for a few minutes, stirring and tossing continuously. Finally, turn off the heat and add the chopped spring onion to garnish. Give everything one final mix and serve warm! 