This month The Blacklist will make its long-awaited comeback to NBC for its 10th and final season. While fans have been eagerly awaiting the return of the task force, new details about episode two promise a thrilling face-off between Wujing (played by Chin Han) and Siya Malik (Anya Banerjee).  After The Blacklist came to an end in May, bosses had been drip-feeding viewers updates about the season 10 storyline. One of the most exciting confirmations was the news of Wujing’s return which sparked a major frenzy among fans. Since the villain was first seen on screens in season one, it was revealed he was coming back to exact revenge on Red, who screwed him over. As Wujing identified as a Blacklister, Red’s motives were exposed just moments before Wujing was apprehended by the FBI SWAT team.  READ MORE: BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness As NBC confirmed the premiere would revolve around Wujing’s escape from custody, it looks as though the hacker will be at the centre of season 10. However, this time with revenge on his mind, the task force will have to take a new approach to handle Wujing. The Blacklist unveiled their season 10, episode two synopsis, for the upcoming episode, The Whaler. It reads: “The Task Force works to infiltrate a high-stakes poker game tied to Wujing with the help of new team member, Siya Malik. Red and Cooper have opposing tactics when Agnes is bullied at school.”   As Wujing is familiar with Red and the task force, they will use the new recruit to pull the wool over his eyes. Following Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison) and Alina Park’s (Laura Sohn) season finale exit, fans can look forward to the newcomer. Although Siya will burst into the task force as a rookie, she had deeper ties to Red. Siya is the daughter of the late Meera Malik (Parminder Nagra) who was assassinated in the season one finale. While it's yet to be seen how Red will react to her introduction, he’s likely to be taken aback by Siya’s arrival as Meera was an early member of his task force. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item [INSIGHT] The Blacklist's James Spader to make TV return [INSIGHT]The Blacklist' Wujing star teases explosive season 10 return to series [INSIGHT]   Fans have already speculated she will be after answers surrounding her mother’s death as it’s likely Red could have kept key details hidden. However, Siya will be thrust into the twisted investigation of Wujing, who wants to expose Red. During the season nine finale, Wujing resurfaced after Marvin Gerard (Fisher Stevens) passed him the Blacklist, prior to his death. Marvin also provided Wujing with proof Red was an FBI informant and with the criminal now out of prison, fans can expect to see him back on the scene plotting his revenge.   Viewers could be in for another nail-biting season as many have suggested Wujing could round up other Blacklisters from the past to help him get payback. As Wujing previously had an entourage of his own there could be many mystery villains out there willing to take out Red once and for all. While fans are eagerly awaiting the premiere, many were left devastated when it confirmed season 10 would wrap up almost a decade of The Blacklist. Showrunner Jason Eisendrath stated: "After 10 years, hundreds of Blacklist cases and more than 200 episodes produced, we're honoured to reach our conclusion. “It's been incredibly fun to create the strange, devious and delightful Blacklisters to challenge Raymond Reddington and our FBI Task Force each week.” The Blacklist season 10 premieres on NBC on Sunday, February 26. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 