It was recently reported that The Rolling Stones will be teaming up with The Beatles for the first time in an album collaboration. But long before they started making music together, they had a bitter rivalry. The two bands came up through the music industry around the same time in the 1950s and 1960s. While the Fab Four came from Liverpool, their chart rivals hailed from the rowdy streets of London - but it was Paul McCartney, John Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo Starr that ultimately came out on top. Their commercial and financial success frustrated the Stones, and a rivalry began behind the scenes. In 1988, this feud was ancient history, so when The Rolling Stones' frontman Mick Jagger was asked to induct The Beatles into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, he happily obliged. However, that didn't mean he was going to let his rivals off without a cheeky jab. He began his induction speech: "When I got here tonight, I saw George [Harrison] and he said: 'You aren’t going to say anything bad about me are you?'" Jagger looked back on the band's history together while saying: "We went through some pretty strange times. We had a lot of rivalry in those early years, and a little bit of friction." But, he added, The Beatles and The Rolling Stones "always ended up friends". He continued: "I like to think we still are, 'cause they were some of the greatest times of our lives." Jagger beautifully added: "I’m really proud to be the one that leads them into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame." The Satisfaction singer explained the music industry was a "wasteland" before The Beatles came along. "We were doing Chuck Berry songs and blues and things," he went on. "And we thought that we were totally unique animals. And then we heard there was a group from Liverpool and they had long hair, scruffy clothes." Jagger explained how jealous he and the rest of The Rolling Stones were of the Fab Four's talents. "They had a record contract," he recalled. "And they had a record on the charts, with a bluesy harmonica on it, called Love Me Do. When I heard the combination of all these things, I was almost sick." It didn't take long before the two bands crossed paths. And while there was a rivalry between them, The Beatles were not too big to help The Rolling Stones out. DON'T MISS...The Beatles 'teaming up with The Rolling Stones' on new albumPaul McCartney broke down over John Lennon song on Desert Island DiscsGeorge Harrison lamented plagiarism lawsuit and staggering damages fee Lennon and McCartney wrote a song in the early-1960s and gave it to The Rolling Stones as a sign of goodwill. This track, I Wanna Be Your Man, was the Stones' second single, and it was the key to their success. It peaked at number 12 on the British Singles Charts, and launched their careers in a big way. McCartney later said: "We were friends with them, and I just thought I Wanna Be Your Man would be good for them. I knew they did Bo Diddley stuff. And they made a good job of it." Jagger referenced this touching gift in his speech, essentially giving The Beatles credit for their success in the UK. "We were very grateful for that," Jagger said. "'Cause that really broke us in England. The example of the way they wrote, and the original way that they crafted their songs wasn’t lost on us." What's more, Jagger praised the band's success overseas, as he said it helped the British music industry crack the USA. "Later on," the star recalled. "Their success in America broke down a lot of doors that helped everyone else from England that followed. And I thank them very much for all those things." SOURCE