The intelligence comes as NATO allies gathered to discuss the next stage of the conflict. One US administration official said: “The Russian land forces are pretty depleted so it is the best indication that they will turn this into an air fight. “If the Ukrainians are going to survive…they need to has as many air defence capacities and as much ammunition…as possible.” US defence secretary Lloyd Austin has highlighted the threat of Russia’s significant air force. Mr Austin later added: “We know Russia has substantial aircraft…and a lot of capability left” and that Ukraine’s air defences were “not enough”. READ MORE: Elon Musk issues 'WW3' warning after dealing Ukraine blow with ban  While Russia’s air force has been lightly used in the combat so far, there are expectations its usage could be increased. A senior NATO diplomat told the FT the fleet was “actually quite preserved”. They added: “More than 80 percent probably is safe and available…So we are expecting that they’re preparing to launch an air campaign and they’ve been trying to [disable] Ukrainian air defences with attacks.” In recent days 54 western allies have come together to discuss the next stage of military donations to Ukraine. The United States is expected to announce another assistance package later this week; this could include air defence systems and ammunition. Defence secretary Mr Austin recently highlighted how the West had come together to support Ukraine. He said: “Nations of goodwill have rallied together to reject Putin's vision of a world of chaos where tyrants can trample borders and conquer their peaceful neighboUrs and break the rules of war. “That's what this contact group represents. Together, we have made clear that we will support Ukraine's self-defence for the long haul. And we will move out with the urgency that the moment demands.” Although western allies could soon provide Ukraine with more air defence systems, Ukraine has been asking for more fighter aircraft.  Last week, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy travelled around Europe campaigning for more aircraft. In his speech to Parliament, President Zelenskyy said: ““I appeal to you and the world with simple and yet most important words: combat aircraft for Ukraine, wings for freedom. “Thank you for your attention, thank you for your support. And leaving British Parliament two years ago I thanked you for delicious English tea. “I will be leaving the Parliament today thanking all of you in advance for powerful English planes.” Although Ukraine’s plea for western jets are persistent, there are doubts over whether the UK will be able to supply any from its own supply.