King Charles has reportedly made some transformations at Sandringham in a bid to make his mark on the Norfolk estate. The King is reportedly digging up a large lawn on the west side of Sandringham House which is being turned into a topiary garden.  The new addition to the Sandringham estate is likely to enhance the biodiversity of the area. A series of new plants built to withstand harsh weather will be added, alongside a gravel path to allow visitors to explore the garden. It is believed that the work is likely to progress quickly and the estate might be made open for the public by mid- May. Sandringham was a favourite residence of the Queen, who gathered her family there every Christmas, a tradition King Charles is continuing.   His late father, Prince Philip, also enjoyed spending time in Norfolk, living there most of the time following his retirement from public life. The changes to Sandringham by King Charles were announced last month in a statement from the palace. The Palace statement read: “In recent years, with changing weather patterns the current expanse of lawn has been affected by warm weather and excessive rainfall. "The newly developed garden will introduce new species that are more robust, hardy and better able to withstand the impact of emerging weather patterns.” READ MORE: William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source  The monarch's Highgrove estate has also been made as environmentally friendly and organic as possible, and boasts a working farm onsite. It is hoped the garden that has been designed to provide seasonal colour from its flowers will also "create a rich source for pollinators and the provision of new habitats". Some 5,139 yew tree hedging plants in a range of sizes and shapes will be used in the topiary. More than 4,280 herbaceous perennial plants and bulbs including Veronicastrum (Veronica), delphinium, phlox, echinacea, lavender and other versatile species are also to be used. DON'T MISS:Australian town in ‘critical need’ of GP despite huge salary offer [SPOTLIGHT]De La Soul rapper David Jolicoeur ‘Trugoy the Dove’ dies at 54 [REVEAL]UK launches security review of UFOs in US [INSIGHT] Another change is coming to the Sandringham estate, with the upcoming addition of a new pub. The plan is to breathe new life into the late Queen's former social club after it closed down two years ago. The royal estate is planning to lease out the vacant Victorian building for conversion into a pub while retaining the freehold. The vacant premises are being advertised as a "unique opportunity for investment and upgrading for a new occupier and business as a public house with associated restaurant" on Landles letting estate's website. 