Jurgen Klopp admits Liverpool must start planning for the summer transfer window now. The Reds boss has demanded the club's owners Fenway Sports Group back him in the upcoming market following a turbulent campaign at Anfield. Liverpool are in danger of finishing outside the top four of the Premier League this season. The Merseysiders currently sit eighth in the table, though do have two games in hand on many of the teams above them. They are also out of both domestic cup competitions and suffered a demoralising 5-2 defeat in the Champions League last-16 first leg against Real Madrid in midweek. Midfield is an area that onlookers believe needs the most improvement and Jude Bellingham is the top target. FSG are hopeful of bringing in new investment to help rebuild the squad. And Klopp knows that must be used in the summer. READ MORE: Spanish press don't hold back on Garnacho after Man Utd beat Barcelona  He said: "Money always has an impact (on signings). But it can not be that much of an impact (this time). Of course it is influential but it is a summer where we have to be in the market, definitely. "We know we have to change things and we will, we cannot do that now - we just have to go through this and fight back - but it is already clear we have to do something in the summer. Around us obviously a few (clubs) are speeding up, and you cannot ignore that. "I cannot decide at all about money, not about one penny. That was always the same. My job is to make 100 per cent clear what we need from a sports point of view and then other people are responsible for giving us the resources." Klopp doesn't know how much he will have to spend and doesn't expect to know anytime soon. But he says planning must start now on players who will be targeted. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy’s salary decision speaks volumes as impressive details emergeFernandes explains Man Utd defeat that ‘hurts the most’ and overlooks BrentfordChelsea owner Boehly warned selling two players would see club 'lose its soul'  The German added: "It is tricky and difficult and it will be a late decision I guess. But we have to start work [on recruitment] earlier before we know where we will end up position-wise and European competition-wise. These things are clear here." Klopp has to use the players he has at his disposal for the rest of the season. And he has called on there to be togetherness during this sticky period. He continued: "As long as we are together, let’s support this group with all we have. That’s the only thing I am asking for. "We know what we will do, not exactly what we will do, it is still about finding the right players, not about bringing in a lot. But I’ve said it now, and I don’t want to talk every week about what happens in the summer… from now we can talk about the wonderful football we play – when we play it."  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.