Liverpool head coach Jurgen Klopp is set to go against the wishes of club hero Jamie Carragher by doubling down on the club's plans to sign Jude Bellingham this summer. The Reds are thought to be frontrunners in the race to sign the highly-coveted Borussia Dortmund midfielder and Klopp is a keen admirer of the England international. It is no secret the Reds are in desperate need of some reinvigoration in the midfield areas, with Fabinho, Jordan Henderson and Thiago Alcantara all entering the final stages of their careers. Klopp has been impressed by the 19-year-old and is more likely to spend big on him than sign two players with the same money. Liverpool had been tipped to pool their resources together to make a huge club-record bid for Bellingham this summer, with Manchester City and Chelsea both keeping tabs on his situation ahead of a possible rival bid. According to The Athletic, Bellingham is Liverpool’s No 1 target for the summer as they look to rebuild their midfield under Klopp. It is understood their stance has not changed despite the 5-2 defeat to Real Madrid on Tuesday in the Champions League last-16 first leg - if anything, it only strengthened their argument. READ MORE: Carragher tells Liverpool to sign five players and addresses Klopp axe However, putting all their efforts into signing Bellingham would be going against the advice of club hero Carragher, who warned his former club that they need "at least" three midfielders and "a couple of defenders" this summer - and signing Bellingham would almost certainly drain the club's coffers. "It felt like a big game that at the end of the season we would all still look back on," he told CBS Sports. "It was two heavyweights coming together, and you expected it would certainly go to the second leg. But to be so convincing for Real Madrid, I think, was a big blow for Liverpool. "And I wouldn't say it's the 'final nail in the coffin', but I think there's a real realisation now that Liverpool do need to attack the market in the summer. DON'T MISSLiverpool's four worst defeats ever after Real Madrid thrashingKlopp told Liverpool stars 'that's not allowed' after Real Madrid lossLiverpool's stance on sacking Klopp speaks volumes after dire defeat "I would say the midfield needs three, at least, because there are players leaving on free transfers. And I think Liverpool need a couple of defenders as well. "So you're talking five or six players need to come in, and obviously players will go out. But that team have been together for so long. It does need breaking up now." Whether Liverpool have the funds to sign Bellingham is yet to be established, given that Dortmund are reportedly hoping to raise £135million in selling their star midfielder. And with a difference in opinion at Anfield at how that money could be spent, the pressure will be on Klopp and sporting director to get the deal over the line as soon as possible to silence any dissenting voices.