The average cost of paying monthly for an annual car insurance policy is £688 as of December 2022 – this is £65 more expensive than the average for a single lump sum annual payment (£623). The cost difference between a monthly versus annual payment has increased by £12 year-on-year, according to experts at Comparethemarket. Motor premiums have risen across the board over the past 12 months, as the average cost of paying annually for a car insurance policy has increased by £71 year-on-year, while the average premium for paying monthly has risen by £83. Car insurance premiums are rising as insurers pass on the higher cost of claims to their customers. The cost of car insurance claims has increased due to an uplift in the value of second-hand cars and higher vehicle repair costs. However, drivers can reduce the cost of their car insurance by shopping around. READ MORE: Caravan owners warned of daily charges as new Clean Air Zone launches Motorists could save up to £3,741 by switching their car insurance through Comparethemarket, according to the experts. The cost-of-living crisis means motorists face increased financial pressure. A separate survey from Comparethemarket found that more than one in three motorists (35 percent) have struggled to afford the cost of driving and four in ten (40 V) fear they will no longer be able to keep driving if costs continue to rise. As a result, many drivers might find it difficult to make a higher one-off payment for car insurance in the short-term, instead of paying monthly. DON'T MISS Motorists may choose to be 'selfish' and opt for E5 instead of E10 [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow specific steps after mistaking E10 with E5 [ADVICE] E10 warnings issued to drivers as some mistakes could cause damage [WARNING] However, for those who can afford the higher upfront cost, paying annually could be worthwhile and the savings could help offset other rising costs. Monthly car insurance payments are typically more expensive as drivers are paying for the benefit of having the cost broken down into more manageable chunks, as well as any additional fees incurred by the insurer who may have to carry out a credit check. Most insurers will require motorists to pay an initial deposit, which is usually 20 percent of the annual amount. Interest is then added to the remaining 10 or 11 monthly payments. READ MORE: Electric car charging network needs to be 'prioritised' before 2030 Julie Daniels, motor insurance expert at Comparethemarket, said: “As living costs continue to rise, many motorists are feeling financially squeezed. "Saving on your car insurance is always attractive, considering that the average cost of car insurance is more than £600. "Although making smaller monthly payments might seem easier, if you’re in a financial position to be able to pay your car insurance policy annually, it could lead to savings of up to £65. "If you are unable to pay your premium in one go, there are other options which could help save you money. "Shopping around for the cheapest deal when your policy ends could save you hundreds of pounds. "Switching to a telematics policy may also be a good option for some young motorists, whose premiums could be reduced if they demonstrate they are safe drivers.” The news comes after Express.co.uk revealed 10 job titles with the highest car insurance costs. Unfortunately, it’s not good news for mechanics as they will be paying a staggering £154.83 more than they were two years ago. Back in 2021, mechanics would pay £298.61 for their annual car insurance, however, that price is set to rise to £453.44 this year. This is then followed by estimators who will be paying an average of £134.83 more for their car insurance this year. Back in 2021, the price was much lower at £313.75, however, it’s set to cost £448.58 in 2023. You can see the full list here. Unfortunately, it’s not good news for mechanics as they will be paying a staggering £154.83 more than they were two years ago.