The search for the perfect Valentine’s Day present is now on with the day less than a week away. Finding a gift for any man can be hard, but a classic fragrance will always impress and there’s a cash back offer on a popular scent. According to Perfume Direct, 59.6 percent of Brits are planning to buy a Valentine’s Day present for their partners and fragrance continues to be one of the most popular gift ideas. If you’re planning to spend the day celebrating with your loved ones, then gifting them Emporio Armani’s Diamonds is a great gift. Typically priced at £63.50, a TopCashback deal brings the price down to just £29.25, saving £34.25 off its original price. TopCashback is offering new customers a £15 sign up bonus and eight percent cash back when they shop on Boots. Boots has already slashed £18.50 off its original price and with the deal combined, the price drops down to £29.25 excluding shipping. If you want to get it in time for Valentine’s Day, you’ll need to redeem the deal fast, and it expires on March 31, 2023. 1. To claim the £15 sign up bonus, new members of TopCashback need to sign up via this link. 2. Search for Boots and click ‘Get cashback now’ 3. Shop, spend £15, checkout as normal 4. Cashback will then track and appear in your TopCashback account within seven working days of your purchase. The cashback will become payable (and available to withdraw and spend) after Boots has paid TopCashback the commission for your purchase. Emporio Armani’s Diamonds is described as a spicy, woody and aromatic fragrance with notes that include Bergamot & Sichuan Pepper, Cedarwood & Cocoa Bean and Vetiver, Gaiac Wood & Ambrox. It’s got over 100 five star reviews from Boots shoppers and it’s been praised for being a lovely present for men. Kate said: “Fresh lasting scent. Bought one for my son and I love the smell so the other half got one too.” Helen agreed: “A great fragrance! I will never tire of this aroma and its lingering tones.” To ensure it arrives before Valentine’s Day, order it latest by Monday February 13, 10PM with next day delivery.