Christian Atsu's agent has confirmed that the former Newcastle and Everton winger is yet to be found after the earthquake in Turkey last week. Two pairs of the Ghanian's shoes have been discovered in the rubble with the player himself yet to be found as the search continues. Atsu has been missing since the 7.8 magnitude quake hit Turkey last Monday with concerns growing over his welfare. There had been conflicting reports that suggested he had been pulled from the rubble, but these have since been denied by his club Hatayspor. His agent Nana Sechere has now given a detailed update on the situation via his Twitter page, confirming the search was on going while some of his belongings had been found He wrote: "It has been 9 days since the earthquake and we still have not located Christian. I am at the quake site in Hatay with Christian’s family. The scenes are unimaginable and our hearts are broken for all the people affected. "During my time here we have been able to locate Christian Atsu’s exact room location, and we have found two pairs of his shoes. "Yesterday we received confirmation that thermal imagery was showing signs of up to 5 lives, however, I am told that the only real confirmation of life is through sight, smell and sound, and unfortunately we were not able to locate Christian. "This is a difficult situation and we are extremely grateful to all the Turkish and foreign rescue teams, local civilians and volunteers for their efforts and response in rescuing survivors. However, we urgently need more resources, including a translator, on the ground.  "Things are moving incredibly slow and as a result of that many rescues are being delayed, and lives are being lost due to the lack of resources available to the workers. It is unfortunate that the club is not on the ground with us, side by side, in the search for Christian. "Their position and influence, accompanied with their local knowledge would be extremely helpful. We implore the President of the club and mayor of Hatay, Lütfü Savaş to provide additional resources to speed up the rescue efforts as a priority."  Atsu spent eight years registered with Chelsea and Newcastle between 2013 and 2021 but had spent this season at Turkish Super Lig side Hatayspor for the current campaign. He did not make a single competitive appearance for the Blues, spending most of his time on loan at clubs including Everton and Bournemouth. He initially joined the Magpies on loan too, helping the club win the Championship and secure their return to the Premier League before signing permanently in 2017. He also represented Porto and has won 65 caps for the Ghana national team. The day before the earthquake hit Atsu had scored a 97th minute winner for Hatayspor to seal a 1-0 victory for his side. More than 35,000 people have been killed after the 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit south-eastern Turkey and northern Syria during the early hours of Monday morning with a second of 7.5 following shortly after. The recovery operation continues in both countries. 