Ivanka Trump took to Instagram to show off her cowgirl-inspired look on vacation. The 41-year-old wore a crop top, with her very toned stomach on show. The heiress wore a pair of slow-slung hip-hugging black flares with a black vest. Getting in the Western spirit she added a silver and turquoise concho belt and boots. She posted the mirror selfie, with the simple caption of two emojis wearing cowboy hats. The mum-of-three used her Instagram stories to post snaps from her vacation. She posted pictures of red canyons and horses. The former-political advisor also posted a snap looking happy and smiling astride a horse during the trip. It's not clear if Ivanka was joined on the trip by her children or husband Jared, as her family doesn't appear in the snaps. Ivanka's fans were quick to comment on the selfie, with one praising the "very fun outfit". One Adam Wagner wrote: "Now that's a country goddess. Yee haw." READ MORE: 'I'm worried about Ivanka': Fans 'concerned' as Trump's daughter shares personal pictures One fan wrote: "You are hotter now than ever before. And that is saying something." "Not bad for a city girl!" one impressed Instagram user wrote, while another wrote "I approve of this message!" adding a wink-face emoji. One referenced the famous character Elsa Dutton, the narrator of 1883: A Yellowstone Origin Story. They wrote: "Wait, is that Elsa Dutton? Lightning With The Yellow Hair?" Kaylyn Dougherty wrote: "You are flawless…but please don’t bring hip huggers back for the rest of us." Ivanka has been using her Instagram much more frequently to give insights into her life in recent months. This comes after the mum-of-three said she would not be joining her father Donald Trump in her campaign efforts for the 2024 election. DON'T MISSMelania leaves Donald Trump to campaign without family [SHOCK] Man behind Melania's hat was paid at least $132K by Trump [STYLE] The strange Melania Trump IQ rumour fooling some fans [ANALYSIS] She said in a statement: "I love my father very much. This time around, I am choosing to prioritize my young children and the private life we are creating as a family. I do not plan to be involved in politics. "While I will always love and support my father, going forward I will do so outside the political arena. I am grateful to have had the honor of serving the American people and will always be proud of many of our administration’s accomplishments." Ivanka posted snaps wearing one of her mother's vintage dresses on the social media account recently, as she attended a friend's 1920s-themed 30th birthday party. She wore a fringed silver Bob Mackie dress to the party of music manager Myles Shear at Faena Hotel Miami Beach last night. Posting a picture with her husband Jared Kushner on her Instagram stories, Ivanka wrote: "Swinging into the night in one of my mother's favorite vintage Bob Mackie Dresses." The vintage Bob Mackie dress was worn by Ivanka's mother Ivana to Studio 54's 25th-anniversary party in New York City back in 2002. Pictures of the mother-daughter duo from the event see the pair smiling and laughing together.