One of the five Memphis police officers charged with murdering Tyre Nichols took a photo of the 29-year-old father as he lay bloodied and handcuffed on the floor. The officer then sent the harrowing image to at least six other people, according to recently released legal documents. The now-sacked officer, Demetrius Haley, 30, took two photographs of the injured and dying Nichols who was propped up against the police car, after he was beaten by the five cops on January 7. Haley then sent the image to six people including two police officers, a civilian employee of the police department, and a female acquaintance, documents reveal. Demetrius and four other officers - Tadarrius Bean, 24, Emmitt Martin III, 30, Desmond Mills, Jr, 32, and Justin Smith, 28 - are being charged with fatally beating Nichols to death after they pulled him over for allegedly driving recklessly. Their claims of reckless driving have, however, been disputed as the police chief said the department could not find evidence to support the officers' claims. Shocking bodycam footage shows the officers repeatedly punching, kicking, pepper spraying and tasering Nichols. He was beaten to death after he tried to escape their brutal assaults against him. The officers violated a string of police protocol procedures including forcing Nichols out of his car without telling him why, or failing to tell him why he was being arrested. Haley and other officers also failed to activate their body cameras, with one, Emmitt Martin III, even removing his camera completely and throwing it into the police vehicle. After officers chased Nichols down and began beating him, Haley can be seen catching up with the other officer and then kicking the already severely injured man in the head. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley’s friend identifies critical ‘blind spot’ Instead of delivering first aid to the injured Nichols, the officers reportedly joked about beating him and allowed him to fall as they waited for the ambulance to arrive, Daily Mail reported. The documents then revealed that Haley and the other officers delivered conflicting accounts of the arrest, and even "refused to provide an accurate account" to Nichols' mother after the incident, who lived close by to where he died. The five officers involved in the assault have each been charged with second-degree murder, two counts of official misconduct, two counts of aggravated kidnapping, one count of official oppression and one count of aggravated assault, authorities said. A sixth officer at the scene, Preston Hemphill, has also been suspended following the incident. He wasn't involved in the beating but fired a taser and Nichols and was recorded saying: "I hope they stomp his ass". Seven more unnamed Memphis police are also under investigation, bringing the total of cops involved up to 13. Tyre Nichols, a father of one and avid skateboarder, was remembered during a moving and poignant funeral service attended by around 2,500 people last week. RowVaughn Wells, his heartbroken mum, told mourners: "For this to happen to him is just unimaginable. “I promise the only thing keeping me going is I truly believe my son was sent here on an assignment from God and I guess now his assignment is done — and he’s been taken home.”