Shane Warne's mammoth £11.9 million (AUD $20.7 million) fortune will reportedly be shared between his three children, his brother and his two nephews, with not a single penny going to anyone who was not a blood relative. Despite being engaged to the cricketer for two years from 2011 until their split in 2013, he is said to have failed to acknowledge Liz in his will - and Simone Callahan, who gave birth to his children and described him last year as her "eternal love". According to the MailOnline, kids Jackson, Brooke and Summer, who are all aged between 21 and 25, each received a 31 per cent share of the sporting legend's will. The remaining seven per cent was seemingly divided between his brother and his two children, Sebastian and Tyla. Shane is believed to have had almost £173,000 in liabilities at the time of his death, thanks to outstanding credit card debts and household bills. However, he had a very healthy estate valued at almost £12 million, including a luxurious Australian seaside home in Melbourne, a £1.15 million jet ski and almost £1.73 million in shares. READ NOW: Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady Meanwhile, his son Jackson is set to inherit his impressive car and motorbike collection, which is valued at over £216,000 and includes a BMW and a Mercedes Benz. The news comes less than a year after Shane's tragic death from a heart attack aged 52, while he was enjoying time in Thailand. He had previously spoken of his love for his children, telling Australian newspaper the Herald Sun that he was a very hands-on parent. "I always made their lunches, walked them to school, took them to sport, etc," he reminisced, admitting that things had been difficult following his split from wife Simone. The pair were married for six years, before splitting back in 2005. 52-year-old wellness activist Simone, who is known for her passion for yoga, spoke of "eternal love" in a heartfelt tribute to her former husband after his death last year. However, in spite of Shane praising her for her skills at "co-parenting" with him after their split, he didn't allocate any of his fortune to her. After he left Simone, he fell for Liz, who said last year that he was one of four "great loves of my life". DON'T MISS... Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys [LATEST] Pregnant Gemma Atkinson lifts weights in gym despite growing baby bump [PICTURES] Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old [DEBATE]  "Losing Shane was terrible. It's taken a long time to sink in," she admitted sadly in an interview with The Times. "I honestly kept thinking he'd call and it would turn out to be some big Aussie joke!" She also chose to acknowledge what would have been the sporting star's 53rd birthday. Referring to him as "Lionheart", she shared snaps of the pair larking around together and admitted that he would be sorely missed every day. In spite of both women's obvious continuing affection for him, it was his biological family who received the proceeds from his will. Shane had been in Koh Samui, Thailand, holidaying with friends at the time of his sudden and unexpected death. He is best known for his glittering 16 year international cricketing career, when he played as a right arm leg spin bowler and right handed batsman. He scored more than 3,000 Test Runs before retiring and later helped coach Indian team the Rajasthan Royals.