Every week, Aldi and Lidl have a selection of items in their middle aisle; whether you’re on the lookout for a new BBQ for summer grills or a new walking jacket, there are always great deals for shoppers to find. Whether you plan on visiting your local store or prefer to bag a bargain online, here are the latest deals from Aldi and Lidl. This week, Aldi is offering customers items from its DIY, Clothing and Home ranges. Whether you’re after a new low-cost wardrobe essential, an electric drill or a pot of paint to freshen up the walls, Aldi has got you covered. Anyone looking to refresh their outdoor space in time for the warmer months is in luck as the supermarket’s garden shop is also open online. Ladies Jeggings Skinny fit with an elastic waistband and a stitched-look fly, the jeggings are available in medium or light blue, in sizes small to large, Buy for £6.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Ladies jumper Choose from Crew Neck Knit Pullover in lilac or Knitted V-neck Jumper in Light grey, in sizes small to large. Buy for £9.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range Children’s Pyjamas Choose from Hearts or Dino designs in ages three/four to nine/10 years, or Unicorn or Space designs in ages five/six to 11/12 years. Buy for £5.99 each on the Aldi website and in stores now. Workwear Fleece Jacket Featuring a stand-up collar with front zip and side pockets, the fleece is available in sizes small to XXL.  Buy for £12.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Men’s High Safety Boots Designed with high-quality LWG certified leather, and featuring a steel toe cap, the boots are available in sizes seven to 11.  Buy for £19.99 for a pair on the Aldi website and in stores now. DON'T MISS...Chef shares ten foods that can be frozen to reduce food waste [GUIDE]Princess Charlotte set to have different future 'path' to George [ROYAL INSIDER]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [SHOP] 610W Electric Impact Drill A perfect all-around addition to your toolkit, this drill is a DIY essential, with a free three-year warranty.  Buy for £19.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Gardenline Square Fire Pit The fire pit is a summer garden party must-have and is the perfect way to create a delightfully warm and cosy evening through the colder nights. It is designed with a spark cover and also includes a poker and mesh cover. Buy for £89.99 online now. Gardenline Smoker BBQ Featuring two cooking grills, a thermometer and an innovative smoking section, the smoker BBC is covered in heat-resistant black paint, and has a base storage shelf and two large wheels for transportation - perfect for summer grills.  Buy for £99.99 online now. READ MORE: Tesco employee shares meaning behind new code of fruit and veg packs Lidl is helping customers clean and organises their home with Household Helpers. Also in the Middle of Lidl, this week is a selection of Hiking Helpers and sprucing up both indoors and outdoors with a selection of plants. Vax Dual Power Pet Advance Carpet Cleaner This carpet cleaner from Vax refreshes carpets and neutralises lingering pet odours, leaving your home smelling fresh and your carpets looking great. Includes a one-year warranty. Buy for £99.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. (RRP £117.99). Russell Hobbs Compact Dehumidifier This Russell Hobbs Fresh Air Mini is the ideal tool for reducing humidity and minimising the physical signs of damp and condensation in your home office, utility room or small living space. Buy for £44.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Vileda Steam Mop Thoroughly and hygienically clean all types of sealed floors with this mop. It features three steam settings to ensure optimum steam strength and moisture for every floor and includes a carpet glider for hygienic refreshing of carpets and upholstery. Buy for £49.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Kärcher Window Vac This innovative hand-held cleaner from Kärcher effortlessly sucks up moisture and leaves surfaces streak-free, clean and dry. Can be used on windows, tiles, worktops and mirrors. it’s simple to use, just mix the detergent in the spray bottle and spray, wipe with the cloth and vacuum the moisture away. Great for removing condensation too. Buy for £39.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Rocktrail 20L Hiking Backpack A lightweight backpack for shorter walking trips. It’s ergonomically shaped back padding and adjustable shoulder straps for extra comfort.  Buy for £12.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Rocktrail Mens and Ladies All Weather Jackets Breathable, windproof and waterproof with taped seams: outer can withstand a hydrostatic head of 3,000mm. Men’s comes in black/grey with orange details and sizes small, medium, large or extra large. Women’s come in pink or navy and sizes small, medium, or large. Buy for £19.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now.