Side hustles are secondary jobs people decide to take on, often to supplement their income or pursue a passion. With the cost of living crisis, many in the country are turning to side hustles to help get by financially. However, some individuals have been able to take their passion projects and turn them into incredibly successful businesses. Samantha-Jane Agbontaen, the founder of House Designer, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how her interior design company has turned into a £600,000 enterprise. She explained: “Like many Brits, I have always been what some may consider to be 'house proud'. I would spend a lot of time ensuring that my house is as close to perfection as possible. “I am of the view that your home is your sanctuary, and a well-presented house makes for a happier home which in turn encourages productivity. When my house looks good, I feel good. “Travel has always been an inspiration to me and whenever I visit a new place, I'm eager to see what their interior design is like. I decided to take my love for interior design further by studying and qualifying as an Interior Designer.” READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come When helping her friend with the design of her home, Ms Agbonataen was told that she was consulted with me as the thought of reaching out to an unknown interior designer was too daunting. Her friend believed getting a new interior designer would be expensive and is meant to be done by those who are affluent. Upon hearing this, the business woman casually asked her friend if she would hypothetically pay a small fee for the help she provided. In response, her friend said “yes” which was the beginning of the successful enterprise she has today. Overall, it took around three months for House Designer to get fully started with Ms Agbonataen getting her first client within two weeks of launching her website. Soon, she found herself having to employ more designers as she was unable to keep up with the demand coming her way. The entrepreneur added: "Initially, this was a side hustle with a goal of making around £2,000 per month “Eight months in, not only had the business broken even...it was profitable and bringing in revenues of £100,000. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “That was when I truly knew that this was going to be more than a side hustle. By year three, we're turning over £600,000 with a business valuation of seven figures. This was beyond my wildest dreams.” Sharing her long-term goals, the interior designer outlined how her formal side hustle is setting her up for retirement and boosting her savings. Ms Agbonataen said: “At the moment, I've been reinvesting the money we generate to continue to grow the business. “But in time, with the continued financial success of the business, I plan to put saving plans in place to diversify my risk and start to plan for my retirement.” On top of this, the side hustle-turned-business mogul gave some suggestions for those wanting to follow in her footsteps. She shared: “For anyone interested in starting their own business, my first piece of advice is 'Just do it'. “It's easy to become caught up in the planning stages and never actually commit, but until you act on those plans you will never know if it will work or not. “Which leads to the second piece of advice - do not fear failure. The goal is not to never fail, but to instead find ways to learn and improve from such failure. If you never fail, you're not trying hard enough.”