When Aquaman released in 2018 it was a surprise hit for Warner Bros after the disappointing box office and critical reception to Justice League a year prior. In fact, Jason Momoa and Amber Heard’s superhero blockbuster remains the highest-grossing DC movie of all time with over $1.1 billion taken at the global box office. No doubt the studio is hoping for repeat success with 2023 sequel Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom, although the first reactions from test screenings are abysmal according to multiple sources. According to leaker ViewerAnon: “I’ll be honest, we’re half a dozen test screenings in and it’s not looking great. I’ve consistently heard over the last half year or so that it’s boring, not as good as the first, and potentially one of the worst DCEU movies. “This is one of the bad things about being a scooper: I don't want to s*** on movies but at a certain point, when people know there have been a lot of test screenings our silence becomes pretty telling. I like Wan, I know he's had a rough time on this one, I hope it works out.” This was backed up by a number of other respected comic book movie scoopers. Big Screen Leaks reported: “There’s a reason I’ve been avoiding any questions about AQUAMAN AND THE LOST KINGDOM but since @ViewerAnon put it out there, It brings me no joy to back him up and tell you that test screenings for this film have not been good. Really hoping Wan fixes this movie before December. “I heard that something that almost never happened in test screenings happened with this movie. They’re really going to need to fix this one and fix it fast.” CanWeGetSomeToast tweeted: “People walked out. Been hearing similarly bad things about #AquamanAndTheLostKingdom, and it’s a shame because I read the script for that over a year ago and it was actually pretty good.” And MyTimeToShineHello simply added: “Aquaman 2 Bad.” Meanwhile, another insider claims the reason Momoa is rumoured to be playing Lobo in James Gunn’s rebooted DCU is that the film is so bad. READ MORE: Henry Cavill Superman can still return as James Gunn unveils new DCU Jeff Sneider tweeted: “I hear it’s terrible and that’s why Momoa is gonna be Lobo going forward. But they can’t say that yet because then it would be a lame duck… and DC is hoping to wring another billion out of the box office. First one was awful too, so not a huge surprise.” There are three other DCEU movies releasing this year ahead of Aquaman 2 and they are Shazam! Fury of the Gods, The Flash and Blue Beetle. Gunn says The Flash will reset the universe as the DCU, so it’s anyone’s guess how Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom will fit into all the multiverse convolution when it hits cinemas on Christmas Day.