Britney Spears, 41, sparked concern after she bizarrely adopted an Australian accent while sharing her latest fashion designing project with her huge fanbase of 41.7 million followers. She then dropped the bombshell that she was considering quitting social media following recent rumours that had made her "sick to my stomach". The Hit Me Baby One More Time songstress firmly dismissed recent rumours that her family had staged a failed intervention owing to concerns for her mental state. However, fans appeared concerned about her erratic behaviour on the post, which has since had all comments disabled. "So guys, I just want you to know, if I shut down my Instagram account, don't call the cops. Don't be a rollercoaster!" she shouted at the camera. A moment later, after lifting a sparkly dress up to the camera, she again randomly yelled: "Never be a rollercoaster!" while running fast out of the frame. READ NOW: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass David in pancake post Britney had introduced the video by revealing that she had just become a fashion designer in her own right, and had created what is believed to be her first dress. She didn't show her creation onscreen, but told the world excitedly: "Last week, guys, I made a dress. I was really proud. "[It had] a diamond panel, a zip in the back [and] a girlfriend helped me sew it," she continued. Seconds later, she unveiled a stunning crystallised dress in a beautiful shade of baby pink, exclaiming that this was one she hadn't needed to create herself. "I can't believe it. I am just saying... so proud! I didn't even have to make it myself," she continued in the same Australian twang. Britney is known for imitating different accents, and memorably transformed her Louisiana accent into a British one on her 2013 track 'Scream And Shout', a collaboration with Will.i.am. The star also previously revealed on Twitter that her different accents were one of the factors that had concerned doctors shortly before she began her conservatorship. She said they'd raised the alarm after she ordered prescription medication while using a British accent. DON'T MISS... Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST] Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES] Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE]  Meanwhile, Britney thrust the pink dress towards the camera, grinning gleefully, but failed to mention who had sent it to her. She simply said: "Thank you company for sending me this dress", leaving viewers to guess where it might be from and how they could purchase one of their own. However, it has since been claimed that the outfit is from Bougie Glitter, and would set back buyers just under £350. She thrusted against the dress several times rhythmically during an impromptu dance as she held it between her legs, and she then showcased another crystal number, this time in beige. Earlier, she had dismissed rumours that she "almost died" in a recent mental health scare and that doctors, family and management had been concerned for her welfare. "The conservatorship has been over for almost a year... No folks, it's not 2007, it's 2023!" she hit back in an Instagram video. "It makes me sick to my stomach that it's even legal for people to make up stories that I almost died," she continued. "I mean, at some point, enough is enough! I'm probably going to have to stop posting on Instagram because even though I enjoy doing it, there's obviously a lot of people who don't wish me well." She added: "I don't have a management team nor will I ever again in my life! I don't have 'medical doctors'! I take Prozac for depression and that's about it!"