Sharon (played by Letitia Dean) has always had a strong connection to staple EastEnders landmark, The Queen Vic pub. Her family owned it for a long period and she once again had ownership until a couple of years ago. As she desperately tries to help a grieving Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) get through Valentine's Day without Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) next week, Sharon makes a life-changing decision on the BBC soap. Mick was the last official person to own The Vic, and following his supposed death, Linda has been running the pub. Mick's half of the ownership was left to his wife of just one day, Janine, who is facing a lengthy prison stint. In upcoming scenes, Linda struggles to get through her first Valentine’s Day without the love of her life. Sharon helps a grateful Linda prepare for the pub's Valentine’s Day party in an attempt to distract herself from her own grief during the anniversary of Denny's (Bleu Landau) death. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered After a bad night, Linda confides in Sharon that she’s had a call from the lawyer confirming Janine still wants to sell Mick’s half of The Vic. The pair head to the café to hatch a plan, but it soon becomes apparent that Linda may have to sell up. Wanting to help her friend, Sharon later makes Linda an offer she can’t refuse. Later, she moves forward with her plans to buy Mick’s half of The Vic. Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) overhears the conversations and puts forward Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) as a potential buyer in an attempt to win back her trust. Her efforts come soon after she helped Nish Panesar (Navin Chowdhry) trick Suki into writing over half of her property empire to Vinny (Shiv Jalota). Soon after, Suki reveals in The Vic that she and Nish will be recommitting their vows of marriage, leaving Eve devastated. While Sharon is helping her friend out, she also used to love being involved with the popular pub. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise boss shares update on BBC show's future [LATEST]Paul Martin opens up on ‘privilege’ of hosting new series [EXCLUSIVE]Love Island fans fume Shaq should 'mind your own business' over Tanyel [REACTION] Fans might recall how her dad, Den Watts (Leslie Grantham) was once an iconic part of The Vic. With Sharon once again involved in the running of the pub, it seems EastEnders history is repeating itself. Will the two women be able to help each other through their grief during a poignant day for them both? Linda tragically lost Mick at Christmas time after a huge showdown between him and Janine saw the latter driving a car off a cliff and into the sea. After rescuing Janine, Mick tried to save Linda and rushed back into the dangerous water, but never resurfaced. The landlord is now presumed dead, and Linda has been stuck about what to do with the pub. With Sharon's support, she will probably be more willing to remain at The Vic. EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.