The Channel 5 presenter sat down with Paul Ansell to find out how Nicola Bulley’s friends and family are coping. Dan Walker also asked Paul what he thought about the police’s theory Nicola fell into the river Wyre. However, viewers were not impressed with the questions Dan asked, with many commenting they were “stupid” and “insensitive”. In the interview, Paul said he is “100 percent convince” his partner is not in the river. He told Dan: “People don’t just vanish into thin air. It’s absolutely impossible. So something has happened. “Whatever has happened, in my eyes, has to be somebody who knows the local area. “You would only know that area, by local, it’s a local area. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson drives off in rage as he abandons restaurant opening “And the fact that nothing’s been seen or heard, I just truly believe that it’s something in the village.” Paul has called for police to search “every house, every garage, every outbuilding”. “I want it all searched, I want it all scrutinised, and I’m just pleading with them to just please anything, anything, no matter how tiny just come forward with it because that could be the key to finding her,” he begged. As the interview came to an end, Dan asked: “Are you going to be OK?” “I will as long as she comes home,” Paul told the host, clearly emotional. “But I have to be okay for the children. Obviously the hope inside me that she’s going to come home, I can’t let myself think of anything else. “It isn’t an option in my head. We deserve a happy ending to all of this. You can’t have this level of support, this level of love and compassion and hope and prayers without getting a reward from that. “In my mind, that is impossible. When you think all of the hope and everything going out there, it has to come back and that has to bring her home.” DON'T MISS...Nicola Bulley dive expert's test that dismissed disappearance theory [LATEST]Nicola Bulley dive expert rips '10 minute window' theory apart [INSIGHT]The day Nicola Bulley simply vanished - in her partner's own words [VIDEO] Taking to Twitter to slam Dan’s final question, Villette Carswell posted: “Can't stand some of the stupid questions Dan Walker is asking #NicolaBulley's husband.” “That interview with the partner of Nicola Bulley was an absolute amateur job,” user @Muccas85 tweeted. “Dan Walker was terrible. He sat there with a smirk on his face asking questions as though he was interviewing a celeb on the BBC Breakfast sofa. The last 2 questions have wiped me out. #NicolaBulley.” Paul Goodman added: “Dan Walker is interviewing #NicolaBulley partner like he’s just had a minor hamstring issue and will be back on the pitch is 3 weeks. This is a bizarre programme.” @3Judy3 continued: “Well - you asked some truly crass questions there Dan. Utterly bizarre in this uncertainty. The next Nick Ross you are not. #NicolaBulley” @Maisiethetortie shared: “#NicolaBulley somewhat insensitive questioning from Dan Walker but I’m not sure why Paul did this interview.” Vanished: Where is Nicola Bulley? is available to watch on Channel 5 player.