In recent episodes, Coronation Street viewers have seen Stephen Reid (played by Todd Boyce) start to drug Carla Connor (Alison King) in a bid to oust her from Underworld. However, in scenes set to air next week, ITV viewers are set to see the killer accidentally drug himself which could result in him being loose-lipped about his victims.  It’s no secret Carla and Stephen haven’t seen eye to eye over the past few months as the Underworld boss is the only person in the cobbles not being fooled by his facade. Wanting to make her appear mentally ill and incompetent to run her business, the Canadian businessman has taken matters into his own hands to try and up his own position. Spiking her drinks with LSD, not once but twice, Carla’s partner Peter (Chris Gascoyne) started to fear Carla's psychosis had returned. However, in scenes set to air next week, the killer makes an accidental blunder when trying to slip the drug into her tea. READ MORE:Denise Welch blasts 'disgraceful' remarks about missing Nicola Bulley   Gathering the shareholders, Stephen argues Carla isn’t fit to take the reins and declares they should hold a vote of no confidence. Faye Windass (Ellie Leach) warns Carla about what he’s trying to do as Dick Havisham belittles Stephen for being incompetent. Arriving at Underworld, Carla summons Stephen into the office and fumes he’s trying to oust her from the business. Later on, the company prepares for the Nippersnapper presentation as the killer sees his opportunity to lace Carla’s tea with LSD to fumble in front of everyone.     As Carla takes a sip, she spits it out instantly noticing he’d used full-fat milk, meaning either he or his niece Sarah Platt (Tina O’Brien) have the drugged tea. At the hotel ready for the presentation Stephen takes to the stage, although it soon becomes clear he’s the one who drank the LSD as his vision starts to blur and he sweats profusely. Tripping on the drugs, Stephen takes a trip down memory lane and it’s possible the killer will unmask himself and share all about his murders. Pulling out of the presentation, Carla is left fuming as she makes it clear he’s having no more involvement with the American deal leaving Sarah to take over. DON'T MISS... BBC's Jon Kay opens up on horrific case he'll 'never forget' [VIDEO] BBC viewers beg Sally Nugent to 'calm down' over 'aggressive' grilling [REACTION] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [INSIGHT]    Seething at the whole ordeal, Stephen heads off to the precinct to buy more drugs insistent on knocking Carla off the top spot. Although it all goes south when the two lads pocket his money and laugh in his face, causing him to see red. A theory by Express.co.uk suggests Stephen tries to kill one of the men in a rage as he’s left humiliated, however, the other one manages to flee the scene. Unaware Carla decided to follow him after the way he was acting during the presentation, she saw the whole situation unfold, leaving two witnesses of attempted murder.   Speaking about whether or not Carla could be in danger, actor Todd Boyce touched on Stephen’s intentions of lacing her with drugs. He said: “This is not a premeditated plan to kill someone, this is to get her out of the way of the business. “He knows there are some machinists with shares in the company, and he just needs to mobilise them and make them think she is not capable of doing the job. “It’s pretty ingenious, and Carla has annoyed him so much that he doesn’t care what it is going to do to her. "It is a relatively short-term plan to start with, just to sow the seed of doubt with everyone. He plans to do it over a period of time so it looks like she is having real problems." Coronation Street continues Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays on ITV1 from 8pm. 