Enzo Fernandez has urged Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly to sign Joao Felix on a permanent basis this summer, calling the on-loan Atletico Madrid star a 'great player'. The Blues recruited Felix in January but they have no buy option on the former Golden Boy winner, who has already made an impression during his brief stint at Stamford Bridge. Fernandez and Felix were part of a gargantuan January transfer spree, led by Boehly and Clearlake Capital, as their drastic squad overhaul continued. Fernandez arrived in a £107million deal from Benfica, while Felix joined on loan after an apparent falling-out with Atletico. Neither player has managed to properly express themselves amid Chelsea's torrid run of form since the World Cup. Just two wins from their last 14 matches has invited serious pressure onto manager Graham Potter, although he retains the backing of the board. It remains to be seen whether Boehly will be game to continue Chelsea's free-spending transfer approach in the summer, but Fernandez has suggested that signing Felix on a permanent basis should be a matter of priority. JUST IN: Phil Neville breaks silence on Lionel Messi's rumoured move to MLS "[Felix] called me when I got here to ask if he could be any help," Fernandez told The Guardian. "When you get on with someone it helps on the field. He’s a great player, isn’t he? Let’s hope that Chelsea can do all they can to keep hold of him." Just like Fernandez, Felix was once one of the most expensive players in history when he joined Atletico for a reported £113m in 2019. Chelsea fans have already seen the best and worst of the 23-year-old, who dazzled on his debut against Fulham before being sent off.  Felix boasts one goal in three Premier League appearances thus far, although he will be hoping to add to that tally when Potter leads his side to face Tottenham on Sunday afternoon. He had notched seven goal contributions in La Liga this campaign before leaving Atletico last month. Along with praise for his talented team-mate, Fernandez spoke about Chelsea's troubling run of form and urged fans to be patient while the hoard of new arrivals get to know each other on the pitch. "When you get that amount of young lads and we’ve all had 20 days to get to know each other, when you’re talking about the standard of football here, it’s hard to gel as a team," he added. "But we’ve been given all the tools we need by the coaching staff and the manager. It’s just a case of being patient.” "My message to the fans would be never forget that we are representing you. Trust us. Trust the players, trust the backroom staff, trust the manager. Because we are all moving in the same direction. It is a restructuring of the club. We are going to be trying to win games, starting on Sunday. Then we can start to turn things around." 