  Jimmy Akingbola, 44, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk at the BAFTA Awards tonight about his work in new thriller Rogue Agent. The actor, who has also appeared in popular TV series like Ted Lasso and Bel-Air, was shocked to learn that his co-star Gemma Arterton, 37, had given birth to her first child.      Bond girl Gemma finally confirmed the news earlier this month after previously welcoming her child back in December. During an appearance on Zoe Ball's BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show last Wednesday, she shared that she had given birth to a baby boy. Gemma and Jimmy star together as Alice Archer and Andrew in Adam Patterson and Declan Lawn’s Rogue Agent. The Netflix film follows a conman, played by James Norton, who tricks and convinces several people he’s an MI5 agent, before Alice brings him down. READ MORE: Tom Kerridge sets record straight as Si King fronts event without Dave     After being told Gemma had given birth, the actor appeared flabbergasted. Speaking on the red carpet he exclaimed: “Oh wow! I didn’t know that - how fantastic! “That’s so amazing - if you speak to her before me, send her my love!” Elsewhere in the interview, Jimmy spoke about starring alongside James and Gemma in the film.     “It was a dream working with Gemma Arterton and James Norton,” he confirmed. “I mean, it was so fun shooting our scenes together. Obviously, my character wasn’t the nicest. “Actually, he was a nice guy but then he had to do what he needed to do. “But watching those two work together - two amazing professionals that I had looked up to - it was just such a joy.” READ MORE... Jamie Lee Curtis and Vera Wang look ageless on BAFTAs red carpet [INSIGHT] John Wayne thought co-star 'arrogant little b***ard' and avoided him [LATEST] Geri Horner and Lily James wow as they lead stars on BAFTAs red carpet [NEWS]     “We spoke about how it was important to make our work and tell our own stories in our own way,” he continued. “Because once you’ve acted in quite a few things, you realise you have an eye for it. “It was just a proud moment, it was received really well, it’s nice to have a film on Netflix.” Speaking on the Zoe Ball Breakfast show a couple of weeks ago, Gemma gushed about her newborn.     “We are very, very happy,” she told Zoe excitedly. “He was born just before Christmas. A little Christmas elf.” Gemma’s newborn son is her first child with husband Rory Keenan, who starred as Donal Henry in Peaky Blinders. The pair tied the knot in a secret wedding ceremony back in 2019. The actress first announced her pregnancy back in November, when she proudly displayed her large baby bump at the Raindance Film Festival awards.   