PayPal has announced that it will lay off seven percent of its workforce, the American company said in a statement on Tuesday. CEO Dan Schulman emphasized that the company was operating in a “challenging macroeconomic environment,” and said that while the firm had made progress getting its cost structure under control, it had “more work to do.”  The CEO wrote that laid-off workers would be given severance and support after they departed the company. He said: “We will treat our departing colleagues with the utmost respect and empathy, provide them with generous packages, engage in consultation where required, and support them with their transitions “I want to express my personal appreciation for the meaningful contributions they have made to PayPal.” PayPal is just the latest tech company to announce major layoffs, following a slew of others including Meta, Alphabet, IBM, Microsoft, Twitter, Spotify, Stripe, Amazon, and Salesforce.   Many companies went on hiring sprees during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. But when advertising revenue fell this year, spurred by fears of a global slowdown caused by inflation and subsequent interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve, these tech companies found themselves in a very different business landscape. Moshe Katri, analyst at Wedbush told Reuters: “Similar to other tech companies, PayPal is seeking to position itself financially and strategically, bracing for an economic slowdown.” Thomas Hayes, chairman and managing member at investment firm Great Hill Capital told Reuters that "tech over-hired during the pandemic and rationalizing staff during a soft period will help them to retain margins as conditions recover." READ MORE: Putin warned of 'devastating' NATO response after Boris Johnson threat  In November, PayPal had cut its annual revenue growth forecast in anticipation of a broader economic downturn and said it did not expect much growth in its US e-commerce business in the holiday quarter. Executives at the company said at the time that a challenging macro environment, and slowing e-commerce trends were pushing it to be prudent with its forecast. Last week, Google fired 12,000 employees sending shock waves globally. Sundar Pichai, later in an internal meet, explained why the company fired 12,000 employees without prior notice. DON'T MISS:England’s teachers among the best paid for fewest hours in Europe [REVEAL]7million children to miss lessons as 500,000 workers stage strike [INSIGHT]Britain and EU set for a breakthrough for hated Brexit deal [SPOTLIGHT] He claimed that he had to do the deed before things got worse. Other executives in the meeting claimed that the decision had to be made. Mr Pichai said: “If you don’t act clearly and decisively and early, we can compound the problem and make it much worse. “These are decisions I needed to make.” 