Pep Guardiola talked before this game about how he was determined to enjoy the experience of the Champions League, the dinners and the wine on his European travels this season. And while he will not be packing away his passport just yet with Manchester City still favourites to progress, a frustrating draw at RB Leipzig will have soured the taste just a touch. Riyad Mahrez’s first-half opener had given City a degree of control that should have made this a stroll but his strike was cancelled out by Josko Gvardiol’s header prior to a contentious end to this contest. City were frustrated at the close after a late handball shout against Benjamin Henrichs was waved away following a short VAR check. And perhaps with good reason just three days after letting a similarly commanding performance at Nottingham Forest end in a draw his side did it again. City should still go through with the Etihad to come but Guardiola will demand a more ruthless display in three weeks if they are to make their sixth consecutive quarter-final. Leipzig have made it into the knockout stages three times in the last five seasons. And you certainly could not fault the positive mental attitude in which set out against the favourites last night with a huge banner stretched across the end to the left which read ‘We’re on our way to Istanbul!’. That may be wishful thinking but once again they proved formidable opponents on home soil. Real Madrid, Tottenham, Manchester United and City themselves in last season’s group stages have all fallen here and now Guardiola’s men have been held to a draw. Manager Marco Rose set up his side to play deep, stay closely connected and hit City if they could on the counter and while they were under pressure throughout it worked for nearly half an hour. The gameplan was shaken by a misplaced pass from Xaver Schlager seized on by Jack Grealish and a mistake from Josko Gvardiol, who let the City winger’s through ball through his legs on the edge of the area. Ilkay Gundogan was credited with the assist having got a faint touch to help the ball on its way but his role was more distraction. Either way it gave Mahrez the chance to sweep home which he did with goalkeeper Janis Blaswich rooted. Rodri might have extending the lead but the half finished with Leipzig’s only meaningful attack, Timo Werner forcing a comfortable save from Ederson after cutting on to his right foot from the left side of the area. It was a suitable footnote to what had been an armchair ride but Leipzig returned after the break with a little more energy. Substitute Henrichs added plenty twice going close with a header then just pulling a golden opportunity wide after being put in on the right by Andre Silva. It was a wake-up call for City who tried to weather the mini-storm with a spell of possession yet Leipzig came back at them. Andre Silva had a chipped effort from a tight angle saved by Ederson and it was the Leipzig striker who brought about the breakthrough, forcing Ederson to tip a shot at the top corner around his post. From the subsequent corner Gvardiol rose high above Ruben Dias to head home from six yards out. City were aggrieved the Croatian was climbing on their defender and his hands were on his shoulders but the goal stood. The visitors might have doubled their lead before the goal only for Erling Haaland to pull his only chance of the night wide or regained it after when Gundogan stung the hands of Blaswich low to his left. But they could not find a way through and the final 10 minutes saw both sides resigned to a draw being a decent result to take to the Etihad in three weeks' time.