The long-running BBC period drama is near the end of its 12th season as viewers prepare to see fan favourite character Trixie (played by Helen George) have her big day with Matthew (Olly Rix). With the last episode of Call The Midwife being delayed an extra week, the actors have revealed what fans can expect for the big 1960s wedding.  It’s been an emotional series of Call The Midwife as fans have seen the BBC drama tackle mental health, domestic violence and the racial tensions in communities following Enoch Powell’s infamous speech. The penultimate episode had tensions running at an all-time high as fans were left fearing for Sister Monica Joan (Judy Parfitt) who took a turn for the worse after falling ill. However, with the BAFTA’s replacing the usual time slot of Call The Midwife, viewers will have to wait two weeks to find out her fate. The grand finale will also see the wedding of Trixie and Matthew as the preview showed Trixie’s future mother-in-law pay a visit.  READ MORE:Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore  Due to the finale delay, actors Helen George and Olly Rix teamed up with BAFTA for a Q and A video on Instagram to share what people can expect to see in the last episode of the season. When asked what three words would they use to sum up the last instalment, actor Olly Rix revealed it’s “too big” to sum up. Helen commented: “Profound, romantic and community.” Touching on the couple’s upcoming wedding that viewers have been anticipating, the BBC stars were asked if they manage to make it through the event without a hitch.   Coyly, Helen replied: “There’s photographic evidence out there that they get hitched and you know, there are a few teething problems along the way. “There’s a lot of fun to be had with that. We saw the last clip of the show but not the show in its entirety. “The last show is really beautiful, a beautiful shot of all of the community and Matthew and Trixie, it’s a very special moment I think at the end.” It looks as though people can expect to follow Trixie and Matthew into their journey as newlyweds as Call The Midwife has been renewed for a further two seasons. DON'T MISS... EastEnders viewers 'work out' Lily Slater baby kidnapping twist [REACTION] Stacey Solomon gesture makes Sort Your Life Out guest break down [VIDEO] Emmerdale's Bob Hope and Bernice Blackstock accused of an affair [SOAP] Although the 13th season had already been confirmed in the past, BBC bosses recently revealed fans can expect the show to run until at least 2026. Following the regular format, both seasons 14 and 15 will have eight 60-minute episodes along with the much-loved Christmas specials. Speaking about the new commissions, creator and writer of the show Heidi Thomas expressed she was “overjoyed”. In a statement, she said: “Call the Midwife is the pride and joy of all who work on it, but it's our fantastic, loyal audience that matters most.  “We are a family behind the scenes, on the screen, and in front of the telly, and I'm thrilled that we're all heading into the 1970s together." The series first aired back in 2012 and is loosely based on the books written by Jennifer Worth. Her novels were about her time as a nurse during the 195s in the poverty-stricken East End of London. Although the author sadly died before the first episode made it on air, viewers would have seen her role portrayed by Jessica Raine in the first few seasons. Call the Midwife continues Sunday, February 26 on BBC One at 8pm 