Reims forward Folarin Balogun, who remains eligible to play for England, Nigeria and the US men's national team, has a big decision to make on his future. The 21-year-old, who was born in New York, has been in fine form this season - and international teams are expected to soon start swirling for his services.  With 15 goals in 23 matches, Balogun sits tied in first place in the Ligue 1 scoring charts alongside Lille's Jonathan David and Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe. The 21-year-old, who is on loan at the northern French side from Arsenal, has yet to decide on which country he will represent at international level. A decision on his international allegiance could be made in the next year, and his eye-catching performances in France could see a strong push from Gareth Southgate's England. However, according to some, the USMNT and Nigeria could offer more playing time and room to build a legacy, even if they haven't performed as well in recent international tournaments.  Although Balogun is remaining coy for now, US fans are doing everything they can to convince him to choose the USMNT over anyone else. Several comments under his latest posts on Twitter include emojis of the United States flag, as well as pleas for him to make the switch back to his home country ahead of the 2026 World Cup. Those messages are now being relayed by former USA international Eric Wynalda, who has given Balogun three different reasons to snub England in favour of a return to the Stars and Stripes. In 2000, Wynalda retired from the United States national team as its all-time leading goalscorer and believes Balogun is the answer to their current issues in attack.   He told The Action Network's Wondergoal Podcast: "If we get Folarin Balogun we solve a lot of problems. I'm impressed with everything about him. The power that he has, the timing of his runs." Wynalda then explained how the US can turn Balogun's head by offering a star role at the World Cup and beyond. He added: "If you look at the circumstances that he's in and the team he's playing for, they're mid-table and he's playing for a manager that's 30 years old and the club have to pay a £20,000 ($25,000) fine because he doesn't have a licence to coach at that level. "We have to appeal to his ego which is the reality of this. We should let him know that he will be a star. An absolute star at a World Cup, in his own country as he was born in New York."   Wynalda concluded that if Balogun opts for England, he won't become a star - whereas he will with the US. He affirmed: "We need to lock him in with some sponsors too. He will be a star with us. He won't necessarily be a star with England. "It will come down to how important it is for him to be in the spotlight. That's the only chance we've got to get him. Everything from the Mastercards, the Budweisers, the Coca-Cola's, the big ones that will be sponsors of this World Cup. They have to figure out how to fit him into the budget." 