Police looking for missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley are searching a caravan site just a short distance from where her phone was found. The 45-year-old has not been seen since January 27 when she disappeared while out walking her dog by the river in St Michaels-on-Wyre, Lancashire.  She had just dropped her two girls, aged six and nine, off at a nearby school, and had joined a work call just after 9am. The mortgage adviser was last seen in a field with her Springer Spaniel Willow along the River Wyre at 9.10am. When her phone was found around 25 minutes later it was still connected to the Teams call but there was no sign of her. Wyreside Farm Park caravan site is being searched by police officers for clues about Ms Bulley’s disappearance. The site is closed to the public until next month.    The Sun reports that the caravan park is one of several CCTV “blind spots” in the area. Detectives think Ms Bulley, from Inskip, Lancashire, may have accidentally fallen into the river and drowned. But they say they are “open” to all possibilities and are investigating every report made to them. These include someone in the village saying they saw two men trying to hide their faces near to the area where Ms Bulley walked her dog the day before she disappeared. The person who reported it said the men were carrying fishing rods and appeared to be wearing hats or hoods. READ MORE: UK launches security review of UFOs in US  The witness said: "It was very strange. It made me uneasy." He saw one of the men again the following day but did not think about it much until he heard that Ms Bulley was missing. Thinking back to when he saw them, he said he thought it odd that they were wrapped up warm when the weather was mild. And he thought it was strange that they were not carrying a tackle or bait box. Police officers are also going through footage from security cameras and dashcams and trying to track down the owner of a shabby-looking red van which was seen outside a barn on the morning Ms Bulley disappeared. DON'T MISSRed Sea braces for Russian naval expansion as Kremlin approves base [ANALYSIS]Tory MPs accuse ministers of Brexit sellout after private EU summit [REVEALED]Excess deaths mystery 'needs solving urgently', says ONS [REPORT]  Tree surgeon Denis Rowlandson, 47, said:"I don’t know anybody with a red van who should be parked outside that barn or near the entrance. "There’s no reason to be there at all without my permission." And officers are believed to be compiling a list of all the registered sex offenders in the area as is protocol, according to a former Met Police detective. Anyone with information that may help the police find Ms Bulley is asked to call 101, quoting log 473 of January 27. For immediate sightings, call 999. 