WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders. Ryan Malloy (played by Neil McDermott) first appeared in EastEnders in 2009 when it came out he was Whitney Dean's (Shona McGarty) half-brother. He had a difficult upbringing after their mum left him when he was one-year-old with his abusive alcoholic dad who later died. When he found his mum again, she told him about Whitney and that's when he started looking for her and ended up in Albert Square. In 2011, Ryan told Whitney he was going to be leaving Walford for a little while to do some work up North. However, when he returned, he finds out that Whitney had been sexually exploited by Rob Grayson (Jody Latham) and urged her to get tested for STIs which she agreed to. He couldn't let go of the thought of what happened to his younger sister though and went after Grayson. The pair ended up fighting at Southend with Ryan pushing them both off the pier and into the sea. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' Ryan's actions accidentally caused Rob to die through drowning and he was eventually sent to prison for his involvement in his death. However, it wasn't too long before Ryan was released due to a lack of evidence. He has been in the BBC soap a handful of times since his official exit in 2011, last showing his face in 2016. It is thought Ryan is now living in Wakefield where he resides with his prison officer girlfriend Helen. During his stint in EastEnders, Ryan had an on-off marriage to Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). Of course, their relationship turned sour as he realised he was in love with Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner). They slept together and she revealed her daughter Lily was actually his, months after giving birth. With 12-year-old Lily now pregnant, Ryan is going to be returning to Walford to find out what's been going on. DON'T MISS...The stars of Happy Valley have addressed the future of the series [EXPLAINER]Dancing On Ice star claims celebs have ‘skated with pros' before show [REVEALED]EastEnders 'casts 'Allo Allo legend' with fans 'working out' role [CAST] As of yet, it isn't known how long he will be in the drama but it will reportedly be a "short stint". Talking of his comeback, McDermott said: "When I heard what the story was I was really pleased that the stars aligned and I was able to revisit Ryan and set foot back on the Square. "It was so lovely to see so many old friends and to work with Shona and Lacey again, as well as to meet and work with Ryan’s daughter, played beautifully by Lillia." This isn't the only matter Ryan will be involved with when he is in Albert Square. Ryan's sister Whitney is also pregnant and is worried about her unborn child's health after being diagnosed with omphalocele, a condition that causes organs to grow outside of the body. Zack Hudson (James Farrar) hasn't exactly been there for her either as he found out he was HIV positive which may have caused the baby's ill health. So how will Whitney and Ryan react when they discover the truth about Zack's diagnosis? EastEnders continues four nights a week on BBC One.