Lana had been trying to decide whether she wanted to give Ron Hall another chance at their coupling or give new boy Casey a chance to see if there was a spark there. During the Love Island recoupling, she shocked her fellow islanders by deciding to go with Casey but has since turned around to the girls and explained that she regretted her decision. Walking away from the fire pit, Tanyel Revan asked Ron how he was feeling about Lana's decision, which he claimed was now a "closed book". He said: "That book's closed, I'm going to let them be happy. When you speak to her just say it's fine, I don't need to talk to her. "I don't want to talk to her tonight, I will deal with it in my own way." On the other side of the villa, Lana caught up with Ellie Spence, Jessie Wynter and Olivia Hawkins who were stunned at her choice. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' Olivia expressed: "I'm shocked, you left me on edge. I just want to say I'm so proud of you and whatever makes you happy, makes me over the moon." Lana explained: "I just think why shouldn't I give Casey a chance, he's not done anything wrong. "I'm not closing any doors right now, all I'm doing is giving Casey more time. People's actions after things like this say a lot." The next day, the girls caught up on the terrace where Lana explained she had mixed emotions about her decision. She said whilst in bed with Casey, she was wishing it was Ron and felt like she "didn't sleep" all night. Later in the day, Lana pulled Ron for a chat and said: "I don't like upsetting you. I feel like picking Casey wasn't a deep thing. "It wasn't like 'that's my decision', it was more of well we have a couple more days to know each other. "Another factor in it was also I was thinking can I not forgive because I never held anything against you? DON'T MISS...Countryfile backlash as fans scream at BBC over Adam mining segment [LATEST]Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [WATCH] "But after I've had so many days upset about something, I am like, I don't want to form into a couple with you straight away and it all be ok." Not convinced by her reasoning to recouple with Casey, Ron quizzed: "I feel like him being here for four days has superseded how we felt." He also added their coupling wouldn't have gone back to the way it was as he gained more "respect" for her over the last couple of days. Fans of the show were left furious after their conversation and took to their Twitter page to show their concern for Casey. @Megann_NRx tweeted: "I love Lana but Casey deserves better so he should not be in a game plan #LoveIsland." Olivia Bradley wrote: "Lana going back to Ron after everyone was so happy for her last night picking Casey #loveisland." @mlawelshgirl commented: "And the Ron and Lana saga goes on Casey going to be caught in the middle here as he’s on cloud 9 been in a couple with her." @cardinal_molsey added: "I feel for Casey. He’s been caught up in all this drama and doesn’t deserve how he’s being treated. He doesn’t deserve this toxicity. Lana needs to sort her head out quick #loveisland." @Ash81974121 noted: "I think Lana is using Casey as a safety net #loveisland," whilst @LouiseGoodfelow fumed: "Casey sitting there planning his future with Lana. "She's thinking about running off to the sunset with Ron. This gal needs to sort her head out #LoveIsland." (sic) @molliemaeg added: "Casey is SO lovely and she’s going to ruin his happiness, protect him at all costs pls." Love Island airs every night from 9pm on ITV2.