Novak Djokovic has been tipped to smash both Serena Williams’ Open Era Grand Slam record and Margaret Court’s all-time number of titles as renowned tennis coach Rennae Stubbs gave her verdict on how many Majors he would end his career with. Djokovic tied Rafael Nadal’s men’s singles record of 22 Grand Slam titles after winning the Australian Open last month. It means the rivals are expected to do battle for a historic 23rd trophy at the upcoming French Open which would see one of them equal Williams’ Open Era record and come within one Slam of Margaret Court’s all-time 24 titles. Following the Serb’s triumph Down Under, he has now been tipped to go on and win a minimum of five more, with Rennae Stubbs declaring that the world No 1 would finish his career with a total of 28 Grand Slam trophies to his name. “I think that by the time Novak finishes his career, he’s gonna have, I'm gonna guess at 28,” the 51-year-old said on her Rennae Stubbs tennis podcast. “I think that he can win at least five more Grand Slams by the time he’s finished his career. So that'll put him in about 27.” The former doubles world No 1 also said Djokovic was a favourite at any tournament he played and backed him at three of the four Majors, while Nadal is known as the King of Clay with 14 French Open titles to his name. JUST IN: Tennis star describes horror of Turkey earthquake as players stranded   “You have to think that he is a favourite every time he plays,” she said of Djokovic. “Particularly a hardcourt Grand Slam or at Wimbledon. I mean, the guy can win a couple more Wimbledon titles.” Stubbs also thought that Djokovic’s quest for the most Majors in history wouldn’t be derailed by the next generation of players despite Carlos Alcaraz’s US Open win and Holger Rune’s victory over the Serb in the Paris Masters final last year. The Aussie tennis coach explained that the 35-year-old was too superior over the best-of-five set format, claiming it was his big advantage over the younger stars. DON'T MISSInside Coco Gauff's incredible life born to athlete parentsRaducanu set strict goals to keep dreams alive after game 'exploded'Federer needs 'special condition' to accept Wimbledon role - EXCLUSIVE She added: “I know it's really hard to do once these young kids like Alcaraz, Rune and others start really believing in themselves over five sets. Obviously Alcaraz does because he won the US Open last year. “Over five sets, that's the future. Guys believe that they can beat him over three because they've done it, right? And he can have a bit of an off day, but having an off day over five sets... Even if you have a bit of an off day, you can always pull it back. So over five sets, Novak is just unbeatable. For now.” 