Manchester United icon Gary Neville was told off for making a jibe at Manchester City after Pep Guardiola's side defeated Aston Villa 3-1 on Sunday. In their first game since being charged by the Premier League for allegedly breaking Financial Fair Play rules, goals from Rodri, Ilkay Gundogan and Riyad Mahrez sealed all three points ahead of their crucial midweek showdown against Arsenal. As Sky Sports host Kelly Cates was informing viewers at the end of the show following Manchester City's victory that they could watch the broadcaster's documentary on the spell that City spent in the lower divisions before their present-day riches came along. Cates described the 'We're Not Really Here' City documentary before Neville interrupted and said: "Might not be in a few years..." In regards to the ongoing investigation from the Premier League which could have serious ramifications if the club are found to have been guilty of the over 100 alleged offences. The host was frustrated with Neville and said "We nearly got through it Gary," in response to the former United defender interrupting her outro, while ex-Manchester City defender Micah Richards was equally unhappy. Neville hit back at his colleague: "I'm only joking Micah, relax, you can't joke anymore," though Neville had to be reminded that he was not able to pre-judge the outcome of any Premier League investigation live on Sky. As Cates signed off the show, she said: "Can't pre-judge the outcome of any investigation as you well now, it does focus on their season in the second and third tier of English football back in 1999 if you want to follow that. From all of us here, I think it's probably best we go, don't you?"  Earlier in the show Neville gave this view on the Premier League's case against City and admitted he was "nervous" after several of the charges were amended. "Well he’s gone on the front foot, which is what I think Manchester City fans would want to see and certainly I suppose the people above him who have been in charge over the last 10 years," Neville said after Guardiola responded strongly in his pre-match press conference. "They’ve got a major fight on their hands, and there’s going to be a major loser here. The Premier League are going to be found to be incompetent if they can’t land the charges, and obviously if they do land the charges on Manchester City then it’s going to obviously tarnish the last 10 years for many people - particularly clubs who’ve been fighting that sort of, if you like, fight against them. "I have to say that - I come at it from two different ways - if they broke the rules they should get the book thrown at them and that will happen, but if they haven’t then the Premier League, four years it’s taken them, I’m a little bit nervous about the Premier League’s defence in the sense that this morning they’ve had six of the charges changed, I think it’s come out in the papers because they’ve got the wrong years, which is really sloppy having been investigating it for four years." 