The popular ITV series hasn't been on screens for two years after series four came to an end in 2021. From series one to four, the drama followed police duo Sunil 'Sunny' Khan (played by Sanjeev Bhaskar) and Cassandra 'Cassie' Stuart (Nicola Walker) as they tackled historic cases. However, Cassie was killed off in an unexpected twist in series four, so Sinéad Keenan will be joining the cast as newcomer Jessica James. The actress admitted she had initially turned down the role because she was "nervous" to step into Nicola's shoes. Cassie died in a car accident in series four, leaving a heartbroken Sunny without his detective partner. Sinéad will now be starring alongside him in the ITV drama but had to be convinced to take on the role. "I said, 'No, no. Thanks very much, no,'" the Irish actress confessed. Speaking to RTE, she continued: "I said, 'Who's going to be the gob***** to follow Nicola?'" READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue "What I was mainly nervous about was following Nicola Walker, because who wants to do that?" she explained. "She's so brilliant and you almost have to forget about her [to take on the role]. "I'm a different person. I'm a different actor. It's a different character. If I thought about it too much, well, I wouldn't have done it." Thankfully, Sinéad decided she would join series five as the new officer. Cassie's car accident was a huge plot twist, with the story added outside of the central plot. Despite the sudden exit, ITV quickly renewed the drama, so fans have been expecting more episodes. Sanjeev recently addressed some of the backlash he faced from fans following the tragic twist. He told Radio Times: "Nicola and Cassie are both iconic, but I was still surprised by the outpouring of grief. DON'T MISS... The Office star details 'agonising' search for missing sister-in-law [VIDEO]The Apprentice star talks 'amazing experience' ahead of early exit [EXCLUSIVE]Beyond Paradise star details 'hard time' during Death In Paradise [LATEST] "A few people messaged me on social media saying they would never watch Unforgotten again… ‘Why couldn’t Cassie retire [rather than being killed in a car crash]?’ "'Because', I said, ‘Life is not like that’. Nicola and I still chat every few weeks or send texts." In the last episode, viewers saw her colleague place flowers on her grave which read "Mother, daughter, copper", after her life support machine was turned off. The tear-jerking episode heard Sunny paying tribute to his colleague and "friend".  With series five almost here, viewers can likely expect Sunny and Jess to delve into another cold case. Sinéad is best known to Irish fans for playing Farrah Phelan in Fair City and to UK fans as werewolf Nina Pickering in BBC Three's Being Human. She has also been in Showtrial, Little Boy Blue, The Snatcher, Deep Water and My Left Nut. Most recently, she featured in an episode of the hit Channel 4 sitcom Derry Girls. Unforgotten season five premieres on Monday, February 27,at 9pm on ITV. 