Star Wars still focuses on the Skywalker family, even to this day. The upcoming third season of The Mandalorian will no doubt bring Luke Skywalker back into the fold after he took Grogu (Baby Yoda) away to train him as a Jedi. Luke was also a major part of the sequel trilogy, ending with The Rise of Skywalker. But, as Yoda once said: There is another. Star Wars creator George Lucas had other plans for the original trilogy. Lucas spoke candidly about the theory behind Star Wars' original trilogy with James Cameron in James Cameron’s Story of Science Fiction. During the in-depth discussion, he pointed out just how important another hero was: Princess Leia. He said: "She is a senator. She graduated from college. She's a very smart person, very much in control. And she's a good shot." What's more, Lucas pointed out that, at the beginning of their battle against the Empire, Luke and Han Solo were not exactly the greatest heroes around. Lucas explained: "The two guys were - one was naive and didn't know anything, had no knowledge. The other one thought he knew everything, but he didn't know anything, either." As a result, Leia was the person who "knew everything". "She was the one that was driving the whole story," Lucas added. Lucas even fought the toy companies to make sure that she got her own action figure. He added: "When you've lined them up, she's the main character, for God's sake." DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson almost played big Star Wars role 'in Thriller makeup'Fox Marvel star 'set for Avengers Secret Wars’ 20 years after debutStar Wars actor slams spin-offs ahead of Mandalorian season 3 Looking at the original trilogy's narrative, it's easy to see what Lucas was saying. Without Leia, R2-D2 and C-3PO would not have been given the Death Star plans and got them to Luke and Ben Kenobi. What's more, she became integral in organising the Rebel Alliance in the following movies, The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi. Finally, she was responsible for destroying the shield surrounding the Death Star when she and Han Solo launched an assault on the Forest Moon of Endor. The sequel trilogy placed Leia in an important part of the story, as well. Not only was she the mother of Kylo Ren / Ben Solo, the series' antagonist, but she was also the leader of the Resistance. Even after she was killed off in the franchise, her lightsaber became the weapon Rey Skywalker used to defeat Emperor Palpatine. It's easy to see that, without Leia, the Star Wars series would have fallen to the Dark Side. The Star Wars films are available to stream on Disney Plus now. The Mandalorian season 3 begins on Wednesday on Disney Plus. SOURCE