Cristiano Ronaldo’s Saudi Arabia stay has hit a new low after fans mocked a viral video of his attempt at a skill in Al-Nassr’s latest game. The Manchester United and Real Madrid legend signed a blockbuster £340million deal to stay in the Middle East for two years, but has already been linked with a return to Europe. Fans offered a mixture of mockery and sympathy with Ronaldo, who many feel has seen his world-class ability wane significantly over the last 18 months. The 38-year-old finally scored his first goal in Al-Nassr’s 2-2 draw with Al Fateh last Thursday, but produced an underwhelming performance aside from his late penalty. In a fan-recorded video shared on TikTok, Ronaldo receives the ball on the left wing and performs a ball-roll in an attempt to get past two defenders. He then tries to cut inside into the penalty area but is thwarted by the first opposition player. As the ball rebounds back into Ronaldo’s path, he tries to cross the ball but his delivery is easily blocked. He is then outmuscled by the second defender who runs away with possession, leaving Ronaldo frustrated by the situation. JUST IN: Chelsea suffer blow as new signing Andrey Santos may have to leave “What is bro doing?,” commented @BabyNav alongside a skull emoji. @Fatalluv added: “It’s like bro never touched a ball, if u could show young Cristiano this bro wouldn’t even believe it.” Referencing Ronaldo’s long-standing rivalry with Lionel Messi, another TikToker joked: “Bruh thinks he’s Messi.” Others felt bad for the five-times Ballon d’Or winner. @Cesahh_ said: “It makes you feel bad at some point.” In a dig at the £340m Ronaldo is expected to be paid by Al-Nassr over the course of his two-year contract, @Ohh_stuss commented: “Bro finessed his club!” Saudi officials are confident Ronaldo will see out his career in the country. However, Al-Nassr head coach Rudi Garcia placed doubt on those hopes last month, saying: "He is one of the best players in the world. He will not finish his career at Al Nassr, he will return to Europe.” DON'T MISS...Cristiano Ronaldo called out by Karim Benzema personal trainerRonaldo making life 'difficult' for Al-Nassr after contract U-turnRonaldo accused of making matches 'more difficult' by Saudi team-mate Former Bayern Munich defender Luis Gustavo has also claimed that Ronaldo makes matches harder for his Al-Nassr team-mates. The defender said: “Certainly the presence of Cristiano makes it difficult for us as all teams seek to participate against him in the best possible way, and he gives motivation to everyone [on the opposition].” However, the 35-year-old insists Ronaldo also gives them an advantage, adding: “His presence at Al-Nassr gives a great advantage to the group because we learn from him everyday, given the great capabilities he possesses, both technically and physically. Cristiano Ronaldo was created for challenges and he always succeeds in them.” Ronaldo has played three times for his new club, who he joined following his axe by Man Utd in November. He has won just once and the Riyadh outfit were dumped out of the Saudi Super Cup.