Thousands of Britons will have to manage their money differently this year as banks continue to close branches across the UK. Barclays, HSBC and Lloyds are all planning to close branches in 2023 with Barclays set to close 41 branches this year. The decision will affect thousands of people in particular pensioners. High street bank branches could soon be a thing of the past - since 2015 almost 5,000 high street banks have shut down or are set to close. Some 257 bank branches will shut their doors for the final time this year according to data from LINK, the UK's largest cash machine network. The increase in people using online banking and the COVID-19 pandemic have both had their part to play, but charities like Age UK are worried the move will affect the most vulnerable in society such as pensioners. Out of these 2023 closures, Barclays is set to close 41 branches up and down the country. READ MORE: SSE customer still waiting for £2,000 refund she needs to keep warm Barclays has already closed its Amersham branch in January and its branches in Ellesmere Port and Liskeard in February. Its branches in Weymouth and Dagenham will shut their doors for the final time at the beginning of March. This comes after a record number of closures in 2022 - Barclays closed 132 branches last year. A Barclays spokesperson said: “We continue to review and adjust our branch footprint to ensure it reflects the way that our customers are increasingly choosing to do their banking." DON'T MISSOver 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform [INSIGHT]State pension age increases are changing [UPDATE]NatWest ups overpayment rates on mortgages - could save thousands [ALERT]  Barclays is setting up banking pods in shopping centres and retail parks to provide in-person banking support. At least 10 will be rolled out across the UK by summer 2023 following the success of the bank’s first pod in St Austell in Cornwall.  Barclays isn't the only bank moving away from the high street - HSBC has the most planned branch closures in 2023 and is planning to close 114 sites. NatWest and Nationwide are also closing 19 bank branches in February. The Daily Express is campaigning to save Britain’s high street banks from extinction after experts warned all branches will be shut within four years. Popping into a local branch is no longer an option for 18.7 million people according to a survey into the impact of branch closures for the Daily Express’ Save Our High Street Bank campaign. Customers can, however, access certain services from any of the Post Office's 11,400 branches. Britons are encouraged to use the Post Office's branch finder tool to locate their nearest. 