Casemiro's latest stand-out performance to help Manchester United lift the Carabao Cup raised questions about how Erik ten Hag will replace him when the time comes. But the Dutchman could already be nurturing a ready-made successor after the emergence of footage from Sunday's triumph. Casemiro has helped United challenge for honours again, just seven months into Ten Hag's Old Trafford tenure. The decorated Brazilian netted the opener in the 2-0 win against Newcastle United at Wembley Stadium, ending a six-year wait for silverware in M16. But after turning 31 earlier this month, he could be entering the latter years of his prime, and Ten Hag will need a succession plan for such a crucial player. He could already have his eyes on the chosen one after making Kobbie Mainoo one of the club's latest academy graduates. Mainoo received the first senior winner's medal of his young career at Wembley after featuring earlier in the competition. JUST IN: Chelsea stars 'not getting on' as Mykhaylo Mudryk decisions questioned And during United's celebrations, cameras caught Ten Hag making a special effort to approach the 17-year-old midfielder for a conversation. He appeared to be pointing out the jubilant scenes, perhaps telling Mainoo that he would be central to the club's future success. By the time Casemiro's spell at Old Trafford ends, Mainoo could be ready to inherit the mantle at the heart of Ten Hag's team. He has made three appearances this season and has featured in the matchday squad 13 times. And Mainoo has already acknowledged how beneficial training alongside midfielders of Bruno Fernandes and Casemiro's ilk has been to his early progression. DON'T MISS Phil Jones claims Man Utd have a better player than Lionel MessiPotter faces Chelsea ultimatum as players 'angry' after Tottenham lossGraham Potter 'fears he's being undermined by his Chelsea players' After making his United debut in January, starting the 3-0 win against Charlton Athletic at Old Trafford, Mainoo explained the honour of learning from Casemiro first-hand. He said: "I've been in training with the lads quite a few times. They all made me feel welcome, and all gave me words of advice and encouragement. So I felt at home. "To be able to follow Casemiro closely and watch him in training is an honour, and for him to come on for me is crazy. "I looked at the teamsheet, and I was starting. I was a bit shocked, but I had to do my job. Yeah, there were some butterflies, but it was more exciting." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here