I know we’re still in February and there is plenty to be getting on with, but March is just round the corner and spring is almost in the air. I ordered my dahlias a week ago and I plan on planting them all into three-litre pots initially, with peat-free multi-purpose compost. These will go into my greenhouse (once we have built it – it’s currently in a 1,000 plus pieces) to grow on. They will be kept moist and away from frost. When they start growing and are about 10cm tall you can take basal cuttings to extend your dahlia collection. With my dahlias growing in the greenhouse, I should see shoots in a few weeks. Simply take a sharp knife and cut the shoot as low as you possibly can, ideally taking a slither of the tuber attached to the shoot. Remove the bottom leaves and pinch out the growing tip. I’m also going to try different rooting remedies this year, from honey and turmeric to hormone rooting powder that you can buy at garden centres.  Fill a 9cm or 11cm pot with peat-free, multipurpose compost and insert a cutting. Firm them in with your fingers and top with grit (optional) and water. Finally, place a clear plastic bag over the top and place the cuttings in a warm, bright spot, but away from direct sunlight. READ MORE: Method to kill driveway and patio weeds in an ‘instant’ Depending on the age and size of the original tuber, you could get half a dozen cuttings. That’s six plants for free! I’m delighted that dahlias are back in fashion (in fact, in my opinion, they never went out of fashion). There are so many to choose from and are ideal for beginner and seasoned gardeners. This year I have broken away from the rich hues of red, orange and purple and been seduced, like so many gardeners, with gorgeous dahlias in shades of apricot, coral, cream and pale orange with hints of pink, raspberry and plum. Once all signs of frost have passed, I’ll transplant my dahlias into new borders enriched with compost and an organic slow-release fertiliser, such as fish, blood and bone. For some depth of colour, I have chosen the stunning ‘Bishop of Auckland’ with red-velvet-like blooms, the rich purple-red of ‘Ripples’, the anemone-style ‘Rock Star’ with red and pink undertones and my favourite ‘Mexican Star’, which is like a chocolate cosmos in the deepest red, but on steroids. In addition, I have gone for ‘Palmares’, ‘Totally Tangerine’, ‘Mango Madness’, ‘Nicholas’, ‘Bacardi’, ‘Belfloor’, ‘Café au Lait Twist’, ‘Café au Lait’, ‘Labyrinth’, ‘Omega’, ‘Islander’, ‘Sarah Raven’, ‘Linda’s Baby’ and ‘Jowey Winnie’. All of these need to be tied onto thick bamboo canes every couple of weeks with twine, but this year I’ll try out jute netting laid horizontally and wrapped taught around some bamboo canes. DON'T MISSHouseplants to make a home smell ‘spectacular’ that lasts all year [COMMENT]Plant pot tip eliminates common reason 'houseplants are killed' [VIDEO]Plants to create a 'colourful focal point' in your garden [INSIGHT] The dahlias will grow through this, be supported and will soon disappear once the plants are in full bloom.  While I’m making my new beds for the dahlias to go into, I shall also prepare the soil, clearing weeds and stones and raking it with a flat-headed garden rake to a fine tilth. The soil should look like large breadcrumbs once completed. This prepared ground will be ready then for sowing hardy annuals direct outdoors from late March to May, depending on where you are in the UK. As the temperatures are still dipping and frost is still around, you need to start sowing your hardy annuals indoors, either in a greenhouse or on a bright windowsill. Seed trays and coir pellets, that swell up once soaked in water, are ideal, but you can also use old plastic margarine tubs and yoghurt pots. Just ensure you make some drainage holes in the bottom before filling with soil and sowing your seeds. If you have a length of gutter lying around, this too makes a great receptacle for sowing seeds. As I have selected muted tones this year with my dahlias, I am thinking of sowing indoors Calendula officinalis ‘Sunset Buff’ and ‘Sherbet Fizz’ rather than the traditional ‘Indian Prince’. The former two are in shades of apricot with raspberry tints, as opposed to the bright orange of ‘Indian Prince’. To tie in with the deeper shades of Dahlia ‘Mexican Star’ I’ll also sow Scabiosa atropurpurea ‘Black Knight’ and in contrast Scabiosa atropurpurea ‘Fata Morgana’ with creamy-yellow blooms, which will sit beautifully next to Dahlia ‘Café au Lait’ and ‘Mango Madness’, in particular. Both are perfect for beginners. In our old garden in Kent, we had hundreds of martagon lilies growing in the shade of our orchard trees (it sounds posher than it actually was – we only had 10 fruit trees). I intend to continue growing martagon lilies in our new house. I have my eyes on the following: Lilium martagon ‘Orange Marmalade’, ‘Sunny Morning’, ‘Alberta Morning’, ‘Manitoba Morning’, ‘Guinea Gold’ and ‘Pink Morning’ with some accents from ‘Arabian Night’ and ‘Claude Shride’. The yellowy-orange, apricot shades of the majority of these will blend seamlessly with the dahlias, while ‘Arabian Night’ and ‘Claude Shride’ will add some depth to the scheme. I have an area along the side of the house, where I plan to plant a mini orchard, and these lilies will look spectacular here during the height of summer. Colour is so important in the garden and colour choice is definitely personal. Of course, we do get seduced by the stunning photographs in the plant catalogues and are steered in some way by trends set by the growers and sellers, but whatever colour(s) you choose, relish it and search for plants with identical, similar or contrasting colours, as well as texture, shape and form, to give your outdoor space that professional look.