Prince Harry has said he had enough material for two books, but he held back because he does not think his father and brother would "ever forgive" him. The Duke of Sussex has been called out by royal biographer Angela Levin for demanding an apology from the Royal Family to his wife, Meghan Markle. She told Us Weekly: "Harry is laying down the law calling for royals to apologise to Meghan. "You might as well say, who do you think you are now? It depends on King Charles, he's a monarch but he's also a father." The royal expert highlighted that Charles still loves Harry and does not want to lose him as a son. READ MORE: Meghan left 'feeling embarrassed' after more details of Harry's romp  Ms Levin went on to say she does not think the royal should come back to the UK for Charles' coronation. She said: "I did like Harry but I don't want him to come to the coronation. I don't think he deserves it. "I think you can be rude on Oprah and I think he's very much crossed a line and I don't want him to take away the occasion from the King." Harry's controversial memoir became the fastest selling non-fiction book ever when his tell-all tale lambasting the royal family was finally published this week. The headline-grabbing autobiography Spare, which hit the shelves on Tuesday, includes claims that the Prince of Wales physically attacked him, and that the King put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of the Duchess of Sussex and the Princess of Wales. In an interview with Bryony Gordon of The Daily Telegraph, Harry said: "It could have been two books, put it that way." Gordon writes that Harry told her the first draft was 800 pages - double the final manuscript which comes in at just over 400 pages. DON'T MISS William is 'most upset' by Harry's book and 'needs time to calm down' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle should be 'very worried' about half-sister's lawsuit [INSIGHT]Prince William wins over royal fans with 'protective' gesture to Kate [VIDEO] Harry told Gordon that there were things he revealed to ghostwriter JR Moehringer "for context", but there was "absolutely no way" they would be included in the book. The duke said it is impossible to tell his story without referring to family members. He added: "But there are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don't want the world to know. Because I don't think they would ever forgive me. "Now you could argue that some of the stuff I've put in there, well, they will never forgive me anyway. "But the way I see it is, I'm willing to forgive you for everything you've done, and I wish you'd actually sat down with me, properly, and instead of saying I'm delusional and paranoid, actually sit down and have a proper conversation about this, because what I'd really like is some accountability. "And an apology to my wife."