The hit BBC drama concluded after nine years, and leading lady Sarah Lancashire captivated Happy Valley fans right to the very end. Since the explosive final episode, tributes to the actress have continued to pour in. During Tuesday's The One Show, Sarah's Last Tango In Halifax co-star Anne Reid praised her acting, labelling her "the best on the planet". Catherine Cawood's story came to a victorious end with the Happy Valley finale. Before the happy ending though, Catherine endured some final "tussles," as she called it, with evil Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton). With the concluding episode continuing to be the main topic of conversation, The One Show hosts Lauren Laverne and Jermaine Jenas couldn't help but ask Anne her thoughts. "Of course, we've been talking about Last Tango and the fact that Sarah Lancashire - your TV daughter is in the incredible Happy Valley," Lauren remarked. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie The presenter continued: "No spoilers Anne, but did you catch the finale at the weekend?" "Oh yeah," Anne answered, to which Lauren pressed: "Did you text her some words of encouragement?" "I did after the first episode, actually," Anne revealed. "I texted her and said, 'You are possibly, quite literally one of the best actresses on the planet.'" "Wow, beautiful words," Jermaine commented, while Lauren replied: "It's true." "Yeah, yeah - very true," Jermaine agreed. He then pointed out that fans might revisit Last Tango In Halifax, also written by Sally Wainwright, to fill the void. The series stars both Sarah and Anne, and Jermaine prompted Anne's memory by showing a classic scene. "It's genius, I might have to watch the whole thing again," Lauren admitted. "I mean the whole thing, playing opposite Derek Jacobi - what was that like for you playing this later in life?" DON'T MISS... EastEnders bombshell as Lily Slater makes big decision over Ryan [SPOILER]Casualty welcomes former EastEnders favourite as controversial doctor [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge labels task 'not even funny' [VIDEO] "It was wonderful really," Anne explained. "Because I never thought that I would play somebody you know, at that age, falling in love. "And that was really nice - to have a romantic relationship and I think it really resonated with a lot of people. "You know, it's not too late to fall in love, ever. He's adorable Derek, he's adorable." The actress went on: "And Sarah and Nicola [Walker]." After almost a decade on screen, Happy Valley's final series launched earlier this year. Following a seven-year wait, viewers were itching to find out what would become of Catherine and her family. While viewers took to social media in their hundreds to applaud the finale, others thought the last episode felt a bit rushed. However, the main questions of the central plot were all wrapped up, and the show continues to be praised. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.