Tommy Fury’s dad John Fury has admitted that he actually likes Jake Paul despite their many heated back and forths. Fury Sr claims that they are simply playing a ‘game’ and even thinks fierce rivals Paul and Tommy will be friends after their upcoming encounter. Paul and Fury Sr have regularly exchanged verbal jabs in real life and online. Back in November when Tommy fought Rolly Lambert in an exhibition bout on the Floyd Mayweather vs Deji undercard, John ripped off his shirt and attempted to get through the ropes at Paul, who was commentating from ringside. The moment garnered widespread attention and both men haven’t let up on the trash-talk since. But the famous father claims this is all just harmless fun. "When we [the Fury family] see other people like that we turn into fight mode," Fury told the Daily Mirror via freebets.com. "I've been fighting all my life on the streets, out of the streets and when anybody talks loud to me or tries to be clever, I go into fight mode, that's what we do. But afterwards, the best man will win. "I'm one million per cent confident it will be Tommy, but I'm sure they can be friends after. They're just young lads doing their job and Jake Paul is very good at that job! I'm having a game with him like he's having a game with me, always remember that. I'm an old, experienced guy in this field. "I like the kid, I like him and his brother Logan, I like all of them YouTubers, they bring good stuff and at the end of the day I'm excited talking to them. Old people, like me, can get good vibes off young people and I love to see young people doing well in life and that's what the Pauls have done. As well as all the other YouTubers, KSI, Salt Papi, they're all great for the job aren't they? MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury's dad sends sinister warning to Wilder as fourth fight bashed Riakporhe explains what sparked clash with Okolie at Creed premiere Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury details including undercard, live stream, time "I love it, it gives me more of a thrill than conventional boxing, it's different isn't it? People like different and I'm sick of conventional boxing, I love this side of it! "But I'll still have a row at the drop of the hat. You insult me, I'll punch you straight in the mouth - I won't talk to you it's just 'bang'. So if somebody's prepared to insult me make sure they try to hit me first because in a split second 'bang' it's on the chin, as old as I am."