Eamonn Holmes was seen being wheeled into the stadium with the assistance of his son Declan Holmes, as the GB News presenter battles chronic back pain. The former This Morning presenter has been suffering from a dislocated pelvis and a trapped sciatic nerve, among many other health concerns, and has described his struggles as "soul-destroying". The 63-year-old looked to be in good spirits as he went on to support his team Manchester United against Newcastle United in the Carabao Cup final. The GB News presenter sported a casual look and was seen wearing a scarf teamed with comfortable flat shoes. He held onto his puffer jacket while holding a crutch in between his legs as his son Declan pushed him through Wembley stadium He made sure to wave to fans as he headed into the sporting venue and stopped for a chat with a security guard. READ MORE: Cate Blanchett and Jamie Lee Curtis wow in busty gowns at SAG Awards The on-screen star was delighted as Manchester United went on to become Carabao Cup champions after beating Newcastle 2-0. Taking to Instagram, Eamonn shared a photo alongside Declan holding his crutch. He penned: "At Wembley for #carabaocup final with Number 1 Son. "Number 3 Son here too on his 21st birthday. Let's hope he gets the present we all want.#manchesterunited." Ruth Langsford commented: "Come on United!" Isabel Webster remarked: "Happy Birthday Jack." Dawn Neesom wrote: "Hope had a wonderful time. Well deserved win." Lizzie Cundy said: "Looking good guys." His appearance at the football match comes as the TV host was left unable to work and believes the stress of his tax case was a trigger. Eamonn believes a legal battle over an unexpected £250,000 tax demand caused a shingles attack that could have left him blind. The broadcaster said the virus hit him so hard it looked as if “someone had taken a baseball bat to my face”. He has since teamed up with former Strictly Come Dancing star James Jordan who are running a campaign about the illness ahead of Shingles Awareness Week. Both believe their infection with the debilitating disease, which lays dormant in the body of anyone who has had chickenpox, was caused by being rundown. Eamonn was left unable to work and believes the stress of his tax case was a trigger and he received the bill in 2018, shortly before catching shingles. The tax hearing was the most stressful experience outside of losing my father,” the GB News breakfast presenter said. The case is still ongoing, with the presenter now appealing against the ruling.