Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen could face a threat to the F1 crown from three midfield teams, according to Christian Horner. The Red Bull boss suggested that British manufacturers McLaren and Aston Martin could be ready to challenge the frontrunners a year on from the regulation changes. He also noted that Alpine had developed their package and could challenge with a refreshed driver line-up. He said: “You never know, Alpine made progress in the second half of the year. "Aston Martin... we keep hearing big numbers coming out of their expectations, so you just don't know what the running order will be. McLaren might even get it together this year. Inevitably the grid should, with stable regulations, start to close up." Aston Martin and McLaren look the most likely to make the jump after welcoming a series of infrastructure changes which could make a difference. Last year, Aston Martin revealed the team is “on target” to achieve its goal of winning the F1 title by 2025 despite another season lower down the field. READ MORE: Christian Horner feels Toto Wolff's rule change was 'not needed' The team's new £200million factory is expected to be completed this year which team boss Mike Krack feels could be a “game changer”. The project features three main buildings including a state-of-the-art wind tunnel coming on stream in 2024. Technical director Dan Fallows joined the team from Red Bull in a clear sign of the manufacturer's intentions. Krack added: “You have the ability to make everything yourself, but you can also decide to buy or make it, and you can make things faster. "So if you can make them also cheaper, it means you can make more. You can have one or two more upgrades than before due to time and also financial reasons you could not do it. From that point of view, I think it's a good step." DON'T MISSMax Verstappen makes key change for 2023 season as he eyes third title [INSIGHT]Sergio Perez sets Red Bull 2023 goal amid Max Verstappen rivalry  [ANALYSIS]Sergio Perez reacts to Daniel Ricciardo Red Bull rumours [COMMENT] McLaren has also developed a new wind tunnel which team boss Zak Brown feels will play a part as early as next year. He said the new technology will impact the team’s 2024 design but will have more of a say over their 2025 direction. Lando Norris has previously confirmed McLaren are unlikely to be competitive until the new infrastructure is ready. But, he warned the team has “no excuses” to not be back at the front once the tools are in place. He explained: “[2024] will be our first year in which we no longer have any excuses. At the moment, we can still make good excuses. We always look at what we can do better and 2024 will be the first year when we will operate almost at the level of the top teams with our infrastructure. The rest is up to us, the people who work here.”