Halyna Hutchins' family will be suing Alec Baldwin and the Rust movie production company for alleged battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligence, and loss of consortium after the fatal shooting on a US film set. The cinematographer died on the set of Rust in New Mexico after Mr Baldwin allegedly fired a prop gun. Mr Baldwin, 64, was charged with involuntary manslaughter last month. The family has been "devastated by the shocking killing" of Ms Hutchins, their attorney Gloria Allred said. Loss of consortium is a claim which seeks to recover compensation for damage to certain relationships that are mutually dependent. The lawsuit, brought by Ms Hutchins' mother, father and sister, was announced on Thursday at a press conference held by high-profile US lawyer Gloria Allred. READ MORE: Marco Pierre White doesn't visit his son in prison "It's clear to us that the relationships of all of our clients have been damaged, and that they will not be able to enjoy life in the same way as they did when their precious Halyna was alive," Ms Allred said. "Halyna was the light in their lives, of course, and for all of our three clients that tragic loss of their daughter and sister is heartbreaking." Ms Hutchins family is currently residing in Ukraine, near Kyiv, amid the conflict with Russia, but intends to come to the US in the coming months, Ms Allred said. She also claimed that Mr Baldwin never contacted Halyna's parents after her death. Express.co.uk has contacted Alec Baldwin's representatives for comment. The press conference included a short video featuring the pair, with comments from Ms Hutchins' sister. "To lose my sister, at least personally for me, was a horrible experience and it is one of the biggest losses of my life," she said through a translator. "Even more devastating (is) to see the utter suffering of our parents, and how their health has sharply declined. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson seen in public for first time after Meghan apology[LATEST]Lucy Alexander speaks out on Homes Under The Hammer 'return'[EXCLUSIVE]Joan Collins, 89, looks ageless on date night with husband[PICTURES]  "It is for this reason that I would like for somebody to carry that responsibility, and not just someone, but that very someone who is truly responsible for this. "I believe to let this go, and to leave this unpunished, is unallowable." Her mother Olga is working as an emergency operating room nurse in a Ukrainian hospital, tending to those hurt in battle, while her sister Svetlana is caring for her two young children. The new lawsuit filed on Thursday is aimed at providing "accountability and justice" not only for Ms Hutchins' husband and son, but her parents and sister as well, Ms Allred said. Ms Hutchins, who is Ukrainian, died in hospital after she was shot in the chest by a prop gun allegedly fired by Mr Baldwin during a rehearsal at Bonanza Creek Ranch near Santa Fe. The actor is set to appear in US court for the first time on February 24 to face separate criminal charges stemming from the incident. Mr Baldwin has denied responsibility for the shooting and has said he did not pull the trigger on the gun and that it misfired, a claim that was disputed by FBI officials in a report sent to the Santa Fe County Sherriff's Office. If found guilty in a trial, Mr Baldwin and armourer Hannah Ms Gutierrez-Reed could face up to 18 months in prison.