Novak Djokovic has provided an update on both his Indian Wells hopes and his Australian Open injury ahead of his first tournament in a month. The world No 1 is competing in this week’s Dubai ATP 500 after winning a record 10th Aussie Open title while carrying a hamstring injury and opened up on his recovery process as he also revealed that he was still waiting for an answer on playing next month’s Masters 1000s. Djokovic is back in action for the first time since the Australian Open, where he won his 10th title and 22nd overall Grand Slam to draw level with Rafael Nadal’s men’s singles record. The world No 1 has had an eventful few weeks away from the court as he continued to recover from a hamstring injury he suffered with Down Under while also trying to get the green light to play in Indian Wells and Miami. Unvaccinated travellers are still banned from entering America until May 11 and Djokovic’s brother Djordje revealed that the 35-year-old had applied for a “special permit” to enter the country, something Djokovic confirmed in a press conference in Serbia last week. Arriving in Dubai over the weekend, the world No 1 has now confirmed that he is still waiting for a response from the American government with his hopes of playing the first two Masters of the season in limbo. “In terms of the process in America, no, I have not received anything new comparing to what I said to the media in Belgrade some days ago,” Djokovic said in Dubai. “Right now it's the same situation.” While the Serb had no update on his Indian Wells hopes, he opened up on the hamstring injury that left him questioning whether he’d be able to compete this week and admitted that he needed matches. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz makes injury confession after losing Rio Open final    “It was always in the plan to be here and participate in the Dubai Duty Free Championships. After the Australian Open was finished, it was uncertain,” he confessed. “I didn't know whether I was going to be here or not. Probably only five, six days ago we knew that it's going to be possible for me to play as we were testing the leg on the tennis court.” The five-time champion in Dubai also revealed that he went almost three weeks without playing any tennis as he confirmed he was finally pain-free. Djokovic continued: “Yeah, I had enough time in the gym, so to say, fitness-wise, built a good base. Had a couple of weeks of no tennis. Well, almost three weeks. “Last few days it's really getting as much tennis practice points as possible to get myself back in a competitive shape in order to be able to compete in a high level. I haven't felt any pain whatsoever out on the court for a week now. I'm getting closer to the hundred per cent.”  DON'T MISSCameron Norrie wins fifth career title with revenge on Carlos AlcarazAndy Murray pulls out of Dubai Championship in injury concernUkraine star Stakhovsky makes new call for Wimbledon to tackle Russia   But Djokovic still wasn’t feeling his best on the court and thought he needed some more matches under his belt to regain his confidence, adding: “Still not there in terms of the game itself, how I feel on the court. But the important thing is there is no pain. I don't have a hindrance to the way I move on the court. “After every injury, it takes a little bit of time for mechanisms to be balanced, so to say, for adjustments to be done on the court. It takes time for you to find again that groove of moving on the court effortlessly and not thinking about if something's going to happen or not. I don't have those thoughts. I just have to play more. I guess once you start playing matches, you'll see how you feel going hundred per cent.”