With the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's attendance at the King's Coronation still unknown, questions have arisen as to whether, if the couple do attend, we could expect to see the couple's two children. Lilibet Diana, aged 19 months, is very unlikely to make an appearance due to her young age but five reasons appear to suggest that Archie will be no where to be seen either. One reason could be down to the two children's positions in the royal line of succession. Archie and the couple's daughter Lilibet Diana are currently sixth and seventh in the line of succession. They are not expected to become full-time working royals, as their parents stepped back as senior members of the Royal Family in 2020 and now live in the US. Another clue that Archie won't make an appearance at the Coronation is that when parents Meghan and Harry travelled to the UK as a family-of-four for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June 2022, neither of their children made any public appearances. READ MORE: Harry wanted to hold press conference to insist ‘I didn’t cheat’ after ‘accusation stuck’ They are therefore likely to stay behind the scenes if the family travel to the UK for the Coronation. A third reason is that the day of the Coronation is also Archie's fourth birthday. His young age could also explain his absence, as young royals rarely attend such historic occassions. Charles did attend the Coronation of his mother in 1953 when he was four, but this is explained by the fact he was the heir to throne. His younger sister Anne who was aged two at the time did not attend. READ MORE: Prince Harry carried out ‘loyalty tests’ on ‘exhausted’ aides, new book claims The final reason is because parents Harry and Meghan have shrouded their children in secrecy, rarely sharing photographs or updates of the two little ones. They previously remarked that they want them to be brought up as normal children and their lives be kept private. The family-of-four's visit to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last year coincided with Lilibet's first birthday. In their two-part Netflix docu-series, Harry and Meghan, the couple revealed that they celebrated their daughter's milestone birthday in the garden of their UK home, Frogmore Cottage.  Archie and Lilibet are two of the King's five grandchildren. DON'T MISS Being a royal was 'too cr***y' for Harry and Meghan - US journalist [OPINION]Forgotten historic European monarchy and where its members are today [REVEALED]Meghan and Harry 'aren't invited anywhere' [LATEST] Charles also has two grandsons, George and Louis, and one granddaughter, Charlotte, from Prince William and Kate. Archie left the UK in 2020, when he parents stepped down as senior royals, when he was less than a year-old. Harry and Meghan welcomed Archie's little sister in June 2021.