Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania hits cinemas today introducing Marvel fans to Jonathan Majors’ Kang the Conqueror aka Nathaniel Richards. The MCU’s new Thanos-level villain is a multiverse and time travelling despot with multiple variants both good and evil. We met one in Loki season 1 called He Who Remains who established the Time Variance Authority. The latest Marvel movie concludes with two end credits scenes setting up Avengers 5 and the next season of Disney+ show Loki. WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD. The mid-credits scene unveiled the Council of Kangs. In Marvel Comics this is a group of Nathaniel Richards’ variants. The footage opens with three Kangs having a conversation and they are some of the best-known versions. One is Rama-Tut, who went back in time to rule as an Egyptian Pharaoh. He’s the first version of the character to appear in the comics when he clashed with the Fantastic Four. Another appears to be Scarlet Centurion who wears an armour of future technology. And the third looks like Immortus, who is an older Kang variant who has changed his ways and seeks to stop younger evil versions of himself. Of course, in the MCU this is probably more the character of He Who Remains. Whereas this one in this scene may be Prime Kang, the variant who existed before all other Kangs. The trio discuss Kang “the exiled one”, who was the variant in the new movie imprisoned in the Quantum Realm by He Who Remains. It’s also clear that the multiverse branches have been created now that He Who Remains died in Loki season 1’s final episode The Council of Kang are planning their attack across the Multiverse ready to conqueror it for themselves. And considering that Kang statue in the show’s final shot, presumably they’ve already taken over the TVA. The mid-credits scene ends with a shot of an arena of thousands of Kang variants, all played by Majors and depicting just how dangerous a villain he is. After all, even if one is defeated there are many, many more to be stopped. This is clearly setting up 2025’s Avengers: The Kang Dynasty when the Marvel superheroes will go up against the many variants of Kang the Conqueror. READ MORE: Avengers Secret Wars leak – Tobey Maguire Spider-Man return and more As for the post-credits scene, we’re introduced to yet another Kang variant called Victor Timely, who is giving a presentation to an Edwardian audience. Among the crowd are Loki and Mobius. The Asgardian tells the TVA bureaucrat “That’s him!” referring to He Who Remains’ variant. In Marvel Comics, Victor Timely is a Kang variant who set up a town called Timely in 1901 Wisconsin and made himself its mayor. There he began inventing things like robots long before they were made. This scene is clearly setting up Loki season 2 when we will presumably next see variants of Majors’ villain later this year on Disney+. Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania is out now in cinemas.