Meghan and Harry are attempting to "wangle the best of both worlds" pursuing independence and a seat at the royal table, according to one royal commentator. However, their popularity has fallen sharply ahead of the coronation which sources say they will be invited to. Ahead of the coronation, the royal "PR machine" is in full swing, according to commentator Caroline Di Russo, with Meghan and Harry choosing a specific strategy as members of the Firm "jostle for position". "The Sussexes – they’re in the business of big, bold, brash statements aimed at titillating a US audience as they try and wangle the best of both worlds," Ms Di Russo said on Sky News Australia. "A carefree everyday independence, and an active role on the royal scene when it suits them." However opinion polls have shown their popularity tanking both in the UK and in the US following the release of Spare. Ms Di Russo added: "Despite their desperate attempts to be liked, they are the least popular royals, save for Prince Andrew which really says something."  The news comes amid questions over the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's attendance of King Charles III's coronation later this year. The couple will be invited to the event, a Whitehall source previously told Express.co.uk, and planning is being undertaken for the Sussexes' attendance "without any drama". Following the release of Spare, which contained numerous allegations against members of the Royal Family, it was unclear whether the couple would be invited. However, King Charles reportedly felt the their absence would be more of a distraction from the event than their attendance. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'want a capitulation' from Royal Family  For Prince Harry's part, he has maintained that he wishes to reconcile with his father and brother Prince William. However, officials are said to want to keep the brothers separate at the coronation with seating arrangements being drawn up in Westminster Abbey - where the coronation ceremony will take place - to avoid William and Harry being photographed together. The coronation will take place on May 6, 2023 with a guest list around 2,000 strong which includes royals, both foreign and domestic, world leaders and dignitaries. It is understood that officials are looking for an RSVP to the event from the Sussexes by the start of April as invitations are prepared to be sent out later this month. 