The Gold started airing recently on the BBC and has been keeping viewers gripped. The series from writer Neil Forsyth combines fact with fiction in its retelling of the Brink’s-Mat 1983 gold robbery, which was one of the biggest heists in British history. At the heart of the story was criminal Kenneth Noye, who is portrayed by British star Jack Lowden. Jack, 32, is dating fellow actress Saoirse Ronan, who is best for her roles in Hanna, Atonement, Brooklyn and the Lovely Bones. The 28-year-old Irish actress has also appeared in The Grand Budapest Hotel, Little Women, Ammonite and See How They Run with the star winning critical acclaim for her work. The couple are reported to have been together since 2018. Jack and Saoirse worked together in the film Mary Queen of Scots in which they played a married couple with the actor starring as Lord Darnley and the actress in the title role. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson They generally keep their romance under wraps and rarely speak about each other in interviews. However, they have set up the production company Arcade Pictures together and are working as producers on their first film together, an adaptation of Amy Liptrot’s memoir, The Outrun. Reflecting on working with his girlfriend, Jack told Esquire: “We finished shooting in October last year, but it was a great adventure. “Saoirse is first and foremost one of the best actors in the world, so to work with her in that way and help in any way I could was great.” READ MORE: Here's a look at the real-life John Palmer from BBC's The Gold He added about their production company and working with his partner: “It’s hopefully the first of many, it was wonderful.” However, he said the pair were not in a hurry to make their next film as it was a big undertaking. They said they only wanted to work on projects they believed in and a “fascination” with their home countries. He said there were “going to have an eye on Irish and Scottish stuff” because they were both “so obsessed with it”. READ MORE: Detective Brian Boyce caught some of the Brink's-Mat robbers Jack described working with Saoirse as his “best friend” and one of his “favourite actors”. He went on to say: “I get her perspective on things, she’s a brilliant creative mind, we have similar tastes and then different tastes, which is great.” Jack grew up in the Scottish Borders and attended the prestigious The Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, previously known as the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. Some of his early screen roles were in Being Victor, Mrs Biggs, The Tunnel and ’71. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [SPOILERS]Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [VIDEO]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [THEORY] The star went on to have roles in Ghosts, The Passing Bells and Wolf Hall with his turn in the BBC’s steamy adaptation War & Peace proving to be a big breakout for him. Since then, he’s appeared in the likes of The Long Song, Small Axe, Kindred and Apple TV +’s Slow Horses, which is proving popular for the streamer. Speaking about working on BBC series The Gold, Jack said: “For me, what’s most fascinating about this story is the amount of people that are involved in it. It wasn’t one gang, one clever, criminal genius or anything like that. “It’s a huge group of people that probably didn’t even know they were all connected by this huge web of people who all came from very different backgrounds and very different skill sets. You get the sense that if one of them fell, the whole thing would. “But also, just the fact that it happened, and they sort of got away with it, in essence. Most of the gold’s still not been found.” The Gold airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm and is streaming on the BBC iPlayer now