Tommy Fury shot to fame in 2019 as a contestant on the hit reality television show Love Island. During the season he placed as a runner-up with his current partner Molly-Mae Hague and has used his increased fame to elevate his professional boxing career. Currently 8-0 in the paid ranks, Fury squares off against fierce rival Jake Paul next on February 26 in a grudge match that has been two years in the making. Following failed attempts to get the fight over the line in December 2021 and August 2022 all hope looked to be lost. However, both parties continued to negotiate, and look set to go head-to-head at the third of asking in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia. Fury is expected to pocket a reported £2.5million payday for the fight with a further £1.2million in win bonuses providing he gets his hand raised on the night. Regardless of the result, Fury is set to over double his estimated £1million net worth overnight. House Fury and Hague live in a stunning £3.5million mansion in the rolling Cheshire countryside. Their pad boasts 5,000 sq ft of land and a luxurious contemporary design as well as six bedrooms, multiple bathrooms and a huge back garden. Cars Tommy, like his brother Tyson, is a petrolhead and owns multiple cars. His most recent purchase, a Mercedes G-Class, set him back £130,000. Meanwhile, his first car was a BMW I8 worth £120,000 which the Mancunian bought just weeks after passing his test in 2021. Girlfriend During his time in the Love Island villa, Fury met long-time partner Hague. Hague is a social media influencer from Hertfordshire and is the creative director for PrettyLittleThing as well as the owner of multiple fashion brands. The couple has since welcomed their first child into the world; a healthy baby girl named Bambi Fury. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul and Fury shake on money-spinning bet ahead of Saudi grudge match Fury could 'murder' Paul in Saudi showdown as Brit tipped to KO rival Haye 'throuple' may be over after Healy's recent social media activity Famous family members Tommy comes from a famous line of Fury’s and is extremely proud of his pedigree. The most notable member of his family is of course his half-brother Tyson, who is the current lineal heavyweight champion of the world. There is also his father John, who trains Tommy, his cousin Hughie, a former British heavyweight champion and uncle Peter, known as one of the best boxing trainers in the country.