You season four is on Netflix now and it saw the tables turn on Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley). It appeared the hunter had become the hunted as an anonymous stalker was out to frame him. Rhys Montrose star Ed Speleers opened up about being the new season's supervillain. Viewers were introduced to a new killer when Joe found a dead Malcolm (Stephen Hagan) on his dining table. Initially thinking he had killed Malcolm without remembering, Joe quickly disposed of his body. However, it soon became clear someone else had murdered him and was trying to frame Joe. They continued to taunt him through anonymous texts until the final episode of part one revealed the culprit. Rhys Montrose, who was planning to run for Mayor of London, was behind the killings. READ MORE: You season 4 fans 'work out' Eat the Rich killer accomplice identity Joe had been away on a retreat with his new group of 'friends' when some of them started to grow suspicious of him. Roald (Ben Wiggins) in particular was determined to get Joe out of the picture and he attempted to kill him. But before he could do so, Rhys emerged from the woods and knocked the pair out, holding them captive in an underground dungeon. He admitted he had a gripe with the elite which led him on his killing spree, and he asked Joe to murder Roald as his next victim. As Joe set off on his path to redemption, he then made it his mission to take Rhys down.  Actor Ed Speleers said he had always preferred playing the villain over the hero. Speaking to Netflix Tudum he said: "I love the heroes. But I’ve always loved the villain. "It was a great moment for me because everything’s been bubbling under the surface for all these episodes, and then suddenly the shackles come off.” Helping fans understand his deranged character, he explained: "Rhys doesn’t wear every little part of him on his sleeve. DON'T MISS... You season 4 will return for part 2 next month You season 4 part 2 release date announced after murder twist exposed You fans in frenzy as Love Quinn returns in part two "But he has a fierce curiosity of the world. He wants to understand people and humanity. "Rhys [suggests] that everybody has things in their life that they might not be proud of, but they’re all worthy of getting a second chance.” He said Rhys and Joe felt connected as they have both struggled for a true connection with people. “Rhys has as well in a different way. He’s been able to tread the line between many social paths, but he’s probably lacking that true connection," he added.  Viewers have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the 'Eat-the-rich-killer'. @keelesjasmi said: "Watching YOU got me thinking that Rhys is the killer, cause he always keeps Joe under his nose. And yes, I got it right. #YouNetflix #YouSeason4 #IYKYK" @thatandrogirl added: "RHYS!!! Yeah I started feeling like it was him when he didn’t show to the weekend getaway and the messages stopped coming through. #YouNetflix" @83leesy1 went as far as suggesting: "I think Rhys isn't real. I believe Joe created him in his head. He's an alter or something, like two sides of his id. #YouSeason4 #YouNetflix" @VioletCityTah said: "I knew Rhys was the killer because he was the only person Joe liked instantly. Takes one to know one type s***. #YouNetflix"  You season 4 part 1 is on Netflix now, with part 2 airing on March 9.