Shoppers are flocking to buy an 'amazing' skincare bundle containing a 'fantastic' moisturiser that smells 'divine' and 'the best body scrub' and shoppers can bag a £9 saving. Tropic Skincare has released a limited edition 'Power Couple Duo' of two of their best sellers, including the first product they ever had: Body Smooth. Body Smooth is an exfoliating scrub that shoppers insist is the 'best' they've ever tried. Using a blend of golden jojoba, macadamia and rosehip oils the scrub both smells 'wonderful' and leaves skin feeling soft and moisturised after use. Returning customers swear they use it every week and that it has been a 'game changer' for their routines. Body Love is a moisturiser that has loyal shoppers coming back time and time again, insisting that 'a little goes a long way'. Using shea, cupuaçu and cocoa butters, the lotion leaves skin smooth and nourished. Shoppers have returned time and time again to get the popular scrub with it having hundreds of 5-star reviews. One shopper wrote: "This product is my absolute favourite. I have recommended this to everyone. Leaves your skin super silky. Exfoliating my legs, elbows around ankles fantastic. And using the whipped moisture afterwards, game changer, skin is left smelling beautiful and hydrated all day." A second penned: "This is the best body scrub I have ever used! It’s so soft and smoothing, skin feels wonderful after using it and the little spoon is the perfect amount!" A third added: "This smells heavenly. It is an amazing body scrub, it is gentle on the skin but is effective too, leaves my skin soft for days. I use it once a week and it helps me get a closer shave when I shave my legs and since using it I don't get shaving bumps. Highly recommend." Body Love is equally popular with it bringing in hundreds of five-star reviews from shoppers obsessed with the sweet scent and the nourished feeling their skin has after using it. One shopper wrote: "This product is fantastic, it smells AMAZING and conditions your skin so deeply. A little goes a long way so it lasts a really decent amount of time. I'm not sure how something this natural can smell so good and work so well but it certainly does! Would highly recommend." A second said: "I had my baby daughter 9 months ago and I started using this cream on my problem areas and within 2 weeks I see a massive difference. Also a big bonus, IT SMELLS INSANE!!! I look forward to putting it in because of the scent. This is now in my daily routine and don't see that stopping any time soon." A third added: "I’m in love with this buttercream. Only need a small amount as it goes a long way. Great after a bath in the evening & your skin feels so soft in the morning, plus it also smells divine." Body Smooth normally retails at £24 and Body Love at £20, but when bought together in the Power Couple Duo shoppers can save £9. You can buy the set here for £35.