Hardline Joe Biden has slammed Vladimir Putin's “craven lust for land and power” in a historic speech in Poland. The US President has vowed fresh sanctions against Russia as he hit out at "autocrats in the world" who have "gotten weaker, not stronger". The speech outside Poland’s Presidential Palace comes one day after the 80-year-old secretly entered Ukraine via train to meet Volodymyr Zelensky.  "President Putin's craven lust for land and power will fail and the Ukrainian people's love for their country will prevail,” Biden told an audience of hundreds waving Polish, Ukrainian and American flags. “Democracies of the world will stand guard over freedom today, tomorrow and forever … That's what's at stake here: freedom." In another attack on Putin, Biden said the Russian leader "thought autocrats like himself were tough and leaders of democracy were soft", adding that nations around the globe will not "accept the world governed by fear and force”. He added: "The democracies of the world have grown stronger, not weaker, but the autocrats in the world have gotten weaker, not stronger." Biden also condemned the "extraordinary brutality of Russian forces and mercenaries," who have committed "crimes against humanity without shame or compunction". "They’ve targeted civilians with death and destruction, used rape as a weapon of war, stolen Ukrainian children in an attempt to steal Ukraine’s future,” Biden said. “Bombed train stations, maternity hospitals, schools and orphanages. No one could turn away their eyes from the atrocities Russia is committing against the Ukrainian people. It’s abhorrent." However, he said Ukraine's response has been extraordinary: "one year after the bombs began to fall, Russian tanks rolled into Ukraine - Ukraine is still independent and free." Ahead of his speech, the President met with Duda to discuss NATO's response to the ongoing war in Ukraine, hailing the military alliance. “The United States needs Poland and NATO as much as NATO needs the United States,” Biden said in remarks made ahead of his speech outside the Palace, after an expanded bilateral meeting with Duda. “Because there is no way in which - for our ability to operate anywhere else in the world, and our responsibilities extend beyond Europe - we have to have security in Europe. “It's that basic, that simple, that consequential. And so, it's the single-most consequential alliance, and I would argue maybe the most consequential alliance in history, that - not just modern history, but in history. “And so, I made it clear that the comments of the United States and our Allies as partner - the commitment is real and that, a year later, I would argue NATO is stronger than it's ever been.” On Tuesday, Putin announced Russia would suspend its participation in the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, the last nuclear nonproliferation accord it has with the US. "I would like to repeat, they started the war and we used force in order to stop it," Putin said in his state of the nation address. The Russian leader said Kyiv held talks with the West about weapon supplies before the "special military operation" began.  FOLLOW FOR LIVE UPDATES "I would like to emphasise when Russia tried to find a peaceful solution they were playing with the lives of people and they were playing a dirty game," he said. Putin then added Russia decided to "protect its people and history" by conducting a "special military operation step-by-step" - as he warned Moscow will "continue to resolve the objectives that are before us". US Secretary of State Antony Blinken called Putin’s decision to end New START “deeply unfortunate and irresponsible.” Blinken said Biden’s administration remains ready to talk about the nuclear arms treaty “at any time with Russia, irrespective of anything else going on in the world.” “We’ll be watching carefully to see what Russia actually does, we’ll of course make sure that in any event that we are posturing appropriately for the security of our own country and that of our allies,” he added. “I think it matters that we continue to act responsibly in this area … it’s also something the rest of the world expect of us.” We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news/us Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews