There was a time when most mobile phones had a battery that could easily be replaced by simply popping off the rear case. However, in recent years that's all changed with devices now featuring sealed designs that make it almost impossible to repair things on the kitchen table. If something goes wrong, many phone owners are now forced to take their devices to specialist stores to have the power pack or smashed screen replaced. Nokia, which is now owned by HMD Global, is clearly aware that expensive repairs are frustrating owners with the famous Finnish phone firm unveiling a new device that can be fully fixed at home. The latest Nokia G22 is the first device that's been purposefully designed with repairability at its core. In fact, during an exclusive preview of this smartphone, Express.co.uk saw just how easy things are to mend with a Nokia user changing the battery in under 5 minutes without needing an expensive tool kit. Nokia hopes that the introduction of self-repairs will help users keep their phones for longer which not only makes things much better value but also cuts down on electronic waste. Along with the battery being fully replaceable, Nokia is confident that users should also be able to fix other issues such as a damaged display or bent charging port. To make this all possible it has joined forces with iFixit with owners able to access repair kits and instructions for just £5. A new battery is £22.99, a display £44.99 and charging port £18.99. If you compare that to over £100 for changing the battery on a Galaxy S22 it's very good value from Nokia. Along with that easy way to fix it, the G22 also gets a 6.5-inch display, triple-lens camera and support for fast charging. It comes in Meteor Grey and Lagoon Bluem with prices starting from £149.99. If that's a bit pricey then don't panic as two other devices are coming soon that are a little cheaper. There's the new C32 which packs an impressive 50-megapixel rear camera and a premium-looking glass design. The C32 starts from £129.99. Finally, for those on an even tighter budget, there's the C22 which starts from just £109.99. This call maker includes a 6.5-inch HD screen, dual-lens camera and an Octa-core processor. It's worth noting that both the C22 nor the C32 have the home fixing solution so you'll need to buy the G22 if repairability is top of your wishlist. Speaking about the launch, Adam Ferguson, Head of Product Marketing, HMD Global: “People value long lasting, quality devices and they shouldn’t have to compromise on price to get it. The new Nokia G22 is purposefully built with a repairable design so you can keep it even longer, and with advanced imaging on Nokia C32 and improved durability on Nokia C22, we are bringing even more value to the C-series.”