Neil Warnock may be risking the wrath of his wife Sharon after going back on his decision to retire from management to take over at Huddersfield Town. The veteran boss previously opted to call it a day after leaving Middlesbrough in 2021 but has since been tempted to return to the Terriers on a short-term contract until the end of the season. Warnock managed Huddersfield to promotion from the third tier back in 1995 and will begin his second spell at the club on Thursday when he oversees training for the first time ahead of this weekend's match against Birmingham City. He will be joined at the John Smith's Stadium by fellow club legend Ronnie Jepson, who will become their new assistant manager after previously working under Warnock in a coaching capacity.It seems as though Warnock may have risked angering his wife Sharon by returning to management, though, after insisting last year that he would never get back into football in order to spend more time with her and the rest of his family in his retirement."I just thought it was the right time, really, coming towards the end of the season, there's not really a job you're going to get before then," Warnock told Sky Sports when quizzed on his decision to call it quits. JUST IN: VAR chief axed for Liverpool and Arsenal games ahead of meeting "'I've had a good run really. I'm enjoying things I've not done for years, I'm having a lot of time with the family, my dogs and I've taken up cycling too. I'm not saying the enthusiasm's gone, I've not lost that, but when I see some of my friends who are struggling health wise, there comes a time where you have to let your family enjoy a little bit more of your time, in particular my wife Sharon."Warnock will be tasked with keeping Huddersfield in the Championship between now and the end of the campaign after a turbulent season to date for the Terriers. They currently sit 23rd in the table but are only a point from safety and will be looking to claw themselves away from danger by returning to winning ways, starting with Warnock's first game at the helm against Birmingham on Saturday. "I’m really excited about this challenge," Warnock told Huddersfield's official website after his appointment was confirmed."My first spell at Huddersfield Town had everything; we went to Wembley twice, moved into the new stadium, and really built the club from nothing. It was a special time. I’m coming back to help the club, but also Dean Hoyle. I know what he has done behind the scenes and I’ve always had a lot of time for him."I’ve looked at the fixtures and we’ve got some fantastic games to come. I want to come back and put smiles on faces!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.