A man has been arrested in connection with threats to kill Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner. Officers from Greater Manchester Police and Cleveland Police arrested a 34-year-old man in the early hours of yesterday morning in the Hemlington area of Middlesbrough on suspicion of making threats to kill. A Greater Manchester Police statement said: "He was taken into custody for questioning and has been released on conditional bail pending further enquiries. "The arrest was carried out by officers from Greater Manchester Police Tameside Division alongside officers from Cleveland Police. "It forms part of the ongoing investigation into threats and communications sent to Angela Rayner, Labour MP for Ashton-under-Lyne." This latest arrest relates to a phone call made to the victim on January 30, 2023, with a total of seven arrests made so far. The investigation has so far secured to three convictions. Detective Inspector Christopher Dean, of Tameside District CID, added: “GMP will not tolerate any form of abuse including in its online forms – such as calls, texts, emails or via social media – and we will always investigate thoroughly to bring perpetrators to justice. "If you have been a victim of abuse - whether physical or online – please report it to GMP so we can deal with the matter appropriately. We take reports of this nature very seriously and one of our specially trained officers will be on hand to help." Victims can make a report by calling 0161 856 9262 or 101 or use GMP's LiveChat function via the website: www.gmp.police.uk. Alternatively, details can be passed via the anonymous charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Ms Rayner, 42, was elected as an MP in 2015 and was appointed Shadow Secretary for Education a year later by then-leader Jeremy Corbyn. She was elected Labour's deputy leader in 2020. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express