Patrick Mahomes will look to break a 24-year standing NFL curse at Super Bowl LVII when he takes his team to Arizona to face the Philadelphia Eagles. Mahomes has had an incredible season with the Kansas City Chiefs, and looks destined to win his second MVP after being named the All-Pro first-team quarterback by 49 of the 50 voters, who also have a say in the awards. Mahomes' incredible season comes somewhat as a comeback, after his most difficult year of his career in 2021 when he made a number of mistakes and threw more interceptions than he ever has. But it's not only questionable play that some people had pointed to start questioning whether he could continue being the best in the league, but the loss of superstar wide receiver Tyreek Hill. The Chiefs traded away Hill, with the Dolphins offering much more than they could, with the team using the assets received to bolster their defence - strengthening their overall roster but weakening Mahomes' situation. But that mattered little to the 27-year-old, who continued to perform at an elite level. During the win over the Cincinnati Bengals last weekend, Mahomes played through a high ankle sprain, an injury which keeps many NFL athletes out for over a month, but the Kansas City Chiefs quarterback threw for 326 yards, two touchdowns and no interceptions to lead his team to the win - which will be Mahomes' third Super Bowl appearance.   And as he hopes to win his second championship, he will have to overcome a curse which has not been broken since 1999. That is that no quarterback has won both the MVP and Super Bowl in the same season, since Kurt Warner achieved it with the St Louis Rams - in the famous, high-flying offense known as 'The Greatest Show on Turf'. Mahomes did win the MVP in 2018, but was defeated in the championship game to the New England Patriots. The previous season, Tom Brady won the MVP, but was defeated in the Super Bowl by the Philadelphia Eagles.  The Chiefs come into the game against the Eagles as slight underdogs, after Philadelphia's surprisingly strong season, dominating the NFC with a 14-3 record. Both quarterback Jalen Hurts and head coach Nick Siranni were both in question on whether they'd be the right men to lead the franchise at the beginning of the season, but have been terrific in their roles as the franchise looks for its second Super Bowl in five years.