An abused mother who died by suicide was failed by the same police force responsible for the Nicola Bulley search, her family has claimed. Kiena Dawes, 23, was deemed "high risk" when she went missing in the summer of 2022, but Lancashire Police failed to locate the mum-of-one following a search in her hometown of Fleetwood before she ended her life. She left a devastating suicide note stating she felt abandoned by the force and that she hoped her life could "save another", with her family now convinced she was "let down". Speaking to The Sun, Ms Dawes' brother Kynan, 30, said his sister was "failed her in her last moments", with reports of domestic violence left unanswered. He said she felt police "weren’t doing anything to help her", with her alleged attacker "constantly bailed". Her heartbroken family claimed Kiena was living in fear and had repeatedly sought help from police in the weeks before her death. Shocking photos showed her looking bloodied and bruised following one alleged assault that occurred after officers outfitted her homes with panic alarms. One picture shows a trail of blood leading through the home, with another showing Ms Dawes's bandaged and bleeding face. When she went missing on July 22, 2022, the builder found a note his sister had left on her phone at a friend's house. He added that his family had provided her car make, model and registration plate and informed officers "where the car had gone from". But despite classing her as a "high risk" missing person like Nicola Bulley, Mr Dawes claimed police “didn’t prioritise her case". He said officials informed him "they were looking for her", but she was hit and killed by a train before they could find her. He added: “They don’t act quick enough. They never do. They weren’t interested." Ms Dawes' note suggested she also felt she was failed by the police. The note read: “I hope my life saves another by police services acting faster.” Lancashire Police have since admitted failings in Ms Dawes' case, with an officer facing misconduct hearings. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) watchdog said an officer from the force faces investigation because a man arrested on suspicion of assaulting Kiena 11 days before she died was released on bail. A spokesman for the IOPC said investigators are looking into the "police response when Miss Dawes was reported missing, as well as reports that she had been the victim of assaults". They added: “Having obtained and reviewed a number of statements from witnesses, to understand the nature of the contact between officers and Miss Dawes, an officer has been served notice for gross misconduct in relation to their actions leading up to a man being released on bail earlier in July last year." “This does not necessarily mean that misconduct proceedings will follow. “Our thoughts remain with Miss Dawes’ loved ones and all those affected by her death.” Lancashire Police confirmed that a 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assaulting the late mother on July 11, but added he was released on bail pending further inquiries, with no charges brought against him. He remains on bail. The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it's best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org.uk or by visiting www.samaritans.org