Patrick Vieira is convinced Albert Sambi Lokonga can be his new Conor Gallagher after an exciting phone call with former Arsenal team-mate Edu convinced the Eagles boss to strike a last-gasp deadline day loan deal. The 23-year-old Belgian international was one of two late January arrivals at Selhurst Park alongside Stuttgart starlet Naouirou Ahamada and Vieira has already confirmed both new boys will be involved at Manchester United this weekend. Steve Parish and Vieira have been tracking Lokonga's development since his Anderlecht days but it was a telephone conversation with Arsenal's sporting director Edu that enticed Palace into a deal. Vieira, who also praised Lokonga's hunger to succeed after turning his back on Arsenal's Premier League title challenge, revealed: "I spoke with Edu and he really gave me the full picture of the player in terms of his character both on and off the field. "We always want to know what kind of players we are signing and now we also know what side of the game he needs to improve. "We're talking about experience with Sambi in the sense that he knows the Premier League. "He's got tactical and technical ability to improve our playing and I still believe there is more to come from him. He's capable of running in behind and getting in the box - his mobility and strength will help us." He later added: "What's important for him is to play more games. We will give him that opportunity and of course he will have to work hard to get that space. "But he believes it was the right decision for the next step of his career and we will try and work closely with him to improve him like we did with other players we had on loan." Palace tactician Vieira is also ready to throw 20-year-old £9.7million signing Ahamada in at the deep end at Old Trafford if required - due to his experience playing in two foreign countries. Ahamada learned his trade as part of Juventus' academy before moving to Germany with Stuttgart, where he played in front of 50,000 supporters on a weekly basis. For that reason, Vieira does not expect his new acquisition to be phased by the prospect of locking horns with Casemiro and Bruno Fernandes in the middle of the park. "He's been used to challenges and travelling around from a young age so the adaptation will be quick for him," Vieira added. "I'm not worried about him at all, he knows the character and personality that's required to succeed. "We have extra support in place at the football club to ensure our new players settle really quickly." When quizzed on whether there was an opportunity to bring former fan-favourite Gallagher back to the club, Vieira was keen to set the record straight that both the player and Palace have moved on. "He wasn't available so it didn't cross our mind. Conor was a player that did really well for us so we enjoyed having him in our football club," Vieira explained. "But there wasn't any kind of chance for us to take him so the door was closed." If Palace are to replicate or better their result from two-and-a-half weeks ago when they held United to a 1-1 draw at Selhurst Park - they will have to do it without the injured Wilfried Zaha. The Ivorian is still nursing a hamstring problem while the clash also comes too soon for defender Joachim Andersen.