Accused murder suspect Bryan Kohberger reportedly had multiple pictures of one of the four students he is accused of killing on his phone over a month before he is alleged to have carried out the quadruple murder that rocked America. Bryan Kohberger, a criminology graduate and PhD student from Washington State University, is accused of stabbing Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and her boyfriend Ethan Chapin, 20, on November 13 in their off-campus home. It has now been reported that Kohberger had pictures on his phone of one of the students he is accused of killing, more than a month and a half before the grisly night. The pictures suggest that the Pennsylvania man had been "paying attention" to one of the young women, a source connected to the case said, though the identity of the female student hasn't been revealed. “It was clear that he was paying attention to her,” the source told People. Following Kohberger's arrest on December 30, 2022 - almost seven weeks after the murders took place on November 13 - a source claimed he had tried to reach out to one of the female victims on social media. The source told People: "He slid into one of the girls' DMs several times, but she didn't respond. "Basically, it was just him saying, 'Hey, how are you?' But he did it again and again." It has not been revealed whether the photos found on his phone were taken by him or were downloaded from the victim's social media account. READ MORE: Sadistic killer, 40, microwaved and devoured victim's flesh The revelation of the alleged photos on his phone comes after recent evidence, reported by the New York Times, revealed that Kohberger was fired from his teaching assistant position amid allegations that he behaved inappropriately towards female students. After his arrest, some of his former school classmates came out and spoke about their experience with Kohberger, describing him as a "creepy" loner who popular students bullied. A separate accusation, from Jordan Serulneck, the owner of Seven Sirens Brewing Company in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, claimed Kohberger had a history of harassing women at his bar. Kohberger is expected to stand trial in June.  Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews