With over 50,000 infestations of harmful plants including Japanese knotweed spreading fast across the UK, gardening experts are warning homeowners to keep a lookout for unwanted plants in their gardens this spring. Power Sheds has shared the nine “illegal plants” to watch out for and how Britons can protect their property to avoid a “hefty fine of up to £34,000.” The experts said: “Japanese knotweed is one of the most invasive plants. It has bamboo-like stems and clusters of small white flowers which can cause significant damage to your property and infrastructure. “It is difficult to eradicate once established, making it even more important to avoid in your garden. If you’ve spotted Japanese knotweed growing in your garden, it’s important to get professionals' help to remove it, as even the smallest piece of stem left in the ground can regrow. “If you’re selling a property, make sure to get a professional survey done by an RICS surveyor. This will help protect you from any legal action from buyers if knotweed is later discovered on the property.” The gardening experts said the fine for the weed can go up to £34,000, but a recent case against a seller whose property had knotweed came to £200,000. They added: “It’s essential to be cautious when it comes to this criminal plant.” READ MORE: Four steps to give your a home a ‘facelift’ costing under £10 The spear thistle is a “noxious” weed in the UK and it is currently “illegal” to allow it to grow in your garden. Recognised by its spiky leaves and purple flowers, this weed can spread extremely quickly, causing harm to crops and other vegetation in the garden. If discovered, the experts said fines can cost up to £2,500. The pros said: “The common ragwort is easily recognisable with its bright yellow flowers and feathery leaves. Although it is one of the most common weeds, this toxic plant is harmful to livestock.” The fine for growing this illegal plant could be up to £5,000 so it’s important to get rid of it if you notice it and stay away from growing it. DON'T MISS:Four houseplants that remove dust from any room in the home [EXPERT]Five common mistakes to avoid when washing towels [COMMENT]Steps to sow tomato seeds successfully - key temperature [EXPLAINER] Similar to the spear thistle, the broad-leaved dock can also harm crops and other vegetation in the garden, spreading across the UK as it isn’t sensitive to any weather conditions. The experts said gardeners can recognise this plant by its broad leaves with spikes of small yellow flowers. However, the fine for this plant if it is ground in your garden could be up to £2,500. This noxious weed has distinctive curly leaves and spikes of small yellow flowers, spreading quickly due to its flexibility. The gardening pros said if you allow it to grow on your property, you could be fined up to £2,500. The experts continued: “Growing to considerable heights, the rhododendron ponticum is another invasive plant on the list, it will even compete with other plants for a little bit of sunlight. READ MORE: Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ “The plant has evergreen leaves and large clusters of pink or purple flowers, and is poisonous to vegetation and wildlife. “It is difficult to eradicate once established, making it even more important to avoid growing it, otherwise you could face a fine of £5,000.” While this plant can look pretty, Britons shouldn’t be “fooled” by this plant. According to the pros, it’s one of the quickest to spread, with each plant containing around 800 seeds. These seeds are easily transported by wind, animals and water which can grow again wherever they land. The plant can be recognised by its pink and purple flowers, and fines can go up to £2,500. This white flowered plant is extremely “toxic” to humans and its chemicals can cause significant wounds to the skin if Britons were to come into contact with it. The gardening pros noted: “While for some it is just a burning sensation, for others, it can cause permanent scars. This is why giant hogweed is considered illegal and the fines can go up to £5,000.” This plant is known for killing other plants you might be trying to grow in the garden and it poses a threat to everything around it. The experts continued: “It’s an invasive plant and the sales of this seed have been banned since 2014. The plant has small green leaves and clusters of tiny white flowers.” It can even harm aquatic environments and if found guilty, a fine of up to £2,500 might be on the cards. Jack Sutcliffe, co-founder of Power Sheds, added: “Once you can identify the most common criminal plants, it’s important to prevent them from spreading as soon as possible. The easiest way to do this is by spraying them with chemicals, digging them out or burning them.”