Stacey Solomon, 33, gushed over “still having our bump” as she cuddled with her and husband Joe Swash’s newborn daughter, Belle. The Loose Women panellist was promptly applauded by fans for not being afraid to show postpartum realities. The mum-of-five candidly admitted “I’m as tired as I look,” while smiling in a mirror selfie with her youngest child. Sharing a series of snaps with Belle in view of her 5.5 million Instagram followers, Stacey could be seen in her pyjamas as she reflected on the last photo she had taken for social media before giving birth last week. Stacey captioned the sweet post: “Snuggle Saturdays with Belle. “The last time I stood here and took a picture you were inside my tummy ready to come out… READ MORE... Penny Lancaster wows on her and Rod Stewart's lookalike son's birthday “The pjs have been washed but I can’t say the same about my hair.  “I love that I still have our bump too. The best memory of growing you and the perfect little ledge to sleep you on.  “Happy Saturday everyone Lots of love from us P.S I’m as tired as I look,” the presenter concluded, alongside a laughing face emoji.  It wasn’t long before fans rushed to praise Stacey on her candid new mum update. One Instagram user praised: “Beautiful. Love that you not afraid to show mums have a bump after birth too.” Another agreed: “How cute love that you are proud of your body! It is incredible what our body can do.” A third fan commented: “Oh bless you. Nothing like having a new baby tired, but you still look beautiful. Xx.” “Keeping it real as always xx,” a fourth person replied. DON'T MISS:Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than everGogglebox’s Scarlett Moffatt announces she's pregnant in sweet postLiz Hurley flaunts figure as she spills out of tiny bikini   “Keeping it real and natural. Lovely lady xx,” a fifth echoed.  Stacey shares Belle, Rose, and son Rex, three, with Joe.  She is also mum to sons Zachary, 14, and Leighton, 10, from previous relationships. The Sort Your Life Out star wore her hair scraped back from her face and went makeup free for the adorable selfies.  Belle was happily snoozing on Stacey’s chest as she took the precious photos with her phone.  Stacey and Joe welcomed Belle into their blended family earlier this month.  Explaining the couple’s choice of name for their daughter, Stacey wrote on Instagram that the monicker would "forever remind us of the bluebells that are about to bloom as you bring the spring with you into the world."