Just under 18 months ago, a pilot known as Hux was manning an F-35 British fighter jet before he was forced to eject from the HMS Queen Elizabeth carrier during a routine operation. The event forced the Ministry of Defence (MoD)'s Secretary, Ben Wallace, to issue a statement confirming that F-35 flights would continue despite the terror of what happened on that morning exercise across the Mediterranean. Now, in a new BBC documentary, Hux has spoken out about what exactly happened during those deadly moments between him realising the plane was failing, and he had to remove himself from the machine. On November 17, 2021, all was well in the sky. Operations were continuing as normal and Hux set off on another standard manoeuvre. But within seconds this ordinary Wednesday morning turned into a nightmare. During his flight Hux only had seconds to decide what his next actions would be as his plane endured a sudden loss of power, meaning the vehicle and its only passenger were heading only one way - down. An investigation into the circumstances surrounding the plane's failure noted that it was likely caused as a result of a cover being left on one of the aircraft's jet intakes, the BBC series The Warship: Tour of Duty noted. In the new documentary, it is also unearthed how the Royal Navy's HMS Queen Elizabeth ship was targeted by Russia and its aircraft, as well as how it became embroiled in a cat-and-mouse game with China's Navy. And Hux's plight is described in intimate detail and came just after he was rescued by the Royal Navy, suffering cuts and bruises which came after his flight ejection. In one moment, Hux noted how he "tried for the emergency power" after the F-35 lost acceleration unexpectedly but "that didn't work". He then "tried to slap on the brakes" which again failed him. "So I kind of knew it was going to roll off the ship", he continued. And then he released himself from the ship via an ejector seat, technology he claimed was "the most advanced in the world", BBC News noted. JUST IN: Princess Anne wows in yellow for Remembrance Service in New Zealand Once removed from the jet, Hux's parachute then activated and below him was the chilling Mediterranean. "A second later I could see the flight deck of the ship starting to appear beneath me", he said. Incredibly, the pilot secured his landing on the deck by barely a few feet, leading his crew mates to pull him to safety. Were he unable to land, Hux could have been dragged under the warship, which weighs around 65,000 tonnes. In the aftermath of the near-miss, officials said the sudden loss of power most likely occurred due to a blockage, where a cover was left on a jet intake. The F-35, often described as the best stealth fighter in the world and operated by the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force (RAF), was later found by investigators amid concerns rivals could attempt to locate it. DON'T MISS:Royal Navy sailors hospitalised after drinking water contaminated [INSIGHT]Royal Navy frigate sailors fall ill due to contaminated water [ANALYSIS]Flagship £3bn HMS Prince of Wales aircraft carrier needs more repairs [LATEST]  Documentary filmmaker Chris Terrill said the crash was "a shock to everyone". However the quick handling of the situation was "as immediate as it was extraordinary". He added: "An aircraft might have been lost but there was a pilot, a shipmate, who had to be saved. "Training kicked in but there was an extra energy and urgency to the sailors' execution of their emergency procedures. It was terrifying but inspiring to see." When it first emerged that the fighter had crashed, the MoD issued a statement noting how a pilot from "HMS Queen Elizabeth ejected during routine flying operations in the Mediterranean this morning".     A spokesperson concluded: "The pilot has been safely returned to the ship and an investigation has begun, so it would be inappropriate to comment further at this time." It was the first accident to involve an RAF F-35B ever. Similar incidents have taken place on previous occasions in the past three years but never with the F-35, the Guardian reported at the time. The closest crash to happen was in September 2018, when a US Marine piloting an F-35B had to eject in South Carolina, where faulty tubes were blamed for the episode. HMS Queen Elizabeth jets have participated in various strikes during their time as part of the Navy and RAF, including against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. Also in the new series is the heartstopping standoff between Britain and its rivals, such as Russia. It noted how missile-armed aircraft from Moscow faced off against one another in the eastern Mediterranean, with F-35s intercepting to stop them from getting too close. The Warship: Tour of Duty is available to stream on BBC iPlayer here.