The San Francisco 49ers have confirmed that they will not be re-signing long-term starting quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo who is now set to become a free agent after spending six years with the team. Garoppolo has had much success in his career, winning two Super Bowls as Tom Brady's back-up in New England as well as being a part of two Niners teams to go to the NFC Championship game and playing in a Super Bowl himself (losing to Patrick Mahomes and the Kansas City Chiefs). But now he faces an uncertain future as he will be playing his football elsewhere.  Speaking publicly to the media on Wednesday, Niners head coach Kyle Shanahan, sat alongside decision-maker in general manager John Lynch, confirmed that they have no plans to re-sign 'Jimmy G'. While money will be the obvious factor in this decision, with the Niners having little cap space going into the 2023 season and having a number of key free agents to pay - the team are also in need of extending star pass-rusher Nick Bosa, who is likely to win defensive player of the year and command a huge salary. But elsewhere, the Niners have two other young quarterbacks on their roster and they will need to decide who they see as their long-term starter moving forward - and who they will build their team around.  The front office spent a huge amount of capital on Trey Lance in the 2021 draft, trading three-first round picks to select him third overall. So far, that move has not gone well, with Lance only making two starts in two full seasons, and largely struggling. Purdy, meanwhile, performed as well as any quarterback in the league throughout the last two months of the season, winning the last six games of the regular season games before defeating the Seattle Seahawks and Dallas Cowboys in the playoffs. But now, he faces a lengthy spell on the sideline and could miss parts, or even the entire, 2023 season in need of Tommy John surgery to repair his elbow.  Once he returns though, fans will be clambering to see the young star should Lance be struggling, as he has in his two first seasons. Legendary NFL coach John Madden once famously said "If you have two quarterbacks, then you have none" referencing how a team needs to know who their starter is, in order to build an offense around their requisite and unique skillsets. When Purdy returns, he will not need to worry about beating out Garoppolo, but only the unproven Lance. 