A powerful winter storm lashing California threatened floods, blizzards and avalanches Saturday while adding frigid temperatures to the misery mix. As overnight lows could drop below freezing in some areas, incredible pictures have captured the city blanketed in snow. Meanwhile, downtown San Francisco could see record-breaking cold temperatures Saturday morning, according to the National Weather Service. Projected temperatures of 38 degrees Fahrenheit (3C) would see the city at its coldest since 2009, the weather service said. Flash flood warnings were issued from Friday through 1am or 2am Saturday in Los Angeles and Ventura counties, a region with some 6 million people. The weather service said flash flooding was occurring late Friday in Ventura County, where up to 7 inches (18cm) inches of rain had fallen and up to 10 inches (25.4cm) were possible before the storm turned showery on Saturday afternoon. In Los Angeles County, forecasters said life-threatening flash flooding was possible near creeks, streams, urban areas, highways and areas that were burned by wildfires. The threat zone included downtown LA, Hollywood, Beverly Hills and many suburbs. “Shallow landslides and mudslides are expected,” the weather service said. Despite the heavy downpour, no serious problems were immediately reported. READ MORE: Remnants believed to be 200-year-old shipwreck wash up after storms Rain falling at up to an inch an hour raised the fear of flooding or mudslides. Evacuation warnings were issued in some burn-scarred areas and for a mile-long stretch of Oceano, which lies on the central coast near a levee that overflowed during storms last month. Residents were urged to be ready to flee at short notice. Meanwhile, people farther east were struggling to deal with the fallout from storms earlier this week. More than a half-million people in Michigan were still without power late Friday night, days after one of the worst ice storms in decades caused widespread power outages by knocking down some 3,000 ice-coated power lines. Promises of power restoration by Sunday, when low temperatures were expected to climb back above zero (-18C), were of little consolation. “That’s four days without power in such weather,” said Apurva Gokhale, of Walled Lake, Michigan. “It’s unthinkable.” Back in California, the Weather Prediction Center of the National Weather Service predicted heavy snow over the Cascade Mountains and the Sierra Nevada into the weekend. California’s wine country wasn’t spared from the rare brew of wind and snow. Mark Neal told KPIX-TV that he woke up Friday morning to see a foot (30.4cm) of snow — more than he’d seen in more than 40 years — and dozens of his oak trees snapped in half. “It’s pretty much a battleground if you look at it. Some of them are over 200 years old,” he said. Luckily, the vines were safely dormant. DON'T MISS Five dead in air ambulance crash after flight vanished from radar [INSIGHT]Pensioner, 80, mauled to death as police use axe to control dogs [VIDEO]Ex-Obama aide blasts POTUS as 'little progress' made fixing economy [ANALYSIS] The low-pressure system pushing the atmospheric river off the Pacific Ocean into central and Southern California on Friday was driving inland and is expected to bring widespread rain and snow into southern Nevada by Saturday afternoon and then across northwest Arizona Saturday night and Sunday morning, the National Weather Service office in Las Vegas said. An avalanche warning was issued for the Sierra Nevada backcountry around Lake Tahoe, which straddles the California-Nevada border. Nearly 2 feet (61cm) of new snow had fallen by Friday and up to another 5 feet (1.5m) was expected when another storm moves in with the potential for gale-force winds and high-intensity flurries Sunday, the weather service said. In Arizona, the heaviest snow was expected late Saturday through midday Sunday, with up to a foot of new snow possible in Flagstaff, forecasters said. Weekend snow also was forecast for parts of the upper Midwest to the Northeast, with pockets of freezing rain over some areas of the central Appalachians. The storm was expected to reach the central high Plains by Sunday evening. Yet the cold weather blasting the North and West has avoided the southern states, leading to wild temperatures differences. The high temperature for the US on Friday was 93 degrees Fahrenheit (34C) at Falcon Lake, Texas, while the low was minus-35 degrees Fahrenheit (1.7C) near Huntley, Montana. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews