Reports that Prince Harry is demanding a private apology from his brother and father ahead of the Coronation reflects the Duke's "breathtaking narcissism", claimed one royal commentator. Taking to Twitter, Washington-based commentator Nile Gardiner said: "The arrogance and narcissism of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex is just breathtaking", adding: "Harry and Meghan should be apologising to the King, Prince William, the Royal Family and the British people for their vicious campaign of lies and disinformation." King Charles and Prince William are believed to have no intention of apologising to Prince Harry ahead of the Coronation. William is reportedly "incandescent" with rage, in particular about how his wife, the Princess of Wales, has been treated in the Duke's tell-all memoir, Spare. Harry is critical of both William and Kate, recounting at one point a tense exchange with William at his London home in 2019 which results. Harry says William called Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, which Harry calls a “parrot[ing of] the press narrative” about his American wife. READ MORE: 'Incandescent' William to reject Harry's Coronation ultimatum as Duke demands apology The confrontation then turned physical, Harry writes, when William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor”. In Spare, Harry also claims Prince William confronted Meghan Markle after she suggested Kate, Princess of Wales, had a "baby brain". What's more, the Duke also makes a number of controversial claims about his stepmother and father's wife, Queen Consort Camilla. Harry claimed his stepmother posed a danger because of the need to "rehabilitate her image" after being referred to as "the third person" in Princess Diana's marriage to King Charles. DON'T MISSPrince Harry humiliates as Americans back William [LATEST]Mysterious death of champion swimmer investigated [REPORT]China 'could take out US' with spy balloon attack [INSIGHT] Despite Harry's portrayal of his family, the Duke is understood to want some sort of private apology from his father and brother for the way the Sussexes have allegedly been treated. But King Charles and Prince William are said to have rejected Harry's demand. He is understood to want a summit with his father and brother ahead of the Coronation on May 6. A source, who is said to be a friend of the family, told MailOnline: "I hear William has no intention whatsoever of apologising and remains incandescent, especially around the way his wife, the Princess of Wales, has been treated." READ MORE: Harry reportedly adding another chapter to his tell-all memoir: ‘Readers are eager!’ Another source told the Mirror: "There is still a huge amount of ill will boiling over in the family." Harry said previously suggested the onus is on the Royal Family's to mend the relationship ahead of the Coronation. Asked if he would attend if he is invited, Harry told ITV in January: "There is a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open, the ball is in their court. "There's a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they are willing to sit down and talk about it." Royal biographer Angela Levin is not in favour of the Duke attending his father's big day, suggesting that the Sussexes would exploit the occasion for commercial gain. Appearing on GB News, Ms Levin said: "You cannot have someone who says he hates the UK, who loves living in the USA. You can't have them [Meghan and Harry] there. You also cannot trust them - they will sell everything they can get to get a new TV documentary." The royal commentator continued: "The papers will want to talk about what they are doing so it will spoil it. You have to get rid of them. This is King Charles' day." Ms Levin added that Harry runs the risk of overshadowing Camilla, Queen Consort too.