Former Prime Minister Liz Truss led Government for just six weeks last autumn before she was ousted. Last weekend, she defended her premiership in a 4,000-word opinion piece, in which she claimed she was never given a “realistic chance” to implement her policies. And now, a new Express.co.uk poll has found that 34 percent of readers think she should make a comeback.  Ms Tuss succeeded Boris Johnson on September 6, 2022, after beating now-Prime Minister Rishi Sunak in the summer’s Tory leadership contest. She pledged to promote economic growth through “tax cuts and reform” but her policies led to her downfall, and she was forced to resign just 44 days later as a result of the backlash. Writing in the Sunday Telegraph, she said: “I am not claiming to be blameless in what happened, but fundamentally I was not given a realistic chance to enact my policies by a very powerful economic establishment, coupled with a lack of political support. READ MORE: Truss ousted by Left before given 'realistic chance' on tax “I assumed upon entering Downing Street that my mandate would be respected and accepted. How wrong I was. While I anticipated resistance to my programme from the system, I underestimated the extent of it. Similarly, I underestimated the resistance inside the Conservative parliamentary party to move to a lower-tax, less-regulated economy.” She added: “I knew when I proceeded swiftly with my economic growth policy that there was a risk to my position. It would have been easier not to act. But I believed that the biggest risk for the country would have been to do nothing. For me, the status quo was not an option.”  In response, Express.co.uk ran a poll from 11.30am on Monday, February 6, to 9.30am on Thursday, February 9, asking readers: “Do you support Liz Truss making a political comeback?” Overall, 8,105 votes were cast with the majority, 65 percent (5,282 people) answering “no” she should not return to frontline politics. However, a third of voters, 34 percent (2,766 people), said “yes” she should, and a further one percent (57 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Ms Truss’ career.  The majority of readers argued against Ms Truss making a political comeback based on her performance as Prime Minister. Username TootSweet said: “Good grief, no!” Username oak said: “No she should get on with her job and support the Prime Minister instead of causing rifts in the party.” Similarly, username aka2 remarked: “Truss is putting her career before the good of the party.” And username MrsMitchell said: “No, I do not support a comeback for Truss. It would be best for all if she stood down at the next general election and ‘retired quietly to the country’.” DON'T MISS: Treasures from the Prime Minister's countryside hideout to go on sale [LATEST]Sunak nightmare as poll shows SNP would overtake Tories in election [UPDATE]Sunak’s promotion of outspoken ‘red wall’ MP Lee Anderson is shrewd [COMMENT] Speaking with The Spectator earlier this week, in her first interview since leaving Downing Street, Ms Truss ruled out a return to 10 Downing Street She said she did not want to be Prime Minister again. She added that she “will be supporting” Mr Sunak from the backbenches. She explained: “I definitely want to be part of promoting a pro-growth agenda. I definitely want to carry on as an MP. I think we need to start building more of a strong intellectual base. But I’m not desperate to get back into No 10, no.” Other readers agreed that Ms Truss should continue to serve as an MP and support the Conservatives and Mr Sunak from the backbenches. Username Maurice said: “She may have been keeping a low profile since she made a hash of the top job, but she's still an MP. Maybe she has learned some lessons, and maybe she still has an important role to play, but not the top job.”  Likewise, username LizGlaisher wrote: “Not at this moment. She needs to speak out from the backbenches.” However, some readers were more supportive towards Ms Truss, suggesting that her policies could fair better at a different time. Username sapiens commented: “Liz Truss had the right ideas at the wrong time.” Another, username SeaninBlair said: “Liz Truss has the correct, proper and necessary conservative ideas but unfortunately poor implementation skills.” While username enavant03 wrote: “Liz Truss was only trying to emulate what Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan achieved, grow the economy out of trouble. If they were allowed to do that why couldn't she instead of being strangled immediately?”  In response to Ms Truss’ article, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer reiterated the need for Mr Sunak to call a general election. He told broadcasters in Bristol: “I have to say, my heart sunk at the idea of former Prime Ministers taking the stage to tell us about what they did. They did huge damage to our country and to our economy. “And there are millions of people across the country still paying the price for the failures, well, 13 years failure of this Conservative Government, so what the country needs is for us to move forward. “But the former Prime Ministers’ contest of who was the biggest failure is just about the last thing that this country needs right now.”