Will Ferrell struck up an unlikely friendship with former Manchester United midfielder and current Sky Sports pundit Roy Keane during a surprise appearance on Super Sunday before the Red Devils faced Leeds United at Elland Road. Ferrell, who co-owns MLS side Los Angeles FC, has been in the UK over the last few days and decided to take a trip to the Etihad Stadium where the Sky Sports team were previewing the two Premier League matches taking place later on Sunday. Ferrell was previously seen in Wrexham enjoying a pint with locals at a pub before the Red Dragons, who are of course owned by Hollywood duo Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney, beat Wealdstone at the Racecourse Ground on Saturday. The Anchorman star then made an unexpected appearance on Super Sunday a day later and appeared to be particularly friendly with Keane as the duo shared a warm embrace on air.Fellow analyst Micah Richards was taken aback as Ferrell and Keane, who the ex-Manchester City defender often jokes with on punditry duties, greeted each other and exclaimed: "I'm getting jealous here, this is mine!""Roy and I had the pleasure of playing at Soccer Aid," clarified Ferrell, before asking Keane: "Was that in 2010, maybe?" The former United skipper replied: "I can't remember last week! Are you still playing, still training?" JUST IN: Liverpool dealt Thiago blow as Reds learn full extent of injury "I run around a bit, kick the ball, try not to pull my hammy," responded Ferrell. He was then asked by Sky Sports presenter Kelly Cates what he was doing on British shores and jokingly explained: "I'm on a recruiting trip for LAFC, I'm just seeing if they measure up to the MLS."I watch a fair amount [of football], I have to say I don't really have a side over here, I just enjoy following all the storylines and yeah, it's obviously a very good league. There's some really good teams and players here. "We're just here, this is a trip we planned a couple of years ago and it got delayed through Covid and that sort of thing, so it's a collection of old friends and we're seeing four matches in six days and just having a great time."While Keane may have been past his best when he lined up alongside Ferrell at Soccer Aid back in 2010, he certainly left a lasting impression on the actor, who seemed more than happy to see the Irishman in the flesh once again. Keane only played for 23 minutes that day, while Ferrell lasted 74 minutes before he was replaced by fellow US film star Edward Norton for the Rest Of World side. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.