The school where a teenage girl killed herself after she was brutally beaten by classmates in a viral video has been slammed by a former teacher. Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead at home two day after being attacked, local police said. Daniel Keiser, an ex-teacher at the Central Regional High School in New Jersey, America, claims the school was plagued by "intense bullying" and fights. In a Facebook post, Mr Keiser said: "For those of you who have been following the news about Central Regional, I was a teacher there for over 2 decades and this is not new! "It is tragic that this kind of thing had to happen to wake people up. There were days where I would break up three fights before home room even started. "As a teacher there and a parent there who dealt with intense bullying, we would often plead with administration to get things under control and only one of them ever tried." The former Central Regional High School teacher added that the administration was "notorious for brushing things under the carpet". A former student also alleges that teachers simply watched from locker room doors as she was bullied and nearly attacked by a fellow pupil. CeCe Lane said on Facebook: "I know plenty of people that got bullied, fought, and humiliated, the school always looked the other way." Adriana's attackers have been charged with third-degree felony assault and another was charged with disorderly conduct. They have also been suspended by the school Express.co.uk attempted to reach the Central Regional High School superintendent's office, but could not leave a message as the answering machine was full. Distressing footage shared online shows a group of teens attacking Adriana with a water bottle in the school corridor. She laid curled up on the floor as fellow students punched, kicked and pulled at her. One attacker can be heard yelling: "That's what you get you stupid a** b****." After the tragedy, Adriana's dad told ABC7: "Getting hit with a water bottle didn’t hurt Adriana, what hurt her was the embarrassment and humiliation, they just kept coming at her." 