Bernie Ecclestone has suggested Michael Schumacher’s skiing accident in 2013 had a major impact on son Mick’s career. The former F1 boss stressed Mick could have ended up at a “good team” if he had dad Michael next to him in the paddock. Ecclestone believes the seven-time champion could show Mick “so many details” which would have smoothed his entry into the sport. Speaking to Sport Bild, Ecclestone explained: “With Michael as a consultant at his side, Mick could be a regular driver in the cockpit of a good team. “With all his experience, Michael could have given his son so many details. He would have shown him the right way, in terms of driving, but also politically.” F1 icon Michael was a keen follower of Mick’s early racing career, spotted trackside at karting tracks as he rose through the ranks. However, Michael has not been seen in public since his tragic skiing accident back in December 2013. Mick was ditched by Haas last season after a string of heavy accidents and his failure to score points. READ MORE: Michael Schumacher's brother discusses Hamilton and Verstappen battle  He has been replaced at the American manufacturer by Nico Hulkenberg with Schumacher moving to Mercedes as a reserve driver. Ecclestone suggested that Mick signed with the wrong constructor and backed Helmut Marko and Christian Horner to be a better match. The 92-year-old has predicted an F1 return will now be tough for Schumacher junior despite winning the F2 crown just three years ago. Ecclestone commented: “He was with the wrong team. Red Bull would have been better for him. They would have cared more for him there and built him up. "The burden of the name is heavy. Living up to that name is Mick's biggest problem. It will be difficult for him to find a cockpit now - especially one in which he can win. Sorry to say it." DON'T MISSMick Schumacher 'being kept away' from driving Mercedes  [COMMENT]Mick Schumacher boosts chances of F1 comeback due to McLaren agreement [INSIGHT]Mick Schumacher spotted in a Mercedes for first time as Silver Arrows [PICS] Mick previously admitted he and his father may have had “more to talk about” as his F1 career began. Speaking in the Netflix film ‘Schumacher’, Mick even revealed updates about the German champion’s health almost a decade after the incident. He said: “I think dad and me, we would understand each other in a different way now. “We would have had much more to talk about and that is where my head is most of the time, thinking that would be so cool. I would give up everything just for that. These moments that I believe many people have with their parents are no longer present, or to a lesser extent." 