Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's hope for a "capitulation and apology" from Buckingham Palace is dampening chances of a reconciliation in the Royal Family. It is thought that Harry and Meghan will be invited to the King's Coronation on May 6, however the prince has said regarding his family that the "ball is in their court" over whether they can make amends. A source close to the Sussexes told PEOPLE magazine that so far there has been no progress in mending relations between Harry and his father and brother. Although he has not confirmed or denied his presence at the Coronation, he told Tom Bradby in his ITV interview: "There's a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open. "The ball is in their court. There's a lot to be discussed, and I really hope that they are willing to sit down and talk about it." Another source added: "The problem is that [the Sussexes] want a capitulation and apology by the palace, but when 'recollections vary,' that's quite difficult." The King and Queen Consort this week launched their Coronation website to mark three months until the ceremony at Westminster Abbey, however a royal insider claimed the whole situation had been "ghastly" for the palace. They said: "Although there is sorrow because the Queen has died, the coronation should be a joyful moment, too, because Charles will be crowned. But this is a massive shadow." The royals have so far not commented publicly on the falling out with Harry and Meghan, with Prince William said to be the "most upset" over accusations made against him in Harry's memoir Spare. READ MORE: Charles and William can 'bring the monarchy to the people'–campaigner Royal correspondent Valentine Low said of the Firm: "They didn't want to fan the flames of the rift and the dispute. They know that anything said in a statement or a briefing would prolong it. "They wanted it to calm down as soon as possible. The longer it goes on, the less hope there is for reconciliation." In his book Harry lays bare the breakdown of his relatinonship with his older brother, from pretending not to know William at Eton to allegations the Prince of Wales physically attacked him during an argument in 2019. DON'T MISS:Protestor led away by police during Kate and Will's visit [LATEST]Fed says housing ‘signs of life’ could spike inflation [REPORT]New Super League explained - Four key changes as Perez and co return [SPORT] In Spare Harry recalls a meeting with an estranged William in 2021 after the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral: "I looked at Willy, really looked at him, maybe for the first time since we were boys. "I took it all in: his familiar scowl, which had always been his default in dealings with me; his alarming baldness, more advanced than my own; his famous resemblance to Mummy, which was fading with time. "With age. In some ways he was my mirror, in some ways he was my opposite. My beloved brother, my arch nemesis, how had that happened?"