Tommy Fury is set to boost his worth considerably when he fights rival Jake Paul in a huge pay-per-view bout on Sunday night. The 23-year-old has so far earnt a fraction of the fortune that his step-brother and heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury has accumulated. Fury shot to stardom during an appearance on reality television series Love Island, where he met current partner, Molly-Mae Hague - the mother of their new-born baby Bambi. In the ring, Fury is unbeaten after eight bouts and Sunday's against Paul is set to boost his £1million net value. Fury is expected to pocket roughly £2.5million for the long-awaited grudge match against Paul. Despite Paul being underdog the American YouTube star has offered Fury a winner-takes-all wager which the pair have shaken on. Heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury is one of the biggest names in sports and is estimated to be worth a huge £130million. The 34-year-old has an unbeaten heavyweight record of 33-0 and sold out the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium during his last fight against Derek Chisora. READ MORE: Inside the life of Jake Paul houses, jets and girlfriend news after amassing £260m fortune   Tyson famously beat former heavyweight world champion Wladimir Klitschko in November 2015, winning via unanimous decision and earning over £5m for his efforts. His repeated rivalry with American Deontay Wilder has helped to boost his worth with their third bout landing the British heavyweight around £22m. The Gypsy King has cashed in on his popularity and earnt £12m from his single WWE appearance. The boxing champion is confident that his step-brother will overcome Paul on Sunday night and has bet a huge £100,000 on him to win. DON'T MISS:  YouTuber-turned-boxer Paul has a net worth of over £30m after starting his career on the Disney Channel's hit show Bizaardvark before growing his popularity on social media. Since turning his hand to boxing, Paul has amassed a total purse of around £10m from six unbeaten fights against social media and MMA stars. Fellow YouTube boxer KSI also has a huge net value estimated to be worth £21m which continues to grow through different business ventures. The rapper and social media star has fought three times with his latest win coming with a first round knockout of FaZe Temperrr last month. 