The coronation service of King Charles is due to take place on May 6 but it still remains uncertain if Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be in attendance. The Apprentice star, Karren Brady, has suggested that the new monarch has a lot "resting on his shoulders" outside of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The businesswoman has said Britain is in desperate need of "unity" as she addressed the divided nation in her latest column. She went on to claim that the king has not only had to deal with the "splintered and fractured" Royal Family over the past year amid Harry and Meghan's "constant complaining". The 53-year-old suggested the UK has been "split" in recent years following Brexit and Nicola Sturgeon's drive for Scottish independence. The BBC favourite claimed with the First Minister's recent resignation it is now the "perfect starting point" for the country to heal divisions. READ MORE: King Charles suffers blow as Adele 'turns down' Coronation Writing in her latest column for The Sun, Karren explained: "When Sturgeon leaves office, the momentum for Scottish independence will immediately dwindle. "Now her divisive plot is dead in the water and it may be five years before it gets near a ballot box again, if ever. "So what we need now, to help heal these wounds and remind us what is great about this kingdom, is a moment of national unity." Karren suggested that Nicola's resgination will see an end to the political "squabbling". She went on to suggest that Charles has a lot "resting on his shoulders" but believes his Coronation will bring the people of Britain together. "First, he has to show he is equal to that challenge within his own family," Karren wrote. She added: "Orchestrating a united front with Harry and Meghan, getting William onside and managing his brother Andrew’s unrealistic expectations will all be tricky. "Of course, Charles and Camilla have spent close to their whole life together learning how to practise the art of diplomacy." DON'T MISS... Patsy Kensit flashes engagement ring after millionaire beau proposes[LATEST]Strictly's Janette Manrara announces baby news with husband Aljaz[STRICTLY]Vanessa Feltz's brutal dig after cheating fiancé's lover speaks out[UPDATE] Karren referenced the royal's decision to wear a recycled crown for the Coronation that will not feature the Koh-i-Noor diamond, Buckingham Palace has announced last week. The Apprentice star said the royal couple were diplomatic in their response. Camilla will wear a modified version of Queen Mary’s crown, made by Garrard for the 1911 coronation and commissioned by Queen Mary, the consort of George V. In tribute to Queen Elizabeth II, the crown will be reset with the Cullinan III, IV and V diamonds, part of the late queen’s personal jewellery collection and often worn by her as brooches. The announcement confirms that the Koh-i-Noor diamond, seized by the East India Company in 1849 and presented to Queen Victoria, and which featured in the late queen mother’s crown in 1937, will not be used. Karren finished by suggesting the new king will need to make the public "proud" to be British but added he should avoid "offending the Commonwealth". She added that if the royal can get it right it could "transform our fortunes".