Real Madrid goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois has admitted that he tried to mock Mohamed Salah by chipping the ball over the Liverpool winger before his early goal at Anfield on Tuesday night. The Egyptian forward scored Liverpool's second of the evening after just 14 minutes but Courtois ended up having the last laugh as Real Madrid went on to secure a historic 5-2 victory and put one foot in this year's Champions League quarter-finals. The Belgian was responsible for a critical error for Salah's goal, though, as he failed to clear his lines before the Reds ace pounced to ripple the back of the net with a drilled effort from close range. Courtois later admitted that he was trying to chip the ball over Salah and explained his error as a lapse in judgement, although it did not matter when the final whistle blew after his team-mates secured a historic comeback from two goals down."It was a bit stupid, I think," Courtois told CBS Sports. "It was not an amazing back-pass but I controlled it well. I wanted to chip it first over Mo so I stopped and thought OK, I have time, so I wanted to move the ball to the right."I think by putting my right leg more down it hit my knee and yeah, it's a really unlucky start to the game, especially when you're one-nil down. As a goalkeeper you just have to move on, these things happen unfortunately and we don't see it happen much. I think it was a long time since this happened. JUST IN: Chelsea 'hold emergency Graham Potter meeting' ahead of Tottenham game "You have to move on, there was a long game ahead and I was sure that as a team we could win this game and fortunately also it happened to Alisson [Becker], so I think today it was a mix but it went well."Courtois went on to offer a first-person insight into the collective team mentality at Real Madrid, who dug deep to wrestle back control from Liverpool and register a dominant victory against the odds in front of a typically hostile Anfield crowd. "It was an experience for all the players," he added. "The moment I made the mistake I saw that everyone is calm, everyone is relaxed and everyone knows that we can do something to win the game. When we came in at half-time we felt we could win the game."Karim [Benzema] said we can score two or three goals for sure and that is what happened. They [Liverpool] are vulnerable, leaving space in the back. They press so high so we can go out of this pressure, there is so much space, and obviously we have fast people on the counter-attack with Vinicius [Junior], Rodrygo and [Ernesto] Valverde and this is what happens." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.