Joe Biden fell on the stairs of Air Force One as he made his way home from Poland today. Biden, 80, fell forward halfway up the steps of the Presidential plane as he boarded, before hopping back up and giving a wave.  It is not an uncommon sight, with this fall the the third time Biden has stumbled on the stairs of the Presidential plane. In May of last year, Biden tripped climbing the steps at Andrews Air Force Base on the way to Illinois. The President was seen gripping the hand railing tightly to prevent a full fall. A month later, the President stumbled while climbing the steps in LA on the way to the Summit of the Americas. Biden was headed back to Washington after a three-day eastern European visit which included an unannounced stop in Kyiv to meet his Ukrainian counterpart, Volodymyr Zelensky.  At 80, Biden is the oldest ever President and Republicans have seized on his stumbles - both physically and while speaking - as evidence that he is neither mentally nor physically fit to hold the office. Last week, White House doctor Kevin O'Conner cleared Biden's health, but noted in a five-page report that he had a stiff gait due to "significant spinal arthritis, mild post-fracture foot arthritis and a mild sensory peripheral neuropathy of the feet". However, he added that the condition, due in part to the fact that Biden broke his foot previously, had not worsened in the last year. READ MORE: Xi Jinping adopts cunning strategy to fool 'gullible' Biden  Videos shared on social media earlier in the day appeared to show a staff member falling down the steps of an official plane as it arrived in Poland. The footage shows a person tumbling down the stairs with others rushing to help. However it is unclear if the plane was Air Force One. The White House told Newsweek that the person who had fallen down the steps in the other video was not Biden and other video posted to YouTube shows the President arriving in Poland without falling. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews