This will come as a huge relief for many of the public especially since, for the first time, the strike action would have included intensive care and emergency nursing staff, raising fears about its impact on the extremely vulnerable. It remains to be seen whether teachers and ambulance strikes will still go ahead later this month, but it has been clear since the start of the multitude of large-scale industrial actions that have blighted this winter that not all union claims are of equal validity. And neither are all strikes.  While the public does feel a degree of sympathy for striking workers who are, like most of us, feeling the pinch of the cost-of-living crisis, some truths are simply unavoidable. The reality is that the country cannot afford the unrealistic, above-inflation pay rises being demanded by so many public service unions. Especially as the current government gets to grips with stabilising the country’s finances following record levels of borrowing during the pandemic. The University and College Union, for example, has demanded a pay rise of at least two percent above inflation, the restoration of pension benefits and to have “excessive workloads” tackled. A pay rise well over 10 percent is a figure most workers (in the private and public sectors) can only dream of.  It is simply unreasonable to hold the public to ransom over a pay rise figure most people work years to achieve, not to mention the fact that university workers have historically enjoyed some of the most generous pension packages of all public sector workers. It is easy then to understand why there hasn’t been an outpouring of public sympathy for UCU workers. In fact, a recent YouGov poll showed that only about one in three people (36 percent) backed university staff strikes, in comparison to nearly two in three people (65 percent) supporting industrial action by the nurses and by ambulance workers. Rail unions have enjoyed even less public support for their strike action (30 percent) than UCU workers for making equally unreasonable demands and holding industrial action which prolonged hospitality sector losses. Rail workers are due to strike again in the coming weeks and will likely be met with growing public hostility. Unsurprisingly rail union bosses, who run a very real risk of striking their members out of a job, continue to hold out in opposition to the reduction of open ticket offices and the threat of redundancies.  RMT boss Mick Lynch’s demand for a guarantee of no compulsory job losses simply beggars belief. Most private sector employees could never dream of holding their employers to ransom over the potential of redundancies. How is it right for union bosses to sell their members’ false dreams by making them believe that such a condition is even remotely feasible? Yet the public is expected to absorb such mind-boggling inefficiencies to stroke union bosses’ egos. To cave into their politically-motivated demands would only stoke inflation and would make the hard-fought salary increases worthless. It is essentially Catch-22. But in the case of the nurses, a different approach must be taken. Clearly, no one wants to be treated by overworked, underpaid nurses. And after the nation’s heartfelt clapping for health workers during the pandemic, it is downright insulting that NHS nurses were offered a meagre three percent “uplifting” pay rise.  Not to mention the fact that they have had to deal with years of understaffing, suboptimal PPE equipment, medical resource shortages, and less-than-ideal working conditions. Even in England, the issue of nurses having to pay for parking at hospitals has yet to be resolved. Given the unique circumstances facing our NHS and nurses, few people would argue that they don’t deserve to be compensated properly. This is why the fact that the strike has been called off and pay negotiations have resumed is excellent news. One can only hope that more unreasonable unions take note and demonstrate a similar willingness to end pay disputes. After all, the longer the public has to deal with erratic public services, the easier they adjust to doing without them altogether. In the cases of university staff and rail workers, for example, this could spell the beginning of the end for the jobs the unions claim they fight for. 