Carol Kirkwood, 60, left fans stunned as she revealed the idyllic setting she had chosen for her winter break. The weather presenter flew to Norway for some well-deserved time off work on BBC Breakfast. Taking to Twitter yesterday, Carol uploaded four pictures of the mountainous landscape surrounding her accommodation. In view of her 240,000 followers, a joyous Carol wrote: “Good morning! “What a view to wake up to this morning.” The stunning snaps showed a big body of water surrounded by snowy mountains at dawn. Fans of the TV star soon replied to her tweet admiring the impressive photographs. Elite89_JC said: “Absolutely stunning Carol... I've never been on a cruise, would love to do a @Hurtiagents expedition / experience. “That would be me in my element, stunning scenery and wildlife spotting never mind the actual cruise.” (sic) Saabtodd added: “I originally assumed (wrongly it seems) that it may be your homeland, looks wonderful, enjoy your time there.” Bobnorris61gma1 penned: “Enjoy every moment Carol. Looks fantastic.” Last month, Carol addressed her future on BBC Breakfast, 25 years after she joined in her latest role. The broadcaster is the current longest serving member of the team, joining the show in the year it was launched as a production secretary. Carol left BBC Breakfast and returned several times over the years in different roles. DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [HOLLYWOOD]Lily Rose Depp baffles fans with homage to dad Johnny's ex Kate Moss [PICS]Jane Fonda issues warning after sharing 'big regret' in personal life [COMMENT] She joined as a weather presenter in 1988 and has built up a loyal following ever since. Speaking ahead of BBC Breakfast's 40th anniversary, Carol said: “I love my job. “I love the variety, I love the weather, I love the outside broadcasts and the fact that we get to meet everyone when you're out and about. “And you get to see different parts of the country as well that you may not otherwise have seen. “It's a brilliant job and I'm so lucky. Why would I want to do anything else?” “I'm very happy doing this,” the meteorologist told The Sun. Carol has gained a host of loyal fans since taking on the role of BBC Breakfast weather presenter. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.