This Morning presenter Alison Hammond turned 48 on February 5 and decided to hold a star-studded birthday party the Saturday before, alongside her son Aiden. Whilst co-stars Holly Willoughby and Dermot O'Leary were seen partying away in the pictures, Phillip Schofield was missing from the action sparking new "feud" rumours. However, the This Morning presenter immediately shut down any rumours of a feud with his co-star during Monday morning's show. Turning to Holly who attended the party, Phillip remarked: "Do you know what I'm loving? "As a team here, gradually stories bit by bit are leaking out over Alison Hammond's party on Saturday night. "Joint party with her son, loads of the team here went, the photos are unbelievable and gradually bit by bit people are going, 'Oh god I did [do that] didn't I?'. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' "'Did you do that?' It was Ruby's birthday and she had a massive birthday party, 15 friends and family so I was at Ruby's birthday and I missed out on the party. "But the photo's coming through, I am going 'What the hell are they doing?'." Holly explained: "Well I have just realised there was one performance of the night where the was a dance troop there and they did the death drop. "One leg goes up and bang you land in the splits! I may have just come to realise," however Phillip interrupted and exposed Holly: "She did it in the break. "Walking up to here and she ended up on the floor!" to which Holly giggled and continued: "I might have slipped, I am not going to practice without heels on." The team then played the clip for viewers at home to see Holly's demonstrating the technical dance move, leaving her embarrassed. Over the weekend, Alison gave her fans a sneak peek inside her star-studded party which included the likes of Carol Vorderman and TalkTV host Vanessa Feltz. Taking to her Instagram after the bash, Alison wrote alongside a sweet image of herself and Aiden: "Well that was a night to remember!!! DON'T MISS...Countryfile backlash as fans scream at BBC over Adam mining segment [LATEST]Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'failed miserably' [WATCH] "48/18 thanks to everyone who came to share our beautiful birthday night, both Aidan and I felt very loved. "I raised a Child for 18 years and he’s now an Adult, Wow I’m so emotional but it’s all happy emotion. "I’m gonna sit back now and enjoy my birthday." Holly also posted an image of herself, Alison and Dermot from the night and added: "This picture sums the night up… blurry… "Happiest of birthdays to @alisonhammond55 … love you @dermotoleary @thismorning." Alison's Friday morning co-star Dermot O'Leary posted a sweet message: "Happy Birthday to this beautiful soul. "The most fun, wise, loyal, inspirational, and silly partner in crime. Love you, Babs. X." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.