One of Britain’s favourite supermarkets, Lidl is offering its customers the chance to redeem a £5 voucher to spend in-store. Running for just one week, shoppers will need to be a Lidl Plus user to claim and need to spend a minimum of £25 in-store to be able to use the voucher. Lidl Plus is the Lidl supermarket loyalty scheme, available on your phone as an app only. It’s a free service but provides you with a variety of extras and rewards that can provide a benefit when shopping at Lidl. If customers don’t have the Lidl Plus app, simply download it on the App Store and Google Play and create an account. Head to the Redeem Code section in the app and enter the code ‘FEELGOOD’. READ MORE: Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine The coupon will be displayed shortly afterwards in the 'Coupons' section. Customers will then have five days to use the voucher in-store, but there are some restrictions as to what you can buy to hit the £25 shopping basket mark. Alcohol, infant formula and gift cards don’t count towards the £25 spent amount, and the £5 cannot be used in conjunction with any other Lidl Plus coupons. The promotion runs nationwide from February 22 to 28, with one million coupons available on a first come first served basis. DON'T MISS...Clever reason Kate Middleton chooses roll neck jumpers as her 'go-to' [STYLE COMMENT]Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range [BEAUTY]Kate and William’s affection is ‘calculated’, expert suggests [BODY LANGUAGE] There are six main ways Lidl Plus provides you with savings: Coupons (usually in the form of five a week) to save on various items. A free bakery item when customers spend more than £50 in a month. There’s also a bonus coupon you can activate in Lidl Plus after 7pm each night, which will get you 30 percent off any remaining bakery items at Lidl. Money off-vouchers. Spending £100 in a calendar month nets you a £2 voucher for the next month. Lidl call this ‘coupon plus’. A free item from a Lidl range when spending £150 in a month. Previously this has focused on being any item from the W5 cleaning range – at the time of writing it’s from the chocolate range. READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Shoppers can save £20 off food at UK supermarkets A 10 percent off voucher for a shop when spending more than £250 in a month. (The 10 percent voucher is valid for a shop of up to £200, and has a couple of exclusions including alcohol). A Lidl Scratchcard – this often appears after you shop using Lidl Plus as a bonus. Sometimes it gets nothing, sometimes you get a little treat from the Lidl range. As for how Lidl’s loyalty scheme compares to other supermarkets, The Financial Wilderness rated nine supermarkets’ schemes, and Lidl was given a rating of “excellent” alongside Co-op. The financial experts explained why: “If you’re a higher spender it’s really the best UK supermarket loyalty scheme available. “For those on lower spends it’s a simple scheme that still offers a good opportunity for money off, although the scratchcard element makes it much more variable.” Aldi is the only supermarket that doesn’t have a loyalty scheme for customers.