Nick Kyrgios has revealed that he believes the pyramids in Egypt are not man-made and that Earth may be flat in a sensational tell-all interview with YouTube star Logan Paul. The 27-year-old, who is currently recovering from a knee injury, has been no stranger to controversy over the course of his career but his latest claims about a range of conspiracy theories may be some of his wildest to date. Kyrgios was quizzed on a number of topics during his recent appearance on the popular Impaulsive podcast, which includes the likes of Mike Tyson, Ben Shapiro and 6ix9ine among its previous guests. The conversation took an interesting turn when Kyrgios mentioned his interest in conspiracies and was promptly asked by Paul if he believes the Earth is flat, to which he replied with a smile: "I don't know what to believe anymore."The tennis star went on to reveal that he is not convinced that the pyramids in Egypt were constructed by humans, adding: "I don't think the pyramids are man-made. The doors are pretty big, and we as humans don't need doors as big as those ones."One of Paul's co-hosts also floated the popular theory that the Moon landings conducted by the United States in the 1960s and 1970s were faked, prompting another response from Kyrgios: "America weren’t apparently even close to having anything successfully going up there, right?" JUST IN: Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal will be succeeded by six stars The conversation also touched upon several sporting topics, including the ongoing debate about which of Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal can rightly claim to be considered the greatest tennis player of all time. Kyrgios threw his backing behind Djokovic, who he has grown closer to over the last few years, but also acknowledged the influence of Federer by comparing him to basketball legend Michael Jordan."Federer and Jordan are very similar but I think statistically Novak is better," said Kyrgios before insisting that older-generation players like John McEnroe and Pete Sampras have no right to be included in the conversation alongside the Swiss icon, Djokovic and Nadal."No way, because I think Jordan could still play [in the NBA] in this era, whereas those guys would get absolutely snipped in this era." Another interesting revelation from Kyrgios came when he admitted that he would have retired, at least temporarily, from professional tennis if he had managed to win Wimbledon last year when he was beaten in four sets by Djokovic."That was my chance, that was really my chance," he reflected. "If I'd honestly won that, I think I would have retired at least for a year or two."I think I can win a Grand Slam. Wimbledon I was right there, I was two sets away. I won the first set and I thought this is it, and then I just didn't stay in the moment and he stayed super composed."I feel like I could do that. It's weird, but I feel like it's not even for me though, I feel like it's for everyone else, all the haters as well. I could finally just rest. I could just go home and sleep in my bed and not deal with the s***." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.