Among the most popular supplements available to consumers are those designed to enhance physical performance and energy levels. The jury is still out on the efficacy and safety of certain fitness supplements, however. Some research suggests taking certain amino acids at very high doses could prove problematic for brain cells. According to Science Daily, L-norvaline is an ingredient widely used in bodybuilding supplements and is promoted as a compound that can boost workouts and aid recovery. “Similar compounds have been linked to neurodegenerative diseases, and a study on human cells suggests L-norvaline may also cause damage to brain cells,” explains the health portal. In 2019, a study published in the journal Toxicology in Vitro, suggested that the amino acid could make cells unhealthy and kill that “even at relatively low concentrations,” reported Science Daily. The study, led by Kate Samardzic, PhD candidate at the School of Life Sciences, University of Technology Sydney, suggested that the amino acid may carry a risk for bodybuilders and athletes. READ MORE: 69-year-old man's gallbladder burst after taking popular supplement It was explained that the supplements might initially enable cells to produce more energy. Eventually, however, the cell's machinery that generates the energy becomes damaged. Associate Professor Ken Rodgers, who led the research said that people are taking supplements without knowing what the long-term consequences might be. Other reports have contested the findings, however, suggesting that the supplement may not be as toxic as reported. READ MORE: Three signs a vitamin D deficiency has gone on too long In 2019, a report published in Brain Science pointed out that the conclusion of the study is ‘significantly overstated’. The authors pointed out that the study omits that L-norvaline toxicity is limited to specific in vitro studies at exceedingly high concentrations. “Most importantly, the study at hand does not confirm any human toxicity of L-norvaline,” added the authors of the report. A separate body of research published in 2019 suggested that protein shakes containing BCAAs - three essential amino acids called leucine, valine and isoleucine - could have other adverse effects on health, however. The study in mice, published in the journal Nature Metabolism, suggested that a diet high in BCAAs and low in other essential nutrients could be detrimental. It was suggested it could adversely affect mood, lead to food cravings and weight gain, and even shorten lifespan. It’s important to note that the effects were observed in rodents fed double the usual amounts of BCAAs for their entire lives. The researchers leading the study said that the critical message was maintaining a balance of amino acids, which can be done by including various different sources of protein in the diet.