Chelsea are not the first team to suffer at the hands of a James Ward-Prowse free-kick, and they won't be the last. The Southampton star netted a superb set-piece winner at Stamford Bridge on Saturday to heap more misery on Graham Potter, who is set to face more tough questions. As the Blues' miserable winless run extends to five games, Express Sport takes you through five things we learned from their 1-0 loss... Chelsea shown what they're missing The west London club were strongly linked with Manchester City academy product Romeo Lavia during the summer, submitting an audacious proposal to pinch him from Southampton in the same window the Saints signed him for £12million. Fresh links sprung up in January but the prodigious teenager remains on the south coast. And he showed Chelsea exactly what they were missing out on, on Saturday with a commanding midfield performance well beyond his years. Drawing fouls, resisting pressure and beating opponents were all part of Lavia's game as the Blues struggled to lay a glove on him, particularly during the first half. DON'T MISS: Chelsea boss Graham Potter let down by three players in dismal Southampton defeat  Potter experiment fails Chelsea boss Potter has a major goalscoring issue to solve, with his side netting just once in their last five matches. Eyebrows were raised when he thrust 20-year-old January signing David Datro Fofana straight up top against the Saints, and he was hauled off at half-time. The former Brighton manager's experiment extended to leaving Mykhaylo Mudryk on the bench and setting up in a 4-4-2, but a dismal first-half display forced Potter into a double change at the interval. Saturday afternoon once again showed that the Chelsea gaffer is still not sure of his best XI. Blues' big-money trio struggle It wasn't a particularly good day for a selection of Chelsea's January signings, namely Enzo Fernandez, Joao Felix and Mudryk. British record recruit Fernandez was outshone by Lavia in midfield and he struggled to produce anything groundbreaking, despite his best intentions. The same can be said for Felix, who arguably came undone at the hands of his own ambition as he often tried to do too much with the ball, which meant neglecting simple passes. Finally, Mudryk had to settle for a spot on the bench after an ineffective series of games, and he failed to come up with his big moment against the Saints after coming on. Selles shines in first audition With Southampton axing Nathan Jones after last weekend's defeat to Wolves, Ruben Selles was given the opportunity to step up from assistant into caretaker charge for the trip to Stamford Bridge. Reports emerged in midweek suggesting that those behind the scenes were impressed with the intensity and detail Selles had shown in training. He proved that he meant business on Saturday afternoon. Southampton had answers for Chelsea at both ends of the field and it was a gritty display that may prompt the board to extend his audition and consider offering him the job on a full-time basis.