Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are going to attend King Charles's Coronation "briefly" as expert claims there is "no definitive decision" about whether or not the pair will attend the event in May. The Coronation is set to be held on May 6 with a lot of speculation as to whether or not the Duke and Duchess of Sussex plan on attending the big event. Rifts within the Royal Family are at an all time high after Harry released his memoir in January. Daily Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer said he expects the Sussexes to "be invited despite everything that has happened because they are still part of the family". Speaking on the Express's Royal Roundup, he added: "There will be conversations going on. My understanding is there's no definitive decision about whether they will come or not. Many of us have expected the Sussexes to be invited in spite of everything because they are still part of the family and it would look petty not to invite them. "It's Archie's birthday that day so they may decide they have other plans but my guess is they will be there briefly. "It's inevitable that members of the family are going to be quite wary. Having said that, within the royal circles there is a recognition that this rift is very sad and sooner or later they will have to get together and discuss it again and coming out of the Coronation would be a good opportunity. I would expect the King and Queen Consort to have some private discussions with them." If Harry and Meghan do attend the Coronation, some have questioned whether the pair will sit down with King Charles and Camilla to attempt to "mend" the rift. Valentine Low told Express.co.uk that the rift is a "dark cloud" hanging over Charles's head that has the potential to "mar" proceedings. It remains to be seen whether Prince William is ready to forgive his brother, he added. While discussing the prospect of Harry's attendance at the Coronation, Low said: "The King would love to see this rift healed. It's a dark cloud hanging over his brain. It has the potential to overshadow the Coronation and mar the proceedings." READ MORE: Charles and Camilla tried to follow Spanish rule - but it was awkward  Harry made a number of claims in his memoir about members of the Firm - including his brother Prince William who he claims physically assaulted him during an altercation. He also spoke about "begging" his father not to marry Camilla after the death of his mother Princess Diana. Harry and Meghan's Netflix docu-series also contained a number of damaging claims about the family. The couple accused the family of "lying" to protect Prince William, but "refused to tell the truth to protect Meghan". DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan branded 'laughing stock' in US over South Park [COMMENT]Charlie Stayt sparks uproar as BBC fans blast 'biased' interview [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan erased from Queen's Commonwealth Trust website [PICTURES] While it has not been confirmed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will attend, Express.co.uk confirmed last week that they will be invited. A detailed plan is underway to ensure the couple do not overshadow the proceedings in any way, a Whitehall source said. They said: “They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama." 