The Last of Us has nearly hit the halfway point with a total of 10 episodes in the show. Continuing this week with the episode, titled Please Hold My Hand, viewers will see Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) thrown into fresh danger on the journey to reunite with his brother and former Firefly Tommy (Gabriel Luna). A short trailer for the forthcoming episode features Ellie and Joel travelling through a town in their recently acquired van when they encounter an apparently injured man. Instead of helping him, Joel tries to serve past him and continue on their journey. But the pair will be facing fresh danger with Joel trying to reassure the teen everything will be fine. The preview from HBO also gives audiences their first glimpse of new character Kathleen, who has been created specially for the drama and doesn’t appear in the video games. Here’s the lowdown on where you may recognise the actress from and also the other cast members. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending New Zealand actress Melanie Lynskey plays Kathleen, the brutal leader of a revolutionary movement in Kansas City, Missouri. Along with The Last of Us, Lynskey is best known for Shauna in Yellowjackets, Candy and Mrs America and Castle Rock. Her film roles include Don’t Look Up, Lady of the Manor, The Great & The Small with the star making her debut opposite Kate Winslet in Peter Jackson’s Heavenly Creatures. The Last of Us’s co-creator and executive producer Neil Druckmann praised Lynskey’s performance in the series last year after the first look trailer came out. After the actress shared a trailer from The Last of Us on Twitter, Druckmann posted underneath: “You crushed your episodes! Can't wait for people to see your character!” Lynskey is slated to be starring in more than one episode of The Last of Us, meaning her role could be more substantial than first thought. Henry - Lamar Johnson Lamar Johnson plays Henry after starring in TV series Your Honor and The Next Step, while his film credits include The Hate U Give, All the Bright Places, Brother and X-Men: Dark Phoenix. The character of Henry appears in the game and is the older brother and guardian of Sam. Sam - Keivonn Montreal Woodard Child star Keivonn Montreal Woodard or Keivonn Woodard is Sam and the actor has also appeared in Seeds of Hope: The Andrew Jackson Foster Story. The role is likely to propel the nine-year-old star, who is deaf in real-life, into prominence. John Getz John Getz appears in an uncredited role after appearing in Zodiac, Blood Simple, The Fly and The Social Network. Juan Magana Juan Magana also appears in an uncredited role with previous credits including Black in the No, Before the Dawn and The Mosquito Coast. DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters fans ‘heartbroken’ as Amy Slaton confirms death [UPDATE]Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex admits Vanessa 'puts him in his place' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [SPOILER] Eric Breker Actor Eric Breker has a role in the episode following on from parts in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Godzilla, Scary Movie 3, Devil in Ohio and Virgin River. Perry - Jeffrey Pierce Actor and voice star Jeffrey Pierce plays survivor Perry in the series. Pierce isn’t new to the world of The Last of Us after voicing Tommy in the video games before landing a different role in the TV show. Some of his other roles have included Castle Rock, Justified and Bosch, while his voice work includes Love, Death & Robots, Call of Duty: WWII and Medal of Honor: Warfighter, among other roles. The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW on at 2am and 9pm