 Joey Essex, 32, took to Instagram sharing his latest injury shortly before appearing on Dancing on Ice on Sunday. This is the TOWIE star’s second injury in two weeks after he revealed a brutal leg injury as his leg was wrapped in bandages.  Just hours before the latest episode of Dancing on Ice, Joey shared some candid clips as he made his way to the studio to compete in Props Week, excited for “show day”. The TV personality revealed a painful-looking scar on his finger, as the song Frostbite by rapper Preme played. Joey also paired the short clip with an emoji of an ice block and a cold face alongside the lightning-bolt-shaped scar. As worried fans began wondering if the star would be absent for Sunday’s show, the competitor made some comforting reassurances.   Adding another clip to his story, Joey smiled alongside his Dancing on Ice partner Vanessa Bauer, 26. Joey gleefully noted he would be “surfing on ice” for Props Week, adding some extra incentive for viewers as he showed off his outfit for the evening. Dressed just in his skates and a pair of blue swim trunks, Joey added: “I’m half-naked so tune in!” Vanessa donned a sparkling striped bikini top and beach skirt in a matching shade of blue for their beach-themed routine.     Joey’s latest injury comes barely a week after the contestant shared an ominous post leading many to think he would be taking a break from the competition. The TOWIE star shared an update on his Instagram as he lay in bed with his leg elevated in the air. His shin was wrapped in a black bandage while he shielded his followers from the worst of the injury by covering his foot with an ice skate emoji. Joey casually noted: “Had better days…”  Although it was never revealed what exactly Joey’s injury was, the star was able to successfully skate his way through to the seventh week of DOI. This season of Dancing on Ice has been plagued with injuries and illness, as The Wanted singer Siva Kaneswaran had to step down from last week’s performance. The singer revealed he had “picked up a bug earlier in the week which I haven’t been able to shake”. As Siva returned to the show for Props Week, Joey’s frostbite fell in alongside Jayne Torvill’s own injury.  The DOI judge appeared on the show in a green sparkling dress with a matching sling on her right arm. The 65-year-old explained to presenter Philip Schofield: “Talking of things going wrong on the ice, I’ve ruptured my bicep tendon. “So, I need to get surgery.” The former Olympian reassured viewers saying: “I’ll be fine and we’ll be back on the ice soon.” Luckily, the judge also noted that because she’s left-handed her judging abilities will not be impacted.