Changes to the state pension are set to come into place in April, and missing the deadline could cost people up to £5,500. From April 6, the number of extra years available to purchase drops to the last six tax years. Workers with National Insurance shortfalls have less than seven weeks to plug the gap. Alice Haine, personal finance analyst at Bestinvest explained that buying back missed years can be a good way to boost retirement income for the future. With the end of the financial year edging ever closer, many savers may be looking for ways to top up their savings. A potentially rewarding strategy, however, is to check National Insurance (NI) records for any missed years of contributions. Ms Haine said: “Buying back missed years can be a good way to bolster retirement income as just one qualifying year of NI at the standard rate of £824.20 adds up to £275 per year (1/35 of the full rate of the state pension) to your pre-tax state pension – putting the breakeven point of making those contributions at three years after you start claiming your state pension. “If you live 20 years beyond the current state retirement age of 67, each year bought back could give you up to £5,500 per year to take home, a great return particularly when you consider this is likely to rise in line with inflation. Make up five missing years at a cost of about £4,121, for example, and that could potentially be worth up to £27,500 over a typical 20-year retirement. “However, anyone with a shortfall in their record needs to act fast as they only have until midnight on April 5 to buy back their missed years to qualify for a full state pension. Failure to do so by the deadline might mean they don’t receive the full pension payment they are expecting.” READ MORE: Dragons' Den rejects triple their sales overnight despite product being labelled 'risky' Ms Haine explained “the danger” of gaps is that people don’t accrue enough qualifying years to receive a full state pension. Britons typically need at least 10 years of NI contributions to receive anything at all and typically need at least 35 years to receive the maximum new state pension, which currently stands at £9,600 a year for those retiring after April 6, 2016, and will rise to £10,600 from April. It does not need to be 35 consecutive years, but they must have hit that target over the course of their working life to receive the full entitlement. If someone is not at state pension age, they can simply check their NI contribution record by logging onto the state pension forecast calculator, which they can access through their Government Gateway. READ MORE: Octopus customer had almost £1,000 'wiped' from her energy bill - are you eligible? Ms Haine said: “Whether you need to pay up depends on factors such as how many more years you plan to work. Those aged 45 and over who are close to retirement age and won’t have enough time to achieve 35 qualifying years to receive the full state pension may be more inclined to top up, while someone close to retirement and in poor health might not feel it is worth it.” Get bespoke advice before making a decisionCalculating whether to top up can be confusing and ultimately there is no point paying for more years than people need because they won’t get that money back. The best solution is to call the Government’s Future Pension Service on 0800 731 0175 to double check how many years people can buy and whether voluntary contributions will add to their state pension. Those who have already reached pension age must contact the Pension Service on 0800 731 0469. “However, people pay different rates depending on their situation. While those in full employment pay Class 1 NI contributions which are based on earnings and automatically deducted by their employer, the self-employed pay Class 2 and 4 based on their taxable profits and those living abroad pay Class 2. “Class 2 is considerably cheaper at about £160 for one year than Class 3, so when you consider that one qualifying year of NI adds about £275 a year or £5.29 a week to your state pension for the rest of your life – it's easy to see the value of buying back those missed years. “For someone who was living abroad during their missed year, they need to download and complete HMRC’s CF83 form and send it to the address on the form. To qualify for Class 2 NI contributions, you will need to prove you lived in the UK for at least three years in a row or paid NI contributions for at least three years before you left the UK and give the names and addresses of the employers you worked for during your time overseas.”