Britain could see sporadic snow shows in the coming weeks as temperatures plummet to -10C. Forecasters had held back from predicting snow over the coming weeks, but new weather maps show how the UK could be blanketed in snow on March 11. Temperatures have dropped this week as the UK braces for a 'Beast from the East' that will bring colder temperatures, fog and wind. Jim Dale, senior meteorologist for British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk: "It’s trying its best to go that way, with Europe first and then the UK. "It is becoming more likely that freeze and fairly widespread snow is on the cards, but we are still having to be very patient. "In the longer run the Beast from the East may arrive but it’s looking like the Troll from Trondheim first, affecting the north first - then waiting on whether the Beast makes a move." Maps from WXCharts show that the mercury could drop to -10C in Scotland as well as there being subzero temperatures across the country on March 5. But the phenomenon of Sudden Stratospheric Warming (SSW) could bring very low temperatures in March. And there are fears that the "major" weather event could bring flurries of snow - similar to the Beast from the East that brought the country to a standstill five years ago. The phenomenon can lead to cold, dry weather coming into the north of Europe and across Ireland. Long-range weather maps from WXCharts - which are subject to change this far out - pinpoint Sunday, March 5 as the exact day heavy snow could start falling, with more wintry showers right through until Friday, March 10. READ MORE: Brexit isn’t to blame for food shortages, says CAROLE MALONE  It has been predicted that there could be more than 30 centimetres of snow in central and northern Scotland. The weather chart also says there is a 35% possibility of falling snow on Wednesday, March 8 and Thursday, March 9. Earlier this month, the UK’s Met Office published a blog post and issued a weather alert. They said: "The latest forecasts are showing that a major SSW is now likely to take place. The recent minor SSW weakened the SPV and it’s now likely to collapse and reverse in the middle of February. "A major SSW often makes the jet stream meander more, which can lead to a large area of blocking high pressure over northern Europe, including the UK [and Ireland]. This blocking high pressure can lead to cold, dry weather in the north of Europe, including the UK [and Ireland], with mild, wet and windy conditions more likely for southern areas of the continent. However, this is not always the case and impacts on UK weather can also be benign when an SSW occurs.” 