Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp must reinstate Jordan Henderson and Fabinho into his starting XI in order to rediscover both their and the team's form, claims Danny Murphy. The former Reds midfielder especially cannot understand the exclusion of captain Henderson of late. Liverpool have had a wretched start to 2023. They have picked up just one point so far in the Premier League this year and are out of the FA Cup following defeat to Brighton. Henderson and Fabinho have not started the last four matches in all competitions. The duo last began a game in the 3-0 league loss at the Amex, labelled one of the worst performances in Klopp's tenure. Fabinho in particular has received criticism for his showing this season. He has been unable to find the form which saw him become one of Europe's top defensive midfielders in recent campaigns. READ MORE: Leeds chiefs sent firm Bielsa message ahead of Man Utd 'disaster'  But Murphy believes the duo are important to Liverpool's success and says Klopp must find a way to get them back into the team. He told talkSPORT: "I'm still surprised that every time I see a Liverpool team sheet - I don't see them train but I don't care how he's training - Henderson plays every game for me, still. "He is the heartbeat of the midfield, he's still got the legs to do it and for some reason he keeps leaving him out. I know Fabinho's had a tough time but when you've got players who have done two or three years brilliant seasons for you and been consistent, allow them to go through their bad spell and put them back in." Stefan Bajcetic, 18, has had a prominent role in recent weeks, keeping the likes of Fabinho out of the team. Despite the teenager impressing in midfield, Liverpool's results and performances are only heading in one direction. DON'T MISSArsenal can get Mudryk revenge with star Chelsea once valued at £100mMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on Nike advertChelsea 'could snap up wonderkid' as January signing continues to grab headlines  Klopp admits he can't not be concerned about matters on the pitch. The German said: "Unfortunately, you ask me that too often. How can I not be concerned? I cannot sit here and think, ‘Oh, no. That’s all OK. We did well, but football...’ "It’s not [OK]. I was now asked a question outside if it’s because of last season - 63 games - stuff like this. Yes, definitely, we have to say it. "Meanwhile, it’s clear that has influenced the first part of the season, but how long do we want to suffer off that? So, how long?"  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here