This week, reports surfaced alleging that Vladimir Putin's health is "deteriorating", the Russian President suffering from a range of health problems, including cancer. The claims, posted on the Russian telegram channel General SVR, which cannot be verified, say the 70-year-old will have to undergo treatment in March. Following the vote which took place in 2021, it is now possible that Putin could serve for two more terms, potentially remaining in power until he is 84 years old. As the war in Ukraine enters its second year, experts have shared their thoughts with Express.co.uk on what Putin’s health means for his position in power.    Over the years, the Russian President's health has attracted a great deal of speculation, including claims that he has Parkinson’s and travels around with a thyroid cancer doctor. But secrecy about his health and family life has always been Putin’s approach, former Russian MP Ilya Ponomarev, who now lives in exile in Ukraine, told Express.co.uk. Politicians are typically "more open" when running for office, but Mr Ponomarev noted that “since Putin never went for real elections, he never actually needed to be open." He added:" So why would he do it at the end of his life?” The idea that Putin would step down was deemed an “impossibility” by the 47-year-old politician. Similarly, Nate Sibley, a Russian corruption specialist based in Washington DC, believes that Putin will most likely die in office, “either of old age or with bullets in his back” — despite his great wealth. Mr Sibley told Express.co.uk: “One thing we can predict with more certainty is that, unlike so many wealthy Russians, Putin does not plan on retiring peacefully to a mansion on the French Riviera with his mistresses." Although he claims to only make £120,000 a year and live in an 800-square-foot flat, according to his 2020 financial disclosure, it is thought Putin is one of the world’s richest men, harbouring assets worth up to £170billion. Mr Sibley continued: "He watched carefully as other former Soviet leaders tried to extricate themselves from authoritarian regimes— and as they failed. What luxuries you can buy with vast wealth has become less important to Putin, over the years, than who and what you can control. “Others with ambitions of their own might like to see him stripped of power, rotting in a cell, or swinging from a lamppost. Whatever his future holds, it is increasingly unlikely to be a happy ending.” READ MORE: 'Putin is sending our sons to the meat grinder'—Russians speak out Anthony Burr, a public relations expert of Burr Media, who has lived in both the UK and Russia, said it is unlikely that Putin would ever step down, but stressed that he will only go out on his or mother nature’s terms. “Putin will be President for as long as he wants to be, or his health allows him," he said. "I wouldn’t be surprised if he dies on the job. He won’t give up easily and who can possibly oust him? No one. He has contrived to remove any threats to his leadership by any means necessary during the past 23 years. "His senior Government positions are all filled with cronies from his KGB days and all of the same generation. He even cleverly changed the constitution during his time as ‘Prime Minister’ which allowed him to rule indefinitely, making modern-day Russia a true autocracy." Only Putin and his doctors will fully know the truth of his ailments, Mr Burr stressed, adding that Putin is projecting a "strongman" persona who "simply does not get sick", particularly during a war when the population is increasingly anxious and looking to their leader for stability. DON'T MISS: North Korea on brink of return to 1990s famine as 'food rations' grip [INSIGHT]The 'perfect storm' behind UK's fruit and veg shortages [ANALYSIS]POLL: Do you think four-day working weeks are the way forward? [POLL] Similarly, Dr Roger Gewolb, political expert and CEO of fairmoney.com, described Putin's health as the "overriding predisposing issue". He said: "It is notoriously difficult to judge, especially from a distance and via the media, the actual mental or physical health of a major public figure. "Certainly, despite all the repeated evidence, it is still not possible to say that President Putin is unfit for purpose." While Dr Gewolb believes it is "obvious" that the Russian President has some serious health issues, just how critical they are to his performance and continuance in office is "impossible to say".