Manchester United supporters would be smart to avoid getting too excited about the possibility of Elon Musk buying the club from the Glazer family in the not-too-distant future. The multi-billionaire entrepreneur, who is one of the richest people on the planet, is said to be weighing up the possibility of launching a bid for the Red Devils after it emerged recently that investment firms from Qatar and Saudi Arabia are expected to submit formal offers of their own. British business magnate Sir Jim Ratcliffe, who is a lifelong United fan, is also said to have a vested interest in purchasing the club from its current owners and would be looking to rival any Musk-led approach in the not-too-distant future. The latter previously hinted at the possibility of buying United last year, but his nonchalant comments on Twitter were widely considered to be a joke and not genuinely indicative of a desire to put the wheels in motion."I'm buying Manchester United ur welcome," said Musk in August at a time when United had not even been put up for sale by the Glazers, who went on to announce in November that 'strategic alternatives' including an outright change in ownership would be considered over the coming months.It seems as though a takeover by Musk could simply give United another set of problems after years of neglect from the Glazers, who are wildly unpopular with supporters and have regularly been accused of denying the club the levels of attention it deserves. The Red Devils could do without an ultra-rich master troll at the helm, especially one who feels as though he can crack jokes at their expense with the simple aim of gaining likes on social media. JUST IN: Gary Neville told Dele Alli to 'sort himself out' but it was ignored Musk's recent ownership of Twitter has been something of a circus and it seems as though he would only be bringing the show over to United by purchasing the club, with the other interested parties likely to harbour more of a genuine interest in helping the Red Devils to develop both on and off the pitch.It remains to be seen which owners United will eventually end up getting, with the Glazer-appointed Raine Group poised to accelerate the process of finding a buyer over the course of this month. The club's asking price has reportedly been set at around £5billion and it has been reported that a final decision could be made by as quickly as March if the first official bids are submitted as expected in the coming days. United legend Gary Neville has already insisted that any potential suitors will need to have the club's best interests at heart in order to be successful in taking over from the Glazers, telling Sky Sports: "The main thing is that the Glazers leave as soon as possible, the second thing is that the club needs to be now in good hands and with someone who has feelings for the club."Sir Jim Ratcliffe was born in Manchester and knows the area. If he wins it, there will be a lot of happy Manchester United fans as I think he'll want to do the right thing by the club. Beyond the Glazers leaving, I don't think United can afford to be with another investment fund where they're expecting a return on the money."That's what worries me about private equity coming into football. People are still looking for a return on their money and a return on their investment. Manchester United need a debt-free football club with someone who is willing to put money into it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.