A serial-killer-obsessed murderer was "manipulative" and "strange" growing up, friends have revealed as the mum-of-one begins her life sentence. Shaye Groves was jailed for a minimum of 23 years for the murder of her on-off boyfriend Frankie Fitzgerald. Now, former friends of Groves have revealed the disturbing traits she possessed in her childhood. One friend told The Mail she nicknamed a friend 'Chucky' after the murderous doll. The friend who remains anonymous said: "We used to hang out. Shaye was quite strange. She was unique, the way she dressed, what she was into - she used to like Chucky dolls and was interested in them." She said the 27-year-old was "never a girly girl" and dressed in dark clothes from a young age. "She's always been a bit strange," she added. She said that Groves became distant in recent years, spending more time with friends Lauren White and Vikki Baitup, who reported her to the police. Describing Groves relationship with friend Ms White the friend said she was "very manipulative". She added: "Lauren would do whatever Shaye wanted her to do. "She was very manipulative – Lauren didn't have many friends and Shaye used to be the one there for her." During the trial, the court heard of how Groves was obsessed with the true crime genre and even had framed photos of serial killers including Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Dahmer on her wall. She also collected books about gangsters and had a collection of knives and Viking axes in her bedroom, even keeping a dagger under her pillow, which she claimed was "for her own protection". READ MORE:UK's most dangerous places to live ranked in new map The court heard that a camera was set up in the defendant's room and she edited videos of the pair having sex to make it appear as though he raped her in a bid to portray herself as a victim of sexual violence. However, the prosecution said the original footage showed that the sex was consensual. Groves claimed she killed Mr Fitzgerald in self-defence and grabbed the dagger by mistake, thinking it was a money box. However, the court heard that Groves carried out the attack fueled by "jealously" after Groves found out Mr Fitzgerald was messaging who was thought to be a 13-year-old girl before stabbing him 22 times. The court heard that Groves rang a friend "giggling", showing her friend the body saying "I've done him". Mr Justice Kerr, sentencing said Groves had shown little remorse for the "senseless" murder. He said Groves lost her temper and "acted on impulse" on the night of the murder, calling it a "crime of passion".