It's no secret that Javi Gracia was not among the candidates initially considered for the Leeds job following the sacking of Jesse Marsch but the Spaniard has now won over the Elland Road hierarchy after impressing during his interview. The pragmatic tactician is set to take over the reins in Yorkshire ahead of Saturday's crunch relegation six-pointer against Southampton and has been assigned the target of keeping the Whites afloat in the battle for survival. The 52-year-old, who has managed 12 clubs in a vast range of countries including his homeland of Spain, Greece, Russia, England and Qatar, has never stayed with a side for longer than two seasons. While that does not bode well for the future at Leeds, it is clear the current situation at Elland Road will be reassessed at the end of the season when it's hoped they will preserve their Premier League status. Nonetheless, while there is no sense of longevity with the appointment of Gracia, they have seemingly acquired an intelligent, savvy, low-maintenance boss with top-flight experience in England. Yet what many people have actually forgotten is that during Gracia's time at Watford, whom he guided to the FA Cup final in 2019, he was actually briefly considered to replace Maurizio Sarri at Chelsea. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Back in May 2019, Express Sport reported that Gracia was among the names on Chelsea's shortlist to replace Sarri, who was set to part company with the Blues despite finishing third in the Premier League and winning the Europa League. The club's interest in Gracia's services was also documented by other outlets and reporters including Duncan Castles, who relayed that the Spaniard's amiableness was one of the reasons he had fallen under consideration at Stamford Bridge. He said on The Transfer Window podcast: “The thing with Gracia, it’s not just that he would be able to operate with the current squad - and he would do so in a non-complaining fashion, he’s not a manager who pushes for signings - he feels his great strength is on the coaching ground and he feels he can improve any group of players he works with. “And he’s demonstrated that in the past. He’s demonstrated it with Watford. That appeals to Chelsea a lot, as does the fact that he’s uncontroversial. “He is an amiable man who doesn’t bring your club into controversies in the press room. That’s important to Chelsea.” DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightChelsea owner Todd Boehly can go full Roman Abramovich with mind-blowing appointment Furthermore, Gracia had also been delivering results on the field. In addition to reaching the FA Cup final, they finished 11th during the 2018/19 - some 16 points clear of relegation. Watford also finished 14th the previous season after Gracia replaced Marco Silva in January 2018 and his side thrashed Chelsea 4-1 in his first home game at Vicarage Road - a ruthless display that left a lasting impression on the Blues hierarchy. He was later sacked just four games into the 2019/20 season as his side sat bottom of the table but given all he had achieved in Hertfordshire, this felt like a brutal, needless dismissal in hindsight with the Hornets now battling for Premier League promotion in the Championship. While Gracia never landed the Chelsea hot-seat - which was later awarded to club legend Frank Lampard - his previous under-the-radar achievements and profile read favourably for Leeds, who may just have actually pulled off a very smart appointment. Reflections on social media suggest Whites supporters are actually satisfied with their new impending head coach after such a gruelling search for Marsch's successor. Supporters should not be deterred by Gracia's sacking at Watford, which unfairly clouds the good work he carried out at Vicarage Road during his 18-month tenure. Watford are notorious for their cut-throat approach to axing managers and who is to say Gracia wouldn't have turned things around after being handed his P45 just four matches into the campaign. He will quickly organise this underperforming Leeds side and provide them with a platform to put some points on the board in their final 15 matches of the season.