China may take the opportunity to attack Taiwan as US weapon supplies are "depleting" due to the war in Ukraine, an analyst has told Express.co.uk. The warning comes after President Joe Biden vowed continued military backing during an unexpected visit to Kyiv on Monday. Many NATO countries have been steadfast supporters of Ukraine since it was invaded by Russia on February 24, 2022. The weapons and aid provided by the US, UK and Europe have helped to beat back the invasion but the support has come at a cost. Not only have energy and food prices skyrocketed in many Western countries, NATO now finds itself giving its strategic supply of weaponry to an ally in need. Kervin Aucoin, a 15-year US military veteran, believes this "emboldens China in aggressively acting against Taiwan". He told Express.co.uk: "The US and NATO are depleting their weapon stockpiles and military supplies and will need time to replenish those." The owner of private intelligence company Aucoin Analytics said: "This is why some posit that China is on a 2025 timeline for the invasion of Taiwan. They do not want to miss the strategic advantage of having the upper hand militarily." General Mike Minihan, of the US Air Mobility Command, predicted that China would be ready for an invasion of Taiwan by 2025 in a leaked memo. The General said: "My gut tells me we will fight in 2025." However, if the US were to cut aid to Kyiv, Beijing may seize the opportunity to launch an invasion of Taiwan before 2025 while military stockpiles are still low. "If the US were to discontinue support for Ukraine, China may view that as a reason to speed up its timeline for invasion so the US cannot replenish those stockpiles," Aucoin said. The Biden Administration's support for Ukraine is not waning, despite calls from some US politicians to cut it back. In fact, the President's visit to the capital was a reinforced symbol of solidarity with President Volodymyr Zelensky. Mykola Volkivskyi, a former advisor to Ukraine's Parliament, said if Putin succeeds in his invasion of Ukraine, it would also give Beijing the green light. "Beijing would receive an unambiguous signal - the leadership of the West has ended, it is time to restore the unity of China," Volkivskyi told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: US warns of 'consequences' as China poised to send weapons to Putin  If a war were to break out between the US and China in the near future, he agreed Washington could face "numerous problems", including shortages of military hardware. However, he pointed out that the US had been supplying Taipei with weapons for decades and argued conflict would likely be limited to the Taiwan Strait, focusing on amphibious warfare compared to the "continental" conflict in Ukraine. "The difference between the situation in Ukraine and Taiwan is that the Americans would not be able to use the same types of weapons and equipment that they supply to Ukraine," he said. "Taiwan has been armed with American systems for decades. So the statement that the Americans would not have enough ammunition for a war with China is not correct at all." Volkivskyi added that the "faster Ukraine can win the war, the faster the security situation in the Indo-Pacific region will improve" due to the US being able to free up assets.  DON'T MISS:Joe Biden pictured in Poland for Ukraine speech after Putin threat [INSIGHT]Twisted Putin puts nuclear weapons on high alert with threat to West [ANALYSIS]Sex worker arrested over brothel shooting is former 'Hustler' model [REPORT] Biden has been vocal in his support of both Ukraine and Taiwan. Previously, the President said outright that the US would come to Taiwan's defence if it were attacked, something his aides veered back on. Traditionally, the US maintains a stance of strategic ambiguity on the issue: supporting Taiwan while not pledging to come to its defence. Tensions between Washington and Beijing have soared of late, first with former-Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi's visit to the island last year and, more recently, due to a surveillance balloon which traversed the US before being shot down over South Carolina on February 4. China sees Taiwan as a rogue province and Xi Jinping has made the island a central issue in Chinese politics. For now, the US will continue to support Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression, and, more quietly, the island of Taiwan as China watches America's response to Putin. 