The royal property Hampton Court Palace has been reported to have more than a thousand rooms. Currently owned by King Charles and the Crown, the property is one of only two surviving palaces that was owned by King Henry VIII, and will be explored on tonight's episode of Secrets of the Royal Palaces on Channel 5.  The palace sits on the north bank of the Thames, where the city begins to turn into rolling countryside. The beautiful palace started to be built back in 1514 and was one of Henry’s favourite residences. An impressive towering structure, it has 241 chimneys, 1,390 rooms, five internal courtyards and a floor area of 47,330 square metres. Plus, it's surrounded by 60 acres of formal gardens and a further 750 of parkland. It's difficult to convey just how big Hampton Court Palace really is - but the kitchens are a good indication. READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  Back in Henry VIII's day, they would have to feed 1,200 courtiers, producing up to 1,600 meals a day. In an average year of Elizabeth I's reign, they would prepare the meat of 14,453 animals, mainly sheep. That equates to 40 a day. With its Tudor and Baroque architecture, Hampton Court was always intended as a place of decadence and was a royal residence for more than 200 years. In its 500 years of existence, it remains a source of intrigue. Nowadays, the palace is owned by the King "in Right of Crown", which means that he holds it in trust for the next monarch, and cannot sell it. The government is responsible for the management of Hampton Court Palace.  This stately building can be found in East Molesey, Surrey, around 12 miles southwest of Central London. It lies on the Thames, bordering Kingston upon Thames and Twickenham. The nearest station is Hampton Court, which is five minutes away on foot. Trains run every 30 minutes from Waterloo. The good news is that Hampton Court is in Zone 6, so royal fans can use their Oyster Card on the train. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet Hampton Court is 500 years old and served as a royal residence from the 1530s under Henry VIII until 1737. It was opened to the public in 1838 by Queen Victoria and attracts almost a million visitors per year. The palace, which was built to be as lavish as possible, features kitchens so big that they prepared up to 1,600 meals a day at their peak, and the Great Hall, adorned by tapestries, where Henry VIII held his banquets. Inside, there's also an extensive art collection, featuring pieces by Rembrandt, Caravaggio and van Dyck.  Yes, and there are rumours that the palace is haunted. Henry VIII's third wife, Jane Seymour, died from post-birth complications at Hampton Court, a few days after giving birth to Edward VI. On the anniversary of Edward's birth in October, a pale figure supposedly appears near the room where Jane died. She's not the only one of Henry's wives to reportedly come back to haunt him either. His fifth wife, Catherine Howard, was arrested at Hampton Court and taken to the Tower of London to be executed in 1542. Although Catherine did not die at the palace, her ghost is said to run along what is now known as the Haunted Gallery, screaming to the King for mercy. Secrets of the Royal Palaces airs tonight at 7:50pm on Channel 5 