Prince Harry revealed in his tell-all memoir, Spare, how he was accused of cheating in his some of his important school tests and he desperately wanted to set the record straight. But the now 38-year-old said the Palace denied him the opportunity to hold a press conference to squash the spiralling accusations. Writing in his book, the Duke of Sussex said: "I was accused of cheating. An art teacher came forward with evidence of cheating, which turned out not to be evidence of cheating. "It turned out to be nothing at all, and I was later cleared by the exam board. But the damage was done." Harry revealed how the accusation had a big impact on him and he was keen to ensure people knew the truth. He wrote: "The accusation stuck. Brokenhearted, I wanted to release a statement, hold a press conference, tell the world: I did the work! I didn’t cheat! The Palace wouldn’t let me. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry told to 'move back to the UK' as Americans turn on the Sussexes "In this, as in most things, the Palace stuck fast to the family motto: Never complain, never explain. Especially if the complainer was an eighteen-year-old boy. "Thus I was forced to sit by and say nothing while the papers called me a cheat and a dummy every day." In 2005, when Harry was just eighteen, a school teacher at Eton was accused of helping Harry, even allegedly completing the work for him. His former art teacher previously claimed, at the time, that she was "profoundly shocked" when she was asked by another team to help Harry and the teacher in question repeatedly denied the accusations too. DON'T MISS Being a royal was 'too cr***y' for Harry and Meghan - US journalist [OPINION]Forgotten historic European monarchy and where its members are today [REVEALED]Meghan and Harry 'aren't invited anywhere' [LATEST] In his tell-all memoir, Harry documented many memories from his youth, right up until his life in the present day as a husband and father-of-two. Harry started the book from the moment he found out, from his father, about his late mother's tragic death. In Harry's words, he was woken up by his father who "sat on the edge of the bed and put his hand on my knee". Princess Diana died following injuries she sustained from a car accident in Paris, when she was aged 36. Harry was just 12 when he lost his mother. As stated on Penguin Random House's official website, Spare is an "intimate and heartfelt memoir", which has been translated into 16 languages. The audiobook version, which is read by Harry, was also released on January 10.