Britons on fixed-rate energy deals that are about to expire will see their standing charges increase by up to 100 percent from April if they are switched to their energy company's standard variable tariff. Standing charges are a daily fee applied to everyone's energy bills which pay for supply and distribution costs and to protect consumers whose company has gone bust, but millons could save £47 a month during the cost of living crisis. EDF customer Stephen Ball was shocked to find his standing charge for electricity will increase by 102 percent to 45.76p a day when his fixed-price tariff ends. He is calling for standing charges to be frozen after working out this equates to around £96 a year being added to his bill. “I’m fully aware of the rise in basic energy costs due to the conflict in Ukraine, and was expecting a significant price increase per energy unit, but it seems to me, that at a time when bills are so excessive, the standing charge should be frozen," he told The Guardian. Mr Ball isn't the only one who thinks standing charges should be frozen - or even scrapped entirely.  The Fuel Poverty Action (FPA) group is calling for standing charges to be abolished and says more than 80 percent of people support its calls for the abolition of standing charges. The charity recently wrote to industry regulator Ofgem, saying standing charges should be scrapped to help people stave off fuel poverty. Meanwhile, EDF said it doesn't profit from the standing charge which pays for fixed supply and distribution costs which have risen by more than 86 percent in the last year. Energy regulator Ofgem said suppliers are free to set their own standing charge as long as it does not exceed the energy price cap. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [ALERT]Top 3 high interest easy access, fixed and regular savings accounts [UPDATE]Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy [WARNING] Meanwhile, UK households are spending £47 a month on energy bills while they sleep. Nearly one in ten households – two million homes – don’t limit how often their heating can come on and leave the temperature of their home to be controlled by their thermostat. Natalie Mathie, energy expert at Uswitch.com, said: “It’s easy to overlook how much energy your household is using while you’re sleeping, but it can all add up. “If your heating is coming on in the middle of the night when you’re tucked up under your duvet, that might be money down the drain."   She continued: “Make sure you’re using a timer on the heater, and check that it’s only set to come on when you want it to. "If you work from home some days, but go to the office on others, adjust the settings so the house is heated when you’re there to feel the benefit “You can’t always tell if changing your habits is making a difference until you see your bill – unless you track your usage. "People using the Utrack app, which connects to their smart meter, can see the impact on their bills with hourly graphs, comparing gas and electricity use by day, week, month and year.”  Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis has written to the Chancellor Jeremy Hunt urging him to postpone a rise in energy bills warning another 1.7million will fall into fuel poverty if it goes ahead. Speaking on Radio 4’s Today programme Mr Lewis said: “The nation is already shivering with the damage of the cost-of-living crisis and it just seems to me there is no need to do this. “I would ask the Chancellor to postpone this rise. "To put this national act of harm of increasing the price guarantee for just three months, to throw another 1.7million people into fuel poverty taking it to 8.4 million, it seems unnecessary."  