Noye stabbed 21-year-old Stephen Cameron to death in a road rage attack on an M25 slip road in 1996. After fleeing to Spain with the aid of underworld contacts, he was caught and jailed – thanks to the evidence of Stephen’s girlfriend Danielle Cable. She lives under an assumed identity for fear of a revenge attack and can only see her family twice a year. But Noye, now a 75-year-old grandfather, is free and basking in the fame of being portrayed as a charismatic villain in new BBC drama The Gold. Noye, who was released in 2019, has spoken out for the first time in a new book by Donal MacIntyre and Karl Howman. He says: “She [Danielle] gave honest evidence at the trial. I am truly sorry for her loss, and I am glad she has moved on with her life. “She may not believe me, but I do want to say this. I am not a danger to her in any respect. I was never a danger to her, and there was never a million-pound price on her head, as the police suggested. She should be able to fully enjoy her family and friends because there are no threats to her from me.” He adds: “I am devastated at Stephen’s death and the circumstances around it.” Danielle was 17 when she saw her fiance stabbed by Noye, who was out of jail on licence after serving time for handling gold from the £26million Brink’s-Mat robbery in 1983. Noye had been on his way to a pub meet friends – and still made the date. Noye also stabbed Detective Constable John Fordham to death in 1985 as cops tried to prove he helped fence the gold – but was acquitted on grounds of self-defence. Ex-Detective Superintendent Nick Biddiss, who led the hunt for Noye after he fled the UK, said: “Kenneth Noye is a career criminal who has no compunction to use violence. “He is trying to convince people he’s a reformed character. I don’t think that’s ever going to be the case. “I was told that there was a credible threat to her [Danielle] at the time. She was instrumental in making sure he got convicted of murder. “Kenneth Noye has been out for four years and yet Danielle is still living in witness protection. Is that fair? Of course it’s not.” In the book, Noye also meets the now retired police chief who brought him to justice over the Brink’s-Mat gold – but the crook still claims he never touched the gold.