A 30-year-old aspiring actress had her jaw broken after a homeless man punched her in the face, was diagnosed with cancer while receiving treatment and later was run over in the hospital car park while heading to get radiation. In a TikTok video that has since become viral, Alli McLaren shared her tales of woe sarcastically noting she is "that friend that lives that ‘can’t catch a break dramatic lifestyle'." McLaren, who is originally from Australia but lived in Los Angeles, said she was randomly attacked while walking down the street in October 2021. McLaren said: "I was randomly walking in downtown LA back to work and got punched in the face by a homeless person." She said she sought medical care at a nearby urgent care facility and was told she "looked fine" and sent home. Months later she once again asked for medical advice after her teeth began to fall off, which the doctor advised was the result of a broken jaw. McLaren had to have surgery following a failed attempt to rewire the jaw shut but developed pneumonia. JUST IN: Hunter Biden finally admits 'laptop from hell' IS his as POTUS' son demands criminal probe She continued: "That broke my jaw and then I had to get jaw surgery to fix it, and my immune system was super weak. "I ended up getting an infection and getting pneumonia. When I had pneumonia, I was super lightheaded and I fell and I hit my head and which led to a brain injury, and then we found a tumour in my brain. "Then I had to get surgery to get the tumour out and it didn't get all the tumour out." Because of the residual noncancerous cells, doctors prescribed radiation therapy which led to the "unluckiest woman in the world's" most recent health issue. READ MORE: Inside Trump 2024 launch: MAGA base ‘reinvigorated’ but 'loss of mojo' gives DeSantis hope She said: "I had to start radiation and I was walking to my radiation treatment the other day at the hospital and, in front of the hospital, I got run over by a car. They ran a stop sign." The incident left the aspiring actress with two broken feet. McLaren said the attack which kickstarted the string of bad luck had left her "very uncomfortable" with walking down the street and her ongoing health issues forced her to resign from her job. She added: "I have really struggled to be honest. I’ve had both really bad depression and anxiety. DON'T MISS: Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] "I also get really uncomfortable walking near people on the street because I don’t trust anyone. "I got demoted from my job because I had to work from home so much and I ended up leaving after that, so financially it’s been a strain. “I have nowhere near as many friends as I used to. I stopped responding to messages and stopped showing up at places. "A lot of the time I’m super tired and just have no energy. I used to be super social and now I just have a hard time leaving my house.”