Hugh Jackman has revealed he had the chance to take over one of Wrexham's rivals after Hollywood stars Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney bought the Welsh side. The A-lister actor, who has had an ongoing tongue-in-cheek rivalry with Reynolds for years, admitted that he could have taken it one step closer by having his own football team in the lower reaches of English football. In an interview with Laura Kuenssberg on her Sunday programme, the Australian actor joked that "to stick it to Ryan Reynolds" he would score the winning goal against Wrexham. He revealed: "I will admit to you that when Ryan bought that team, I did get more than one offer from rivals of that team for £1 to come in as a co-owner and it did seriously tempt me." The Wolverine star, who appeared in Deadpool 3 with Reynolds, refused to divulge which teams made the offer. The lifelong Norwich City fan added that he would love to annoy Reynolds by scoring against his beloved Wrexham. He added: "This whole thing of outsiders coming in and buying football teams, it feels a little, I don't know, easy. I have decided to go one step further, I am actually going to try out for the team. "I think if I really want to stick it to Ryan Reynolds, then if Wrexham get to play Norwich, because obviously there's a level here, I think it would be best if I was heading in the winner." Wrexham could see themselves promoted to the Football League this season as the Red Dragons fight it out with Notts County at the top of the National League. Reynolds and McElhenney also enjoyed a thrilling FA Cup run, with Wrexham knocked out against former Premier League side Sheffield United in a fourth-round replay. It was another thrill-a-minute match between the teams, giving the pair plenty more material for 'Welcome To Wrexham', their critically-acclaimed behind-the-scenes TV series for Disney+. After the game, Reynolds, a Canadian-born actor, posted to his 21.1m followers on Twitter: "So proud of these boys. And the 4,000 plus away supporters who gave it all.'' McElhenney also took to the platform, writing: "I could not be more proud of those men than I am right now. They gave it absolutely everything.'' Since their takeover, Wrexham's stock has risen quite dramatically - something that could persuade Jackman into club ownership one day.  There has been: record ticket sales, an eye-catching shirt sponsorship deal with global social media platform TikTok, and a surprise inclusion in the FIFA video game franchise - the first-ever club from the fifth tier to appear in the series. The club's social media channels also boomed in popularity - with an increase in followers week-on-week since they arrived. Since the inclusion of Reynolds and McElhenney, the club's Twitter soared from 80,000 followers to a staggering 367,000. And following the announcement of TikTok as their new front-of-shirt sponsors, and the launch of the club's own channel on the site, Wrexham have gained over half a million followers on the platform since. Incredibly, the Welsh side have 17,000 more followers - 669,000 in total - than Premier League high flyers Fulham.