The ex-Strictly Come Dancing judge, 67, jumped ship to ITV and joined Simon Cowell’s Britain's Got Talent crew alongside judges Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon. But Italian Bruno Tonioli has reportedly failed to conform to Cowell’s boundaries by bringing his larger than life personality to the role. Holden said of her new co-star: “He’s a wonderful ball of energy and in a good way he’s already broken every rule. "So much so that Simon will probably have to throw out any rulebook this year.” The 51-year-old Heart radio host did, however, have nothing but praise for Tonioli and how much fun he brings to the show as she promises the new series to be packed full of laughs. Offering a crude quip to future auditionees, she told Hello!: "If you’re playing a musical instrument through an unusual body part, please make sure you go to the toilet first." READ MORE: Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat Fellow judge Alesha, 44, agreed with Holden as she had also experienced Tonioli’s rule breaking and admitted he was "told off" for his animated display. Dixon even stepped in to urge him to sit back down during live auditions. But Toniolo declared he’s loving his new role and told The Sun: “I’ve had so much fun, I’ve already been told off. I’m loving it!’’ The former Ballroom and Latin dancer was drafted in to replace outgoing star David Walliams. Walliams quit the role after 10 years, accused of making "disrespectful comments" about contestants during breaks in filming the show. Walliams, one of the UK’s best-known television personalities and children’s book authors, was recorded referring to one contestant as a “c***” and saying of another: “She thinks you want to f*** her, but you don’t.” He apologised for his comments at the time, explaining in a statement: “These were private conversations and - like most conversations with friends - were never intended to be shared. Nevertheless, I am sorry." The offensive remarks were made during a recorded audition show at the London Palladium in January 2020. DON'T MISS...Amanda Holden wows as she crawls on all fours in tiny black dress [PICTURES]Ant's 'disgusting habit' mocked by Dec as he's forced to change outfit [INSIGHT]Amanda Abbington opens up on romance after Martin Freeman split [INSIGHT] Walliams' replacement has proved nothing but a headache for executive show producer Simon Cowell. The 67-year-old allegedly pressed the golden buzzer twice, instead of once when filming for the ITV talent show. The golden buzzer means the contestant will be sent straight through to the live finals. The mistake led to claims Cowell "regrets" welcoming Bruno Tonioli to the Britain's Got Talent judging panel. But it appears after Cowell discussed the blunder with production company Freemantle and agreed to stand by the buzzer and allowed the contestant through to the live finals. A source told The Sun: "It was madness. The buzzer worked but there was no glitter in the cannon above the stage as it had already been used up. "A producer raced over to try to tell Bruno he couldn’t do that. Then there were discussions with the top execs and Simon, who had his head in his hands." But the Italian star further fuelled the producers’ frustrations as he apparently admitted to having never watched the show before — so was seemingly confused over the show format. Meanwhile, future fame hungry hopefuls have lined up for the 16th season of BGT with the team wrapping up auditions at The London Palladium before heading north to Manchester for the first time since the pandemic. Viewers of the show are expected to have to wait until the Spring for the show to air, with no official launch date set, but past series typically get underway in the first or second week of April and the finale usually takes place at the start of June.