Last year, it was revealed Abi (played by Sally Carman) and Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo) had a one-night stand with each other, resulting in the mechanic falling pregnant. Before the revelation, she fell back into taking drugs and fought hard to get herself back on track for her son. Imran later died after a horrific crash involving his wife Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor), giving Abi the happy ending she fought hard for. However, Coronation Street writer Iain McLeod has warned drama always finds a way of getting to Abi. Speaking to Express.co.uk about what is in store for Abi and Kevin, Iain explained: "Happiness more than sadness. "It's difficult because with that character she is the sort of thing where she can start a story in an empty room but that is normally bad news for that character. "So she becomes a key confidant to one of the youngsters in the big, socially responsible issue type story and she becomes somebody's surrogate mom. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit "Then has really big dilemmas to face about whose version of events does she believe and who does she side with and it causes her to investigate her own history of substance misuse and things like that over the years. "There's loads to play with in that story and then beyond that, there's a couple of things on the table, which we're toying with. "It essentially involves Abi reconnecting with somebody from her past who transpires to be the last possible person you'd expect to find in Abi's backstory. "And again, it would be a massive culture clash kind of comedy about Abi, meeting somebody from her past that she's got this historical connection with who is like the polar opposite and it's this odd couple story. "So what's in the pipeline and we're very keen to see Abi happy. We want her and Kevin to be happy, but never too happy because we don't want it to be boring." Abi could be faced with the reunion of her son Seb Franklin's (Harry Visioni) father, Tez Wyatt (Stephen Lord). Tez was the one who introduced Abi into the world of drugs after making his money in the drug dealing business. However, she could also come face to face with her abusive ex-boyfriend Darren who is the father of her twins Charlie and Lexi. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will [WATCH]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise double exit as fans 'work out' how Neville leaves [LATEST] Over the last couple of years, viewers have seen Abi give up her twins, lose her son Seb to murder, cheat on Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) and relapse. However, after turmoil, she was given a small reprieve when she was given the chance to raise her son under close supervision and with the help of Kevin who admitted he still loved her. Feeling drained for the character, Sally admitted she felt happy with the final outcome and pleased she was getting a break. She told Digital Spy: "The brilliant thing about the producers is that unless you actually specifically ask [what’s coming up], they don’t tell you. "I never ask because I can’t hold my own water, so the less I know, the better! Or else I’d just be telling you everything – which might be good for you, not so good for me. "So I actually don’t know, but I know that it’s gone quite quiet script-wise. So I’m guessing that she’s going to be happy for a bit. Which suits me fine! "I’ve had so many big storylines, I think people need a break. So I’m quite happy to take a back seat for a bit." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.