Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is currently gearing up for Thursday night’s crunch clash with Barcelona. And the Red Devils are poised to go strong as they go in search of Europa League glory. Express Sport now takes a look at how we expect the Dutchman to line up his side for the mouthwatering showdown at Old Trafford. There are still some question marks over the long-term future of David De Gea and his suitability to this United side. But the Spain international is still going strong at the age of 32 and is set to start between the sticks. De Gea showed he’s still got what it takes to be No 1 with a terrific performance against Leicester on Sunday, making two excellent saves from Kelechi Iheanacho and Harvey Barnes. United are thought to still be in the market for a new goalkeeper this summer. But De Gea, if he continues to shine, can save the club millions in that department. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford At the start of the season, United were leaking goals. But the partnership of Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez has flourished ever since and they’re both expected to start against Barcelona. Varane is primed to come in at the expense of Victor Lindelof, who was given a rare start over the weekend. And Aaron Wan-Bissaka should replace Diogo Dalot due to his defensive ability, having won Ten Hag’s trust. Luke Shaw is likely to keep his place at left-back for the showdown, with the England international currently in fine fettle. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Marcel Sabitzer hasn’t put a foot wrong since joining United on loan from Bayern Munich. But despite impressing against Leicester, it’s likely the Austria international will be benched given Casemiro’s availability. The Brazil international impressed against Barcelona last week and should partner up with Fred. Then, playing further ahead of the pair, is likely to go Wout Weghorst. The Netherlands international is a striker by trade but has provided the team with a pressing presence ever since his move from Burnley last month. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Bruno Fernandes is undroppable on current form. And despite being used out wide against Leicester, he still managed to create nine big chances with a fine performance at Old Trafford. Another player impressing the planet right now is Marcus Rashford, too. The England international prefers to play on the left but, given how well he performed against Barcelona up top last week and against Leicester on Sunday, is primed to be used as a centre-forward. Jadon Sancho produced an eye-catching cameo against the Foxes and, therefore, is expected to come in as a replacement for Alejandro Garnacho. In the build-up to United’s clash with Barcelona, Ten Hag enjoyed the company of Sir Alex Ferguson. The pair met for dinner in Manchester, with images surfacing online. And Ten Hag has spoken about their chat, saying: “It is massive (to have his support). “I enjoy to speak with people with massive knowledge and experience it. "He wants to share it, he wants to help and support. Manchester United is his club and he feels so committed. "He wants us to be doing well. It was a great night."