Pink, 43, has been busy promoting her new album, TRUSTFALL, after being named as the most-played female artist in Britain. Speaking to Jessie Ware and her mother, Lennie, on their podcast, the hitmaker shared the unusual story of when she met Jamiroquai's leading man, Jay Kay, 53. Pink appeared on the first episode of the new series of Table Manners. Near the end of the conversation, the mother and daughter duo asked Pink if she had ever been to a meal that she remembered, even if it was for all the wrong reasons. Pink then recalled the "weird run-in" she had with Jamiroquai's leading man that resulted in Jay "flipping a table" before even speaking a word to the singer. She said: "I had a weird run-in with Jamiroquai, who I love. READ MORE: Chris Evans gives up 'very special' Jaguar previously owned by Queen "He sat in the corner and stared at me all night and then when I started talking to my manager for the 85th time he flipped a table and left. "But there were no words exchanged and I'm still not sure what I did." This comes after Pink also spoke out about her relationship with Madonna, claiming that the singer "doesn't like" her. Howard Stern asked her if she got along with big stars like the Material Girl hit singer, with Pink quickly replying: "No. Madonna doesn't like me." Stern then asked the singer to elaborate on the subject, with Pink adding: "Some people just don't like me. I'm a polarizing individual." Stern then quipped: "Madonna's a polarizing individual." Pink agreed, seemingly thinking back to the days she idolized her as a child, before explaining why she thinks Madonna doesn't like her. She said: "She tried to kind of play me on Regis And Kelly and I'm not the one so. I didn't work out. DON'T MISS... Helen Mirren finally explains skipping BAFTA Awards red carpet [COMMENT] A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman shares husband's devastating video [INSIGHT] Paris Hilton and husband unveil baby boy's unusual mythological name [HOLLYWOOD] "I f***ing love Madonna, and I love her no matter what. I still love her no matter what. "She was such an inspiration to me, but it sort of got twisted around that I was like fangirling and was dying to meet Madonna when in actuality she invited me into her dressing room. "And so, I just told a joke when Regis brought me out and said, 'I heard you were just falling over yourself backstage [at a Madonna show}. How does it feel?'" Pink was recently revealed as the most-played female artist in the UK since the 21st century began, according to the music licensing company PPL. She appeared on yesterday's Lorraine where Pink was told about the incredible statistic by the host. Pink, shocked, responded: "Oh my god really, am I? That’s wild. "That’s a very strange sentence, I’m embarrassed! I don’t do well with positive reinforcement!" Behind the Just Give Me a Reason singers were singers including Madonna, Katy Perry, Rihanna, Beyonce and many more.