Anthony Joshua took spectators by surprise with his frank answer at the launch press conference for the Jermaine Franklin fight. When asked about his motivation for taking the bout, Joshua explained that it was all about ‘money’ but has since expanded on the comment by revealing that he will be using the cash to help others. Joshua is known for giving back and is an ambassador for multiple charities and community projects. During the COVID-19 pandemic, AJ made ‘substantial donations’ to support amateur boxing clubs after the sport received minimal government funding. He also regularly distributes chunks of his blockbuster paydays to those in need. Speaking about the power of money during an interview with iD Boxing, he said: “Because I can’t be around for people emotionally, I’m not there physically a lot because I’m away working and training. I look at it like I go to war, to bring harvest back, you go out you spend time conquering and you come bag with harvest and in today’s fashion that comes in the form of this paper note [cash]. “I can’t bring you ten cows, herd them across the motorway, like ‘here you go mate, here’s ten cows’. So, that’s where the motivation comes from being able to help people. There’s a lot of homeless people that I see so if you’ve got spare cash you can help. Honestly, it changes people’s whole week, year, I give people money and they are flabbergasted. “So, that’s where the motivation comes from because I know what it can do for people. I’m not saying like, ‘yes money for me’ because I’m in training camp so whether I’ve got a grand in my pocket or a million when you’re in training camp it’s here nor there because you’re not living that life but what you can do for others is amazing.” This comes after Joshua’s candid reply at yesterday’s press event: "Money, money, money. I like making money, straight up. This is a prize-fighting sport. I've been broke, my family has been broke, I know what this s**t means and I do it like, because I'm good at it and I hustle hard. And when it's all said and done no one will care about me no more so I gotta make the most of it from here." MORE BOXING NEWS... Haye 'reunites' with throuple as Healy shares snaps from getaway Joshua v Franklin undercard given boost as two title fights added Blind boxer to debut against fully sighted foe in extraordinary fight Joshua and Franklin square off on April 1 at the O2 Arena, London in a non-PPV event live on DAZN. Two fights have been added to the undercard so far: Felix Cash vs Matteo Signani for the European middleweight title and a crunch clash between Craig Richards and Ricards Bolotniks at 175lb.