Death in Paradise returned to screens with Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) fighting to prove his innocence. However, his time was running out as all of the evidence pointed to him being guilty, until the very end of the episode. After Neville teased he may be leaving Sainte Marie, fans believe they know who will take his place.  The new episode saw Karen Flitcroft (Jaye Griffiths) from the Department of Policing Standards coming to Sainte Marie to find out more about Neville's arrest. There was no messing around for the detective as she jumped straight into looking at the evidence against Neville. She had very little sympathy for those who believed he was innocent as she believed she had the facts in front of her. However, Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) stood his ground and continued to vouch for his colleague. Karen was proven wrong at the end of the series as the real murderer was revealed. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles addresses Neville Parker's future Neville worked out it was his girlfriend Sophie Chambers (Chelsea Edge) who had been playing him all along. She was in fact the sister of Grace Wanslow, who had been charged for a crime in Manchester and had taken her own life in prison. Karen felt guilty that she had misjudged Neville and his team, and handed the case back over to Selwyn. She said she had planned to take some time out of work to clear her head, but viewers believe she could be sticking around. Taking to Twitter, they were convinced she would be Neville's replacement after the teaser for the finale said he planned to leave Sainte Marie. Neil said: "Neville going and being replaced by the visiting DI is my guess #deathinparadise" Liza Frank said: "Please, please, please can Jaye Griffiths be the next DI on the island!" TheVoiceofTreason added: "Leaving it open for Jaye Griffiths to return as the new DI in the next series?? #deathinparadise" Surviving2022 shared: "Think she could possibly end up as the new DI..... #DeathInParadise" DON'T MISS... Death In Paradise's Joséphine Jobert reacts to fan about show return Death in Paradise star hints Marlon Pryce turns back to criminal past Everything there is to know about Beyond Paradise Danielle commented: "Is Ralf Little leaving? Because if so, please tell me they’re setting Jaye Griffiths up to stay!! #DeathInParadise" Jakob Lumley shared: "Oh, and Jaye Griffiths is such a good actor. Really powerful presence onscreen." Towards the end of the episode, she told Selwyn: "I have updated my boss and he is happy for your team to continue without us from here. "I also told him that maybe I should take some time away from work, a rethink. "This job I do, seeing bad people day in, day out, you stop noticing the good ones." She shook hands with Selwyn before getting into the car and Selwyn wished her good luck. Now that the commissioner has seen her skill and dedication, he may call her back during a time of need. If he needs to find a quick replacement, he may call upon someone with Karen's level of experience and expertise. The actress is also known for her roles in The Bill, Doctors, Casualty and Holby City.  Death in Paradise returns to BBC One on Friday at 9pm.