British leek supplies could be exhausted by April as it joins the list of fruit and vegetables running low in stock in the UK. Growers have warned this is the "most difficult season ever" as supermarkets see a shortage of leeks, tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers - with apples and pears likely to join the list in coming weeks. The National Farmers' Union warned of "rationing" before supermarkets began limiting the sale of certain vegetables due to a lack of imports and high energy costs. The Leek Growers Association said shoppers will have to rely on alliums grown abroad through May and June as local supplies run low. They warned that some people may have to go without traditional British-grown leeks on St David's Day on March 1, relying instead on imported leeks to make traditional dishes such as Welsh cawl, leek and potato soup or a Wrexham bake. "Leek farmers are facing their most difficult season ever due to the challenging weather conditions," Tim Casey, chairman of the Leek Growers Association, said. "Our members are seeing yields down by between 15% and 30%. We are predicting that the supply of homegrown leeks will be exhausted by April, with no British leeks available in the shops during May and June, with consumers having to rely on imported crops."   And it's not just leeks that could be affected by the shortages, with pears and apples likely to follow suit. Ali Capper, head of the British Apples & Pears trade association which represents about 80% of the industry in the UK, said 1million new trees would have to be planted each year to maintain the UK’s 5,500 hectares (13,590 acres) of production. Farmers had planned on ordering 480,000 apple and pear trees but this has been cut to 330,000. Capper said the key reason for the lack of investment was “supermarket returns that are unsustainable”. DON'T MISS:Five leftover foods you can grow for ‘free’ this spring [INSIGHT]'I visited major supermarkets to see how bad the veg shortage is' [COMMENT]EU citizens tease UK shoppers with supermarket photos [PICTURES] She said fruit growers' costs had increased by about 23% as the cost of picking, energy, haulage and packaging had risen but that was being met by a less than 1% increase in returns. “This is a very serious situation,” Capper told the Guardian. “The future of apple and pear growing in the UK is seriously in doubt.” Thérèse Coffey, the environment minister, said on Thursday she expected the shortages of some fresh food items to last for up to a month, but some British growers say the shortages could last until May. 