There’s nothing worse than going to use a towel and being met with a scratchy, hard piece of fabric. Towels need a warm soak and gentle care in order to remain fluffy and soft. However, they often end up being overloaded with harsh detergents which strips them of their softness. Over-drying in a tumble dryer that’s too hot can also dry them out and cause them to turn hard. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple method for making hard towels soft again. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: 5 ‘common’ kitchen cabinet mistakes to ‘avoid’ to achieve a ‘high end’ On one such group, Facebook user Hannah Crookes asked: “I live in a very hard water area and have to use fabric softener in my washing. However, I don’t use it when washing towels. “But my towels have still gone hard. Any ideas how I can get the nice and fluffy again please?” The post was inundated with responses but the most suggested method was to use white vinegar in the washing machine. Susan Ridout said: “I read recently that a cup of white vinegar in the final rinse removes old soap residue and fluffs up the fibres.” DON'T MISS‘Effective remedy’ to remove yellow pillow stains - avoid using bleach [INSIGHT]3 gardening ‘mistakes’ which ‘knock thousands’ off your home’s value [UPDATE]I put Meaco’s dehumidifier to the test to dry laundry - thoughts [ANALYSIS] Sarah Jenssen commented: “Vinegar in a rinse followed by a tumble dry.” Alison Henderson simply wrote: “White vinegar.” Claire Masterton posted: “Soda crystals in the drum and white vinegar in place of fabric softener. “Tumble dry if possible with some dryer balls. Will bring them up fluffy.” White vinegar can be found in most supermarkets or can be bought online. READ MORE: £1 kitchen item ‘works a treat’ at removing ‘tarnishing’ from cutlery Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  White vinegar is often used in cleaning products because the acidic nature of the substance can dissolve mineral deposits, dirt and grease. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included not using fabric softener, using laundry sanitiser, putting woolly balls in the tumble dryer and soda crystals. Terry Jan Owen said: “I read that fabric softener really does no good so I stopped using it and my washing is soft and cleaner.” Gill Brears replied: “I put laundry sanitiser in the fabric softener drawer, my new towels have stayed soft and fluffy.” Kathleen Hanlon commented: “Get some woolly balls from Home Bargains and put them in the tumble dryer.” Rhoda Obee wrote: “I tumble dry mine for five minutes to get rid of the hard texture.” Jan Renfree said: “Soda crystals in the washer drawer.” Marlene Bevis replied: “Put them in the tumble dryer for 10 minutes.”