 In the run-up to Rihanna’s Super Bowl debut, Piers Morgan, 57, reached out to the singer on Twitter, noting he is “ready for that interview” she agreed to years ago. During her halftime show the Umbrella hitmaker revealed she is pregnant with her second child, ushering in some rare praise from the journalist.   On Sunday morning, Piers took to Twitter as he found a 2012 thread marking one of his first interactions with Rihanna, 34. At the time, the rising pop star had just adopted her now iconic pixie cut and the journalist was seemingly less than keen on it. The singer tweeted, quoting Piers as saying: “PS I think Rihanna needs to grow her hair back. Fast.” In a similar ton, Rihanna added her own brutal response: “Grow a d**k…Fast!” READ MORE: Piers Morgan begs Ricky Gervais to host Brits as viewers 'switch off cringefest' show  The Talk TV host was quick to make the most of the moment as he replied: “This a good time to ask for an interview?” Rihanna seemingly agreed, writing back: “Haaa! Only if it’s not about cosmetics! “Ph**k yeah Let’s do it!” Piers resurfaced the decade-old Twitter thread as he wished the singer luck for her landmark performance on Sunday.     He added: “Good luck at the Super Bowl today Rihanna – ready for that interview whenever you are.” The tweet quickly caused some tension in Piers’ comments section, as Twitter users claimed he was utilising the singer’s popularity to “make it all about himself”. However, many dubbed the thread “an iconic interaction”, with one branding Piers “a genius” as well. Throughout the evening, Piers turned his focus more toward the game at hand until it was announced that the singer is pregnant.  Rihanna teased the announcement during her show, as her red jumpsuit was unzipped, showing off what many believed to be a baby bump which she gently caressed at one point too. Once the news was confirmed by the Love The Way You Lie singer’s representatives, Piers updated his eight million Twitter followers. He wrote alongside a snap of the singer during her performance: “BREAKING: ⁦Rihanna⁩ IS pregnant, her aides have confirmed. “So she did that half-time show while carrying a baby which is pretty damn impressive. Congrats ⁦Rihanna.”  Some fans referred back to his earlier tweet, sarcastically asking if they should “wait for the interview” to find out more about the announcement. Piers’ praise for the singer also caused some backlash as many pointed out “it is not uncommon” for women to “work until the baby is due”. Others labelled the journalist “Captain Obvious”, as Rihanna’s baby bump had sparked rumours and theories from the first moment she was spotted on stage. The singer’s representatives confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter that the Diamonds singer is pregnant shortly after her Halftime performance ended.