Football commentator Darren Fletcher has revealed that he was quickly rushed to hospital in the early hours of Wednesday morning after suffering from anaphylactic shock. The 50-year-old, who is the lead commentator for BT Sport, said on Twitter that he had been struggling to breathe and was taken to Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham as a result. Fletcher wrote: "Had anaphylactic shock in the early hours which was quite scary - it was a reaction to something. Struggled to breathe and stuff but the staff at the QMC have been brilliant. The adrenaline was interesting! Hoping to be home later." The BT Sport commentator also posted a photo of himself in a hospital bed to his Instagram story before following up with an image of him smiling while undergoing treatment. A number of well-wishes flooded in via social media, with fellow broadcaster Matt Smith tweeting: "V glad to hear you’re on mend and in good hands mate." JUST IN: Chelsea unveil Fernandez after deadline day as Blues pay record £107m Former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell also insisted that his thoughts were with Fletcher, writing: "Get well and stay safe Fletch! Absolutely fantastic people at the QMC too." Fletcher went on to thank his supporters with another tweet, which read: "Thanks for the messages - they’ve perked me up no end and lots have made me laugh. It’s very much appreciated." Anaphylactic shock is a severe and potentially life-threatening allergic reaction which can develop surprisingly quickly. It can occur within seconds or minutes of exposure to something that a person is allergic to, such as peanuts or bee stings. Fletcher, who was previously a director at National League oufit Notts County, has worked for BT Sport since 2013 and is one of the channel's best-known voices. He often commentates on matches in the Premier League, FA Cup and Champions League but has also covered other sports including baseball and boxing. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.