King Charles and Prince William are believed to have no intention of apologising to Prince Harry ahead of the Coronation. William is reportedly "incandescent" with rage, in particular about how his wife, the Princess of Wales, has been treated. Harry is understood to want some sort of private apology from his father and brother for the way the Sussexes have allegedly been treated. But King Charles and Prince William are said to have rejected Harry's demand. He is understood to want a summit with his father and brother ahead of the Coronation on May 6. A source, who is said to be a friend of the family, told MailOnline: "I hear William has no intention whatsoever of apologising and remains incandescent, especially around the way his wife, the Princess of Wales, has been treated." Another source told the Mirror: "There is still a huge amount of ill will boiling over in the family." King Charles's youngest son has thrown a number of claims and allegations against the Windsors, including that his brother William knocked him to the floor in an alleged attack sparked by comments the heir to the throne made about Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex. Harry also claimed in his memoir, Spare, that Camilla, Queen Consort, improved her public image as the other woman at his expense. The claims came after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were interviewed by US TV host Oprah Winfrey in 2021. Meghan then alleged an unidentified member of the Royal Family had made comments about how dark their then-unborn son Archie would be. Harry said previously that the ball is in the Royal Family's court over his attendance at the Coronation. READ ABOUT AN EARTHQUAKE IN WALES Asked if he would attend if he is invited, Harry told ITV in January: "There is a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open, the ball is in their court. "There's a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they are willing to sit down and talk about it." Royal author Tom Bower has said "people were sick" of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and that they would rather the couple would abandon any idea of coming to UK in May. Speaking to GB News, Mr Bower called the King a "weak" man for worrying about his youngest son. DON'T MISS: King Charles set to be the last sovereign for many, expert says [REPORT] Intimate revelations in Spare will 'have a massive effect' on Meghan [REVEALED] Camilla attack forces U-turn on Roald Dahl censorship [LATEST] He said: "I think if he allows Harry to come to the Coronation, it is going to ruin the Coronation. It'll be overshadowed by Harry's presence and Meghan's too. "So, I think Charles has to make a decision now. The King has to decide and I think that people are on the whole getting sick to death of Harry." But author Christopher Andersen suggested the Duke and Duchess will opt out of the Coronation. He said: "It's increasingly beginning to look as if Harry and Meghan might well opt out of the Coronation. "There are genuine security concerns, to be sure, and then there is the prospect of the Sussexes being roundly booed. "Harry and Megan are still licking their wounds over having been sidelined during the Queen's funeral. "It's highly doubtful they would be willing to face the prospect of that sort of public humiliation again, particularly on Archie's birthday." Harry and Meghan were booed as they arrived at St Paul's Cathedral to attend a service of thanksgiving for Queen Elizabeth II last summer. The couple were also cheered by people in a crowd outside the cathedral. Harry, 38, reportedly has an open invitation to all the Windsors' events as a member of the Royal Family. Insiders have said this still applies despite the Duke's Netflix documentary and the attacks in his memoir. Sussex biographer Omid Scobie claimed this week no-one knows Harry and Meghan's plans, adding the couple has yet to be invited and can’t make a decision until that happens.