People will be able to apply for the alternative funding route of the Government’s Energy Bills Support Scheme as an application portal launches today on the Government website. A dedicated customer helpline will also be available for those who do not have internet access. This follows the £600 energy support payments going out to all homes in Northern Ireland with a domestic energy supply with most households receiving the payment in January and February. Ministers have urged people to apply for the funds and to be wary of scams as fraudsters may try to deceive people into using fake websites to hand over their details. The Government will not provide links to the application portal or directly ask individuals to apply for the £600 payment. Minister at the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, Amanda Solloway, said: "Hundreds of thousands of households across Northern Ireland have already felt the benefit of our help with their energy bills, but this online portal is the final piece of the puzzle to make sure the final few who don’t have a direct relationship with an electricity supplier can apply for their £600 of support. READ MORE: Switching from variable to fixed rate tariff ‘not worth it’ despite energy bills hike “It's simple and easy to do and I want every household entitled to this to get your application in as soon as possible. The sooner you do, the sooner help can get to you.” When a household receives the payment will depend on when they apply, with payments to be delivered directly into a person’s bank account. Northern Ireland Secretary of State, Chris Heaton-Harris, said: “Welcome news for those Northern Ireland households without a direct relationship to a domestic energy supplier, with people able to apply for £600 support from today. “I urge all those eligible to apply online or to get in touch through the telephone helpline as soon as possible.” Those who have already received the £600 payment automatically through their electricity supplier do not need to apply. A typical household in Northern Ireland currently pays £1,950 a year on energy bills as the Government’s Energy Price Guarantee caps the unit price of energy. Bills are set to increase in April when the cap increases, with the policy to be in place for another year from then. Geoff Nuttall, head of Policy and Public Affairs at Northern Ireland Council for Voluntary Action (NICVA), said: “NICVA is pleased that people with no direct route to receiving help through an energy supplier will now get help through this new BEIS scheme. READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment - new details released “This intervention will provide some much-needed support at a difficult time. Our members have told us the difficulties they and the people they support are facing every day and how hard the sector is working to help people. “The rising cost of living is affecting everyone, but we know it impacts the most vulnerable in our society even more. “Especially if they’re not connected to the networks through which others have already received support. We welcome this new scheme to ensure much needed help reaches them too.” Other household bills are also increasing in April as mobile, broadband and water bills will go up. A £900 cost of living payment goes out to people on certain means-tested benefits over the coming financial year. Eligible people will receive the funds in three instalments of around £300 with the first payment arriving in spring 2023. Many benefit payments are also increasing by 10.1 percent from April and the state pension is rising by 10.1 percent. This means the full basic state pension is increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week while the full new state pension is going up from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. Keep up to date with the latest money news by following us on Twitter at @ExpressMoney_.