Ghanaian footballer Christian Atsu has been pulled from the rubble after a huge earthquake and several devastating aftershocks hit Turkey and northern Syria on Monday, as confirmed by his club manager. Hatayspor boss Mustafa Ozat claims that the former Newcastle United and Chelsea winger has been taken to hospital with injuries. The football world nervously waited for updates on Atsu's situation after he and Hatayspor sporting director, Taner Savut, were not initially discovered while team-mates and members of the club's technical staff were pulled from the wreckage on Monday. A huge 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit parts of Turkey and Syria in the early hours, followed by a massive second quake of 7.5. Search and rescue teams have been sent out to scour the region for survivors, with the current death toll thought to be approaching 5,000. Atsu was in action as recently as Sunday, scoring a sublime stoppage-time winner to beat Kasimpasa in the Turkish Super Lig. Reports emerged on Monday suggesting that the 31-year-old had been found, although they were unconfirmed by the club until Ozat spoke out on Tuesday. DON'T MISS: Leeds sack Jesse Marsch as internal boardroom tension grows  "I just had another meeting," he said, per journalist Yagiz Sabuncuoglu. "Christian Atsu was taken to hospital with injuries." Savut's situation remains critical, however, as Ozat added: "He is unfortunately still under the rubble. We are coming towards the end of the most dangerous hours." Atsu spent four years on Chelsea's books earlier in his career, which included time on loan at Everton and Bournemouth before joining Newcastle permanently in 2017. He signed for Turkish side Hatayspor in September last year after a spell with Al-Raed in the Saudi Pro League. READ MORE...Arsenal target Milinkovic-Savic 'makes irreversible transfer decision'Man City issue defiant statement as allegations rock Guardiola's sideMan Utd fans fume as new footage shows Fred being 'choked' vs Palace  Chelsea were among those to send out a message of support on Monday, tweeting: "The thoughts of everyone at Chelsea Football Club are with those affected by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria. We are praying for you, Christian Atsu." The first earthquake, which was one of the strongest to hit the region in 100 years, struck just after 4am on Monday morning with tremors reaching as far away as Lebanon and Israel. More than 60 aftershocks have been recorded so far, including the 7.5 magnitude quake that caused yet more devastation.  A huge effort to find trapped civilians is still underway, with rescue workers sent from various countries also chipping in. The need for people to receive assistance is made greater by the cold and wet weather currently sweeping the region. Earthquakes of the magnitude that hit Turkey and Syria this week are extremely rare, with fewer than five occurring worldwide each year on average. Almost 1,000 search and rescue volunteers have been deployed from Istanbul to help with the search.