Outer Banks season three is on Netflix now and it sees the Pogues get used to life on their deserted island. They have welcomed newcomer Cleo (played by Carlacia Grant) as a fully-fledged member of the group. Actress Carlacia told Express.co.uk she plays an important role in the new series. Cleo is a confident and fearless character, who is described as a formidable artful dodger. She was introduced in the second season as a Nassau girl who was working for Captain Terrance (Terence Rosemore). Cleo helped the Pogues escape as part of a deal and she has since formed a close bond with them. The star gave some insight into Cleo's role within the group this season, saying: "She's bringing a lot of heart and muscle. READ MORE: Outer Banks season 3 welcomes three new cast members "She may just be the missing piece to their Pogue puzzle and I think everyone is going to be surprised with how Cleo exhibits her inner strength." The star said one of the best parts about filming the third series was shooting in Barbados. She added: "We used to go to this local street market called Oistins and we would eat the most amazing food with the locals of the area where they played music, had little carnivals, just a really cool outdoor Caribbean vibe and everyone always had the best time." Now Cleo has established herself as part of the crew, Carlacia said there was never a dull moment. She explained: "I feel like it’s always felt like a family because there’s never really been any dull moments. "But being together basically every day with this amazing group of people has for sure made us all grow closer together. "Now we have a few years under our belts, so there are a lot more memories and fun to come." Season three marks Cleo's first year going full Pogue and the star teased "a lot more stunts and fun action sequences". DON'T MISS... Outer Banks' Madelyn Cline discusses working with ex Chase Stokes Outer Banks’ Chase Stokes lands huge role away from Netflix series Virgin River’s Charmaine star kept in the dark over paternity twist She said there were tricks with "planes, trains, ships and cars, so I’m excited for everyone to see all the hard work we put in". This will hopefully not be Carlacia's final stint in the series as she said she would love to return. Ahead of the season three release, the series was renewed by Netflix for a fourth outing. The star said: "This show is so much fun to do, sometimes it’s really hard to believe that it’s work." In the third season, John B (Chase Stokes) starts to bond with his father who was presumed dead. Meanwhile, the Pogues face a new enemy in Carlos Singh (Andy McQueen), who believes they have something he needs. The group's new destination is the lost city of gold, El Dorado, but who will get there first?  Outer Banks season 3 is on Netflix now.