Manchester United continued their charge towards a possible quadruple with a stirring 2-1 victory over Barcelona on Thursday night. Goals from Fred and Antony turned the game around after Robert Lewandowski had put the visitors ahead. And the Red Devils are now through to the round of 16 after a key win at Old Trafford. Manchester United had gone into their game with Barcelona knowing the tie was in the balance after a 2-2 draw last week. Bruno Fernandes missed a big chance for the Red Devils early on, with the Portugal international seeing a shot saved by Marc-Andre Ter Stegen. And Barcelona then punished United through Lewandowski, with the Poland international converting from the penalty spot. United were able to draw level through Fred, with the Samba star striking him on his unfavouried right foot. And Antony then popped up with the winner to spark wild celebrations inside the ground. Express Sport now takes a look at four things we learned from the game. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Fred deserves credit. While the United star is prone to inconsistency, having struggled during the first 45 minutes, the Brazil international put in an enterprising display to help his side to victory. Credit must go to Casemiro, too. With United behind, the Brazil international made an astonishing block to prevent Barcelona from doubling their lead. United benefitted from Lisandro Martinez being available, with the Argentina international throwing himself at everything. And the critics of Antony need to quieten down after the Brazil international popped up with the vital winner. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United had gone into the game with Barcelona on a high after a 3-0 win over Leicester on Sunday. Yet the Red Devils were strangely flat during the first 45 minutes, with Barcelona dominating proceedings. Ten Hag, sensing his side were struggling, then decided to change things up at half-time. And the 53-year-old warrants praise for hooking Wout Weghorst and introducing Antony. That change enabled Marcus Rashford to play down the middle, and Fernandes in his preferred No 10 role, with United drastically better as a result. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Weghorst always puts in a shift for United, which is one of the reasons Ten Hag rates him so highly. Just think what this team could achieve with a world-class No 9, however. Rashford has done well when deployed there but there’s a nagging sense the England international is better on the left, even if he was quiet during the first half of the game. United are known to have interest in both Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen, of Tottenham and Napoli respectively. And it’s obvious the Red Devils require an upgrade on Weghorst come the end of the season. Both United and Barcelona have struggled in recent years. The Red Devils have never been the same since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013, enduring a decade of mediocrity in the years since. And Barcelona have lost their sparkle in recent times, too. Based on the past 180 minutes of action, however, it’s clear both teams are back to their best. Quality was everywhere on the pitch, both at Old Trafford and the Nou Camp, and two sleeping giants are waking up again.