Jurgen Klopp has previously described Mason Mount as a £60million player in comments that he may regret if he tries to bring the midfielder to Liverpool. The England international is yet to agree a new Chelsea deal and could be on the move in the summer with the Blues looking to avoid losing him for nothing in the summer of 2024. Mount has been a key player for Chelsea in recent years with Frank Lampard, Thomas Tuchel and Graham Potter each giving him an important role in the starting eleven. However, he has come under fire from fans in recent weeks for his performances and is future is under increasing doubt given his contract situation. The 24-year-old is out of contract in 18 months' time and talks over an extension appear to have stalled. The Telegraph reports that some at the club are already resigned to losing him with officials weighing up a summer move to avoid him leaving for free in 2024. Liverpool have been one of the club’s most heavily linked with his signature with central midfield a major weakness in Klopp’s side. However, the German may live to regret previously labelling Mount as a £60m as he tries to agree a deal for the player on the best possible terms. READ MORE: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Mikel Arteta's brilliant Arsenal Speaking in 2019, Klopp explained his view. He said: "Tammy Abraham is now a £60m player, Mason Mount is for sure a £60m player, if not more, Callum Hudson-Odoi was that already.” It remains to be seen whether or not Liverpool will look to make a move during the summer transfer window but it is highly unlikely that the will be willing to pay £60m if they do given his contract status. Chelsea meanwhile may be unwilling to compromise on price given Klopp’s previous comments and the Reds’ status as one of their biggest Premier League rivals. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges For his part, Mount has been reluctant to say too much about his future, insisting he does not pay any attention to speculation. The midfielder has spent his entire professional career at Chelsea, making 189 appearances since making his debut in 2019. “I have always been so focused on my football since I was in the academy,” Mount said to The Evening Standard in November. “I know now there is a lot more media focus on me, but I do not look too much into that. I block it out.”