Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand has explained what Frank Lampard will have been thinking as his former side Everton defeated Premier League leaders Arsenal 1-0 in their first game since sacking the Chelsea legend. Sean Dyche was appointed as Lampard's successor and his former Burnley defender James Tarkowski got the only goal of the game to take the Toffees out of the relegation zone. Ferdinand claimed that Lampard will be questioning where the improved performance was when he was at the helm at Goodison Park. "Frank Lampard I’m sure will be sitting at home wondering 'Where was this when I was here?', in the last few weeks of his tenure? "You’ve got to give Sean Dyche and his coaching staff the credit. These fans, the atmosphere they’ve created in here was phenomenal today, and the players had to really start that with the performance - the high intensity, the pressing, the aggression. "They asked Arsenal them questions - can you deal with pressure? Can you deal with a fight? Can you deal with aggression? Can you deal with people leaving bits on you in individual battles and duels? And the Arsenal team today, they didn’t come here today and they didn’t live up to that, so they got their just rewards in that sense, but this is all down to hard work and graft. You look at these players out there now celebrating with the fans, there’s a connection again that you need if you want to survive in this league." Everton played with an intensity that had been missing in the final few weeks of Lampard's tenure and limited the Gunners to few chances and Jordan Pickford was rarely called into action, while Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Abdoulaye Doucoure had good chances before Tarkowski scored his first goal since moving from Burnley. Dyche's outfit had several opportunities to score from set-pieces and a Dwight McNeil corner was nodded past Aaron Ramsdale at the far post by Tarkowski to send the Everton faithful into raptures before they held on for a vital three points. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap New Everton boss Dyche believes the win can be a platform for the remainder of the season. "It gives us a platform to move forward," he told BT Sport. "We have crammed a lot in this week. To get a win against top of the league...we managed to calm the game down. I want to them to understand the basics of the game. "It's all about the players and they are the focal point for me. They have taken a lot on this week. The minimum requirement is maximum effort and we saw that today. "They have been in a position where it has not been nice for anyone. I still believe we can improve with our play. I'm delighted for James Tarkowski. I've taken great joy in the development of his career."   