Brits are divided on whether King Charles and Prince Harry should reconcile in time for the coronation, new polling suggests. The Duke of Sussex, who lives in the US with Meghan Markle, has been embroiled in an ongoing rift with the Royal Family. An exclusive Techne poll for the Express of 1,624 British adults found 46 percent did not think the King and Charles should end the row ahead of the historic occasion at Westminster Abbey on May 6. But 36 percent said the father and son should bury the hatchet, while a further 18 percent did not know in the poll carried out from February 1 to 2. Older people were slightly more likely than their younger counterparts to say Charles and Harry should make up before the King is crowned. Some 39 percent of over-64s said the pair should end their rift, compared with 33 percent of 18 to 34-year-olds. Meanwhile, 43 percent of over-64s said they should not put their differences aside in comparison to 50 percent of the younger age group. Tory and Labour voters were largely in agreement, with 37 percent of Conservatives and 36 percent of backers of Sir Keir Starmer's party saying Harry and Charles should reconcile before the once-in-a-lifetime event in May. Brexiteer and Remainers were also united, with 36 percent of both Leavers and Remain supporters saying the warring father and son should mend their rift. Speculation has been rife over whether Harry and Meghan, who quit royal duties in 2020, will attend the coronation following their string of attacks against the Royal Family. The Duke plunged the monarchy into a fresh crisis last month with the release of his tell-all memoir Spare. The headline-grabbing tome came hot on the heels of the Sussexes' six-hour Netflix marathon in December. But Charles is said to want Harry at his coronation, where he will be crowned alongside Camilla, due to fears his and Meghan's absence would be a greater distraction than their presence. During an interview with ITV's Tom Bradby to promote his book, Harry was asked if he will come to the event if he is invited. He said: "There's a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. "There's a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they can - that they are willing to sit down and talk about it, because there's a lot that's happened in six years. And prior to that as well." Rishi Sunak on Thursday dodged questions on whether the couple should be invited to the historic event. In an interview with Piers Morgan on Talk TV he was asked whether "people who trash the Royal Family" should be invited. The Prime Minister laughed off a question about if he would mind sitting next to the Sussexes if they did attend. 