Liverpool icon Graeme Souness has cast doubt on whether Enzo Fernandez will prove value for money after Chelsea broke the British transfer record to sign the Argentine from Benfica on deadline day for £107million. Souness, however, has questioned whether the money would have been better spent on one of Fernandez’s World Cup winning team-mates instead. Blues co-owner Todd Boehly and co had been locked in negotiations with the Portuguese side before agreeing on the structure of payments that would ensure Fernandez got his wish to move to Stamford Bridge. He was thrown into action immediately and made his debut from the start in Chelsea’s 0-0 draw with Fulham on Friday. He was unable to get off to a winning start as Chelsea’s struggles continued this season and Souness believes that the mouthwatering transfer fee that brought Fernandes to the Premier League would have been better spent on Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton. Souness has highlighted Mac Allister’s fewer question marks, additional experience, being proven in the league, age and ability to score and assist as more positives to the Brighton man than Fernandez. “When it comes to Fernandez, Chelsea have paid a premium on top of a premium on top of a premium,” Souness wrote in the Daily Mail. “A premium because it is the Premier League calling. A premium because it is Chelsea. A premium because they want this player now. READ MORE: World's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combined “Compare Alexis Mac Allister, his Argentina team-mate, who has played 80 games in the Premier League for Brighton and has far fewer question marks against his name. Good age. Good experience. Good numbers of goals and assists. A proven Premier League player. "I’m surprised that money hasn’t gone on him. Can Fernandez handle the intensity? We don’t know. Can he handle the great big price tag? We don’t know. He is a £40m gamble at best. A young man with potential and little more. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap “Benfica are the biggest club in Portugal and are simply not confronted every week by the fierce physical challenge Chelsea always get. The team are top by eight points and have lost just once all season. And as for the five games Fernandez started at the World Cup — the history of football is littered with clubs buying players after they have performed well in that tournament and getting it wrong.” Chelsea did look to Brighton in January in search of a midfielder, but they tested the waters with a £55m bid for Moises Caicedo instead of Mac Allister. Arsenal also had an interest in the Ecuadorian and tabled three bids and saw the 21-year-old make a public plea to Brighton to let him leave, but Roberto De Zerbi’s side resisted the temptation and rejected the Gunners’ advances.