But Rhys Connah has shared the one reason he would reprise his role as Ryan Cawood after Sally Wainwright paused production on the BBC drama to wait seven years for the actor to age before continuing the story. With Catherine Cawood’s (played by Sarah Lancashire) story wrapped up, could it be time for Ryan to step into the limelight in Happy Valley? Speaking to Richard Arnold on Good Morning Britain, Rhys stated the series has come to an end for good. However, he could be persuaded to return for Sally if she waited another length of time so Ryan could grow. Rhys stated: “If Sally asked me to do pretty much any role again I would be completely up for it. “Let me say this clear, I don’t want anything taken out of context, there are no plans for season four. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie “As of now, Sally is completely happy with how she has left the series. “But like you said, if in seven years Sally came to me and said, ‘Do you want play Ryan seven years on when he’s a police officer? If he was an Inspector or something.’ “I would absolutely do that without a second heartbeat, I would 100 percent go for it.” It came after Rhys gave his first TV interview on Loose Women and opened up on receiving his redacted s “When I was first given the script, the very first draft of episode six, I read some of it,” he told the panel. “I got the car crash and everything but when I get to the end, it’s all redacted, redacted, redacted. All of it. “So I spoke to James and Sarah, I had an idea, they sort of told us but I didn’t know how it was going to play out at all. “I had no clue how it was going to play out on camera, the series of events. DON'T MISS...5 questions we still have from Happy Valley finale [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay 'not allowed to talk' due to Happy Valley ban [VIDEO]Happy Valley season three finale explained [EXPLAINER] “I just sort of knew what happened so I was able to watch it borderline for the first time.” Rhys added he “really liked” how the series came to an end in such a “powerful” way. “I think they went for a more emotional side, rather than a big fight between them,” he explained. “A lot of people weren’t expecting it but I think it was the best choice for me, myself.” On waiting eight years for the third series and for Rhys to grow up, he said: “It’s not very often that things like this happen. “I’m realising how much easier it probably would have been for everyone involved, just to cast someone like me and make the series two years later. “I’m incredibly honoured that she waited seven or eight years, all that time, just so I could grow up and play this part more convincingly.” Happy Valley is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.