Sir Rod Stewart, 78, shared a sweet remark on son Liam’s latest Instagram post as the hockey player shared previously unseen moments with his gorgeous family. In the photo, Liam, who recently announced he is expecting his first child with his partner, posed with his dad and younger half-siblings Renee Stewart, 30, Alastair 18, and Aiden, 12. Rod looked smart in grey suit trousers paired with a matching waistcoat, as he relaxed on the sofa with his brood. The father of eight commented on the post with love hearts, showing how much his children mean to him. His fans swooned over the blended family setup as they took to the comments. lindabeard51 remarked: “You have a beautiful family.” READ MORE:Victoria Beckham heartbroken as fashion colleague dies on her birthday stevenfernande said: “The vibes are pretty strong here.” rozshearer typed: “Love this, seeing you all together.” Renee and Liam are the children of Sir Rod from his second marriage to model Rachel Hunter. While Aiden and Alastair’s mum is Penny Lancaster, 51 (Rod’s current wife). The rock star is also father to Sarah Streeter, 60, Kimberley Stewart, 44, Sean Stewart, 43 and Ruby Stewart, 35. Sir Rod is also a grandfather to Kimberly’s daughter Delilah. The star seems to be very excited at the prospect of becoming a grandfather again, with his daughter Ruby announcing her pregnancy back in January. She later announced she was engaged as she shared pictures of her and her partner Jake, captioning the images with a heartfelt message dedicated to her future husband. DONT MISS:Strictly star Gemma Atkinson opens up to fan over Botox speculation (PHOTOS)Lost star Tania Raymonde returns to NCIS after 18 years (NEWS)The Chase’s Mark Labbett gets candid about 'tough' romantic life (LATEST) "Yes to…Always finding your hand to hold in the middle of the night… to always making a s---ty situation something we can laugh about… to calling me out on my passive-aggressive bulls—.. to knowing how and when to hold me without me even having to ask…" she said. "To always telling me I'm beautiful even when I'm sick and swollen… to always hearing your tone deaf singing with all your heart… to never being able to dance with you without laughing at you… to always knowing my home is wherever you are…" Ruby finished the note by adding: "Yes to this life… our love… Because Forever doesn’t sound like a long time if it’s spent with you…" Ruby's news comes just one week after Rod’s eldest son Liam announced he was expecting a child – another baby set to join the Stewart clan in 2023. Liam revealed he is to welcome his first child with partner, Nicole Ann, with a beautiful video posted to his Instagram page. Underneath the post, his mother Rachel said how excited she was to become a grandmother for the first time. “Love you guys, so excited, the best Mum and Dad ever!!! I can't wait! Finally, I get to tell everyone. Didn't have my glasses on and put up the wrong heart!!” adding a series of red love heart emojis.  Rod's wife Penny Lancaster added: "Beautiful, I can't help watching it over and over again."