Paris Saint-Germain are facing a dressing room crisis after it emerged that senior members of the squad are unhappy with four players and have questioned decisions made by senior management, according to reports. With doubts still circulating over Lionel Messi's future, the French champions may also be forced to address potential divisions in Christophe Galtier's squad after complaints were made. The cracks had already started to shown when a row between Neymar and sporting director Luis Campos erupted following their 3-1 defeat against AS Monaco at the weekend. Footage then appeared to show Sergio Ramos pushing a photographer aggressively after the game. And it seems all is not well behind the scenes at Parc des Princes, with players questioning the decisions made by senior management and under-pressure coach Christophe Galtier, per reports in France. L'Equipe claim to have a source who states players have been left 'unhappy' by the departures of Leandro Paredes, Idrissa Gueye and Julian Draxler, in favour of signing midfield trio Vitinha, Fabian Ruiz and Carlos Soler. Vitinha and Ruiz have struggled to impose themselves since arriving at the club, although Soler has had no problem slotting into the squad. READ MORE: Photographer shoved by PSG star Sergio Ramos speaks out after apology While the players in question have not been named, it is understood they are senior members of the PSG squad hierarchy. The report adds they believe their squad has been weakened across the past two transfer windows. It is suggested that Campos' efforts to stay within Financial Fair Play parameters have influenced some of his decisions, including the incoming arrival of Milan Skriniar on a free transfer, who will join in June after PSG failed to sign him from Inter Milan last month. In addition, Hugo Ekitike's move from Reims will be made permanent this summer for a fee of £32m (€37m), and that has again left PSG stars scratching their heads as the 20-year-old has scored only three goals in 16 Ligue 1 appearances. The club sold Arnaud Kalimuendo to Rennes last summer and the academy product was viewed as a more suitable player to join the squad than Ekitike. DON'T MISSPSG stars turn on Neymar after 'huge dressing room row'Messi's brother tears into Barcelona in furious 'traitors' rantKylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi 'push' for Man City star to join PSG The growing unrest within the squad is only likely to increase the speculation regarding Messi's future as the World Cup winner plans his next move. The 35-year-old is out of contract this summer and PSG are keen to extend, but with interest from MLS outfit Inter Miami and former club Barcelona, it remains to be seen whether he would commit his future to the club. Messi has reportedly turned down one contract offer already after meeting with PSG chiefs and, with uncertainty over his close friend Neymar's future, he could head for the exit after two seasons in Paris. PSG's defeat to Bayern Munich in the Champions League will do them no favours in their attempts to convince the Argentinian superstar to stay as tensions continue to rise within the club, with the Parisian outfit needing to overturn a 1-0 deficit in the second leg in Germany to stay in the competition.