Prince Harry, 38, has shared in his bestselling book, Spare, how Caroline Flack’s tragic death in 2020 inspired him to fight to keep security to protect himself and wife Meghan Markle, 41. The Duke Of Sussex alleged his father, King Charles, cut funding for his personal security without giving notice back in 2020. The Prince and Meghan were told their security detail was being withdrawn when they lived on Vancouver Island, Canada with their young son Archie. The loss of armed guards allegedly came under the terms of Megxit, which saw them quit as working royals. However, Prince Harry vowed to fund it himself, as he didn’t want the couple to end up in a similar situation to his ex Caroline, who had taken her own life just a month before. He typed: "Caroline Flack, a very good friend of mine, had taken her own life. READ MORE: The Chase star Mark Labbett addresses money woes  “By the looks of things, she couldn't bear it anymore. "The years of constant harassment had killed her. "I felt awful for her family. “I can't forget how much she suffered for her fatal sin of going out with me,” he claimed. The Duke added it was an “important reminder” that his fears about something bad happening to himself and Meghan due to a lack of security and media intrusion were not invalid. He continued: “I told myself it was an important reminder. "I wasn’t being dramatic. “What I and Meg were dealing with was indeed a matter of life or death.” DONT MISS: The Chase star Mark Labbett addresses money woes (PHOTOS)Meghan Markle's 'bombshell' book not needed right now (NEWS)Jeremy Clarkson shouted at by girlfriend as he 'takes time off' (LATEST) Harry later reached out to showbiz pal Tyler Perry for help with keeping the couple secure at a mansion in Los Angeles. The Duke Of Sussex also opened up on his brief courtship with the late Love Island presenter and had nothing but complimentary words to describe her. Harry revealed: “She had been so light and funny that night we met, the definition of carefree.” He added that it was “impossible” to have imagined at that time she would take her own life. Harry was linked to the TV presenter in 2009 amid his on-again, off-again romance with Chelsy Davy. "I knew [Natalie Pinkham] was friends with Prince Harry, and I’d never met him. "I thought, ‘Oh that’s quite exciting’, and for a moment I perked up,” Caroline recalled in her own 2014 book. “So I was just sitting there and he arrived with a few others in tow and we all spent the evening chatting and laughing,” she added. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.