After Manchester United’s 2-0 win over Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday, Casemiro and Marcus Rashford took all the plaudits. Both players impressed at Wembley, with their goals propelling the Red Devils to a first piece of silverware since 2017. But David De Gea and Luke Shaw deserve hailing, too, with the stalwarts playing a key role in giving fans the result they wanted. United knew they needed to produce the goods against Newcastle to avoid losing a third final in a row. And they did exactly that, with both Casemiro and Rashford on target as the Red Devils painted Wembley in their colours. Both men are rightly being praised for their performances. Casemiro was especially worthy of being named man of the match, with his summer arrival from Real Madrid justified more and more with each passing game. But the displays of both De Gea and Shaw have gone under the radar. Now, it’s time to give them the credit they deserve. De Gea kept a clean sheet, his 181st for the club, seeing him move ahead of Peter Schmeichel in the record books. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players And his save from Allan Saint-Maximin in the first half was key. Without it, the game could have been completely different. De Gea has been at United ever since 2011 and there seems to be a narrative that he’s now a goalkeeper from a previous era. But his job is to save shots and the 32-year-old remains one of the best in the business when it comes to that. De Gea is a player who has given his all to United and victory at Wembley would have meant more to him than most. There’s talk of a new contract and the Red Devils would be wise to keep hold of their No 1. It took them years to properly replace Schmeichel - and Ten Hag doesn’t need a repeat. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Then, there’s Shaw. The United star seemed to be struggling at the beginning of the season, toiling in the early defeats to Brighton and Brentford. There was even a spell where Tyrell Malacia was ahead of him in Ten Hag’s pecking order, with the Netherlands international moving from Feyenoord back in the summer. But, as the old saying goes, form is temporary and class is permanent. Shaw is another player who doesn’t get enough credit or recognition. While he’s not replicated the achievements of Patrice Evra just yet, there’s still plenty of time for that to happen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here His delivery for Casemiro’s header was impressive, while he also succeeded in nullifying the threat of Miguel Almiron as well. Shaw is a player who, barring early teething problems under Louis van Gaal and a strained relationship with Jose Mourinho, is regularly consistent at the back. And as he nears the ninth anniversary of his move from Southampton, the 27-year-old has shown he’s a player who can be relied on. Meanwhile, regarding De Gea, the United star was delighted following the triumph at Wembley. “I’m happy," he said. "It was the perfect way to do it, in the final. “To break the record is something amazing, so I’m really proud so let’s keep going and try to keep more clean sheets. And he added: "I think we showed we are a good team. "We performed really well. We deserve to win the cup and let's keep going. "Today, we showed we can win trophies and everyone is doing really, really well with the new manager and the staff. “So, we have a game on Wednesday [against West Ham United in the Emirates FA Cup at Old Trafford], let's try to enjoy the moment but we go again."