Police have arrested four people on suspicion of terrorism offences as officers swarmed an address in Coventry this morning. According to Coventry Live, officers have remained at an address in the city since Tuesday, January 31.   West Midlands Police confirmed that the large police presence on Kare Road, Coventry, relates to a "terror-related offence". Three men aged 57, 26 and 18 and a woman aged 58, have been arrested. However, they say there is not an "imminent" threat to the public at present.  One resident who moved to the neighbourhood last year told Coventry Live they were "curious" to find out what has been happening at the property. "We are curious to know what's going on. We only moved to this property last year but we have always found the area quite deserted most of the time. We don't know much about what's happening," they said. A second resident said police have been parked on the residential street since Monday, January 30. It is understood the police tent was not erected until around Wednesday, February 1. A police van has been overlooking the property at night for several days. The resident said: "It has been ongoing since the early hours of Monday (January 30). "Driving past, I have seen seven to eight people in helmets in two vans and two unmarked police vans. "The police tent didn't go up until Tuesday or Wednesday. "No one has been living there since the investigation but there has been high police presence all week with a police van overlooking the property at night." A third local said they have seen a large amount of police activity this week, with a number of officers going in and out of the property on Kare Road. Walking by the property, they said: "I usually go on daily walks around the area and have seen a lot of police activity this week but I don't have any idea what's happened. "I have just been walking along and seeing lots of police going in and out of the property."  A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: “Four people – three men aged 57, 26 and 18 and a woman aged 58 – were arrested in Coventry on suspicion of terrorism offences this week. Three were arrested on January 31 and the 57-year-old man was arrested on February 1. “All four continue to be questioned at a West Midlands police station following the pre-planned arrests. "A search of a residential address in the city continues, there is not believed to be any imminent threat to the public.”   