Whether looking to sell a home or just wanting to add value to it, there are a variety of different ways Britons can improve their homes. Matthew Shaw, Head of Sales at Ultra LEDs explained: “Improvements which create a sense of space, privacy and give a great first impression will definitely increase saleability, especially at a time when those selling their homes will need it most. “Before you start thinking about putting your home up for sale, it’s worth having a look around and making some alterations to give you a better chance of selling for a great price. “These changes don’t have to be expensive either as there are plenty of small, inexpensive ways that make a surprising difference to the value of your home. “In addition to this, you could also speak to a local estate agent or property expert to ask about the kind of features that tend to make the most difference to buyers in your local area.” According to the expert, adding a fresh lick of paint can be done at a low cost and is a “simple way to boost the value of your home”. READ MORE: Four ‘common’ energy saving tips to avoid - ‘don’t actually work’ When painting a home, opt for neutral colours if you’re trying to appeal to future buyers. The expert added: “Always remember to remove anything too personal as this allows the buyers to adapt the property to fit their own individual needs. “You could also consider adding some plants and revamping the sofa with some new cushions or throws.” Lighting is important in any room, but is often an “overlooked” aspect of any space. When installed in the right way, it can really accent a room and bring a living space to life. Matthew explained: “Add lamps to dark corners to create cosy nooks and add bright lighting to show off your homes’ features. DON'T MISS:‘Simplest’ and ‘most effective’ garden addition to ‘boost’ house price [COMMENT]DIY expert shares the ‘correct’ order to paint a room [INSIGHT]Seven laundry ‘myths’ which could be ruining your clothes [EXPLAINER] “In terms of increasing interest in the property, it's better for viewings to take place during the day, but if a potential buyer is coming later on, you’ll need to ensure all bulbs are working and that your home also looks good at night. You could even place LED strip lights inside cupboards to add an extra touch of luxury.” Gardens are extremely important and can often make or break a sale so it is important to have a well maintained outdoor space. Adding a couple of cheap plant pots and clearing the pathway can make a home more attractive, helping with those all important first impressions. The expert noted: “Out the back, a well designed garden can add great value. It should feel like an extension of the home rather than just a large piece of grass or concrete. READ MORE: Nine ‘illegal’ plants which could be in your garden - avoid fines Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “It’s essential to clear out any clutter or rubbish, trim borders, mow the grass (if you have any) and cut back any overgrown trees or bushes (particularly if they block any sunlight). If you have room within your budget, adding some festoon lights can really transform your outdoor space.” While it may not stop a sale from going ahead, small defects can create a perception that a home has been poorly looked after which could be a deciding factor. Common issues which can be rectified quickly as well as add value including fixing peeling paint, dirty walls and doors, dripping taps and mouldy sealants. The pro continued: “Never underestimate the value of a good clear out. Take a look around and pay attention to high traffic areas such as living rooms, kitchens and bathrooms. “Make sure these rooms are clean, tidy and clear of any clutter or personal belongings. You don’t want anything out on kitchen surfaces or piled up as this can put buyers off. “You should also consider the layout and amount of furniture in each room. It’s surprising how this can impact the size and feel of a room. To add value, you want your home to look spacious and comfortable as buyers want to envisage themselves living there.” While a new kitchen can be appealing, there are other ways to increase the value of your home. If you have small budget, the expert recommended replacing cupboard door handles to more modern ones. The cupboards could also be given a lick of paint to make them look brand new. The expert added: “Good lighting will also make a difference in this room too so try adding LED strip lights under kitchen units to add a premium and modern look that prospective buyers may be looking for.” According to Matthew, a new bathroom could add up to five percent to the value of a home, but thankfully a brand new suite isn’t needed. A simple clean and refresh can make all the difference and this can be done by regrouping and eliminate limescale as well as adding a touch of paint to the walls. Britons could also introduce new fluffy towels, good lighting as well as a nice scent to the room as well as a houseplant to make it “feel luxurious” without having to spend a fortune.