A woman has sparked debate online after she called other mothers “lazy” for not resuming work “days after giving birth.” Jaelyn Cox, 29, who works as an Only Fans model claimed that mums should go back to work as soon as possible after birth.  She later branded those not wanting to go as “lazy”. Ms Cox told The Sun that she returned to work “days after birth” as she wants to give her children the best life she could. However, her decision not to take the maternity leave did not go down well with her partner, who was not keen on the idea. Ms Cox suggested and encouraged other mums to take a cue from her life.   She told the publication: “I think those people are just lazy and looking for an excuse. "I think it's important to get back to your old life and back into a work routine.” She also claimed that another reason of joining the work immediately was not to impact her mental health. She said that she didn't want to let being a mum take over her life, as she believed it would impact her mental health. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley case laid bare - everything police shared at briefing  The guidelines laid down by the NHS on maternity leave states: “When you're pregnant, you're entitled to up to a year of maternity leave. "If you are employed and pregnant, you are entitled to 52 weeks (one year) of maternity leave, no matter how long you've worked for your employer. "This is made up of 26 weeks of ordinary maternity leave and 26 weeks of additional maternity leave." Going straight back to work isn't possible for many women after giving birth, as childcare costs have skyrocketed. DON'T MISS:Keir Starmer throws challenge to hard-left Labour MPs [INSIGHT]BA flight forced to turn back on route  [SPOTLIGHT]Mum who looks ‘15 years younger’ than her age share tips  [SPOTLIGHT] Meanwhile, the Trades Unions Congress (TUC) revealed that average monthly full-time nursery bills have increased to more than £1,000 in every English region - and will soon reach £2,000 in some, pricing many parents out of childcare. The TUC said an estimated 1.7 million women are prevented from taking on more hours at work because of childcare issues - resulting in a loss of up to £28.2billion in economic output each year. 