Lewis Hamilton is "already thinking about retiring", according to Damon Hill. The Mercedes star is out of contract at the end of 2023 and is yet to officially commit to an extension. The seven-time world champion has indicated on several occasions that he plans to continue in F1 beyond the upcoming season, even suggesting at one point that he could carry on for another five years. Hamilton's previous comments were in stark contrast to what he said earlier in his career when he was asked whether he'd emulate Kimi Raikkonen's career by driving into his 40s. "I don't think so," the Brit said in 2021. "I'd have five years left for that, and I don't think I'm going to keep running then, even if you never say never." His attitude appears to have changed, although it remains to be seen how long his next contract with Mercedes will be. Only Fernando Alonso is older than Hamilton on the 2023 grid with the Spaniard set to turn 42 years old this summer.  But even if Hamilton does plan to sign a contract that will see him continue with Mercedes for a few more years, Hill believes his compatriot will be thinking about life after F1. “He’s thinking about retiring already,” Hill told Sky Sports. “At 38, he’s already talked about being one of the oldest guys. You’ve got Fernando Alonso out there at 41. You’re looking towards the end of your career.  “Everyone knows that as a racing driver you can’t go on forever but he’s so fit and he’s so committed. He’s kept himself in good shape, it's the mind, it’s whether you’re mentally able to cope with getting yourself on a plane, getting to a hotel, going to a race when you think it’s not probably going to be a competitive car. “That’s the key. That car gives him a sniff or chance of victory then he will be there but it’s when it gets harder then it gets a little bit more difficult to think long term. "A racing driver needs a carrot, and the world championship is a big carrot, but the eighth world title for Lewis and that meaning that he is undisputedly the most successful Grand Prix driver of all time on championships - that is a huge carrot. I think he came out of not winning it in Abu Dhabi two years ago and he thought, 'I'm going to get it back'. And I always think that ambition is burning very, very deep inside of him."