Marvel’s new big bad after Thanos is a multiverse traversing villain with multiple variants across space and time. Jonathan Majors debuted as Nathaniel Richards variant He Who Remains in the final episode of Loki, revealing that he set up the Time Variance Authority to end the Multiversal War between him and his other selves. Yet another one is on the horizon after Sylvie killed him and as a result, Loki found the TVA run by another one of the variants. Meanwhile, an exiled version called Kang the Conqueror showed up in Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantmania. This Kang was defeated and possibly killed by Ant-Man and the Pym family, but it’s only the beginning. In Quantumania’s end credits scenes, fans were introduced to the Council of Kangs headed up by countless variants who appeared to be Rama-Tut, Immortus and Scarlet Centurion. If that wasn’t enough, the post-credits sting introduced Victor Timely, a Kang who sets himself up as a mayor with futuristic technology in 1901. Loki and Mobius were in the audience of his presentation and clearly the Asgardian has a plan that will be set forth in Loki season 2. Interestingly that plan has been theorised by a fan in a very popular new Reddit post.  The MediocreCritic theorised: “Loki will form a Council of Lokis to combat the influx of Kangs into the Sacred Timeline. They will free the variants and use the TVA to fight Kang. Loki will finally realise his “Glorious Purpose” as protector of the Sacred Timeline." They explained: “Loki has proven time and again to be a central player in the MCU, and I believe that going forward, this trend will continue. In the coming season, we will see Loki fulfil a purpose he could have never predicted. A purpose that has him becoming the protector of the Sacred Timeline. He will repurpose the TVA to protect instead of control. Tom Hiddleston has previously teased that season 2 would be centered on 'the war for the soul of the TVA.' This would fit perfectly with that.” READ MORE: Kang the Conqueror: Marvel's time-travelling villain explained The theorist continued: “Here’s how I see it playing out. Loki watches as the Multiverse begins to crumble after the death of He Who Remains. The TVA’s fall as He Who Remains hold on them is broken. War is breaking out in the multiverse, and each day brings them closer to Multiversal War. Loki feeling partly responsible takes it upon himself to protect the Sacred Timeline. He frees those in the TVA and repurposes the TVA to help fight against the Kang insurgence. “Loki is going to need some help. He will need a group of people that can deceive, trick, sabotage, and generally be a pain in the ass to the Kangs that are coming through and causing problems. Loki goes to those he truly understands, Him. Loki recruits all the Lokis he can find from across the Multiverse. A group that can never stand up against Kangs physically but through sheer trickery and tomfoolery. I think this is the endgame for Loki in the MCU, as a god at the end of time protecting the timeline, but not controlling it.” Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantmania is out now in cinemas, Loki season 2 will hit Disney+ later this year and Avengers: The Kang Dynasty arrives in May 2025. SOURCE: REDDIT