State pension payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April but hundreds of thousands of Britons will miss out on the uprating. This is because people who live in certain countries are not eligible for the annual increase. Moheen Ahmed, partner of Hoxton Capital Management, told Express.co.uk: “Often people do not realise that state pension increases might not apply in certain locations such as Australia, the USA, and New Zealand. "Make sure to check if your desired location does it, so you are fully aware.” Some 500,000 people miss out on the annual increase in state pension payments, according to campaign group End Frozen Pensions. There are a total of 106 countries where a person may move to and find their state pension increases stop. READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs Only Britons who live in these countries will see their state pension go up each year:  One woman, Anne Puckridge, 98, moved to Canada to be nearer to her family during retirement when she was 76. She receives a weekly state pension of just £72.50, which is far below the full basic state pension, at £141.85, which is what she'd get if it had been uprated. State pension payments are to increase by 10.1 percent this year, after the triple lock policy was reinstated. The policy guarantees the state pension increases in line with the highest of 2.5 percent, the rise in average earnings or inflation. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost With the increase, the full basic state pension will go up to £156.20 a week while the full new state pension will go up from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. Mr Ahmed urged those planning for their retirement to understand their expenses. He said: “You can do a detailed expenditure questionnaire so you can see where your money is going. “Have a concrete idea of the lifestyle you want, and then start tweaking the numbers. Make sure that you have your full state pension. “It tends to be the quickest and most cost-effective way of increasing your income in retirement.” He also encouraged Britons to find out if they are eligible for any Government help to support them during their retirement. One much-underclaimed means of support is Pension Credit, which tops up a person or couple’s income. The benefit provides a top up of up to £182.60 a week for single claimants and up to £278.70 a week for couples, and provides access to other benefits, such as a free TV licence for those aged 75 and over. People can check how much state pension they are set to receive using a pension forecast tool on the Government website.