There has been a 170 percent increase in searches for ‘drying clothes on radiator’ in the past 90 days according to UK search data from Google Trends. However, Owen Whitlock, interior expert at Beanbags.co.uk has shared why drying your clothes on the radiator might not be the best idea. He said: “While hanging wet clothes over your radiators will dry them, this could cause excess condensation in your home. This will lead to mould which can create all kinds of damage including staining paintwork, not to mention the allergens that mould can produce. “As well as this it could increase the cost of your heating bill. Hanging clothes over the top of your radiator will prevent it from heating your house, which means the boiler will need to work harder than it needs to, therefore increasing its running costs." To help with this dilemma Owen has shared six tips to help dry clothes quickly indoors without spending a fortune on tumble dryer costs. During the dark winter months, instead of washing clothes in the evening, households should do their washing as early as possible to take advantage of any sunlight during the day to dry their clothes. Owen said: “Of course, don’t put your clothes outside on the washing line when it is cold. READ MORE: ‘Big mistake’ to ‘avoid’ when using your tumble dryer - ‘damaging’ “However, you can place your clothes airer in a spot inside your home where natural light is projecting onto them to help your clothes dry quicker.” If the clothes airer is overcrowded the clothes will take longer to dry which can result in them “smelling damp and musty”, warned the expert. He said: “To get rid of this smell you may end up having to wash them again.” Not only this but having too many clothes in a washing load will result in the clothes being damper when they come out of the washing machine. Instead, one advised: “Washing fewer clothes per load will allow for more space in your washing machine and your airer so they will dry quicker and avoid having a damp smell to them.” DON'T MISSI used baking soda to remove stubborn mould around my window - photos [COMMENT]Remove ‘stubborn’ sock stains with ‘effective’ natural stain remover [TIPS]Winter pruning is ‘vital’ for a plants - 5 you ‘need’ to prune now [EXPERT] Many people make the mistake of hanging their washing to dry over the airer and not moving them until they are dry. However, as the clothes are drying households should turn them over every couple of hours to help them dry evenly. Essential oils are already a staple when it comes to making a home smell great, and the same can be said about clothing. Owen claimed that adding lavender oil to fabric conditioners will help combat any unwanted smells from drying clothes indoors. READ MORE: ‘Best cure’ to eliminate ‘sour smells’ from laundry - ‘works miracles’ He said: “Add a few drops of lavender oil to your fabric conditioner or laundry detergent, this should give your clothes a long-lasting smell to help to neutralise any damp smells that can happen when you dry your clothes indoors.” For those who don’t have lavender oil, they can add a cup of white vinegar to your laundry routine instead. White vinegar has been known in the cleaning community not only as an effective agent that removes stains and bacteria, but it can easily eliminate tough odours. The expert said: “Simply pour it into the fabric softener compartment, this should soak up any unwanted odours during the wash.” Leaving clothes to dry on a hanger will result in them having fewer creases reducing the need to use the iron on them, claimed the designer. He said: “This is a great hack for school jumpers and trousers, saving you both time and money on ironing.” Whether households are drying clothes indoors or outdoors it’s always best to hang them at their full length. Hanging your clothes at full length will ensure that air can easily travel through the material, resulting in them drying faster.