Every month the Office for National Statistics (ONS) releases the amount by which prices have increased over the preceding year. A variety of contributing factors go into the rate of Consumer Price Inflation (CPI) – from household energy bills to second-hand cars to cheese and eggs. As inflation soared throughout 2022 to reach its highest levels in decades, Express.co.uk has been keeping track of the cost of living. Inflation dipped to 10.1 percent in the year to January – down from 10.6 percent in December. Although a sustained fall from October’s peak of 11.1 percent is underway, the CPI remains at a level last seen in 1982 and is over five times the Bank of England's two percent target. Commenting on the latest figures, ONS Chief Economist Grant Fitzner said: “Although still at a high level, inflation eased again in January. “This was driven by the price of air and coach travel dropping back after last month’s steep rise. Petrol prices continue to fall and there was a dip in restaurant, cafe and takeaway prices.” READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon resigns as Scottish First Minister    The annual inflation rate for transport fell to 3.4 percent in January, down for a seven consecutive month from a 15.2 percent peak in June. This was mainly due to eases in passenger transport fares and motor fuels, according to the ONS. Average petrol and diesel prices stood at 149.4p and 172.1p per litre last month, down 5.9p and 7p from December respectively. Fuels haven’t been cheaper since the eve of the war in Ukraine. Two of the biggest drivers of the cost-of-living crisis are energy and food prices. The cost of electricity rose by 66.7 percent in the 12 months to January, while gas prices went up 129.4 percent. However, price rises of food and non-alcoholic beverages slowed for the first time in 17 months in January, falling slightly to 16.8 percent from 16.9 percent in December. DON'T MISS:POLL: Has Nicola Sturgeon done a good job? And who should replace her? [POLL]ISIS-inspired video shows five drug cartel killers being beheaded [REPORT]Camilla subject to torrent of abuse after testing positive for Covid [INSIGHT]Mystery of ancient boat buried under pub car park set to be cracked [REVEAL]   Inflation for the European Union (EU) as a whole hit 10.4 percent in December, with individual member state rates ranging from 5.5 percent in Spain to 25 percent in Hungary. On Tuesday, the US’s Labor Department reported an increase in the country’s inflation rate in January to 6.4 percent. Despite the downward trend for the UK, inflation at home was second-highest of all G7 countries, behind only Italy on 10.9 percent. On Wednesday, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said: “While any fall in inflation is welcome, the fight is far from over.”   