Kate and Prince William are to go head-to-head this weekend. The Prince and Princess of Wales will be at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff on Saturday to watch the Six Nations' Wales v England match. And, while they are likely to take seats next to each other, Kate and William will cheer for two different teams, as they are patrons of the Rugby Football Union (RFU) and the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) respectively. Prior to the match, the pair will meet injured players who are being supported by the WRU's Charitable Trust. As patron of the Union, William will also officially open a new space at the Stadium dedicated to the use of injured players and their families ahead of matches. This will be the second year husband and wife attend a Six Nations match between England and Wales while supporting different teams. Kate was made patron of the RFU and Rugby Football League in late February last year by Queen Elizabeth II. These roles had been relinquished one year prior by Prince Harry, after he and Meghan Markle announced they would not return to the royal fold as senior members of the Firm. The Princess of Wales memorably marked this new appointment by joining a special training session at Twickenham Stadium with the English male and female teams. A few days later, she returned to the stadium with William for the England v Wales Six Nations match. READ MORE: Diana and Charles pictured in rare unseen pictures with baby William With them was also their firstborn Prince George, who also joined the pair at a meeting with officials from both patronages, as well as with RFU's community and grassroots game, volunteers and RFU council members, held minutes before the beginning of the match. During the engagement, George and Kate spoke about the child's love for rugby and his training sessions both at school and at home. Suggesting he was being trained on the sport's fundamentals by the Princess, George quipped, while looking at his mum: "But I haven't tackled you yet!" George was also cheekily asked which team he would support, but sidestepped the question by simply shrugging and smiling at his doting father. William and Kate are known to share a friendly rivalry, and have often come head-to-head during their 11-year-long marriage. At Twickenham last year, the Prince joked their rivalry over rugby had "become quite the thing in the house". Pointing at his wife, he added: "She is quite into it, I'm trying to stay out of it." While prior to last year the Princess was often seen supporting Wales alongside William on stadiums' stands, the couple has challenged each other in regattas, including in 2019 and 2022, at a hockey shootout while in Stockholm in 2017 and even while preparing Welsh cakes on St David's Day last year. Most recently, during a visit to Cornwall, the Prince and Princess joined school pupils in a boat model race. One of the children later cheekily said Kate performed much better than her husband, whose boat "crashed a lot".