Vigilantes tried to scale the walls of Gary Glitter’s new home hours after the paedophile celebrated being free from jail with fish and chips. Police were called to the halfway house after the group found the address and arrived to hurl abuse.  Security called 999 after the gang of five men appeared to scale the wall.   They were questioned by officers before they were told to leave.   Daily Mirror reports that one of the men shouted: “He should be killed."   Another reportedly said: “We don’t want him round here – there are 10 schools a short distance away, it’s disgusting.”   Glitter, 78, is staying at a probation hostel in the south of England after being let out of prison on Friday.     It is believed the group discovered where Glitter was living after seeing a post on social media.   He celebrated his freedom by eating a fish and chip supper which was delivered to his room on Friday evening.   Others at the probation hostel told the Sunday Mirror that he enjoyed room service while the rest of them have to eat in a communal room.   After seeing Glitter arrive on Friday, two of the hostel residents said: “We’ve seen him a few times but he’s having his meals brought to his room and has stayed there all day.   “It’s definitely him – he’s still got the grey hair and goatee beard.”   Glitter was released from HMP Verne in Portland early on Friday morning after serving half of his sentence.   READ MORE: Gary Glitter fears attack by 'psycho' if moved from sex offender jail   Glitter – real name Paul Gadd – was imprisoned in 2015 for a series of child sex offences on three schoolgirls and has just three days to register his name with his local police station now he is out of Portland, Dorset prison.   He was at the height of his fame when he preyed on the vulnerable.   The crimes came to light 40 years later when Glitter was the first person to be arrested under Operation Yewtree.   Yewtree was an investigation launched by the Met into allegations of child sex crimes after the Jimmy Savile scandal.   Glitter has been fitted with a tracking device and his release conditions prevent him from living with under-18s and going near schools.   One of his victims said she had been "let down" by the justice system following his release and said she still feels he is a "danger to society".   DON'T MISSGary Glitter victim vows to take him to court after early release [REPORT]Gary Glitter ‘ready to start new life’, claims Jim Davidson [OPINION]Gary Glitter victim: ‘He wanted me to call him Daddy'  [REPORT]  The victim, who cannot be named for legal reasons told MailOnline: "It's hit me really hard, I can't believe this is happening to me.   "I just can't do this anymore.   "He should never have been let out of prison for what he did. He's just done eight years but I'm doing a life sentence.   "I can never forget what this monster did to me and I'm still struggling to deal with it.   "I really believe that he is still a danger to society, who knows what he could go on to do?"   Holding back the tears, she cried: "What he did to me has affected my whole family and it's ruined my life. I feel as if I've been let down by the justice system and that I've been attacked by Glitter again.   "This is not right. I'm sorry, it's all just too much for me, I can't handle what's happened today, it's brought back too many painful memories." 