A woman who distributed indecent images of children on WhatsApp and claimed it was "role play" has been spared jail. Ketan Shende, 42, sent the vile pictures and videos to men in lewd chats. A court heard the woman continued doing so even after Merseyside Police had raided her home in Mossley Hill, Liverpool.   Officers first visited her house on March 22 last year as a result of information received by the force. They seized a Samsung mobile phone on which they discovered 84 indecent images in category A - those graded as showing the most serious forms of abuse. These included pictures and videos of children aged as young as four being raped, reports Liverpool Echo. A judge branded the practice of child pornography "disgusting and evil" but let Shende walk free from Liverpool Crown Court, suspending her two-year jail term for two years. Shende was also told to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and a rehabilitation activity requirement of up to 25 days, as well as being told to sign the sex offenders' register and being made subject of a 10-year sexual harm prevention order. Forfeiture of the seized mobile phones was ordered. Sentencing Shende, Recorder David Knifton KC said: "You admitted you had contact with a number of males online in which you engaged in role play for your and their sexual gratification and that involved the sending of indecent images. You denied any sexual interest in children. "The court is right to be skeptical, but in my judgement it makes little or no difference to the sentencing exercise. You have seen fit to distribute such images for yours or the males' sexual gratification. "The trade in child pornography is a disgusting and evil trade. It results in misery to the children who are victims, particularly where the purpose is the sexual gratification of deviant adults. "You have shown a determination to addressing your offending behaviour. Significant progress has been made to date. "I have thought long and hard as to whether an immediate custodial sentence should be imposed. In the event, I have drawn back from that course. "But I want to emphasise how close you have come, even though this is you first set of offences. There will only be one place you are going if you breach that order."  Shende has no previous convictions. Rebecca Smith, defending, told the court: "She has been candid in trying to provide some level of understanding into her own difficulties and why it is she committed these offences. "She is somebody who has very complex circumstances. She understands there are a number of levels she has to unpick. "There are deep-rooted issues, beginning in childhood trauma and escalating to alcohol and drug misuse. What is clear is that steps have been taken by Ms Shende, something the court can given consideration to." Shende admitted four counts of distributing indecent images of children, one of possession of indecent images and four of making indecent images.  