The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been warned that "thousands" will boo them at the King's Coronation if they attend, particularly after repeatedly trash-talking about the UK. In a column for The Telegraph, Allison Pearson that the couple should not expect to be "made welcome" upon an appearance in May. She wrote: "After insulting our country and the institution King Charles now embodies, the Sussexes will turn a solemn occasion into a family drama. "On no account do we want to see him [Harry] and Madam [Meghan] made welcome on a landmark date in our country’s history. "The idea is repellent. I’d certainly be among the thousands booing them if they had the nerve to show up." She also added that people who are Team Meghan "would beg to differ", adding that "the catch" would be that a lot who support the couple are "least likely to be monarchists". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: King faces chaos as 'out of control' Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' Ms Pearson then recalls the Duke and Duchess' final appearance as senior royals in March 2020. She wrote: "For a sense of the excruciating awkwardness that awaits if the Sussexes do attend the Coronation, cast your minds back to [the] Commonwealth Day service in March 2020. "It wasn’t quite Murder in the Cathedral, but the extended clan was looking daggers at them." Referring to the tensions within the family, in particular the formerly-known Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, she added: "The then Cambridges could hardly bring themselves to acknowledge the Sussexes." READ MORE: Harry 'can't be trusted' says Queen's ex-aide as pressure mounts over Coronation invite Meghan did her 'I’m so glowing and compassionate, me' routine with a receiving line of enraptured clergymen when she noticed Prince William come in and hastily scuttled along. No love lost there." Ms Pearson also noted an awkward interaction with Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, she wrote: "Sophie Wessex pretended to be incredibly interested in the Order of Service, bless her." She continued: "Things are a hundred times more acrimonious now." DON'T MISS Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [INSIGHT]Kate releases powerful animation to promote campaign close to heart [ANALYSIS]Prince Louis’ £8,000 gift from Harry paid tribute to Diana [REPORT] It has been speculated that, despite tensions, the King may still invite his younger son and daughter-in-law. Ms Pearson added: "By all means invite Harry and Meghan to a private celebration, but don’t allow them to turn a solemn occasion into a tawdry family drama", adding that "the King must choose, and choose wisely." Meghan and Harry travelled to the UK last June to join the family in celebration of the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Upon their arrival at the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, the couple were met with a mixed reception from royals fans waiting outside the venue.