Merseyside Police said 13 men and two women, aged 13 to 54, have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder following "violent and despicable" protests outside the Suites Hotel in Knowsley. Protesters gathered outside a Merseyside hotel on Friday, throwing lit fireworks at police officers and setting a Matrix van on fire, where asylum seekers are being housed. Police appealed for calm as they moved to disperse the crowd amid claims of a "full-fledged riot." A total of 15 people, including a 13-year-old, have so far been arrested following the protests. A Merseyside force spokesman confirmed the total number of arrests, saying: "At around 6.30pm, officers were facilitating a peaceful protest and counter-protest at the Suites Hotel on Ribblers Lane in Knowsley. "Sadly, a short while later a number of people, who were not part of the original protest group, turned up and it is clear that they were only interested in causing trouble through violence and intimidation, without any thought, or care, for other members of the public, or our officers. "During the evening, missiles including lit fireworks were thrown at officers and one of our police vans was attacked by offenders, using hammers before setting it on fire. "An officer and two members of the public received slight injuries. The crowds dispersed and roads were reopened in the early hours of this morning."  Violence escalated last night with footage showing protesters using sledgehammers to attack a police vehicle, while officers dealt with two groups of protesters. Protesters threw lit fireworks at police officers outside the Knowsley hotel and offenders also attacked a Matrix police van, with videos obtained by the ECHO showing people smashing it with hammers before torching it. Merseyside Police Chief Constable Serena Kennedy said: "A number of individuals who turned up at the Suites Hotel last night were intent on using a planned protest to carry out violent and despicable behaviour. "They turned up armed with hammers and fireworks to cause as much trouble as they could and their actions could have resulted in members of the public and police officers being seriously injured, or worse."   The Chief Constable stated that "misinformation" about an incident earlier this week was spreading on social media. CC Kennedy said police were aware of the incident and an investigation is underway. She added: "Detectives are investigating reports of an incident which occurred in Kirkby on Monday, February 6, when a man made inappropriate advances toward a teenage girl. "This was reported by members of the public to police, but no victim was initially identified. Following enquiries, a man in his 20s, was arrested on Thursday, February 9, in another part of the country on suspicion of a public order offence. A file was submitted to the CPS and on their advice he was released with no further action. "I want to make it absolutely clear that this is very much an ongoing investigation, and we would urge anyone who witnessed this incident, or who has any information, which could help us bring the offender to justice, to come forward."  Sunder Katwala, director of think tank British Future, said: "The violent disorder in Knowsley realises fears that asylum dispersal is becoming a flashpoint for extremist agitation. Defusing the risks requires both more dialogue with local communities and much more scrutiny of extreme groups operating both online and on the ground to stir up trouble. "Both Twitter and Facebook are hosting groups and people who go well beyond political protest to celebrating the violence and encouraging intimidation. Twitter should rethink its decision to bring back Patriotic Alternative, who are using the platform to incite unruly protest. "Politicians will be debating a new asylum Bill. It is their responsibility to get a grip on an orderly and humane asylum process. There needs to be more care to avoid inflammatory language and impossible promises where unmet expectations can fuel frustration and anger further." Labour MP Sir George Howarth said the violent scenes did not reflect the community. 