After eight turbulent years, Sturgeon has resigned as Scotland’s First Minister. In what seemed an interminable speech, she spoke of the brutality of politics and insisted that her departure was not a response to recent controversy. I can’t be the only one feeling an overwhelming sense of déjà vu. It is not even a month ago that Ardern, former Prime Minister of New Zealand, made a similarly tear-jerking resignation speech. Just as Sturgeon appealed to the empathy of her countrymen, Ardern proclaimed that she had “nothing left in the tank”. Although separated by some 11,000 miles, outward displays of humanity are not all the two leaders have in common. They were brought down by a meddling approach that only served to demonstrate the risks of gross state overreach. Like many great statesmen, they rose to international notoriety during a crisis, the Coronavirus pandemic. Even among many supporters of lockdowns, their sanctimonious tone and zealotry was unrivalled in the Western world. Ardern was the more ardent of the two. Poster girl for the ‘Zero Covid’ strategy, she quickly transformed New Zealand from a tourist hotspot into Fort Knox, leaving many vulnerable Kiwis stranded abroad. This included a journalist forced to seek refuge from the Taliban in Afghanistan because they could not make it home – a storyline that would not pass muster in Hollywood. She was also slow to procure vaccines, further delaying New Zealand’s reopening to the world and endangering lives. Sturgeon, while not as enthusiastic as her antipodean counterpart, also failed to read the room.  In a game of chicken with former-former PM Boris Johnson, she consistently sought to outdo Westminster on Covid regulations. When, for example, the comparatively mild Omicron variant emerged, Sturgeon opted to abort Scotland’s restrictions a full month after England’s. But policing peoples’ movement couldn’t satisfy them, they both share an abysmal record on the nanny state. In attempts to tackle various social woes, both imposed expensive invasive schemes to deter vicious behaviour. In New Zealand, Ardern took smokers to task, imposing the nauseatingly titled ‘Smokefree generation’ plan. This involved a lifetime prohibition on buying cigarettes for anyone born after 2026 among other sweeping policies. Given the howling success of alcohol prohibition in the States, we wait with bated breath for the dissolution of New Zealand’s tobacco black market.  Sturgeon also had a crack. In 2018, she introduced Minimum Unit Pricing on alcohol, which set a floor price on booze to tackle problem drinking. It failed, costing consumers £270 million during its four-year implementation and pushed the most extreme drinkers to cut back on food to afford their drinks of choice, according to research from the Institute of Economic Affairs. Sturgeon’s political hara-kiri should spell trouble for Canadian PM Justin Trudeau. As one of the last harbingers of statism with a human face, as demonstrated by his harsh treatment of Canadian truckers, his fate now seems uncertain. Ardern and Sturgeon’s decline may very well signal a change in appetite: a move from the misplaced and unpopular politics of virtue signalling to public policy formed with individualism in mind. 