A new year brings new opportunities, and Nick Kyrgios is focused on forging new partnerships after injury delayed his start to 2023. The Canberran was absent from the Australian Open draw after requiring surgery on his knee, though that hasn't prevented him from setting new goals for the remainder of the year. One objective Kyrgios has in mind is a doubles pairing alongside up-and-comer Holger Rune, who impressed with five finals appearances on the ATP Tour last year. Still just 19 years of age, the French Open quarter-finalist is attracting plenty of attention as a potential superstar of the next generation. And Kyrgios is among those who clearly rates the teenage talent after he came from behind to defeat Novak Djokovic in the Paris Masters decider last year. The 27-year-old paired with Thanasi Kokkinakis to great effect as they won the Australian Open doubles title in 2021, with more accolades potentially still to come. "Whenever Holger wants, I'm ready," Kyrgios told Danish newspaper BT when asked if a team-up was on the cards. "Maybe even later this year in a smaller tournament. I'm sure we would love to play together. We could be a pretty cool doubles pair. So let's see. Maybe I'll ask him." READ MORE: Novak Djokovic can end six-year Federer drought if he plays Indian Wells as request made  Rune has in the past made waves on the ITF circuit challenging for doubles gold. He won the M15 Melilla title in September 2020 after impressing alongside Valentin Royer, then finished as a runner-up in the M15 Valldoreix (also in Spain) with Eric Vanshelboim as his partner two months later. A former boys' champion at Roland Garros, the Dane has shown a particular proficiency on clay and beat both Djokovic and Carlos Alcaraz (currently No. 1 and No. 2 in the world, respectively) to win the 2022 Paris Masters. Like 2022 U.S. Open winner Alcaraz, also 19, it may only be a matter of time before Rune also joins the ranks of Grand Slam champions. "Holger's potential is incredible, and it is big enough to win several Grand Slams during his career," praised Kyrgios. "It could be big for the sport of tennis." DON'T MISSInside Serena Williams' life after retiring including fortune and newly-found religionWu Yibing sets rankings record after becoming first Chinese tennis player to win a titleCarlos Alcaraz looks to Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic as he shares comeback expectations    As a graduate of the Mouratoglou Academy in France, Rune's advantages playing on clay give him an edge not every elite player possesses. He also boasts wins over some of the world's biggest stars, including two wins in as many meetings with Stefanos Tsitsipas, as well as 1-0 records against the likes of Alexander Zverev, Jannik Sinner and Stanislas Wawrinka. With a CV like that, it's little wonder Kyrgios is interested in forming a working partnership with the player. That being said, the two could find themselves competing as peers for the same major singles titles in the years to come.