A cannabis shop owner believes a ghost is tormenting his premises and that he has finally caught the spook on camera. Chilling CCTV filmed on January 26 appears to show a can of drink flying off a shelf with no apparent physical interaction from anything in the store. Rattled owner Thommy Meredith, 36, says a ghoul has "checked in" once a year at his CBD shop, making things fall off shelves. He was so scared he rushed outside when a can of pop fell off a shelf with no explanation. Thommy’s dog looked up five seconds before anything happened - as if he saw the presence. Now Thommy is going to get ghost hunters in to work out what is going on once and for all. Thommy, from Eastbourne, East Sussex, said: "I've tried so many experiments to try and think like it could be vibrations from the road, it could be vibrations from the fridge, but no other cans moved. "It's like something pushed it off. And in the video my dog is in his bed at the time next to the sofa and he looks up about five seconds before the can actually falls. "He might have seen something there. I think whoever is doing it is saying: 'I'm here, pay attention.' "It almost seems like a kid - it's a very mischievous thing to do, just knocking things off shelves. Nothing ever gets thrown off - just casually pushed. "I would love to get someone down here and do a few experiments to see what could be here." Thommy has had his shop - called 533 CBD - for four years, with creepy new events popping up every year. During the first year he came into the store to find one of his products on the floor. Things only fall off the shelves on one side of the shop and he has been unable to find any explanation. His building was built in the 1900s and was used as a convenience store and video store before he took it over. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's 'bone dry' dog was seen running in 'agitated state' after she vanished Before that the house was residential. In the video, Thommy can be seen casually cleaning his store - before the apparition strikes. Thommy said: "I didn't really think much of it the first time and just put it back on the shelf. "But the next day the same thing happened - I checked the CCTV and it looked like it was pushed off the shelf. Things have happened like that over the four years. "I feel that whatever is doing it, it's not aggressive or someone who doesn't necessarily want me here. "It's someone that's just showing me: 'I'm here, pay attention to me.' "When it happened straightaway I put everything down, checked the cameras and as soon as I saw it fly off the shelf I was like: 'Right, I'm leaving the shop' so I walked out and stood outside for a little bit. But I don't get any feelings of anything malicious and nasty - it's always a good vibe." DON'T MISS: Russian tank commander accidentally kills five of his own men in humiliation for Putin