The two rock guitarists have been performing in Queen and Black Sabbath for much of the last 50 years and even though the latter has dissolved, Tony Iommi and Ozzy Osbourne reunited to close of the latest Commonwealth Games. After performing Paranoid in their native Birmingham last year, Sir Brian May admitted he found watching them “emotional”. At the time, Sir Brian wrote on Instagram: “That’s the way to do it !!! Must say I got a bit emotional seeing Ozzy and Iommi on stage together again. Epic !!! Bri.” It turns out the Queen and Black Sabbath guitarist are very close friends, going back to their bands’ early days in the 1970s. Tony previously told BBC Radio 2: “One of my rock gods is definitely Brian May. His sort of sound and style really stood out to me when I heard the first Queen album, really… A guitar player is always into other guitar players, and he [had] a sort of unique sound and the way that he played, I just liked it. It was appealing. He's just got a certain character that you didn't really hear from anybody else, he's got something very 'him'. And as soon as you hear Brian now, anybody can pick him out." Tony continued: “We had a very fast connection and we used to talk to each other at all hours of the night in the early days. Now I'm in bed – but in them days, if he knew I was in the studio in London, he'd come over. We’ve jammed a few times. He’s come up on stage and played with me, and we’ve done some album stuff together on different people’s albums. He played on my solo album a couple of times.” “[He] came down to one of [Black Sabbath’s] rehearsals, when we were rehearsing in London, and we started playing with the band and the band gradually left, and Brian and myself were just left playing there. All the gear had gone except for our gear, and we were still playing!” The Black Sabbath legend who turned 75 over the weekend said he always has a guitar close to hand when the Queen star comes to his house so they can jam. Sir Brian, who is the same age, shared a touching birthday message to Tony on his Instagram over the weekend. READ MORE: Black Sabbath: Queen star made guest appearance in iconic track Posting snap and video footage of them jamming together, Sir Brian wrote: “HAPPY BIRTHDAY TONY IOMMI !!! Thanks @tracyannsee for this collage - from the days when I was a mere doctor ! And all this is still true. ROCK ON dear pal !!!! Bri. He is really my dearest friend in the business and has been for so many years. I could write books about Tony because he’s just the most, I don’t even know how to put into words. You know, he’s a luminous human being is Tony with a wonderful, kind nature and an incredibly baffling sense of humour.”