Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag admits the club will have to “think about” appealing Casemiro’s red card against Crystal Palace. The Brazil international was given his marching orders with 20 minutes of Saturday’s Premier League match remaining after putting his hands around the neck of Eagles midfielder Will Hughes during a melee between the two sides. United enjoyed a fine start against Palace as Bruno Fernandes converted from the penalty spot seven minutes into the game after a VAR review showed Hughes had blocked a Marcus Rashford cross with his hand. And the home side doubled their advantage just after the hour mark when the in-form Rashford turned in Luke Shaw’s cross. But a mass brawl soon broke out after a challenge from Palace midfielder Jeffrey Schlupp forced United winger Antony into the advertising boards at the side of the pitch. Players from both sides remonstrated with each other amid chaotic scenes, with Casemiro ultimately being dismissed following a VAR check of the incident. “First of all, we have to deal with it and we will do, but it is not right,” Ten Hag said after the match. “It shouldn't have happened. And last week, VAR doesn't do anything about the tackle [by Andy Carroll on Christian Eriksen in the FA Cup]. But this was avoidable and because in this incident there have to be consequences and they are inconsistent. And that is not right - that is not fair against us. DON'T MISS: Arteta makes three complaints as Arsenal lose to Everton    “We have to think about [appealing]. But be fair, we have seen when you're freezing [the frame in the video], Casemiro is crossing the line. But many more players were crossing the line there.” Casemiro has transformed the United side since joining the club from Real Madrid last summer. He is currently set to miss the Red Devils’ back-to-back Premier League clashes with Leeds as well as their showdown with Leicester later this month. But Ten Hag still has a small window in which to lodge an appeal before Leeds head to Old Trafford on Wednesday night. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed    “We get also some warnings about our team reacting like this and I think you have to do it, you have to protect each other,” Ten Hag continued as he addressed Saturday’s melee. “But we want to keep our standards and values at Man United - keep them high. We can't cross lines but we have to stick together and, yes, we have to stand for each other - yes.” United’s victory means they are now eight points behind leaders Arsenal in the Premier League table after playing one more game than the Gunners. 