  This week marks the three-year anniversary since Britain left the European Union, where 52 percent of the UK voted to leave while 48 percent voted remain. Nigel Farage, the former head of the Brexit Party, reflected on the occasion on GB News.     On Tuesday evening, Nigel Farage condemned the Conservative Party’s handling of Brexit. The former head of the Brexit Party said Leave voters had “every right” to feel betrayed by the Goverment. Nigel Farage spoke with GB News reporter Ben Turner and said: “The Conservative Party, who fought against it all the way, then landed us with a very bad deal. “Boris Johnson told us it was oven-ready. I mean, the oven wasn't even preheated, frankly, and I just don't think they ever really believed in it.”    Nigel Farage continued and said he felt “very disappointed” with how the Conservative Party have handled Brexit and said the party had taken on Brexit “for electoral opportunity”. The former politician also spoke of border control and why he believes this issue was so important for Leave voters. He said: “The reason the turnout in that referendum was about 10 per cent higher than all the experts thought it would be. "There was one piece of sovereignty that people really demanded was sorted out, and that was Britain's borders. “If you look today, levels of legal immigration are far higher than they were as European Union members, let alone the 45,000 people that crossed the English Channel in small dinghies last year. “I think people who voted Brexit to get back control of our borders have every right today, three years on, to feel betrayed by this Government.” READ MORE: Look around you, we have all been BETRAYED over Brexit Nigel Farage also reflected on the future of Brexif and suggested the UK could rejoin the European Union in order to “have a say” on EU laws that are still upheld. He said: “Well, I think the message that we're getting from the Government is that a deal is close on Northern Ireland. “Which will mean, I'm almost certain that constitutionally Ireland will just not be fully part of the United Kingdom. “The message I get from David Lammy, particularly from Labour, is whilst he says, on the one hand we will not rejoin the single market or the European Union, we'll rejoin virtually every other group will align ourselves to their rules”. DON'T MISS: Brexiteer pinpoints ‘greatest regret’ three years on [REVEAL]Sunak told to solve migrant crisis now or the Tories ‘are finished’ [REPORT]Nigel Farage slams Rishi Sunak over Brexit amid Channel crossings [INSIGHT] Nigel Farage also shared his thoughts on a future Labour Government and what it could mean for Brexit and said: “Assuming that Labour wins the next election, which I think is a fairly good bet, we'll finish up with a full BRINO. A full Brexit in name only. "We will be independent, but our room for manoeuvre, if we mirror everything the EU does, will be very, very limited. “That will lead down the path to some saying, ‘well, look, if we're having to accept EU laws, maybe we should be in there having a say’.” He also spoke more of the Conservative party and added: “The Conservatives won a massive majority on the back of a Get Brexit Done slogan. “Having made a terrible mess of it for over three years, Boris Johnson's government had the world at their feet. They had the chance to bring opportunity and benefit to tens of millions of Britons, and they've dropped the ball.”