Whether Olivia and John or Sandy and Danny, the Hollywood superstars were an unforgettable pair on-screen, lifelong friends off and, according to both of them in later years, shared a palpable sexual chemistry. The Australian and British icon was celebrated today at a national televised event in Melbourne. Celebrity video tributes poured in from the likes of Nicole Kidman, Hugh Jackman, Barry Gibb, Elton John, Dolly Parton and Mariah Carey, before the emotional event ended with a medley Newton-John's hits sung by Delta Goodrum. But there was no sign of Travolta, whether in person or via a pre-recorded message. As the ceremony progressed, a slew of social media posts from fans included: "Did I miss something from John Travolta... I thought he was supposed to say something... ?" "I need some explanation as to why John Travolta wasn't involved, yet he was mentioned to be doing something. I knew Delta was the last of the memorial but nothing from John Travolta not even a video message. I hope he is okay." "Thousands pay tribute to Olivia Newton-John at Australian memorial service... Where was John Travolta’s tribute? Beautiful memorial service, I was in tears throughout it xxx" "Any thoughts why John Travolta didn't get a mention at all bar in the career highlights montage? No message, no mention?" Travolta had called her "every guy’s dream" and previously posted a series of beautiful messages on and following his friend's death last year on August 8. He mourned her loss as news broke: "My dearest Olivia, you made all of our lives so much better. Your impact was incredible. I love you so much. We will see you down the road and we will all be together again. Yours from the first moment I saw you and forever! Your Danny, your John!" And on her birthday the following month, he posted a classic shot from Grease of them gazing lovingly at each other with the message, "Happy Birthday, my Olivia." DON'T MISSOlivia Newton John's memorial filled with tears as celebs pay tributeJohn Travolta on Olivia Newton-John death: Grease chemistry, that kissElvis Presley almost starred in Grease in a very iconic role Newton-John, in turn, had spoken of their deep bond from the moment they met when he persuaded her to take the part despite her misgivings about her age and previous movie missteps: "I went outside to be greeted by those piercing blue eyes and the warmest smile on the planet. "In person, John Travolta radiates pure joy and love. That day, he greeted me with a big hug like we were already lifelong friends. How could you say no to John Travolta?" There had also been rumours of their special connection during filming, with a passionate kiss captured on camera at the wrap party and the raunchy kiss filmed for an alternate ending finally surfacing in 2018. Both of them happily confessed to their powerful mutual attraction.  Newton-John said in her autobiography Don’t Stop Believin’: "Yes, we really liked each other and there was an attraction." In 2019, Travolta was asked directly whether there was sexual tension between the two of them and, as well as confirming it, said you can see it come to a head during one iconic number: "I think you saw that in You’re the One That I Want. There’s almost resolve of that tension right there." Co-star Did Conn, who played Frenchie, revealed that the deleted scene kiss was very real and not scripted: "You see for a moment she's surprised and then she responds. It's juicy and it's great. They weren't acting in that moment, it was like he had his chance and he was going to take it. It was real, it really was." Newton-John opened up in 2018 and explained why she was happy that they never acted on their passion: "We were both with other people when we were filming and I think, respectfully, it just didn’t happen." She was still with her manager boyfriend, Lee Kramer, in a tumultuous relationship that would fizzle out by 1979. Travolta was with actress Diana Hyland, who was battling breast cancer and would die in March 1977. Newton-John added: "I think it was good because I think it kept the tension there and the chemistry. It might have been a real disaster had we decided to date or we had a falling out or something. So I think it was just as well that it didn’t happen. But we’re still great friends." "The truth is, it never went beyond friendship with John despite the fact that the fans wanted for us to become a couple in real life. We left the making out to Sandy and Danny, but the deep feeling of sisterly love I have for John continues to this day." The feeling was clearly mutual and the pair continued to meet up and relished every opportunity to celebrate the ongoing success of Grease together. Newton-John described their bond as like "brother and sister." Her loss will have hit Travolta hard and one sympathetic fan explained his absence from the memorial: "I think it's still a bit raw for John Travolta to do."