Emmerdale teen Cathy (played by Gabrielle Dowling) recently confided in Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) and Brenda Walker (Lesley Dunlop) about her heavy periods. However, after some advice, Cathy sought the help of Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) and the GP wrote her a prescription for the pill, alleviating her symptoms. However, official spoilers have revealed that Bob (Tony Audenshaw) is left blindsided when he hears some important news about his daughter from Brenda. In upcoming scenes, Cathy is beginning to feel normal once again and begins to enjoy her birthday with a small gathering with her friends. Bob and Brenda decided to spy on the kids, with Brenda soon revealing to Bob that Cathy has been taking the contraceptive pill for her periods. Bob is left upset about being kept in the dark and decides to confront his daughter during the party about her heavy periods. Upset and embarrassed, she bursts into a fit of rage and Cathy orders her party guests to leave. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future Unsure of how to approach the difficult situation, can Bob find a way to be there for his daughter? Will Cathy be able to trust Brenda and Bob again after feeling let down and betrayed? Alongside his issues with Cathy, Bob is also left contemplating how to get Bernice and Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) to make peace before war breaks out again. Emmerdale boss Jane Hudson recently opened up on what was to come for the teen and told Express.co.uk and other press: "You’ll see a big story for Cathy, Bob’s daughter, which is very emotional. "It’s her first big story really and it’s a challenging one, and I think it’s one a lot of parents will connect with. "It’s one I haven’t seen a soap do before. So Cathy’s got a big storyline coming up." Theories immediately began to swirl as to what the storyline could be for Cathy, with many settling for a shocking DNA twist. Grace Seilding commented on Facebook: "I bet it turns out Cathy isn’t Bob’s daughter or Heath’s twin and there was a mix-up at the hospital." DON'T MISS...BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up [INSIGHT]BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah [LATEST]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [WATCH] Ben Forest added: "There is actually a phenomenon where two twins can have different fathers. "Because the whole swapped-at-birth thing has been done before, so perhaps Bob isn’t actually her real dad but he is Heath’s." Jenny Cook exclaimed: "Ooh I like that idea. Can’t remember that being done before!" Paul Skinner jumped in: "They’d be fraternal twins… so this could be possible if perhaps Viv cheated on Bob." However, not all fans of the ITV soap were convinced of a baby-swap storyline as they began to point out plotholes. Tim Steele argued: "They were born in a car or van out in the Moors so not much chance of them getting mixed up with another set of twins!" Christian Mateo said: "I don’t think they would mix twins up would they? And they look so alike because they are twins in real life so if it’s that it will be a bit far-fetched!" (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.