Chelsea may be stuck with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang until at least the summer. Reports claim the forward could reject a loan move to MLS side LAFC. Aubameyang has fallen well down the pecking order at Stamford Bridge. He is so out of favour that he was left out of the Blues' Champions League squad for the knockout stages. Kai Havertz has leapfrogged the former Arsenal captain as the first-choice central striker for Graham Potter. Joao Felix was signed in January and will also be ahead of him now his suspension is over. Aubameyang was linked with a move away in January. However, FIFA rules deny players to play for three different teams in one season and he already appeared for Barca at the beginning of the campaign.  A possible return to Barca was mooted but it didn't materialise. With the MLS season starting in March, rules would allow Aubameyang to make the move to LAFC. Talks have been held over a loan until the summer. But the Mail claims the 33-year-old is not overly keen on the switch, albeit temporary. Aubameyang is not happy with his situation at Chelsea, especially as he won't be featuring in the Champions League. But he is yet to be convinced that LAFC is right for him at this time. The report says there is interest from AC Milan, as well as Barca and Atletico Madrid, over a possible summer move. But he may have little action between now and then if he stays at Chelsea.  He still has 18 months remaining on his contract. However, he is unlikely to find it any easier to get into Potter's team next season. Even if Felix returns to Atletico following his loan, Chelsea have already lined up the signing of France star Christopher Nkunku. Potter understands Aubameyang will be disappointed with his position but doesn't expect him to cause any trouble. He said: "I don’t think it’s going to be difficult [not having Aubameyang] because Pierre’s a professional and of course I understand he will be disappointed. It was a tough decision, a tough call, we had three coming in and two had to go out, so he was the one that missed out. "He’s done nothing wrong at all. Pierre’s just unfortunate and he’ll be fighting for his place for the rest of the season."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here