Welsh rugby has banned the team's signature song from being sung at stadiums because of the lyrics' connotations to violence against women. The catchy tune tells the story of a man murdering his partner, but the cancellation of the song has sparked a huge backlash. As Good Morning Britain presenters discussed the story on Friday, it was revealed Sir Tom Jones, 82, is "shocked" by the sudden backlash to the song. People have blasted the decision for the song to be banned from Welsh rugby. The tune by the iconic Welsh singer has become synonymous with celebration in the sport. Good Morning Britain hosts Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway were joined by sports reporter Alison Bender to discuss the controversy. "Alison, as we've just heard, Kate was pointing out that those lyrics are stark," Ben began. READ MORE: BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up "I've sung along to this song. I've been at matches where England have played Wales, and I've enjoyed the rousing chorus of that. "I had no idea quite how stark those lyrics were, it certainly made me think, 'Actually is it an appropriate song for everybody to be singing in a sort of a glorious, joyous communal way?'" "You and me both, to be honest," Alison admitted. "I was not aware of those lyrics and to be honest it's the chorus that everyone sings along to. "And I also think there's a thing about the spirit of the song. "So it's not an aggressive song. If you listen to those particular lyrics, it can be taken as violent and aggressive. "But the chorus is rousing, it's actually very spirited. "You can imagine families and memories and generations singing along and it's part of Welsh culture as well. "You know, Tom Jones is very proud of it and is quite shocked. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway slammed as she defends Tom Jones' Delilah [REACTION]Susanna Reid 'angrily shouts' at GMB producers over mistakes [LATEST]Good Morning Britain fans 'switch off' over 'smug' guest [VIDEO] "I understand that some people think that the lyrics are inappropriate. "But I think we've got to really start thinking about you know, what this really means, because is that really going to change anything?" The Welsh Rugby Union removed Delilah from its half-time music playlist during international matches in 2015. However, the anthem has now been officially removed from the choirs' songs. Tom has commented on the song's meaning before, addressing the controversial theme, when back in 2014, he talked about his love for the song. According to Wales Online, he remarked: "I love to hear it sung at rugby games. "It makes me very proud to be Welsh. I think if they're looking into the lyric about a man killing a woman, it's not a political statement. "It's just something that happens in life [and] he just loses it." He added that rugby fans "don't think about" the words and instead focus on the iconic chorus. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.