A mother was staggered when her son was "completely f***ing livid" she charged £80-a-month board to live in the family home. The mum told her son, who is earning around £800 to £900 per month, to pay towards living costs because she and her husband are finding things "really, really tough" at the moment. But the son, who is aged 18, kicked off at the proposal despite working at the moment. He is saving to go to university in September, reports Liverpool Echo. Writing on the forum Mumsnet, the mother said: "He earns 8-900 pounds a month and I've suggested he gives me £80 a [month]. Would make up for the £60 I will lose from child benefit. He's at college and due to go to university in September he's saved around £2,000 for this already. "He is absolutely and completely f***ing livid about this situation. Things are really, really tough for us at the moment if that makes any difference. Vote away, vipers." The post divided opinion, with some backing the mum's suggestion and others supporting the student's stance.   One Mumsnet user said: "He's done well to save but he knows he'll need it for uni. It's not his fault you lose the benefits you came to rely on. Don't punish him for it." Another said: "He's earning a decent wage so paying board is the right thing to do. Me and DB [dear brother] both had to pay £40 per week back in 2000/2001. DM [dear mother] said if we didn't like it we could move out and see how we liked paying rent and bills. We paid the board." A third commented: "It wouldn't even occur to me to charge him TBH [to be honest]", while another said: "He has very few other outgoings. £80 / month will not put him in the poorhouse or damage his uni savings, but it might help him to understand that life costs money." One Mumsnet user said: "Welcome to the real world little boy. Oh no, actually in the real world, you'd be sleeping rough or paying £200 per week." And another added: "It's not ideal because it would be good if he could save the majority towards uni but the fact is he's an adult and he's earning a wage and the family is struggling. It's not as if you're asking him for a massive amount. I think it's [fair] enough if you're in a difficult position." 