Endeavour is the prequel to ITV series Inspector Morse, which saw John Thaw in the leading role. Fans of the series will know Thaw's character never mentioned his former mentor Fred Thursday, who is played by Roger Allam in Endeavour. However, fans may finally learn why he is erased from Morse's story. Roger joined Ranvir Singh on Lorraine to tease details of the final series and hinted a tragic death is on the horizon. Ranvir asked: "Have you seen the final episode?" as Roger replied: "No, not yet, no." The host continued: "I imagine it's an emotional day, it's in your diary. It's the final scenes. Were there tears?" "Yes there were certainly very close to tears on some last scenes with particular people," Roger explained. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Ranvir laughed: "You're trying not to give it away, I know." "The mystery has always been for the fans, why John Thaw's Morse never mentions a man called Fred Thursday," Roger continued. "So, there has to be some kind of explanation of that." Ranvir agreed: "Some sort of final..." as Roger continued: "A final parting of the ways, possibly even a death." "Oh my goodness, I can't cope," the Lorraine presenter gasped. Actor Roger has previously spoke about two final scenes between Thursday and Morse (played by Shaun Evans) which were "terribly emotional". "We have been having exchanges in pubs and outside of the car for all of these years," the star said. "To realise that these were the last ones had a big impact on us as well and helped in the playing of it. Because it’s literally true that this is the parting of the ways for both the characters and the actors. Let’s say it helped access the emotions of the scene. DON'T MISS...Endeavour's Shaun Evans addresses 'very difficult' ending [INSIGHT]Endeavour star says there 'needed to be an end' for Morse and Thursday [EXPLAINER]Endeavour's Shaun Evans admits 'it's time to move' on as series ends [LATEST] "Although Shaun and I have seen each other since and we will see each other again, it’s like this when you end the run of a play, you know you will never meet again to do this thing we have done over all of these years. "It’s right, of course, but it’s very sad. I’m filled with admiration for Shaun. He has had the most extraordinary energy and commitment to Endeavour over all of these years. "We have worked together questioning the scripts, I’m sure often to writer Russell Lewis’s annoyance. But always with the view of finding out what’s going on. "So we have interrogated our story together in a way I’ve never experienced with any actor before. Certainly over such a long time." Paying tribute to Shaun, Roger added: "I couldn’t have asked for a better partner to do that with. "Shaun also had an extraordinary energy when he was directing some of the films, including the first one in this final series. I don’t know how he could have done it...well, he is a tad younger than me, this is true. "But he moved with the most extraordinary ease behind and in front of the camera. He used his camera team tremendously well, always taking advice, and dealt with them with such respect, and was also good at talking to actors about what the scene is about and how we should pitch it and things like that. Just really great.” Endeavour airs Sunday on ITV at 8pm.