A man who was obsessed with his pigs and afraid they might get a disease stamped his father to death to stop him from bringing new animals onto their farm. Tony Thomas, 46, has been indefinitely detained in hospital after attacking his dad, Dafydd Thomas, 65, near Porthmadog, in Gwynedd, Wales. A jury heard that Thomas has a history of mental health issues and had a psychotic breakdown before the attack. He was convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility. The judge at Caernarfon Crown Court said the brutal attack took the life of a “remarkable man”. The court heard about Tony's obsession with the pigs on the farm he ran with his parents. After hearing his father talk about the possibility of introducing new animals onto the farm, he grew concerned that they may carry disease and infect his pigs. The prosecution suggested this was the "trigger" that eventually led to the brutal attack. Thomas said that he was “overwhelmed with anger, like a fuse blowing in his head”, after seeing an email containing an official notice for moving animals. After confronting his father and dragging him off a truck, he then threw him on the ground and kicked him, before stamping on his head. Mr Thomas died from “catastrophic injuries” to his face. However, Tony was not charged with murder, due to evidence he had a schizoaffective disorder when he made the attack. The court had also heard about his previous diagnosis of being bipolar as well as his several admissions to mental health hospitals in the past. READ MORE: Tower Bridge closed following 'police incident' [REVEAL] In a victim impact statement, Mr Thomas' daughter Elin told the court about the tragedy of losing him. She told the court: "He will never get to walk me down the aisle. We were a close family. I can't describe the loss we all feel that we don't get to see him every day." Judge Rhys Rowlands said Tony was a "dangerous offender" - but added that his actions were driven by mental illness. His sentence includes an indefinite hospital order as well as a further indefinite restriction order. DON'T MISS: Rapists sentenced to less than three years behind bars in 2022 [REVEAL]UK's most dangerous places to live ranked in new map [INSIGHT]Family save home from blaze after squatters cause 'major' fire [ANALYSIS] 