A five-year-old girl died suddenly after what her family thought was just a sickness bug. Isabella Grace Docherty died on February 13 after complaining of feeling sick. Despite the best efforts of paramedics, she later died at Wishaw General Hospital, Scotland. A post-mortem recorded the death as inconclusive, a result her mother said is "killing us inside". Speaking to the Daily Record, Pamale Little said there were "no red flags whatsoever". The mum-of-three said Bella started "vomiting suddenly" but it was "nothing majorly concerning", thinking she has picked up a stomach bug after some of her friends had been ill. Ms Little said: "She was still asking for food, including a McDonald's and was bossing us around. "There were no red flags whatsoever." She said Bella wouldn't sleep so her dad went downstairs to try and settle her on the sofa. "At 4am she vomited suddenly and collapsed on the floor. Brian screamed at me to come down me. When I came in he was holding her in his arms. I brushed her hair away from her face and my instincts told me she was gone," Ms Little added. She said everything that came after that was a "nightmare". The family had previously been told Bella had an abnormality on her brain but her parents don't believe this was connected to her death. READ MORE: Mum wakes up screaming at night after finding teenage son dead Ms Little said: "They didn't know exactly what it was and now they may never find out. She was due to go into the hospital last week as an in-patient for some testing but unfortunately, suddenly, she's gone." She said the family has been left "absolutely broken" by the loss of their "caring little diva". Ms Little, who is also mum to Leon, 15 and Ellie, 13 added: "Me and her dad are taking it hour by hour. The kids are devastated. Ellie saw everything so she's pretty traumatised. She shared a room with Bella so she's not come home yet." A fundraising page has been set up to help raise money for Bella's funeral. A fundraising page has been set up to help raise money Bella's funeral. Organiser Stacey Banks said she wanted to help the family through the "unbearable pain and suffering" they are going through. "Any donations towards our beautiful Bella's celebration of life would be greatly appreciated." You can donate here.