There's no replacement for eating healthily and getting enough exercise, but sometimes you've got an event coming up and need a quick fix. Influencer Dominique Sachse took to YouTube to share a style hack for women who want to look lean and toned. Dominique told her female subscribers that the clothes they wear - right down to shape, style and colour - can play a big part in making someone look bigger or smaller. She began: "How cool is it to be able to take what's in your closet and instantaneously look 10lbs slimmer?" Her first tip was to experiment with monochromatic dressing, meaning dressing in only one colour. READ MORE: Meghan shared how women can look 'a million times better' in clothes  Many believe that head-to-toe black is the only way they can look slender but according to Dominique "that is so not true". Monochromatic dressing does not need to be black and could be any number of colours - blue, green, orange, etc. She suggested taking advantage of a "beautiful and bright colour": "What I love about bright colours is that they scream confidence and it draws attention to that flattering colour that you boldly chose." Dominique recommended picking an A-line dress in one bold colour and watching how quickly it nips you in. The trick is to keep the dress fitted around the "areas you want to celebrate". A low neckline will elongate the neck while long sleeves will elongate the arms. The A-line design will cinch in the waist whilst "hiding a little bit of the hip and thigh area". But when it comes to looking slimmer in an instant, are there some colours that are better than others? READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' Dominique said: "If you don't own a bold coloured dress yet and you're not sure quite which direction to go, might I encourage you to start with red? She explained that the colour is versatile, with tomato and orangey red suiting warm skin tones and blueish-red suiting cool skin tones. Dominique's next tip was to invest in shapewear. It's not all about the show-stopping dress but what's under it too - "it's a must". She told her subscribers: "Everybody needs a good pair of Spanx and a good bra." There are lots of different shapewear out there which can address a multitude of issues. Whether you are self-conscious of your tummy, your thighs, hips or bust, there is shapewear to pull these bits up and in. Shapewear is essentially a garment worn under clothes which helps to create a smooth silhouette and sculpt your figure.