Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's reaction to being delisted from Chelsea's Champions League squad has reportedly emerged. Graham Potter has brutally snubbed Aubameyang for the knockout stages to register a few of his influx of January signings. On Thursday, Potter admitted to reporters that there were 'awkward' conversations in store ahead of the 11pm deadline to confirm his 25-man squad. And one of those discussions will have been with Aubameyang, who was absent from Chelsea's list when UEFA published it this afternoon. According to the Telegraph, the 33-year-old has been left shocked and disappointed by Potter's decision to leave him out for the knockout stages. Aubameyang registered two goals and one assist in six group-stage games as Chelsea finished above AC Milan in Group E. But the surprise snub has left his future at Stamford Bridge in serious doubt, and he is convinced that the club are trying to force him out. DON'T MISS: Chelsea's 4 biggest let-downs in Fulham draw as two stars make debut   Chelsea could only add three of their eight new signings to the squad under UEFA rules, selecting Enzo Fernandez, Mykhaylo Mudryk and Joao Felix.  It meant £35million centre-back Benoit Badiashile and £29m winger Noni Madueke joined Aubameyang in missing out.  The addition of the new trio meant Potter had to remove a current player, with Hakim Ziyech the expected victim after his failed deadline-day switch to Paris Saint-Germain.  But the report claims Potter explained his decision to Aubameyang on Thursday, and suggestions that it is a form of punishment for an unknown disciplinary issue have been shut down. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing! Aubameyang, who joined in a £12m deal from Barcelona in the summer, was also left out of Chelsea's squad for Friday's 0-0 draw with Fulham. He has become somewhat of a forgotten man in west London, not even being worth a mention on the club's website when announcing their Champions League squad. And it's no surprise Aubameyang will feel hard done by, given the club assured him that Thomas Tuchel's sacking just a week after he recruited him would have no impact on his status. Chelsea travel to Borussia Dortmund for the first leg of their last-16 clash on February 15 before the Bundesliga giants visit Stamford Bridge on March 7. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here