Thousands of households can get up to £650 free cash for food or energy bills to help with rising costs. Councils are provided with a pot of money from the Government which they can then hand out to those on low incomes. Each local authority decides how to allocate their portion of the fund so what people will get depends on where they live. That means households are receiving different amounts depending on the area. The money is being distributed in different ways too - some councils are giving out supermarket vouchers while others are paying the money directly into people's bank accounts. Households in Wokingham can get £120 in food, fuel or cash vouchers. READ MORE: Nationwide is offering 'attractive' 5 percent interest rate - plus chance of £250 boost They must also fall under one of the following: People have until Friday March 31 to apply, otherwise, they'll miss out. Families in Manchester can get up to £650 in free cash to help them with the cost of living from the fund. Households in Luton can get up to £500 in free supermarket vouchers.  READ MORE: ‘I’m addicted': Woman shares 'hidden gem' that helps knock 50% off her monthly food shop Meanwhile, thousands in Exeter have just days left to apply for up to £650 of support. How people apply depends on where they live. In some cases, residents are being asked to apply directly on council websites. But individuals might be able to call through and apply too. The best thing to do is get in touch with the local council to see if they are eligible and how to apply. If people don't know what council area they fall under they can use the locator tool found on the Government's website. If people are not eligible for the Household Support Fund they might be able to get help through different means. Lots of energy companies offer grants to customers who are struggling with bills, including British Gas, EDF and E.On. In some cases, individuals might be able to get up to £1,500 worth of help, so it's worth seeing if they’re eligible. The best thing to do is contact one’s supplier to see what they have on offer. Millions of households should be in the process of receiving the £400 energy rebate as well. Two payments worth £66 were paid in October and November and a third of £67 in December. The remaining three payments worth £66 will be paid in January, February and March.