Barcelona goal hero Raphinha couldn't hide his anger at being subbed in the final stages of the Europa League clash with Manchester United as he was spotted 'punching a chair several times'. Barcelona and United's Europa League play-off tie was always going to be a blockbuster affair with both teams in excellent form heading into Thursday night's match. After a relatively quiet first half, the tie burst into life when Marcos Alonso scored the opener for Barcelona before Marcus Rashford made it 1-1 moments later. Jules Kounde then inadvertently hit the ball into his own net to give United the lead, but there was still time for more drama as Raphinha's wicked deep cross evaded everybody and flew past David de Gea into the back of the net. Raphinha had been terrorising Tyrell Malacia all game down Barcelona's right-hand side. But Xavi made a surprise decision to sub the star Brazlian off in the final stages of the match. Raphinha couldn't believe when he saw his number displayed on the board and sulked as he walked off the pitch, batting Xavi's outstretched hand away. And the former Leeds winger was still furious on the subs bench with Jordi Alba seen trying to calm him down.  But cameras spotted Raphinha still failing to control his emotions and he was seen 'throwing several punches' at the chair in front of him. The 26-year-old was replaced by Ferran Torres for the final few minutes of the Europa League tie. Torres was unable to affect the match as Barcelona pushed for a winner in the final few minutes with United holding on for a 2-2 draw. It leaves the tie finely poised heading into the second leg next week at Old Trafford and Erik ten Hag wants to see his side "finish it". "I think we dictated the game, apart from maybe 15 minutes in the first half, we had some difficulties, but in the rest, we were dictating the game and we had so many chances," he said. "I was a little bit disappointed that at half-time it was 0-0 because we should have scored and the opportunities they had we created by ourselves. But I think it was a great game. "Two attacking teams. I think it was a Champions League game, even more than that, so I really enjoyed the game. In the end [it finished] 2-2, and we have to finish it in Old Trafford."  