Steph Curry and Magic Johnson led the plaudits for LeBron James after the LA Lakers star became the NBA's all-time leading scorer, breaking Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's legendary 39-year-old record. James scored 38 points in the Lakers' 133-130 loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder, finishing the match with a career tally of 38,390 points - three more than Jabbar's total of 38,387. Jabbar was at the game to congratulate James and said: "I thought it had every chance of being broken. "It just had to have someone that the offense focused on continually. LeBron's career is one of someone who planned to dominate this game. You have to give him credit for just the way he played and for the way he's lasted and dominated." Four-time NBA champion Curry was also quick to praise James, tweeting: "Congrats @KingJames …legendary stuff right there #38388". Johnson, who is a five-time NBA champion and former Lakers teammate of Jabbar, also hailed James in a series of tweets, writing: "Congratulations to LeBron for breaking the NBA all-time scoring record with 38,388 career points! JUST IN: LeBron James emotional as LA Lakers megastar breaks NBA points record "Wow, never in my lifetime did I think I would see two NBA athletes score over 38,000 points! I still remember when my Showtime teammate, the legendary Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, broke the record. It was an honor to be the guy to pass it to him and cement his legacy! "This historic moment is so special because we will never see another LeBron James. He's always been a pass-first leader whose ability to make his teammates better is one-of-a-kind; which makes his breaking the record even more incredible! "He's fourth all-time on the NBA assists list and now number one in scoring. By the time he's done playing, I don't think anyone will ever surpass LeBron as the NBA all-time leading scorer! DON'T MISSLakers 'sending message' to LeBron James after Kyrie Irving trade failLuka Doncic sent message to Mavericks chiefs over Kyrie Irving tradeCeltics could seal Durant trade as 'phone calls' made to the Nets  "LeBron is such an amazing man on and off the court. He's an incredible entrepreneur, does outstanding charitable work in Ohio and across the country, and he always lends his voice and platform to those who don’t have a voice; especially the Black community. "I want to personally thank you LeBron for trusting & believing in me & the Lakers in 2018 when I was president of basketball operations. Everything you said you would do, you've done; led the Lakers to a championship, elevated the Lakers brand, & gave back to the city of LA!"