Alya (played by Sair Khan) has been recovering after she was attacked in Speed Daal during a refugee event. Max (Paddy Beaver) was found guilty of inciting the attack after Blake (ACTOR) watched the video he made whilst involved with Griff Reynold's (Michael Condron) far-right group. Now, Coronation Street viewers are concerned for Max's well-being and fear that the youngster will be leaving Weatherfield in a heartbreaking way. David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) had asked Alya to go and see Max in his centre as he wanted to apologise for what had happened. At first, she refused to go but was soon convinced by Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard), however, the conversation didn't end well. Max began: "I just wanted to tell you I am sorry. I know you probably don't believe me but..." However, Alya interrupted and fumed: "It's not that I don't believe you, I just don't care. All I care about is you lost. You're stuck in here, your mate Griff is going to get life. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall "And I have got justice for what you did to me. So what did you want? You made those videos, you edited them, you picked the music, and you wrote the voiceover. "And yet at no point did you stop to think about what you were trying to achieve. Let me tell you what I think. "I think that you wanted people like you to hate people like me. You got your followers whipped up with anger and rage and you said that we were to blame. "Blake might have been the one to stab me but you handed him the knife." Max tried to explain to Alya what his intentions were when making the videos, but his lack of explanation only left her angry. She slammed: "People like you with bombs and knives. So if you're not the bad guys then who is it? Is it me? Is it my gran? What exactly that you believe Max?" Getting upset, Max exclaimed: "I don't know. It sounded better when Griff said it." Alya interrupted and expressed: "There it is. You need Griff to do your thinking for you, without him working you from the back your just a pathetic, stupid little boy. DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife stars detail 'heart-stopping' wardrobe malfunction [LATEST]EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue  [WATCH] "You didn't have to listen. I am not here to help you on some journey of self-discovery. But do you know one thing, they said your family didn't listen. "I bet they did and I bet you just didn't like what they said, so maybe if you are looking for answers start there," she raged before walking out. Later, Max called home to ask David if he could come and visit him at the centre, despite previously asking him not to. This left fans concerned about how Max was coping with what had happened to him and took to Twitter to express their theories. @LexieAshmore wrote: "Sounds like he wants to gather them all to say his goodbyes #coronationstreet #corrie." Macy Andrews commented: "As much as he did wrong I am slightly concerned for Max right now... did he ask David to go and see him to say goodbye?" (sic) @WestINDIEShome added: "Concerned for Max is a sentence I didn't think I would say... he seems so lost and unable to cope with his emotions." Casey Jenkins said: "Can someone check in on Max please? Getting a grilling from Alya and then calling David for a visit... is he saying goodbye?" (sic) Sarah Pratt tweeted: "Feel so sorry for Max. Even though he is in the wrong, he still doesn't deserve to be spoke too like that." @Craigybabbey tweeted: "Well done for Alya for speaking her mind. I hope a visit from David, Shona and Lily will cheer him up." (soc) National Suicide Prevention Helpline UK: 0800 689 5652 www.spbristol.org/NSPHUK. The helpline offers a supportive listening service to anyone with thoughts of suicide. Open overnight from 6pm to 3.30am every day. If you are unable to connect to the main number above you can call 0800 689 0880. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.