Queen Charlotte (played by Golda Rosheuvel) has been a fan-favourite presence on Bridgerton ever since the first season kicked off the franchise back in 2020. Now one of Netflix’s most popular dramas is set to expand, and a brand new trailer for the queen’s mysterious love affair with King George (Corey Mylchreest) has revealed how the alternate history drama all began. The new trailer for Bridgerton’s first spin-off has exposed the beginnings of Charlotte’s hot and heavy romance with the young king. Netflix’s popular historical drama from Shonda Rhimes reimagines the real-life monarch as a black woman who expanded the roles of people of colour throughout Regency London. Its first prequel series will introduce Mylchreest as the young king who falls in love with Charlotte (India Amarteifio), inspiring huge ramifications for society in the process. An official description confirms the series will show “how the young Queen's marriage to King George sparked both a great love story and a societal shift, creating the world of the Ton inherited by the characters in Bridgerton.” READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments The trailer begins with Charlotte arriving at the palace amongst a crowd of excited onlookers. She later meets King George and is cut short when she tries to curtsey. “Your Majesty,” she says before the king grabs her hand and corrects her, “Hello Charlotte. I’m George.” Charlotte is then taken to an extravagant ball to dance with her new lover before she receives a stark warning. George’s mother Princess Augusta (Michelle Fairley) says: “Your marriage is the business of this country. This cannot go wrong.” More clips reveal the couple breaking their hands from each other and Charlotte storming away from George, presumably after an argument. Although their earth-shattering romance won’t be easy, there will also be plenty of time for the couple to enjoy their love affair along the way. The trailer promises several steamy scenes as the couple removes their clothes and makes a mess of a dining table with footmen looking on. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [VIDEO]FBI Most Wanted star ‘out my comfort zone’ in three-part crossover [INTERVIEW]The Rookie fans emotional after Annie Wersching tribute [REACTION] Meanwhile, a young Lady Danbury (Arsema Thomas) warns: “You are the first of your kind. You must secure your position.” Other shots also confirm Rosheuvel will return as older Charlotte, as well as Adjoa Andoh as the original Danbury and Bridgerton matriarch Violet (Ruth Gemmell). Connie Jenkins-Greig will portray a young Violet Ledger, and rounding out the cast will be Sam Clemmett as Charlotte’s secretary Brimsley and Richard Cunningham as Lord Bute. The trailer concludes with Charlotte being crowned queen, setting the events of the original Bridgerton series fully in motion. “This is my home,” she says triumphantly. “I am the queen.” Sadly, her story is destined to end in tragedy, as the older King George (James Fleet) is suffering from severe mental illness in the main series. However, the six-part prequel will expand on the epic love story which came before while fans wait for the mainline drama to return for its third season. Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story will premiere Thursday, May 4 on Netflix.