Chelsea will be losing the most clinical finisher of all their regular starters if Mason Mount leaves the club this summer. Mount is out of contract at the end of next season and has been tipped to move on this year after refusing to put pen to paper on a new deal in west London. Chelsea have experienced a dire campaign in front of goal this time around and have scored just 23 times in 23 Premier League matches. On Saturday they drew another blank as they suffered the ignominy of losing 1-0 to basement side Southampton at Stamford Bridge. The Blues have signed a whole host of new strikers since Todd Boehly bought the club at the end of last May. But all of them have failed to ignite the Chelsea frontline, with rival teams finding it far too easy to keep them at bay during encounters. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has a shot conversion rate of 10 per cent, while Joao Felix has scored just 8.3 per cent of the shots he has taken. And Raheem Sterling has converted a dismal 7.1 per cent of his efforts, according to Sky Sports. JUST IN: Jorginho opens up on reasons why he ditched Chelsea for Arsenal Apart from Armando Broja, who hasn’t featured since rupturing his cruciate ligament while playing in a friendly for Chelsea during the break for the World Cup, regular starter Mount has been his team’s most clinical finisher. The England attacker has become a key player for Chelsea in recent years and has netted 13 per cent of his shots since the start of October, notching three goals in the process. Mount scored 11 Premier League goals last season, while also contributing 10 assists - so his efforts in front of goal are clearly significant. And Chelsea could be shooting themselves in the foot if they don’t tie him down to a new contract. DON'T MISS Man Utd dressing room's private reaction to Jadon Sancho treatmentSerena Williams, Hamilton and Rashford glam up for London Fashion WeekGary Neville admits he 'can't get head' around Guardiola decision  Mount came through the Blues academy and signed a five-year contract back in 2019. But, according to the Daily Star, the 24-year-old will be sold this summer if he doesn’t agree to a new deal. Chelsea and Mount have been in negotiations about a contract extension since the start of the season, with the club desperate for him to remain in the capital. Mount wants to stay where he is but is demanding a salary that reflects his importance to the team and is similar to that of fellow academy graduate and England international Reece James. But the Blues are reluctant to offer him the same amount - and Manchester United, Manchester City and Liverpool are all thought to be in the running to snap the ace up. 