Nicola Sturgeon’s sister claims her parents have been subjected to ”abuse” since the First Minister’s shock announcement that she was quitting earlier this month. And she urged the perpetrators to leave the couple alone, saying the abuse had left her feeling “livid”. Writing on Facebook, Gillian Sturgeon, an NHS worker, posted: "She’s resigned. She’s no longer a thorn in your side. "STAY AWAY from my parents. I am fuming.” Emphasising that she had contacted the police, she said the “abuse” had been particularly bad over the course of the last few days. She added: "They are trying to get one last dig. But to target my poor parents makes me livid. "I really worry for the three running for First Minister. Their families won’t get peace." A Police Scotland spokesman said: “We were made aware of an item of clothing delivered to a property in the Dreghorn area on Thursday, 23 February. “There was no risk posed by the item and enquiries into the incident are ongoing.” JUST IN: Police swoop on gangs helping British expats obtain residence permits Speaking last week as she confirmed her decision to quit the job she has done for the last eight years, Ms Sturgeon, 52, said she was looking forward to seeing more of her family, including her niece and nephew - Gillian’s children. Mum Joan, 70, herself a former SNP councillor, said: “For the past few years, she has been Nicola the politician, who never switches off. “Now, as a family, we get her back. We’re immensely proud of her. We’re all delighted. She’s done a brilliant job.” Kate Forbes, Ash Regan and Humza Yousaf have all advanced to the membership vote in the SNP leadership contest after securing enough nominations, the party confirmed today. DON'T MISSThousands urged to switch off electricity tonight in new test [REPORT]Octopus Energy absorbs another supplier as 60,000 customers warned [REVEAL]Mum's solar panel perks which includes making money from energy [INSIGHT] Candidates had to secure the backing of at least 100 members from a minimum of 20 local branches by noon on Friday. All three of the declared candidates did so, ending the possibility of a surprise entrant into the contest. A spokesman for the SNP said: "With the 12pm deadline now past, we can confirm that all three declared candidates for the leadership of the SNP - Kate Forbes, Ash Regan and Humza Yousaf - have passed the threshold of nominations by at least 100 SNP members drawn from at least 20 SNP branches." The candidates will now hit the campaign trail to persuade members they can lead the party - and the country as first minister. The ballot will open at noon on March 13, closing two weeks later at the same time on March 27.