Selling a property can be daunting, especially if you’re looking to buy another property at the same time. Small changes can make a huge difference to a home’s sales price, especially in the current property market where prices are starting to cool. After a house-buying boom, the UK property market is starting has cooled with buyers now acting more cautiously in the face of economic headwinds. To get the most money you can for your property, an estate agent has shared the “worst mistakes” you can make when it comes to selling your home. According to prime residential property agent Jeremy Karpel of TK International in Hampstead, one of the “worst mistakes” sellers can make when selling their property is not tidying up. Not completing the simple task of tidying could cost sellers up to 10 percent of their home’s sales value. Jeremy said: “It’s amazing how many people treat their homes like one big storage facility. READ MORE: Princess Anne lives in 'gorgeous' 700-acre mansion with '1950s décor' “If you leave boxes, laundry, tools, and kids’ toys lying around it’s bound to influence saleability. “Apart from looking unsightly, it makes rooms seem much smaller if you have to navigate around the mess. “In the worst cases, this can cost sellers up to 10 percent sales value.” If you’re making the decision to sell your home, you must be prepared to go some way to keeping it tidy when strangers are being invited in to view your home. DON'T MISS‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [INSIGHT]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [UPDATE]House sales plunge by 30% as market 'cools' - one area avoids slump [ANALYSIS] We find the longer buyers stay in the property, the more likely they are to see themselves living in it. If it’s a mess, buyers are going to be less inclined to stay longer. Just spending a couple of weekends before you market your home tidying up and clearing your space could make a huge difference. Jeremy uses the phrase “theatre of the home” when meeting clients. He spends time seeing how they live and what they have in their homes to give it a unique character to attract buyers. READ MORE: Interior design pro shares six home decor ‘sins’ to ‘never’ make Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Some of these aspects include the sellers’ choice in artwork or the books on their bookshelves, coffee tables, or in their kitchens. He added: “What might not be so obvious to buyers, but definitely makes a difference are details like the choice of music on the piano, décor and colour schemes, houseplants and garden landscaping. “This applies to all styles of interiors whether they’re contemporary or more traditional. “A compelling, decoratively exciting and comfortable interior will go a long way towards making the viewing enjoyable, interesting and will increase a vendor’s chances of securing an offer.” First impressions A freshly cleaned or recently painted front door and polished door furniture give a great first impression. Natural light Keep windows clean, inside and out to allow natural light to flood into the property. Colour Add a little colour with soft furnishings or art on the wall, especially if your home has a neutral palette. Smells Keep diffusers dotted around the house, or stick to the classics like hot coffee on the hob and freshly baked or toasted bread.