Manchester United star Marcus Rashford has hailed Casemiro after their 2-0 victory over Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. Erik ten Hag masterminded a big win at Wembley to end the club’s six-year wait for a trophy. Now, they’ll be hoping to win more silverware - especially given they’re still in with a chance of a historic quadruple. Casemiro netted the opener against Newcastle, with the former Real Madrid star expertly powering home a header following a fine delivery from Luke Shaw. And Rashford made the result safe before half time, with the England international’s deflected strike looping over Loris Karius and into the net. It was a day of celebrations for United, who have now added another trophy to their sizeable cabinet. And Rashford, speaking to club media after the game, singled out Casemiro for praise and opened up on what players were saying about the 31-year-old. “He makes a huge difference, his leadership and experience in games is huge,” said the United attacker. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “I've spoken to some of the other forwards and on the pitch they feel that sense of security behind them. “It's massive for us and I'm buzzing for him today, his first trophy for the club and hopefully he can push us now to get even more.” For Rashford, there’s no better feeling than winning a cup. He also said: “It's massive for us to be involved in these types of games, something that we've missed as a club. “The fact that we've come all this way and we've gone on and won is a massive feeling but hopefully it pushes us now to keep going. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes “I'm happy right now so it doesn't matter! I'm buzzing with the result, the boys and the staff have put a lot of work in to get here and to go on and win it is just a massive feeling.” Few expected United to win anything at the start of the season. But Ten Hag has masterminded a remarkable resurgence at Old Trafford, with the Red Devils still going strong in three other competitions. The Dutchman cut a happy figure at the final whistle, joining in the celebrations with the rest of his players. And, speaking to Sky Sports, he hailed the Red Devils for being behind each other as they took the trophy home. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I just want to win!” he said. "We invested from the start of the season with the staff, they did an incredible job, with the players - staff and players they are together. "Together [are] also the fans, [it's] really surprising how the fans stay, and there's real hungerness and a desire for trophies, because Man United stands for trophies. "Raphael Varane, Casemiro and David de Gea know how to win trophies and you need such lads on the pitch to point the team. "They have the winning attitude they have to bring it in the dressing room, in difficult situations and that is what they have done." Newcastle boss Eddie Howe, meanwhile, admitted his side weren’t ruthless enough in front of goal during the contest. "I thought we played well today, there is always fine margins between victory and defeat,” he said. "I thought probably the final third today, but we were disappointed with conceding from a set play, and goals change games but I thought we were in it right until the end and if we got the third goal of the game it would have made it an interesting end to the match, but it just never came for us." When asked if his side were unlucky to be losing at half time, he added: "Very much so, I thought we had the best chances early in the match. “Overall I think we can be very proud of our performance but we were just not clinical enough in front of goal and the two goals, I am not sure whether it is a free-kick but we have to defend those situations better."