Inspector Morse ran for 13 years on ITV, with the stories developed from the book series of the same name by author Colin Dexter. So when Endeavour first landed on the network, the crime drama already had a loyal fanbase who couldn't wait to find out all there was to know about young Morse. Throughout the prequel, he has had an ongoing flirtationship with DI Fred Thursday's (Roger Allam) daughter Joan Thursday (Sarah Vickers), but it is already known that the romance was doomed from the start. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Endeavour.Endeavour and Joan have undeniable chemistry and were drawn to one another when they know it would be easier to stay away. He is an intelligent but tortured soul, whereas Joan is hoping to find an adoring husband who can give her what she needs. Unfortunately, those who are fans of the original Inspector Morse show, know that he spends the rest of his life as a single man, having never married or had children. So their love story was never meant to be, but exactly why they don't end up together is going to be explored in the upcoming ninth season. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale Young Endeavour Morse has been portrayed by actor Shaun Evans for all eight seasons on ITV. Prior to the crime series, he made a name for himself in shows like Teachers, Ashes to Ashes, Whitechapel, Silk, and most recently, Vigil with Suranne Jones and Martin Compston. Some viewers may also recognise him for playing Jimmy in the TV adaptation of Martina Cole's The Take with Tom Hardy in 2009. While there is plenty to know about his career, little is out there about his private life. It isn't known if actor Shaun Evans is married or if he is even dating anyone. Evans doesn't have any form of social media and doesn't talk about what he gets up to away from work, so there is no inkling if he has a better half. The only time he has been seen publicly dating was way back in 2003 when he first got together with singer Andrea Corrs from The Corrs. The Irish 1990s band sang hits like Runaway, Breathless, What Can I Do, Radio and So Young. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin  [THEORY]Abigail Thaw's father is famous in the Endeavour world [CAST]Endeavour's Roger Allam hints at tragic Fred Thursday death  [SPOILER] Their relationship wasn't to last as Evans and Corrs sadly split up in 2007. From then on, Evans has made a point of not giving away any information about his life away from the camera. He told Ox in a Box: "[Endeavour has] little impact on my life which I like because I’m not a person who has a public persona, or a profile on social media. "I just like to do my job and then go home and carry on with my life." Season nine is going to be the last ever series of Endeavour, ITV confirmed earlier this year. Once again, the series is going to consist of just three episodes, each with a running time of about 90 minutes. What isn't known, however, is what will cause Endeavour, and the Thursdays to drift apart. Endeavour season nine premieres on Sunday, February 26, at 8pm on ITV.