Any hope of Meghan Markle running for office has been "completely destroyed" as Americans want someone they can "trust" in the White House, according to royal expert Kinsey Schofield. It has long been rumoured that the Duchess of Sussex harboured political ambitions and Joe Biden's sister Valerie Biden Owens even once claimed the Democrats would welcome Meghan with open arms. During a discussion about the now viral episode of South Park depicting cartoon caricatures of the Duke and Duchess, Ms Schofield was asked about Meghan Markle's political career. She didn't have high hopes for the Duchess. "I think it's completely destroyed, do the American public want somebody's husband in the White House who openly admits to drug use? Who openly wore a Nazi costume? " the host of the To Di For Daily podcast began. She continued: "Not only did he wear a Nazi costume but he blames his brother and his [brother's] wife for wearing the Nazi costume. Do they want somebody in the White House who can't keep a secret? Who has been so utterly disloyal?" The episode slams the Sussexes recent media blitz and the release of Prince Harry's memoir Spare which made numerous allegations against the Royal Family.  In the cartoon, the Prince and Princess of Canada - the Prince has Harry's red hair while the Princess wears Meghan's famous dusky pink 2018 outfit - have taken a "Worldwide Privacy Tour". The Prince of Canada has also written a book titled Waaagh, which the cartoon couple promote on a talk show. The mockery centres on the couple's desire for privacy despite very public projects which keep them in the limelight. "Harry should have never gone into details about his private parts and he shouldn't have gone into details about William," Ms Schofield opined. Speaking to Sky News Australia she added: "It just shows you that this is a really immature couple and I don't think in any way, shape or form that the American public would allow her the opportunity to move into the White House."  READ MORE: What Americans really think of Harry and Meghan South Park appearance The royal expert also claimed Meghan began "burning bridges" long before she met Harry. The comments come as the Duchess of Sussex is reportedly "upset and overwhelmed" at the couple's portrayal in the episode, according to a source speaking to The Spectator. The show's creators, Matt Stone and Trey Parker, are no strangers to controversy and have riffed on many numerous celebrities, politicians and royals throughout its 26 seasons. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 