Fern Britton, 65, could not contain her excitement as she took to Twitter earlier today to announce the release date for the paperback version of her book, The Good Servant. However, the former This Morning presenter was soon forced to backtrack as she realised she got the date completely wrong. In view of her 135,200 followers, Fern announced: “Good morning all! The paperback of #TheGoodServant is out a week today!!! “Ready for Mother’s Day and Easter. “And I see that on Amazon the Hardback edition is £1 cheaper than the paperback will be so … fyi.” (sic) However, it wasn’t long after Fern returned to the microblogging site to apologise to fans for her blunder in a follow-up tweet. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais tickles fans with 'outrageous' backstage demands She said: “ERROR!!! apologies. It is published on June 8 not next week. “BUT I can reveal the cover next week. I was suffering from excitement interruptus.” (sic) The mishap happened after earlier this month, Fern was called out by fans after making an awkward error when confessing her love for a fellow TV star. The TV star was left exclaiming “oops” after one of her Twitter followers alerted her to an unfortunate mishap in a very candid tweet. The author is believed to be single following her split from ex-husband Phil Vickery, 61, in 2020. But in a very candid confession, Fern couldn’t resist declaring her love for Kevin McCloud, 63, while tuning into his hit Channel 4 series Grand Designs. Fern took to social media to admit she is a “little bit in love” with the television presenter, but was called out after awkwardly spelling his name wrong. The ITV star confessed: “Im a little bit in love with #KevinMcleod #GrandDesigns. (sic) DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE] “Am I at the back of the queue?” It wasn’t long before fans inundated the comments section of Fern’s admission, with one pointing out her blunder. @stormabigail27 replied alongside a thinking face emoji: “Should be @Kevin_McCloud. “Your #tag leads to a different guy…” After realising her mistake, Fern simply responded by tweeting: “Oops ….” Going on to correct herself, the writer tweeted in a follow-up post: “Spelling !!!! Mr K McCloud !” (sic) Sadly for Fern, Kevin is already married, tying the knot with his partner Jenny Jones last November. The couple got married five years after the Grand Designs host split from his wife of 23 years, Suzanna McCloud, with whom he has a son and daughter.