Eight fire engines and more than 60 firefighters rushed to a fire that ripped through part of Balham High Road overnight. The London Fire Brigade was called to the popular high street in the capital shortly before 4am and arrived to an intense fire at the scene. The firefighters tackled the blaze for hours before bringing it under control just after 6am this morning, while locals assessed the damage. Reports of an overnight blaze at the Italian restaurant Ciullõsteria prompted the Fire Brigade to act. Local residents were quickly ordered to evacuate while the firefighters grappled with the fire. It is thought that the fire had erupted at a shisha bar at the rear of the restaurant. The fire quickly ripped through the commercial property which sat on the ground floor of a three-storey building. JUST IN: Key mysteries of Nicola Bulley's disappearance that remain unsolved  The blaze then spread to the residential properties above. Firefighters in breathing apparatus could be seen searching the affected properties above the blaze. Along with the eight fire engines, an aerial ladder was also dispatched to combat the fire. Afterward, the London Fire Brigade confirmed that while the bar was completely destroyed by the fire, luckily no one was injured. During the blaze, the A24 Balham High Road was closed in both directions at the junction of Ravenswood Road, while local bus routes were impacted as well. The cause of the fire is unknown at this time, but an investigation has been launched. Fire crews from across Wandsworth, including Tooting, Clapham, Battersea and other surrounding fire stations, all attended the scene. DON'T MISS: Staggering 91% of readers agree Tories have made a ‘mess’ of Brexit [POLL]Even Inspector Clouseau would see what Pink Panther fan Boris is up to [COMMENT]Meghan and Harry set for new 'fun' Netflix series after damaging Firm [LIVE BLOG]  The fire in Wandsworth is the latest in a busy 24 hours for the London Fire Brigade, which tackled a fire in a high-rise block of flats in south-east London on Friday night. The incident prompted the fire service to issue another safety warning about "incredibly concerning" fires involving e-bikes in London after the vehicle had caught fire. It was believed to have been caused by a faulty lithium battery in the device. London Fire Brigade says it dealt with 88 fires involving e-bikes in 2022, up from 49 a year earlier, which is an 80 percent increase.