Sir Keir Starmer gave a car crash interview this morning, in which he dodged five questions on Labour's plan for Britain. He was left squirming on BBC Radio 4s Today Programme, as the Labour leader was pressed on how he will deliver his plan. Sir Keir was also lambasted by interviewed Amol Rajan, who accused him of having abandoned the pledges upon which he was elected as party leader. Fellow presenter Nick Robinson appeared to be struggling not to laugh after the interview came to an end. The Labour leader is set to unveil his five "national missions" later today. But Mr Rajan said Sir Keir's policy document on his five missions is "extraordinarily reticent" on detail. The presenter added: "Talk is cheap, it's very easy to say you want the highest sustained growth in the G7 - I mean, who doesn't? But you don't actually say how you're going to do it.  "You said a moment ago that you get into how you're going to do it you don't at all in that document, there's nothing whatsoever but how you're going to achieve that." Sir Keir defended his plans, saying "Everyone who wants to be Prime Minister can say we've got to be ambitious for the country". He also said the party has outlined "specific columns" which will hold up the pledges - but didn't specify what those are. Mr Rajan also said Sir Keir's document was full of "verbiage", accusing the Labour leader of including meaningless phrases. He asked Mr Starmer if he was "guilty of crimes against the English language" after reading out a section of the document. Sir Keir was also accused of abandoning pledges upon which he was elected to be party leader, but the Labour leader insisted the vows have not "all been abandoned" and he had needed to 'adapt' after Covid and the Ukraine war.    He refused to stand by his commitment to abolish tuition fees, instead saying he would look at what is "affordable". Labour have said Sir Keir's five missions will "form the backbone of Labour’s election manifesto", adding that they will be the "five key pillars of a Keir Starmer administration if Labour wins the election". Sir Keir said the goals will be "unashamedly long term", pledging a "decade of national renewal". In a speech this morning, the Labour leader said: "Long-term problems require long-term solutions".