There's nothing worse than holding up the plane aisle when trying to stow away your luggage and it can often be humiliating when it doesn't go to plan. However, according to one experienced flight attendant, it's easy to master with some simple preparation. In a recent video on her TikTok profile, Kat Kalamani (@katkamalani) shared her "life-changing tips" for travellers with cabin bags.    Most airlines allow passengers to bring one full-size carry-on bag and one personal item on their flight for free, making it easy to dodge costly charges for checked luggage. But with so many travellers eager to save money, squeezing cabin bags in the overhead lockers can be a struggle. To save yourself from embarrassment during a busy flight, Kat, a flight attendant of six years, suggested planning ahead. She said: "I have three tips that are going to help you with luggage anxiety, and they're going to be life-changing for you." READ MORE: Top-rated RV park in the US is 'absolutely a must stay' Kat's "first rule of thumb" for passengers taking hand luggage only was "if you cannot lift it, don't bring it". This is as simple as practising lifting your packed cabin bag above your head while at home, before travelling. She said: "If you can't, take some stuff out!" Being able to lift your own cabin bag is not just to save yourself from embarrassment either. In fact, many airlines explicitly state that "you must be able to lift your hand luggage into the overhead storage compartments yourself". DON'T MISS...Cruise guest complains as passenger breaks ship rules [INSIGHT]Cruise guests share best 'hidden spots' on board for stargazing [REVEAL]Latest travel rules for tourists heading to Turkey [LATEST] Another tip shared by the flight attendant was to look inside the luggage compartments for small notes with useful instructions. Kat said: "Most airlines have these little placard cards that show you how to store your luggage. "So it's either going to go horizontal or vertical. If you can just take a look at that, it saves so much time and it's so much easier." According to experts, cases should always go on wheels first. Jackets and coats go on top of the bag with smaller bags under the seat. READ MORE: I looked for the cheapest destinations in Portugal - results While it may sound obvious, Kat noted that asking for assistance is often the best way to quickly clear the aisle and get into your seat. She explained: "Everyone thinks it's a flight attendant's job to lift your luggage into the bins but it's not. "Actually our airlines - a ton of airlines - tell you do not do this because there are so many injuries. So if we get injured, it's not even covered." Instead of asking for plane staff to do it for you, Kat suggested asking for assistance - and they will "totally help you put it up there". Commenting on the video, a fellow flight attendant on TikTok agreed with Kat's clever hack. The user named TheFlyGamer (@theflygamer_) wrote: "I agree. We will assist!! But we will not put it up without your help. If you aren't doing most of the work we will check the bag."Other people noted that their "luggage anxiety" would be solved if the rules on where to store cabin bags were changed. One person commented: "Please enforce the one above the seat belongs to the person in the seat. My major source of anxiety."