The bidding war to buy Manchester United is beginning to take shape ahead of Friday's 'soft deadline' with the Qatari royals reportedly planning to make an offer worth £5billion. The Glazers announced back in November that they had engaged with global banks to begin the process of looking for a potential full sale or partial investment.  They had set an asking price reportedly at £5bn with British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe the only one to come out publically to express an interest. But others had supposedly made their interest known privately with investors from the US and the Middle East monitoring the situation. In a move to push for bids to come in, the Glazer family had indicated that a 'soft deadline' of February 17 was made to those interested in making a bid. The past week saw multiple reports indicate a bid from Qatar was forthcoming and Sky News now claim that the Qatari royal family are planning an offer. It comes just hours after news that private investors from Saudi Arabia had also shown their intentions to lodge a bid before Friday. An outright sale is now said to be the most likely outcome with multiple investors showing huge interest in buying United.  Bids from Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Ratcliffe are not expected to be the only offers on the table for the Glazers. The Raine Group, who are looking after the process of a potential sale on behalf of the Glazer family, reportedly want all bids to be made before 10pm on Friday. INEOS CEO Ratcliffe admitted in October last year that he had held discussions with the Glazers about buying the club. Ratcliffe said: "Manchester United is owned by the Glazer family, whom I have met. I've met Joel and Avram and they are the nicest people, I have to say, they are proper gentlemen. "They don't want to sell it. It's owned by the six children of the father and they don't want to sell it. If it had been for sale in the summer then, yes, we would have probably had a go following on from the Chelsea thing, but we can't sit around hoping that one day Manchester United will become available. We have an exciting sporting franchise [OGC Nice in Ligue 1], but the one thing we don't have is a premier team. "The most popular sport in the world is football and it is the sport we were brought up with and it's the one most close to us. We really should have an asset in the sporting franchise." However, the Glazers announced just a month later they were "commencing a process to explore strategic alternatives”. It now looks increasingly likely that their 18-year ownership of the club will be coming to an end in the near future.