Irate EastEnders fans have slammed Ryan Malloy (played by Neil McDermott) after the true motivation for his return was revealed. The estranged father of 12-year-old Lily Slater (Lilia Turner) came back to Albert Square after his sister Whitney (Shona McGarty) informed him of the teenager’s predicament. However, on Wednesday night he was seen asking the vulnerable young woman to move to Wakefield to live with him and fans were not happy. Viewers had already heard Ryan discussing the fact that he and his wife Helen couldn’t have children. Later he was seen talking to his wife on the phone discussing Lily living with them. However, following a blazing row with Lily’s mother Stacy he announced he was going to try and get shared custody of their daughter, despite not seeing her for six years. He then made the formal offer to the confused teen after she overheard him. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore Viewers took to Twitter in their droves to question his motives, calling him “manipulative”. One fan wrote: “So Ryan wants Lily to come stay with him and his wife helen. (sic) It must be the grief of the two not being able to have children.” Another said: "Ryan 100% wants lilys (sic) baby," while a third took to the social media platform to say: “Ryan is dodgy.” Another commentator didn’t hold back and said: “Ryan, you selfish manipulative little oik!” Despite viewers concerns, Lily seemed to be coming around to the idea in Thursday night's episode and agreed to the move. Unsurprisingly the news didn’t go down well with Stacey and an ugly argument broke out between her and Ryan. It culminated in Ryan spitting vitriol at the beleaguered mum finally shouting: “It’s no wonder she ended up pregnant. You’ve had three kids by three different dads.” Seeing his true colours, the distraught teen asked: “How can you talk to my mum like that after everything she’s done for us working every hour under the sun. DON'T MISS...EastEnders' Eve Unwin terrified for Suki Panesar over Nish [SPOILER]EastEnders viewers 'work out' Lily Slater baby kidnapping twist [THEORY]EastEnders’ Patsy Kensit shares health woes after soap exit [INSIGHT] “She’s been the best mum anyone could ask for, even after she found out about the baby." Ryan tried to reason with her but to no avail as she revealed she had a change of heart. She told him: “If you think I’m still going to Wakefield with you, you can do one.” However, Ryan had one last ace up his sleeve and in a parting shot to Stacey, he announced: “Let’s see how you feel when I cut down my child maintenance to a minimum.” This simply confirmed what a lot of viewers had felt about him Taking to Twitter one wrote: “Wants the best for #Lily but says he’s going to cut her child maintenance to a minimum! #Ryan #Stacey #Eastenders." Another said: “Ryan showed his true colours here with Stacey. Cutting Lily’s child maintenance just shows how selfish he is and that he doesn’t care about Lily or Stacey at all. "I think all Ryan ever wanted was Lily’s baby because he couldn’t have one himself with Helen in Wakefield #Eastenders." While one person summed it up by saying: “Ryan isn’t even apologetic that he’s a deadbeat #Eastenders." EastEnders airs on Mondays to Thursdays at 7:30pm on BBC One and iPlayer.