Darwin Nunez has admitted that Nicolas Otamendi warned him about just how tough life in the Premier League would be. Liverpool moved quickly last summer to snap up Nunez after his impressive season at Benfica. The Uruguay international had quickly established himself as one of Europe's brightest prospects after banging in 34 goals, including six in the Champions League - two of which came against Liverpool. Having arrived at Anfield for a record fee as Sadio Mane's replacement, Nunez had to deal with huge expectations from the very start. But he endured a whirlwind start to life on Merseyside, impressing with a goal and assist in his Premier League debut before being sent off two games later. Despite his rocky start, Nunez has already become a fan favourite among Liverpool supporters. His tally of 10 goals in 25 games should be a lot higher given the sheer amount of chances he has in a game. But the 23-year-old has also admitted that he didn't expect the Premier League to be as tough as it is every week.  "It's a very big change," Nunez told Sky Sports. "Here, the league is stronger, more competitive. I didn't expect it to be so strong. "Nico Otamendi told me that, but I still didn't expect it." With Liverpool failing to reach the heights of recent years, every player has come under heavy scrutiny this season. As a big-money new arrival, Nunez has taken on most of that criticism with Jurgen Klopp constantly coming to his attacker's defence in the media. And Nunez is hoping he can repay the faith shown in him by Klopp sooner rather than later.  "I think he wants to see what he saw in Benfica," he said. "For example in the games I played against Liverpool [in the Champions League last season], when I performed very well. "I don't think I'm playing well at the moment, but I always want to improve. I try to improve every day. Klopp knows my strength is my speed, running into space. Also, he tells me that I need to be more calm when I'm playing, and that I need to move more. "He tells me that I need that, and that I am a player with a lot of quality. So, that's more or less what he wants from me - and, of course, that I score goals."