This week in her sickly, self-serving resignation speech Nicola Sturgeon did a “Jacinda Arden”. She said that she was tired, had nothing left in the tank and wanted to spend time with her family. This despite the fact that barely a month ago she said she had plenty in the tank, had no intention of going and she intended to deliver Independence for Scotland. So, just like New Zealand’s prime minister, Sturgeon jumped before she was pushed. She knew that the political end was nigh and she jumped from the SNP’s ship before they shoved her overboard. We keep hearing what a fantastically powerful politician she was, a fantastic communicator. But what did she actually DO for Scotland in her eight years as First Minister? What did she achieve? Because from where I’m sitting, she has abandoned a country she says she loves and is leaving it in a much worse state than she found it. The miracle is how she got away with such blinding incompetence for so long? How could such an incredible country literally crumble on her watch when even now she is still revered by many as a god. Were her supporters so blinded by nationalism and her rabid independence rhetoric they missed the fact that their country was going to the dogs – that the Scottish budget deficit was 12 percent of GDP, twice the overall UK deficit? Did they miss the fact that Scotland has the worst drugs deaths in the developed world thanks to her relaxed policy on illegal drugs? Or that under SNP rule life expectancy has had its steepest fall in 40 years? Didn’t they care that males born in poorer areas live 14 years fewer than those born into affluence? This was the woman who has always said that her mission was to close the gap between the rich and the poor. And she’s failed miserably. She pledged to create a new energy company – she hasn’t. Spending on public services is 30 percent higher in Scotland and yet they’re in a mess. The NHS wait times are worse than England and education is dire. And then there was the Gender Reform Bill criticisms of which from the Scottish people she was blind deaf and dumb to. She didn’t listen to, or care what the Scottish people wanted only what the liberals in her own party wanted. And so she pressed ahead totally misreading the mood of her country. Her downfall came because she refused to say that a double trans rapist wasn’t a woman and because of that not only did she enrage women everywhere she lost every shred of credibility she had left over this bill. She said that Rishi Sunak blocking it was an attack on democracy when the truth is women and parents everywhere were in full agreement with him. Sturgeon often pontificated about democracy and what she called civilised political debate. Yet she never hesitated to shut down dissenting voices. Those who disagreed with her on the Gender Reform Bill were slated as homophobes, transphobes and racists. She ruled supreme in a one-party state that had just one voice – hers! And for the sake of democracy – that has to change! I’m glad she’s gone because her rabid obsession with independence drove a great big wedge between England and Scotland. She created division and grievance by forever banging on that Scotland was being ignored, overruled, bullied and badly treated by ministers in Westminster. And in doing that she made the English resentful to the point where many were saying – go on have your independence. She tried to shift blame for her failures in Scotland – and they were legion – onto Westminster. Everything was always Westminster’s fault – never hers. Even, in that awful, over emotional resignation speech this week she still tried to feed Scottish people the lie that independence is just around the corner. But it isn’t because if it was she wouldn’t be going. She’d stay and take credit for it. Sturgeon’s going because she knows independence is dead in the water – for the next few years at least. The latest polls say 44 percent want to leave the UK, 56 percent want to stay – exactly the same ratio as in the 2104 referendum. So in the eight years she’s been First Minister the debate hasn’t moved on. Whatever her devotees say the fact is her legacy is in tatters. Legacies should only be afforded to those who have achieved great things. Yes, she was a great orator. Yes, I believe she loved Scotland. But all Sturgeon has done in her eight years as First Minister is to divide the UK, stoke resentment and keep alive what, for now is an impossible dream. Because the truth is if Sturgeon couldn’t deliver independence – no one in the SNP can. One woman interviewed on Edinburgh’s streets this week was asked who she wanted to be the SNP’s new leader: “There’s no one is there?” she said. I think she may be right!