Meghan Markle could seek to use her former blog The Tig to show the world she is "more than Harry’s plus one" as she follows in the footsteps of celebrities like Gwyneth Paltrow. The Duchess of Sussex shut down her blog shortly after her relationship with Prince Harry became public knowledge in 2018. But Kinsey Schofield said Meghan appears to be showing signs she might soon revive her blog, and use it as an opportunity to rebrand herself as more of a mommy blogger. Schofield said: "Tig 2.0 will likely feature mommy content. Meghan’s animated series, Pearl, was cancelled by Netflix before it began … but if Meghan can build a mommy brand, then surely she could expand in that arena and find more opportunities there elsewhere. "Meghan once aspired to have her own cooking series. The Tig would, yet again, give her that platform. "Short-form digital videos that she could take to someone like Netflix and show them the analytics to plead her case for a bigger opportunity." The To Di For Daily host suggested the Duchess's children, Archie and Lilibet, might also feature in some of her potential entries. JUST IN: Body language expert claims to spot Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ She continued: "I would anticipate lists of Archie and Lili’s favourite books, go-to snacks, DIY projects. Candid entries about how she manages her time or stress, a five-minute makeup routine for moms on the go; mini-meditations for busy moms, travel, interior design, interviews, those types of posts. "Harry and Meghan have told us repeatedly through multiple projects that Meghan gave up everything for Harry. "Perhaps this is Meghan trying to reclaim her identity, telling the world that she is more than Harry’s plus 1." Schofield suggested the Duchess could unveil her plans for The Tig on February 14 due to the importance the date has for her family. Harry and Meghan announced they were expecting their daughter Lilibet on February 14, 2021. Princess Diana also announced she was expecting Harry on February 14, 1984. READ MORE: Prince William’s astrology chart ‘speaks volumes’ about his future JUST IN: Body language expert claims to spot Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ But she also told Fox News Digital Meghan could wait to launch the blog itself until the platform is deemed perfect to avoid criticism. She added: "Keeping all of their launches under wraps is their typical MO. It allows the Sussexes to shift the goalpost without looking like failures. "If we don’t see a February release for The Tig, it’s simply because the product is not perfect yet. But this is an important way for Meghan to brand herself beyond being Harry’s wife, and I believe it is a priority for her. "I don’t think The Tig will be a controversial outlet. She might get political, but we have come to expect that of her, so it has less of an impact." Meghan Markle created her blog in 2014, when she was gaining fame as a member of the cast of the legal drama Suits. The name of the website was inspired by her love for the Italian wine Tignatello, and she used the platform to share her personal reflections as well as discuss her love for food and travel. The Duchess shut down The Tig months after she started dating Prince Harry in 2017. In her farewell message to her followers, Meghan wrote: "After close to three beautiful years on this adventure with you, it’s time to say goodbye to The Tig. "What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity. You’ve made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy. "Keep finding those Tig moments of discovery, keep laughing and taking risks, and keep being ‘the change you wish to see in the world.’ Above all, don’t ever forget your worth – as I’ve told you time and time again: you, my sweet friend, you are enough. Thank you for everything."