EastEnders has a few staple families living in Albert Square like Beales, Mitchells and Carters and in more recent years, the Panesars. Originally, it was the siblings who moved to Walford before their parents also arrived and made their lives even more complicated. Express.co.uk has a full explanation of how the Panesars are all related. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders. GP Ash Panesar (played by Gurlaine Kaur Garcha) was the first of the clan to be seen in EastEnders but it wasn't too long before her brothers Kheerat (Jaz Deol), Jags (Amar Adatia) and Vinny (Shiv Jalota) showed up. They moved into 5 Albert Square in order to be close to their sister after not speaking for several years. Ash felt none of her family had been supportive of her when she had an abortion and came out as bisexual. What made it even worse though was to have their judgemental mum Suki (Balvinder Sopal) also move across the street, much to Ash's frustrations. READ MORE: Matt Hancock uses £320K from I'm A Celeb pay to set up TV company In 2020, Vinny assaulted Martin Fowler (James Bye) at the Minute Mart, leaving him seriously injured. But Suki wasn't willing to let her see him go to prison for the crime as at that time, her other son was seeing Habiba Ahmed (Rukku Nahar) who she strongly disapproved of. So in order to keep them apart, she framed Jags for the crime, informed the police and he was sent behind bars. Eight months later he was beaten to death in prison, leaving the family devastated. Habiba was already pregnant with his child, Tyrion Ahmed, who was born after she left the square, making Suki a grandmother. For 20 years, Suki's husband Nish Panesar (Navin Chowdhry) was in prison for murder but had finally been released and was eager to be reunited with his family. Little does the controlling businessman know that Suki was falling in love with Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) just before he arrived. He is the son of their four children, Kheerat, Ash, Vinny and deceased Jags but it wasn't discovered until earlier this year that he had another child. Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara) was first seen in prison with Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) who acted as his ally and chose to move near the Panesars upon release. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife star hints at exit for Matthew after wedding [SPOILER]Below Deck Med’s Malia White admits she'd date another 'yachtie' [EXPLAINER]EastEnders' Zack and Whitney shaken after baby Peach's death [REVEALED] Ravi's mum Haspira Gulati was married to Ranveer Gulati (Anil Goutam) but before Nish was with Suki, he and Haspira had an affair. To avoid bringing shame onto their families, they pretended Ranveer was Ravi's real father for years. Fast forward to 2022 and he was secretly seeing his "dad's" wife Nina Gupta (Hersha Verity) behind his back with the hope of them running away together with his money. After Ranveer tried to rape Suki, he smashed him over the head with a vase, knocking him unconscious. She believed she killed him but when Ravi was in the middle of trying to dispose of the body, Ranveer woke up and Ravi, who hated his fake dad, made sure to kill him this time. The original plan was for Nina and Ravi to frame Suki for his murder so they could still be together. However, he changed his mind as Ravi wanted to start afresh with his father Nish, stepmother Suki and his half-siblings. Kheerat knew his mum was going to go to prison but didn't feel like she deserved it after everything she had been through so took the blame and went to prison. Ravi is also the dad of Davinder "Nugget" Gulati, a youngster who has been making friends with the rest of the teens on the square. EastEnders airs four nights a week on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.