Pippa Middleton, 39, has some very intense future plans in the pipeline regarding her diet and fitness. The younger sister of Kate Middleton has shared how her focus on fitness has shifted since becoming a mother. Speaking to activewear brand Hoka about how her focus has shifted since becoming a mother, Pippa said: "Family life and motherhood has consumed much of my spare time. "Running and fitness still form part of my weekly routine but not to the level it was before. "I suppose, my running has been more after babies and toddlers than crossing finish lines, which I’m fine with — for now!" Kate's sister went on to share how she stays slim, explaining: "Being active with son in the park or playground, transporting him on the back of my bike, and buggy running when he was a baby have been ways in which I have been able to include outdoor exercise whilst being a hands-on mummy. READ MORE: Astrologer predicts line of succession changes  "It's helped manage my weight, is time efficient and gives us both the chance to enjoy the fresh air and explore the great outdoors." Despite fitness having more of a family focus at present, Pippa shared that she has some goals in her sights for the future. "I still have goals for the future and challenges I'd like to embrace so I've kept them on my bucket list to return to when the time is right, this includes the London and New York marathons, the Coast-to-Coast multi-sport event in New Zealand, the Ultra Trail du Mont Blanc MCC (the 40km race) and the Cape Town Cycle Tour," she listed. Pippa, who is married to Spencer Matthews' brother James, shared that she'd eventually love to get her children involved with her challenges.  "One day, my dream would be to participate in a sporting challenge or epic adventure with my own children," she said. Thanks to a balanced diet and plenty of exercise, Pippa has a fantastic figure. Although her exact size is not known, Pippa's frame is similar to her sister Kate's, who is a size six. Despite being a mother to three children, the 38-year-old socialite manages to eat healthily and stay fit. READ MORE: Princess Anne is 'very slender' but she 'avoids fad diets' One way she stays slim is by eating breakfast every day. Breakfast isn't described as the most important meal of the day for no reason - it helps people stay fuller for longer and therefore they are less likely to snack throughout the day. Pippa explained she "can't start the day properly without breakfast". Hers is often comprised of "lots of porridge or boiled eggs with soldiers". But other times, she opts for yoghurt, avocado on toast, and muesli.  "My usual breakfast is either plain yoghurt with chopped fruit and toasted seeds, oats and nuts or toasted rye bread with eggs or avocado," Pippa told The i. She added she also enjoys "Bircher muesli with fresh berries on top". "You can even make a batch for the whole week," the socialite explained. For Pippa, food is all about balance, which means she isn't afraid to consume sugary treats from time to time. 