Unlike weeds in your garden that can easily be pulled out, the removal of patio weeds involves a bit more ingenuity. Although the process is a little different than weeding your garden, you can kill patio weeds using products you might already have at home. Rowan Cripps, founding director of Infinite Paving, has shared three natural ways to get the garden task done effectively. He said: “Weeds are undoubtedly the biggest nuisance in your outdoor area. There is nothing worse than having a brand new, beautiful paving installed for it to become infested by eyesores such as weeds. If left for too long they will spread their seeds and spread throughout your paving even more. “For this reason, it is super important to get rid of these pesky weeds before they spread and become far more difficult to contain. There are a huge number of ways to effectively get rid of weeds and also many ways of preventing them from ever coming back.” According to the expert, the “easiest and most cost-effective way” to eradicate weeds from paving stones would be to simply pull them out. He said: “While this is very simple, it is also extremely effective. It is actually the most effective way of making sure that they do not come back.” READ MORE: Five ‘easy steps’ to bring your dull lawn ‘back to life’ for spring He instructed that gardeners should pull them out as close to the root as possible to ensure that the weed cannot regrow and repopulate between the pavers. Rowan added: “It could be made even easier by wetting the area of weeds that you would like to remove. “This is because it will dampen the soil and pulling weeds is far easier from damp soil than it is from dry soil.” If paving is very tight households could use a kitchen knife to scrape the weeds from in between pavings. DON'T MISS‘Effective and safe’ tips to stop cats and foxes pooing in your garden [EXPERT]‘Effective remedy’ to remove yellow pillow stains - avoid using bleach [TIPS]Top four ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove mould and condensation [INSIGHT] Salt can actually be extremely effective when killing any kind of plant, especially weeds. It is also an extremely natural way that has little to no effect on the environment. To use salt to create a saltwater formula simply mix three parts of water and one part of pure salt together. The expert said: “Placing salt on the areas that have been taken over by weeds will not only kill the weeds but will also prevent the weeds from growing back. “You should, however, keep this away from any plants that you are wanting to keep as it can kill them as well as the weeds. READ MORE: Winter pruning is ‘vital’ for a plants - 5 you ‘need’ to prune now “Saltwater formulas are another phenomenally effective and powerful way of eradicating the weeds that have grown between your pavers. “So if you are looking for a quick and easy way to clean up your paving and get rid of the weeds then look no further.” Most households will have salt in their kitchen cupboards, but for those who don’t, it is cheap to buy from local supermarkets. It retails for 45p at Aldi and 65p at Asda and Sainsbury’s. A power washer is not only a phenomenal piece of equipment to help you clean your paving, but it can also be extremely useful when trying to get rid of nuisance weeds from the cracks in your paving. The washer will use its pressure to loosen the weed and its roots as well as remove them. This can be a brilliant and easy way of clearing weeds from between your pavers. However, Rowan warned that gardeners should be careful when using this specialist equipment. He said: “You need to ensure that you do not get rid of the sand in between your pavers. To do this you should turn your pressure washer to a slightly less harsh setting such as the fan nozzle.” Rowan noted that it is “super important” to begin the process of extracting the weeds as soon as you notice them because the longer weeds are left, the more they will spread their seeds and populate. Weeding becomes far harder when there are more weeds that you have to deal with. These simple fixes that have been listed will “work wonders” when trying to contain and get rid of your weed problems.