Any potential bid from Qatar for Manchester United would be submitted via a scheme that would enable an independent investment fund to take control at Old Trafford, reports suggest. The development provides answers to fears any Qatari takeover would be blocked by UEFA regulations that prevent owners from owning more than one club in the same European competition, in this instance the Champions League - which is where the Red Devils aspire to be next season. Furthermore, there has also been concern in Paris that the Qataris could face needing to withdraw their cash from the Paris Saint-Germain project in order to pursue the purchase of United. However, Le Parisien are reporting that the Qataris have a way around UEFA regulations and that any takeover bid to buy United will be tabled via a scheme and independent investment fund. Therefore, it's understood the bid would not arrive directly from Qatar Sports Investments (QSI), who have bankrolled PSG since taking over back in 2011. Nor would Qatar Investments Authority (QIA), who are a subsidiary of QSI be involved in the takeover bid which clears the way for the Emir of Qatar to pursue his dream of purchasing Manchester United. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani will reportedly be in attendance for PSG's Champions League knockout clash with Bayern Munich in an additional show of commitment to the French giants. Supporters have begun to show concern that the Qataris could sell up at the Parc des Princes in order to enhance their focus on Manchester United. Qatar Sports Investments chairman Nasser Al-Khelaifi - the president of PSG - has recently shown a clear appetite to invest in another Premier League club. He has held extensive discussions with close friend Andrea Radrizzani over possible investment at Leeds in recent times, although nothing has come of those talks. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title raceMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Al-Khelaifi also met with Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy in a London hotel in the past few months to discuss a possible collaboration with Spurs. Again, nothing has come of those talks to date. It's thought Al-Khelaifi could yet be a key figure in any Qatari ownership bid, even if he could have no direct involvement in that actual takeover itself. Qatar are not alone at the table though. Ineos, owned by Britain's richest man Sir Jim Ratcliffe, also confirmed their interest in buying United last month. The Rein Group, who are tasked with overseeing the potential sale of United, are encouraging bidders to submit their proposals by mid-February if they wish to be successful. The Glazers are understood to value United at around £6billion but according to the New York Stock Exchange, the club is worth around £3bn. Todd Boehly's recent takeover of Chelsea last May was worth an estimated £4.25bn, however. Erik ten Hag will most likely be offered a transfer war chest as part of any takeover. The group of Qatar investors interested in buying United are said to be targeting total domination of not only English football but world football.