Former United States goalkeeping legend and New England Revolution manager Brad Friedel has urged Christian Pulisic and fellow American Matt Turner to leave their clubs this summer. Pulisic has largely flattered to deceive at Chelsea following his £58m ($70m) move from Borussia Dortmund in 2019. The 24-year-old has scored 26 goals in 136 appearances for the Blues, however, 11 of those came in his first season in the Premier League. Pulisic is currently sidelined with an injury but faces a huge fight to get back into the team once fit, with Chelsea signing Raheem Sterling, Mykhaylo Mudryk, Joao Felix and Noni Madueke over the last two transfer windows. In an interview with Sporting Post, former Premier League goalkeeper Friedel said of Pulisic’s future: "It goes back to having too many players at Chelsea. Look at who he is up against. "I’m not one of those people who says someone should leave if they’re not playing because I believe you need to fight for your place and prove your worth. JUST IN: Virgil van Dijk speaks out after Jamie Carragher rant with Liverpool stars 'angry' at loss "But if there aren’t going to be opportunities, Christian is one of the most important players for USA so we’re going to want him to be playing consistently. "It’s going to be one of those summers where either he is told he is in Chelsea’s plans and they offer him a new deal, or he gets sold. "Looking at things I’m thinking it’s probably the latter and we’ll see him somewhere else which could be good for him to play consistently." Pulisic may not be the only USMNT star on the move this summer as Friedel says Arsenal goalkeeper Turner should look for a new club, too. DON'T MISS Chelsea 'hold emergency Graham Potter meeting' ahead of do-or-die Tottenham clash Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag set to be missing five players for blockbuster Barcelona clash Man Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar bid revealed, Glazer 'doubt' raises worry, share price sinks Turner has made six appearances for Arsenal - all in competitions - since joining from MLS side New England Revolution last year. The 28-year-old impressed for USA at the Qatar World Cup, but his first-team prospects at Arsenal look bleak with England’s Aaron Ramsdale the No 1 at the Emirates. Friedel added: "When I wasn’t playing consistently when I was at Liverpool I had to get out. Even though I loved the club and it was the team I supported, I had to leave for my career. "You have such a short career as a professional footballer and you need to play as many games as possible inside that time. "Look at Matt’s competition for the national team spot. He was the number one then and he’s gone all this time without playing, but Zack Steffen, who wasn’t getting a game at Manchester City, is now playing well for Middlesbrough. "I think that Matt, no matter what, even though Arsenal are an incredible club, has to find consistent football somewhere. This season, fine, but if he’s not going to be the number one he has got to go."