Huge burial pits have been dug in an effort to stamp out an alarming outbreak of building-wrecking Japanese Knotweed. Listed by the World Conservation Unit as one of the world’s worst invasive species, the plant grows extremely fast, up to 10cm a day, and can damage buildings and homes. Company Japanese Knotweed Expert says the shrub is thriving in Stoke's unused brownfield sites, canals and railway embankments - as well as around people's homes. The firm called in to help one of the city's major companies after thousands of square meters of land on one of its sites became infested. And, had it not been for Japanese Knotweed Expert's burial plan, that company would have had to fork out around £250,000 to kill the plants.  The North Staffordshire company works around the UK, doing anything from everyday knotweed surveys for house sellers to huge industrial excavations. Japanese Knotweed Expert boss Jason Harker told StokeonTrentLive: "This is a big company that a lot of people would know and they wanted to turn this land into a lorry park. "But the cost of getting that amount of Japanese knotweed off the site would've been absolutely phenomenal. "So we used a 40-tonne bulldozer and made two huge, huge holes in the ground. "They were so big you couldn't even see the bulldozer when you were above ground - you could lose a house in these holes. "We put hundreds of tonnes of the affected soil in there, but it needed reinforcing - Japanese knotweed is tough enough to regrow and break through solidified magma. "We had to fit a really strong membrane over the top of the soil, then put another 5m of healthy soil on top of that before closing the hole up.   "That's one end of the scale. On the other end, another example of a recent job in Longton was the same as about 85 per cent of the jobs we do. "There was less than 10 square metres if Japanese knotweed, so we sprayed chemicals [wearing full hazmat suits for protection]. One is 300 times stronger that what's available to the public." Even with a job that small, dad-of-two Mr Harker says, the weed needs a three-to-four-year programme of chemical treatment to be completely eradicated. He told how the hardy plant, which is tough enough to thrive in Japan's mountainous and volcanic terrain, was originally brought to the UK in the Victorian era as a specimen plant. Its heart-shaped leaves and pollen-rich white buds made for an attractive addition to thousands of gardens, but it has since become known as a danger to native plant life and property, forcing its way through the smallest cracks in concrete.  Anyone who puts it in their green or brown bin can be fined £5,000, and for businesses, the penalties can stretch to £20,000 and a six-month jail sentence for directors. However, Mr Harker says it only causes serious damage to houses in a minority of cases. He said: "Everyone talks about it damaging people's homes. It does happen, but it's very rare. "There was one old house in Wales I remember where it'd grown underneath. "It was such an old house the foundations were negligible and the Japanese knotweed had been removed by another company, but a huge void had been left, so the foundations had to be filled in with concrete. "There was another building in the south of England where it'd somehow got behind the render and was reaching into the wall and pushing the render off. "That was a complete re-rendering job that would've cost about £20,000.   "Most often, though, we see it causing minor damage by coming through tarmacked areas outside people's homes, like their driveways. "But it's the effect it can have on the value that's a problem and it can really complicate the process of buying and selling. "What many solicitors don't tell you is the potential consequences of the TA6 form, which asks you whether there's Japanese knotweed on your property - you can answer 'yes', 'no' or 'don't know'.  "If you select 'no', you need to be absolutely certain there's none growing on your property - or withing three metres of the boundary. "By putting 'no', you're accepting all the liability and the average legal claim if it turns out you're wrong is £34,000 for misrepresentation. "It's not illegal to have it growing in your garden and you don't have to declare it to the council or Environment Agency. "But if you let it cross the boundary into your neighbour's garden - even if it's at root level and not visible - that becomes a serious issue." Mr Harker said he recommended that anyone selling their house should have a survey conducted. He said: "If someone's having to put 'I don't know' on their TA6 form, I'd be telling them they need to be sure. "On the other hand, they might turn round and say 'you're buying the house; it's up to you to do it. "Either way, it's a better option to pay not much more than £300 to get it done than to risk the liability and cost of having to deal with it down the line." "It's much more common than you'd think. "I remember we had one woman in her 80s who actually remembered going to a garden centre with her mum to buy it, then planting it in their garden. "Decades later, she was being told it needed to go so she could sell her house." According to Japanese Knotweed Expert the shrub is growing throughout Stoke-on-Trent. But its highest concentration is in the north of the city, from Hanley up to Kidsgrove.