Many people will be using their workplace and private pension arrangements to plan towards retirement. The average UK pension pot is found to stand at £37,600 for savers aged between 55 and retirement. However, experts have expressed concern some individuals could be purchasing unnecessary advised retirement income products. These are often complete with higher annual charges and transfer fees. As a result, they could be damaging their pension pots, and the retirement they hoped for, according to HSBC Tomorrow Master Trust. As an example, the report found a ‘Baby Boomer’ with a pension pot £35,000, who wants to withdraw four percent as an annual drawdown income, would receive £779 in their first year of retirement. READ MORE: State pensioners could boost sum by up to £14.75 per week However, they would be faced with £639 in transfer fees and annual management charges as they enter retirement. This would either leave them with just £140 left in year one, or cut the length of their overall drawdown income by nearly a year. Comparatively, the report looked at savers who are members of a pension provider offering in-scheme drawdown solutions. It found these individuals can make considerable savings in fees, which can lead to healthier incomes and improved pot longevity. DON'T MISSWarning as pensioners targeted by ‘heartless’ and ‘cruel’ fraud [INSIGHT]‘Knee-jerk’ reaction means more Britons hit by 55% ‘brutal’ tax [EXCLUSIVE]HMRC issues warning as voicemail message circulates [WARNING] For instance, the same Baby Boomer would receive a £779 drawdown income in their first year of retirement. But they would not need to pay a transition fee, and would only face £87 in annual management charges, HSBC added. Alison Hatcher, CEO of HSBC Tomorrow Master Trust, said: “The risk at the point of retirement is now one of the biggest detrimental factors for scheme members looking to convert their pension pot into a flexible income. “There is a clear and growing need for in-scheme drawdown offers to provide greater protection and value for members.” READ MORE: 20 part-time jobs for pensioners looking for boost on top of pension While Kathryn Fleming, partner at Hymans Robertson, added: “The impact of charges and fees on pension funds is overlooked but has a major effect on people’s retirement and how long their funds last. “Providing in-house drawdown options will save scheme members money better used for their retirement.” Each roadway into retirement may have a significant impact on the risk of pot exhaustion, HSBC explained. The report found the same Baby Boomer who buys an actively-managed drawdown plan from a third-party provider has a one in six chance of running out of money by the time they reach age 90. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is compared to a one in 25 chance if the saver is able to convert their pension pot into a drawdown income in-scheme. Above all else, people are strongly encouraged to take independent financial advice when it comes to decisions about their pension. These experts can often provide tailored assistance to suit a person’s specific needs.