More than 750,000 households are at risk of mortgage default following today's announcement that the base rate has risen to four percent today, according to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Today's rise - an increase of 0.5 percent - puts the Bank of England's interest rates at its highest level since the 2008 financial crisis. Data from Moneycomms, commissioned by credit app TotallyMoney, found that for the average UK property costing £270,708 with a 75 percent LTV, a 0.5 percentage point hike means monthly mortgage repayments will increase by another £52. This means customers will be forking out an extra £430 each month when compared to December 2021 — just before the series of hikes began. However, the Government regulator recently set out a number of ways in which they expect mortgage lenders to support borrowers. READ MORE: TSB warns ‘it’s time to stop’ as fraudsters target over 50sREAD MORE: I warned pension freedoms would backfire but didn't expect this  Following the hike, the average mortgage borrower can expect to pay an extra £52 per month. Those who have been on a variable rate since the start of the series of hikes, they could be paying an extra £430 more per month when compared to December 2021. Lenders required to support struggling customersThe Government regulator expect mortgage lenders to support borrowers by temporarily reducing their rate, giving them longer to make payments, extending the term of the agreement, and switching to interest only. Last year, TotallyMoney and PwC found the finances of 8.9million UK adults were teetering on the edge, with a further 20 million finding themselves overlooked and under-served by the financial services industry. This represents one in two adults and without adequate support, they could find themselves struggling for years to come, with missed payments leaving a mark on credit reports for up to six years. READ MORE: Barclays customer ‘completely shocked’ after scam leaves savings account drained by £22,500 Alastair Douglas, CEO of TotallyMoney said: “If you’re one of the 750,000 homeowners at risk of defaulting on your mortgage in the next two years you must contact your lender as soon as possible. "The Financial Conduct Authority recently instructed firms to support borrowers with measures which included allowing customers to make lower repayments, switch to interest-only, or moving to a different rate. “Missing a payment could impact your ability to access credit for years to come. Not just for big ticket items like loans and mortgages, but also for things like mobile phone contracts and car insurance. Lenders usually check a customer's credit report during the application process, and the best deals are reserved for those with the best scores. “At TotallyMoney, we’re on a mission to help everyone move their finances forward. Our free app puts customers in control of their own data so they can manage their money, improve their credit score, and access the best offers.” Reflecting on the decision, Steven Seal, CEO at Bluestone Mortgages, said: "While there are signs that inflation has reached its peak, today’s decision will still be a tough pill for consumers and borrowers to swallow. Interest rates have now risen for the tenth consecutive month, pushing mortgage repayments higher yet again. As a result, affordability challenges will likely remain." Brian Murphy, head of lending at the Mortgage Advice Bureau, added: “The end could be in sight, but not yet in touching distance. The decision today will inevitably leave many homeowners feeling stuck and worried by the prospect of their mortgage costs getting even higher.