A mum has told how she was subjected to a traumatic experience while trying to express milk in a public venue. Stephanie Booth had to put up with constant banging on a toilet door after struggling to find suitable privacy to use her breast pump while on a night out.  The 32-year-old is calling for more awareness of women's needs to pump after the upsetting experience on her first night out since giving birth.  She said she would not have dreamed of going on a night out while still breastfeeding eight-month-old Freya, but built up the confidence to allow herself some "me time", reports Wales Online. The mum of two, from Swansea, was out celebrating her birthday when she needed to find some privacy to express milk. She said there was a horrendous queue for the women's toilets, so she was pleased to see a sign for overflow toilets in the venue. But when she tried to use them, she was told they were for staff only. She explained why she wanted to use the empty toilets but was told to speak with the manager of the bar.  Stephanie said: "I found the manager and told her my situation and asked if I could use the overflow toilets to pump. "She told me it wasn't her problem and to either pump there by the bar or leave. "I had paid for a table so couldn't leave to go elsewhere as I would lose my money. "It resulted in me waiting in line, going in a cubicle for 20 minutes while other women banged on the door telling me to hurry up. "I was just in a state of shock. She didn't wait for my reaction she just carried on serving. "My frustration is the fact that they had an area I could have used, that wasn't even sign posted as staff toilets, they said overflow toilets. There was just no sympathy whatsoever. "I can't imagine a lot of people asking to use these toilets to pump so I don't see why it would have caused a problem. "The fact that someone who was clearly on a night out and was a member of staff she had the privilege of using them still. "There are laws out there that you have a right to pump in work, there is a right to breast feed your baby but there is nothing about pumping in public places. "I am a mum, I want to try and have time for myself to help my mental health a bit. "I didn't do stuff like this with my first but I thought it was my birthday I will do it for myself and this is what I was met with. "So many mums have anxiety around stuff like this happening to them it just stops you from wanting to go out. "I really think we need to educate these companies and support breastfeeding mums who need their me time for their mental health. "People legally need to provide and area for when you breastfeed your baby but why is it any different when you need to pump?" Stephanie shared her experience with a breastfeeding support group and other mums expressed their outrage at her experience. One woman said: "What you'd expect is for her to offer you the office or a room out the back to pump. So sad people can be this way." Another said: "Pumping in the toilets would've been bad enough, she should've offered you a clean space as well. I'm shocked." Wales Online contacted the pub in concern and the manager who spoke to Stephanie on that evening told us that she was dealing with a problem behind the bar at the time which had caused the sink to overflow. They said the overflow toilets are only opened to the public on nights that are extremely busy due to special events like Halloween. She said she advised Stephanie she would be able to help her after she had dealt with the flooding.