Rare footage of divers investigating the wreck of the Titanic has been released to the public. The haunting hour-long video shows explorers inspecting the rusted structure of the vessel in 1986 - 74 years after it crashed into an iceberg and sank, leaving more than 1,500 dead. A three-person team of divers, equipped with head torches, captured the never-before-seen footage 2.5 miles beneath the Atlantic Ocean. It has been released by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute (WHOI) in Massachusetts, US. The trio used a submersible watercraft, named Alvin, as part of their investigation. The Titanic sank on its maiden voyage from Southampton to New York on April 15, 1912.  Dr Robert Ballard from WHOI worked with a French team in 1985 to find the ship off the coast of Newfoundland in Canada. The footage was from a return expedition the following year. “The first thing I saw coming out of the gloom at 30 feet was this wall, this giant wall of riveted steel that rose over 100 and some feet above us,” he told Associated Press. READ MORE: Two dead after military helicopter explodes into fireball on road  "I never looked down at the Titanic. I looked up at the Titanic. Nothing was small.” The crew of Alvin headed to the surface when water entered its batteries - and Ballard was left with a distinct memory of the Titanic’s portholes. “It was like people looking back at us. It was pretty haunting actually,” he said. DON'T MISS: Terrifying footage captures military helicopter falling out of the sky [VIDEO]Elvis Presley's private jet sells for £216,000 at auction [INSIGHT]Dozens of cows could all have caught same lethal virus [SPOTLIGHT]  No evidence of human bone or flesh was visible - but he found shoes, including footwear of what appeared to be a mum and a baby. There had been prior efforts to find the wreck. The 1985 discovery and the 1986 trip were made possible by new underwater vehicles that could withstand extreme pressure of deep diving.  Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews