NCIS took a short break from CBS and is now back for the rest of season 20. Episode 13, Evil Eye, is coming out on the US network on Monday, February 6, and, as always, will be followed by the latest instalment from NCIS Hawaii, which was also on hiatus last week. With every investigation, there are new victims and suspects the team must get to know with another lined up for this next episode. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.NCIS season 20's Evil Eye is going to take a different turn as it will see a new face temporarily joining the team. World-famous actress Chloe Marlene (played by Tania Raymonde) will be shadowing the NCIS agents in preparation for a role. Meanwhile, they are tasked with looking into a decapitation case which Marlene soon finds herself getting up close and personal with. A teaser for the episode shows Agent Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) shocked to find a bomb and telling everyone to get back before it blows. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' Actress Chloe Marlene is portrayed by real-life star Tania Raymonde in Evil Eye. Her first bigger and more notable role was in the iconic Fox sitcom Malcolm in the Middle as Cynthia Sanders for two years, from 2000. From then, she went on to appear in shows such as The O'Keefes, Medium, The Cleaner, Bones, Cold Case, Law and Order: Criminal Intent and Crash. One of her biggest parts to date though was as Alex Rousseau in the ABC drama Lost for four years. Alex was born 16 years prior to the crash of Oceanic Flight 815 in Lost and was taken from her mum Danielle Rousseau (Mira Furlan) by Ben Linus (Michael Emerson). She was raised among them on the island, believing that her mum was dead. In more recent years, Raymonde is probably better known for starring in the legal Amazon Prime Video drama Goliath. She was behind Brittany Gold, sex worker and legal assistant, for five years until the show came to an end. DON'T MISS...Meet Happy Valley star Sarah Lancashire's twin and siblings  [FAMILY]NCIS Hawaii star Alex Tarrant is married to a New Zealand actress [CAST]NCIS Hawaii fans meltdown as Whistler and Holman stars tease team-up [REACTION] Raymonde's appearance as Chloe Marlene isn't the first time she has been in NCIS. Back in 2005, in a season two episode entitled An Eye for an Eye, she played Anna Real. In this role, she was the abused ex-wife of high-powered government operative Guyman Purcell (Anthony Heald) who had been wanting to kill her for years. She threatened to expose his illegal dealings and sent hitmen after Anna who accidentally killed her sister, thinking it to be her. By the end of the episode, Guyman was caught and shot dead by a CIA sniper. She isn't the only guest star to feature in NCIS' Evil Eye either. Raymonde will be joined by actor Andrew Elvis Miller who will portray a character called Sam Novak. Some of Miller's previous roles have been in FBI: Most Wanted, Halston and The Young and the Restless. NCIS season 20 continues every Monday on CBS in the USA.