Charles Leclerc has given his first thoughts on Ferrari’s new SF-23 after completing the first test run in Maranello. The 25-year-old claimed the new machine “feels good” after driving two laps at Ferrari’s Fiorano test track minutes after the car was unveiled. Leclerc was strapped into the cockpit for the team’s first demonstration run in front of the passionate Ferrari fans.    Carlos Sainz spoke to Leclerc on team radio desperate for information on their new package. Leclerc responded: “Hello mate, can I do one more lap. It feels good... Everything feels good mate.” Leclerc then pitted to allow Sainz to have a go behind the wheel before giving further insights on the team’s potential. He added: “The first kilometres with this new project after doing so many kilometres in the simulator, it feels special. Everything went smoothly. "Obviously with two laps it's difficult to go into details but I already gave my feedback once I was in the car there to the engineers. The car was running well, smooth.” READ MORE: Carlos Sainz risks causing headache with Charles Leclerc comments The Scuderia’s new SF-23 retains the Italian marque’s iconic red livery with an almost identical design to last year. However, the new machine appears to include a major change to the team’s front wing compared to 2022 in an interesting design feature. According to rumours in Italian media, Ferrari have spent much of their time over the winter focusing on reliability concerns. Leclerc was plagued with a series of mechanical issues last season including whilst leading in Spain and Azerbaijan. Ferrari boss Frederic Vasseur confirmed the team had made changes to the car’s power-unit to ensure the team could finish races. Vasseur explained: “The regulation is crystal clear, the engine is almost frozen but we just can change something for reliability. DON'T MISSFerrari 'used weight' as top team to block Red Bull's plans  [COMMENT]Red Bull left red-faced as F1 boss shuns them 'due to suspicions' [INSIGHT]Red Bull making Ferrari and Mercedes 'look stupid' as heroes praised [ANALYSIS]   "Last year it was no secret it was not the best aspect of the engine but we did a good job at the factory. Now we are ready for the season… last year the window for the engine was very small. “Let’s see what happens this season but I think we are in a good place.” Leclerc praised the tifosi (passionate Ferrari fans) after the team’s first run with just over a week to go before pre-season testing in Bahrain. Leclerc added: “It's amazing to have a grandstand in Fiorano with all the tifosi here. It is very, very special to feel the support, I don’t think it happens to any other teams. It’s also thanks to all the tifosi around the world that are helping us and pushing us in the good moments but also in the bad moments too. I really hope that this season will be an amazing one. But it felt good.”