Anyone with an iPhone in their pocket should head to the settings and check its iOS software is fully updated without delay. Apple has just announced the release of a vital security patch and it's now essential that everyone upgrades as soon as possible. One of the biggest reasons for the urgency is that it's thought some of the glitches have already been spotted by hackers and maybe being actively exploited in the wild. As Apple explains in its release notes, a number of the bug fixes mend problems that could allow cyber thieves to "access user-sensitive data", "execute arbitrary code" and "access information about a user’s contacts." The vulnerability could basically allow a malicious app to execute vicious code which could then be used to steal a range of personal data such as photos, location, private messages, personal contacts, call history or photos. These are all clearly worrying problems and that's why it's now vital to check that your iPhone is running the very latest version of iOS 16. Checking for this iOS 16.3.1 update is simple. All you have to do is head to Settings then tap Software Update. Here you should see any pending upgrades that Apple has released to your device. If you see the option to install iOS 16.3.1 then you'd be wise to run the download as soon as possible. Just make sure your phone has more than 50 percent charge and is linked to Wi-Fi as Apple's iOS updates are usually large files that will eat into your mobile data allowance. It's also worth remembering that the device will need to restart itself and will be out of action whilst the installation process takes place so make sure you're not expecting any important calls. It's currently unclear if any iPhone devices have already been targeted but this update will stop anything from happening in the future which is why it's important to get it installed. Commenting on the iOS release, Chris Hauk, Consumer Privacy Advocate at Pixel Privacy, said: "No matter how well software or operating systems are tested to be hardened against attacks, vulnerabilities can still be present. "Luckily, Apple responds quickly when security flaws like these are discovered, taking an active role in fixing these flaws. Apple actively encourages reporting of security flaws, offering bounties for the discovery and reporting of the security holes."