Ellen Degeneres reportedly told Meghan Markle three words which "changed her life". Before meeting Prince Harry, Meghan welcomed a pet dog called Bogart into her life in 2012, after finding the German Shepherd Labrador cross at a rescue shelter in Canada. After meeting at a animal rescue centre, Ellen made a passing remark to the Duchess of Sussex which ended up changing her life. A few years ago, Meghan recalled the moment on her blog, The Tig. She wrote: "This is the story of how a sweet little rescue pup, came to be my Bogart. "It was two years ago in LA, and as I sat there with this ten week old frisky puppy on my lap, Ellen Degeneres came in and said three simple words to me that changed my life: “Take him home.” READ MORE: King Charles in high spirits on solo visit despite Camilla pulling out at last minute She added: "When Ellen Degeneres tells you to do something, you do it. "Much like if Oprah suggested a life choice for you. You’d get on that as soon as humanly possible." Meghan recalled how she was at "SPOT Rescue in West Hollywood" and "had been on the search for a dog, my first dog ever, to keep me company while I filmed far away in Toronto, and to become my sidekick for a very long time." "So there I am, this five pound ball of ombré fur squirming in my arms, when Ellen says “Is that your dog?” – I’m equal parts in shock at seeing Ellen Degeneres for the first time and hoping this puppy doesn’t pee on me during this I’m-meeting-Ellen-Degeneres-for-the-first-time time. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'needs a win' after series of Sussex blunders threaten brand "I explain that I’d seen him the other day with his brother, that they were both found at just 5 weeks old in an alley and taken to the pound, and that his furry counterpart was adopted yesterday. Ellen asks, “Did you name him?” "Bogart,” I said, ” I think I would call him Bogart.” "And then she looked at me with such assurance and simply said, “Take him home.” And I did. I didn’t know it then, but I know it now. This animal changed my life. Bogart stayed in Canada when Meghan moved to the UK. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] In August 2022, Harry and Meghan adopted a seven-year old rescue beagle. The rescue beagle joins Guy and their black Labrador, Pula. Aside from their dogs, the couple share two children, a three-year-old son named Archie and a 20-month-old daughter named Lilibet.