Valentine's Day is happening soon which means that dating has been on the topic of everyone's mind. When you’re in your fifties or above, dating can seem like a daunting experience especially if you’re re-entering the dating pool after a while. But it’s never been more popular and this year is one of the best times for over 50s to start dating. Dating over 50 is rising in the UK and research from the UK’s ONS showed that in 2019 nearly 13 percent of people between 50 and 64 living in England and Wales are single and have also never been married. This is an increase from 2002, where it was only six percent of the British population. In addition, the ONS also reported that the rate for divorce has increased the most for the over 50 category and that post-divorce dating has become steadily more common. With a rising popularity in dating later in life, looking for love online is definitely a great option for singles. If you’re finding it overwhelming navigating the online dating world, Express.co.uk has put together a guide with the information you need to help you date when you’re above 50, and the best sites to use. There are plenty of dating sites for over 50 year olds to use in the UK. You can use some general dating sites like eHarmony and match.com which have a huge amount of users. eHarmony is one of the most popular dating sites with almost five million users in the UK and 60 million worldwide. While it’s suitable for ages 18 up, six percent of its users are above 55 and 18 percent are aged between 45 - 54. Other popular dating sites for over 50s include Ourtime which is specifically designed for over 50s, and has a high percentage of finding connections that are older. Tinder, Hinge, OkCupid and also very popular in the UK. Ourtime is available with a free sign-up and you can connect with other matches for free. There are also several free dating apps including Tinder, Hinge and Bumble which can be used for free. eHarmony is also available with a free membership and while it isn’t specifically targeted to over 50s, it’s got high activity and plenty of users. Who is it for? eHarmony is best for singles who are looking for serious, monogamous long-term relationships or getting back into the dating pool as its one of the most popular dating sites.  While it isn't specific to 50+, a 2020 article showed that the 55 - 64 age demographic is increasing on the site, and it has an even split of male and female users. How does it work? Based on a 2020 survey of UK, US, and Australian residents, eharmony was the most trusted dating site - which in a world where dating apps and sites are constantly derided for encouraging a casual dating culture, this level of trust is saying something. Using a tailored algorithm and 50 questions, the site creates “highly compatible relationships based on key dimensions of personality that predict the most successful, meaningful relationships”. What devices does it work with? You can use eHarmony on desktop and mobile through its app, which is compatible for both Andriod and iOS. You can also use eHarmony on your iPad, but you need to change the search options from iPad-only to iPhone. Is there a free trial? Yes, eHarmony offers a free trial with no end date or limitations to demographics. Plus, free trial members also get special deep discounts of 40 to 60 percent off premium memberships. Who is it for? If you're looking for serious, committed relationships or want to find people with simialr hobbies, Ourtime is ideal for you and is a dating service that prioritises compatibility. It's split quite evenly between men and women with 52 percent female, and 49 percent male and most users are based in the UK, US or Canada. How does it work? The site helps to match singles over 50 with similar interests, so you can be sure you’ll have things in common, and they even host local events so you can meet like-minded singles in person while having a fun day out. It's very easy to use, all you need to do to make an account is sign up with your name, post code and email address, and then you can find local singles in minutes. There's also a fun 'flirt' button you can use to show someone you're interested in them. What devices is it compatible with? OurTime is available to use online with its desktop site, and can be downloaded with its mobile app, which is compatible with iOS and Andriod users. Is there a free trial? Yes, OurTime offers a free trial for 14 days, allowing you time to create your profile and make connections. Who is it for? While Silver Singles offers users the chance to find a variety of relationships and casual dating, most users report that they've found serious partners with it, making it great for long-term commitment. Specific for over 50s, there are over 381,000 new members every month so you're sure to find plenty of connections. How does it work? The site uses an in-depth personality test and has a detailed profile option that creates an algorithm that optimises finding ideal matches. In addition, users who are actively online also get prioritised with matches so you can always find someone. Users often report getting about three to seven matches each day. What devices is it compatible with? Silver Singles is available to use with its onlinbe site, and can be downloaded with its mobile app, and is compatible with iOS and Andriod users. Is there a free trial? Yes, Silver Singles offers a free basic membership and you can upgrade to a premium service which offers unlimited access to all profiles. Who is it for? If you're nervous about dating again, Match makes it super easy for you. Although it's not specificly targeted towards over 50 year olds, a 2018 report showed that a quarter of users are now over 50 and that is it's fastest growing demographic. It has an even split between men and woman and interestingly, 59 percent of users are single parents, which makes it a great site for single mums and dads. How does it work? Match with a virtual dating coach that gives you 'dating advice, personalised selections, tips to improve your profile, and icebreakers for your first messages' - perfect for if you’re feeling a bit unsure how dating sites work. It also has features to help seniors meet other seniors and while creating a profile on it can be time consuming, it does lead to people finding serious partners as its full of information. Plus, the website comes packed full of tips and tricks to help you on your journey to finding love. The site also facilitates Match nights, so you can go and meet other singles in person if you’re hoping for that in-person spark, as well as a video chat feature so you can talk on the phone before meeting up in real life. You can choose to match in different ways; reverse matching shows people who looking for common interests, while mutual matching only shows companions who fit your criteria. What devices is it compatible with? You can use Match.com online on desktop or on its mobile app, which is compatible with iOS and Andriods. Is there a free trial? Yes, Match offers a free trial with unlimited matching and profile browsing. You can also chat to members with a Connect subscription. Who is it for? Elite Singles is the best dating site if you're searching for someone who is highly intellectual or has similar academia to yourself as the majority of users are professionals with 85 percent of members having a high level of education. While it's not specifically targeted to over 50s, there is an over 50 section for senior singles to find matches. How does it work? Elite Singles uses a detailed personality test to help users create a profile with clear intentions. The tests asks you about your values, openness and more. There's also a 'Have we met?' feature that helps users connect with people they may have missed if a couple of their details weren't in the initial personality test. Elite Singles also has expert advice on-hand to help maximise the most of your dating experience. What devices is it compatible with? It can be accessed through its desktop site and on a mobile app via iOS and Android. Is there a free trial? Yes, although it has some limited features and you can sign up for paid monthly membership with premium features from three to 12 months.  Who is it for? Christian Mingle is one of the biggest faith-based online dating services and is great for Christians to meet other singles who share the same faith. With eight million active members, most users come from the US, UK and Canada and had about 60,000 singles signup every month in 2022, making it easy to meet matches. How does it work? While Christian Mingle doesn't specifically cater to over 50s, the 55+ demographic is one of its most active communities. You can simply sign up to message and match other singles and a premium membership allows you to message all users, and also see when your messages have been viewed. There's also an option to buy a 'spotlight' boost which prioritises your profile and gives it maximum visibility to users. What devices is it compatible with? Christian Mingle can be used with its desktop site and mobile app which has an iOs and Android version. Is there a free trial? Yes, a free sign up is available and you can get a Premium membership with various lengths. Navigating online dating can be tricky with lots of dating situations that only happen online. Virgin Media O2 recently reported in a study that 61 percent actively dating singletons use their mobile phone to find a date every week. However, 51 percent worry that they are still in the dark about dating styles and quirks when messaging a potential match. If you're looking for advice, Married at First Sight relationship expert, Mel Schilling, has shared some advice on how to respond to popular online dating dilemmas. "With phones being so integral to our everyday lives, our mobile habits and language can be a clear indicator of someone’s real self and dating personality - whether that’s their response speed, use of emojis and gifs, or message length," She says. "Understanding what these habits might say about your potential date will put you in good stead, giving you more confidence when digital dating.” If this your style, then shoot away and tango together. However, if you’re the type of person where this grates on you, address it head on. It might be the case that they’re simply not used to this messaging style with others but are open to change. Hopefully, by showing that you group your own messages together consistently, they’ll get the hint. If you’re someone who is more concise with their responses and less frequent, maybe you can come to a compromise the more you get to know them. Whilst it might seem daunting, call them out on it (unless you’re equally as relaxed about messaging). Knowing where you stand is always a great place to be and helps to manage your expectations. If they hardly ever respond (and time length is a matter of personal opinion) then ditch. Don’t waste your time on someone who isn’t giving you the attention you deserve. If you’re not a voice note person yourself, don’t feel overwhelmed. You don’t need to replicate this! With many of us hating the sound of our own voice recorded, feel at ease that they’re confident and happy to share this with you. It might even encourage you to get involved and build your own confidence. MORE LIKE THIS