World No.1 Novak Djokovic has been accused of being a 'turn-off' for Australian tennis fans with television figures well down during this year's tournament compared to 12 months ago. The absence of home favourite Nick Kyrgios through injury and the early exit of 22-time Grand Slam winner Rafael Nadal are being blamed for the fall in figures. Australian TV station Channel 9 has published their viewing figures after spending a huge £287million to secure Australian Open rights until 2030. This came after an exciting 2022 competition where home girl Ashleigh Barty won the women's tournament ahead of her retirement. There was also a remarkable win in last year's men's doubles competition for Kyrgios alongside fellow Australian Thanasi Kokkinakis. During both the women's and men's doubles finals last year, there was a peak television audience of 4.261million viewers compared to 1.437m this month. Excitement around the Australian Open for home fans was hit by the retirement of defending women's champion Barty and men's star Roger Federer last year. Kyrgios was seen as the biggest draw for home fans and his decision not to play on the eve of the tournament due to a cyst on his knee, also impacted on interest around the opening major in Australia. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic coach ridicules Aus Open rival he was 'most afraid of' for wrong tactics  The opening night of the tournament saw just 357,000 people watch Channel 9's coverage - 100,000 less than soap opera Home and Away on a rival channel. TV expert Colin Vickery told the Herald Sun that the return to Australian of men's winner Djokovic was not a draw for the home audience. He said: "We know Djokovic really isn‘t a ratings drawcard in my mind so the fact of him being part of it this year, I think doesn’t make any difference. The world of tennis is lacking TV ratings drawcards at the moment, it is in a transition phase. The drawcards who are reliable like Ash Barty, (Roger) Federer, they have gone and there are very few coming through right at this moment.” DON'T MISS:  Home tennis star Kyrgios appeared in the Netflix series ‘Break Point’ which was released days before the Australian Open. The series focuses on the players coming through to take the mantle from the likes of Nadal, Federer and Djokovic once they have all retired. "This Netflix (show) is kind of the last hope that tennis is going to be interesting globally on the map for a long, long time," Kyrgios said. "We've got a lot of young personalities. I think the first episode (which focuses on Kyrgios) is pretty exciting and I think it will keep people interested for sure." 