Teen aerialist Aidan Bryant has been impressing the judges throughout this very special edition of America’s Got Talent, which has brought back some of the best crowd-pleasing contestants from previous seasons of the NBC competition show. For Monday night’s All-Stars grand finale, a group of ‘Superfans’ was chosen to determine which of the 11 finalists would be taking home a prize of $500,000. Fans have slammed Bryant’s AGT win on Monday night as a “rigged” result for the first season of All-Stars. The two-hour finale featured performances from all 11 remaining contestants, and the judges were blown away by what they saw. Saxophonist Dixon finished second, whilst Ukrainian dance group Light Balance Kids was awarded third place. Steamrolling the competition, Bryant was crowned the ‘Superfans’ winner ahead of other favourites Ana-Maria Mărgean and Aidan McCann. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis However, the vote has sparked an uproar amongst the AGT audience, with many viewers taking to social media to complain about the result. On Twitter, Kyle Andolina said: “I’ve been watching AGT for years and just finished AGT All-Stars and I’m sorry but Aidan Bryant’s act should not have won or even been in the top 10. “He did the same thing so many others have, but that’s what happens when ‘Superfans’ get to choose. Who even are the ‘Superfans’?” @BarterToken fumed: “Aidan Bryant did not even belong in the Top 10. Let alone All-Star winner.” “SMH! You should allow fans to vote. Not some secret, faceless, probably fake ‘Superfans’.” Jason Tips wrote: “I'll wait. Show me a kid with Kodi or Avery’s talent, go ahead I'll wait. “This show is now a joke or it's just completely rigged for society's narrative. @SimonCowell @AGT you should be ashamed.” @kentlee47 asked: “I am wondering if the ‘Superfans’ got mixed up and thought they were voting on the top five out??" DON'T MISS:Party Down’s Martin Starr says revival ‘just a teaser’ [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander fans spot tribute to Sam Heughan in novels [INSIGHT]The Last of Us theory ‘seals’ Joel’s death [THEORY] “How Kodi and Tom weren’t in the final five was a complete joke and to be honest, I am really starting to wonder if there are any ‘Superfans’ after all??? This show seemed 1000% rigged.” Although other fans were happy with the result, as @Garrett94949064 tweeted: “Yes YaYyyyyyyy!!! Congrats @AidanBryantAGT on winning @AGT All-Stars!! “To be honest you just proved to me that no matter one's age you can still do anything you set your mind to!! GO Aidan!! “Almost happy tears. I am so happy lol! Best of luck and hope to meet you in person someday!” And @Soniasblessed said: “Congratulations Aidan. Your hard work is paying off. Good luck to you!” After receiving a standing ovation, Bryant told host Terry Crews: “This experience is crazy! “I am so thankful. This is crazy, y'all. Thank you so much. This means so much to me.” AGT results will never please everyone, but the addition of so-called ‘Superfans’ this year has certainly made fans more sceptical about this year’s winner. America’s Got Talent: All-Stars is available to watch on NBC in the USA. AGT season 18 premieres May 30, 2023.