DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and DS Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) have been hard at work, investigating murders all around the north east and will return for another instalmnet this weekend on ITV. This will be the fourth and final episode of series 12 with no confirmed season renewal for Vera just yet. But actress Blethyn has already stated there is going to be another film called The Rising Tide, later this year. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Vera.Vera season 12 will conclude with The Darkest Evening on Sunday, February 19, at 8pm on ITV. Once again, the plot will be based on author Ann Cleeves' book of the same name and will be the 50th episode of Vera. Teasing what's to come, the synopsis reads: "On the night of a storm, DCI Stanhope comes across an abandoned car with a baby inside. "With no mobile signal and blocked roads at every turn, she is forced to seek refuge somewhere she'd rather not be at Brockburn House, the Stanhopes' ancestral residence. "Things take a sinister turn when a body is found on the track leading to the house." READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Guest starring in The Darkest Evening as a character called Ronnie Browne is actor Kevin Doyle. He is probably best recognised for playing the footman Joseph Molesley in the ITV period drama Downton Abbey. Since then, he has appeared in a number of other popular shows, including Happy Valley, Coronation Street, The Crimson Field and The Lakes. Most recently, Doyle was in the series Sherwood as Fred Rowley. When Vera arrives at Brockburn House, she once again meets her cousin Juliet who she hasn't seen for years. Actress Zoe Telford has been in Absolute Power, Yes, Prime Minister, Love & Marriage, Meet the Richardsons and Litvinenko. Robert Falstone is believed to be a resident at Brockburn House, portrayed by Jack Deam. He has played Marty Fisher in Shameless and Inspector Mallory in Father Brown. DON'T MISS...Better viewers 'switch off' minutes into thriller after feeling 'lost' [REACTION]Vera viewers distracted as they slam 'all over the place' accents [EXPLAINER]Vera season 12 episode 3 cast explained as police officer found dead [CAST] Robert's wife is Jill Falstone who isn't afraid to speak her mind when it comes to Vera asking questions. Fans may remember her for playing Teresa Bryant in Coronation Street for three years until her exit in 2010. Actress Rosalind March will play Harriet Stanhope who, according to the book series, is Vera's aunt. March has been in Calendar Girls, Poirot, London Bridge, Feel Good and Life Without George. Lorna is The Darkest Evening's victim, whose body Vera stumbles upon when she is at Brockburn House. She is also the mum of the abandoned baby the detective finds in the car. Some of actress Aimee Cassettari's credits include Last Night in Soho, Strike Back and The Sandman. Other cast members include: Nettie Heslop - Sky Frances Dorothy Elmsworth - Kaye Brown Joanne Simmons-Wright - Reynah Rita Sophie Blackstock - Shelley Williams Vera is available to watch on ITVX.