Chelsea's record signing, Enzo Fernandez, has already voiced his admiration for West Ham midfielder Declan Rice. Blues supporters would surely love to see the pair in midfield together at Stamford Bridge, with the club rumoured to be weighing up a big-money swoop for the England international at the end of the season. Co-owner Todd Boehly has blown his competition out of the water with an eye-popping £600million transfer spend since the start of last summer. Fernandez's arrival on deadline day was the crown jewel in his spending spree, with Benfica landing a British record £107m. His first game ended in a disappointing 0-0 draw with Fulham, but fans still generally liked what they saw from the 22-year-old, who was neat and tidy just days after landing in England. Boehly's relentless pursuit of squad development means that Fernandez could be joined by another midfielder when the window reopens. Rice spent time in the Blues' academy before joining West Ham as a teenager, and Chelsea are among a host of clubs thought to be keen on luring him in at the end of the season. JUST IN: Arsenal fans gleefully thank rivals Tottenham for doing them a favour with Man City win The Hammers are supposedly resigned to losing him after years of fending off serious interest, but they could fetch around £100m. Fernandez has already hinted that he would be more than happy for Boehly to make Rice his midfield partner in crime, claiming late last year that the Englishman is someone he admires. "I try to watch as much football and learn a little bit from everyone," Fernandez explained during an interview while at the World Cup in Qatar. "I like Rice of England, I try to watch him and learn." DON'T MISSPep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeatSpurs hero Kane and three others that did Conte proud in Man City winNewcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner Despite West Ham's precarious position in the Premier League, Rice has taken the captain's armband in his stride this season, reinforcing his status as the standout performer under David Moyes. Chelsea may not have it easy persuading him to sign, however, amid rival interest from high-flyers Arsenal. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta has reportedly drawn up a detailed outline on how he plans to phase Rice into his starting XI, and the West Ham star is supposedly leaning towards the Emirates over Stamford Bridge. Qualifying for the Champions League may also prove crucial after Rice explained his club-level ambitions during the World Cup.  "One hundred per cent I want to play in the Champions League," he told reporters. "For the last two or three years I've been saying that. I've been playing consistently well for my club and I feel like I really want to keep pushing. "I see my friends here [with England at the World Cup], who are playing Champions League and competing for big trophies. You only get one career and at the end of it you want to look back at what you've won and the biggest games you've played in. I really want to do that."