Fury has erupted after it emerged the governor of Xinjiang in China - who has been accused of playing a key role in the persecution of Uyghur Muslims in his region - could visit the UK next week. The House of Commons heard the controversial official Erkin Tuniyaz might travel to the country in the coming days and could meet Foreign Office directors. This is despite the UK Government's condemnation of human rights abuses in Xinjiang, which include claims of forced female sterilisation and sending children to "concentration camps". Mr Tuniyaz is a leading Chinese Communist Party member and the governor of the north-western Chinese province. In 2021, UK MPs approved a non-binding Commons motion which declared Uyghur Muslims and other minorities there were suffering crimes against humanity and genocide". Foreign Office minister Leo Docherty told the House of Commons: "We understand from the Chinese embassy that the governor of Xinjiang may visit the UK next week. "He has not been invited by the UK Government or by the FCDO [Foreign Commonwealth and Development Office] and we have no confirmation that he will in fact travel." Mr Docherty said ministers would not meet the governor but had approved a meeting with Foreign Office officials as part of a policy he called "robust pragmatism" to continue dialogue with China. He added: "The judgment of ministers has been that these opportunities are useful in their ability to offer a chance to express a very forthright condemnation of the outrages in Xinjiang." But leading Conservative Party MPs have reacted furiously over the decision to give the green light for Tuniyaz to visit the UK. Former Tory leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith raged it is a "propaganda coup for the Chinese Government" and made clear the official has "not been invited by the UK Government". He also insisted a strong stance to challenging human rights violations and standing up for the "rights of the oppressed" is central to the UK's diplomatic work. READ MORE: UK escapes recession 'by skin of its teeth' Sir Iain warned Foreign Office minister Mr Docherty: "This is a propaganda coup for the Chinese Government. To be very clear, he has not been invited by the UK Government." He added: "Robust engagement to challenge human rights violations and to stand up for the rights of the oppressed is at the core of the UK’s diplomatic work." British officials would be prepared to offer the controversial governor a meeting, but only to "make absolutely clear the UK’s abhorrence of the treatment of the Uyghur people". Former Tory leader Sir Iain labelled Mr Docherty’s response "weak" and said it masked the fact that Tuniyaz would be welcomed by British officials. DON'T MISSVladimir Putin 'readying' catastrophic Satan-2 nuke missile launch [REPORT]Britain’s financial shame as greedy banks blasted [REACTION]The Government must cancel this tax rise, says JACOB REES-MOGG [OPINION] He continued: "During his [Tuniyaz’s] tenure, more than one million Uyghurs and other people from predominantly Muslim minorities have been detained in Xinjiang. "A man who declares that nothing is going on is hardly likely to be bothered by a Foreign Office official telling him, 'Now, now, you’ve got to stop this'." Alicia Kearns, chairman of the Foreign Affairs committee, said: "In Xinjiang, women are being forcibly sterilised, children are in concentration camps, there are forced labour camps and systemic rape, yet the minister has just confirmed from the despatch box that ministers approved of this visit by one of the masterminds of this genocide." "There is no legitimate reason to allow this man, Erkin Tuniyaz, into our country, [the] only meetings with him should be in a courtroom. So will the government now sanction him?" A Downing Street spokesman said: "We do maintain diplomatic channels so we can pass on these messages and make clear our position. "For now, we think the right approach is to personally deliver the message to the governor of Xinjiang." The Prime Minister's official spokesman told journalists: "My understanding is that FCDO officials are meeting the governor of Xinjiang to make clear the UK's abhorrence over the treatment of the Uyghur people and to underline that we will not relent from exposing the horrors from which they are being subjected."