New research from Independent Cottages has found the cities with the most and least guidebooks written about them. But while London topped the list, there was one city without any guidebooks at all. Milton Keynes is the UK’s most underrated city with a grand total of zero guidebooks written about it. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’  Milton Keynes, the largest settlement in Buckinghamshire, has its fair share of critics. The ‘new’ city was created in 1967 to alleviate housing shortages in London. The city was built in a US-style grid design and was recently named one of the 50 worst places to live in the UK in an ‘iLivehere’ poll. A nightmare for learner drivers, Milton Keynes has one of the highest number of roundabouts in the country with a whopping 130 to navigate. But although it might have been neglected by Britain’s guidebooks, the city actually has plenty of attractions worth visiting. Top of the list is Bletchley Park, the secretive home of the codebreakers who helped bring an end to WW2. The English country house hosted codebreakers, including Alan Turing, as they worked to decipher Nazi communications. A Tripadvisor spokesperson said: “Bletchley Park, was once Britain’s best kept secret and is now a vibrant heritage attraction.” A visitor wrote: “A very interesting visit to such a significant place. I’d recommend spending at least five hours there.” READ MORE: England’s best free family days out for half-term If you’re looking for an adventurous break, Milton Keynes is also home to Snozone, Europe’s largest indoor real snow resort. Tourists can try their hand at skiing, snowboarding or sledding, with lessons available for beginners. The city is also home to Gulliver’s Land Theme Park Resort, a perfect family day out with classic theme park rides, attractions and shows. If the weather’s good, tourists are never more than half a mile from a park in Milton Keynes with plenty of perfect picnic spots. No visit to Milton Keynes is complete without a trip to see the Concrete Cows, the city’s famous sculpture. Created in 1978 by an American artist, the giant cows are constructed from scrap metal and chicken wire. The cows have been vandalised several times and one of the calves was once kidnapped and held to ransom. Tourists can see the cows at MK Museum where they can learn about the history of the UK’s most underrated city.