PIP is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and goes towards the additional financial costs that accumulate from having a long-term disability or illness. Claimants of PIP could get as much as £627 a month via the DWP benefit with Britons who suffer from neurological conditions being among those who qualify. Here is a full list of the neurological conditions that could make someone entitled to PIP, according to the DWP. Cerebrovascular disease  READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance The disability benefit payment PIP is split into a daily living component and a mobility component. These different parts are paid at either a higher or lower rate depending on the severity of someone’s health condition or illness. Payments for the daily living component are awarded for a claimant's living expenses while the mobility part is reserved for the cost of travel. PIP is due to be given a payment rate raise, alongside the majority of DWP benefits in April 2023. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing As it stands, the disability payment’s daily living component has a lower weekly rate of £61.85 and a higher rate of £92.40. Conversely, the mobility component is £24.45 a week for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. Claimants are able to claim both components of PIP if they are eligible for extra support for daily living costs and mobility issues. If someone with a neurological condition was claiming the higher weekly rates of both components, they would receive £156.90 a week which would be £627.60 monthly. Most benefit payments by the DWP are receiving a 10.1 percent boost in only a few months’ time. Benefit payment rates are going up by the Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation for September 2022. When applied, PIP’s higher and lower rates for the daily living component will be £101.75 and £68.10, respectively. At the same time, the mobility component will be £71.05 a week for the higher rate and £26.95 for the lower rate. Keep up to date with the latest money news by following us on Twitter at @ExpressMoney