The Grammys is the biggest night of the year for the music industry, celebrating talented artists from around the globe. This 2023 edition will be no different with comedian Trevor Noah back to host the ceremony and he is bound to poke fun at some of the iconic faces in the room. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about watching the Grammys, wherever you are. The 2023 Grammy Awards is going to take place at the Crypto.com Arena, formerly known as the Staples Center, in Los Angeles, California. The ceremony is going to be exclusively broadcasted on the American network CBS as well as its streaming service Paramount+. If you don't have cable though, then you will need to sign up to a subscription service in order to watch the Grammys live. fuboTV, Hulu+ Live, YouTube TV and Sling TV will all enable you to watch the Grammys and offer a free trial. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending The 2023 Grammys is going to air on Sunday, February 5, at 5pm PT (Pacific Time Zone) on both CBS and Paramount+. However, due to the world being split into various time zones, not everyone will watch the ceremony at 8pm. The show is going to be aired around the world though so while the time itself may differ, the Grammys is still going to be shown live at the same moment. If you live on the east coast though, the show will instead begin at 8pm ET (Eastern Time Zone). Unfortunately, CBS isn't available in the UK as it's only for those who reside in the States. What makes it worse is that as the Grammys is airing exclusively on there, there is no TV channel that will be airing the show live. But there is no need to worry as this doesn't mean fans of the music awards have to miss out on the special. British viewers can live streaming the Grammys via its website instead. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [REACTION]Melissa Etheridge health: Star’s ‘painful’ recovery from breast cancer [HEALTH]Singer Naomi Judd Singer Obituary [TRIBUTE] As America is split into different time zones, so is the rest of the world. So while the ceremony will air live on the Grammys' website, it won't be at either 5pm ET or 8pm PT. Instead, UK fans are going to have to wait up on Monday, February 6, at 1am to watch the event unfold live. No UK channels have announced plans to air the ceremony afterwards or even the highlights just yet. This year, Beyonce has a total of nine nominations and currently ties with her rapper husband Jay-Z for most lifetime Grammy nominations of 88. Closely following this year is rapper Kendrick Lamar with eight award nominations. Kendrick and Beyonce are both up for Album of the Year Award, along with Harry Styles, Mary J Blige, Brandi Carlile, Lizzo, Coldplay, ABBA, Bad Bunny and Adele. The Grammys airs on Sunday, February 5, at 8pm ET/5pm PT on CBS in the USA and is available to watch on Monday, February 6, at 1am GMT via the Grammys website for UK viewers.