Lewis Hamilton could move to America to compete in US championships when he walks away from F1, according to a former British driver. Mark Blundell has tipped the Mercedes star to try his hand at NASCAR to give himself a “whole new challenge”. Blundell feels there would be a ”level of excitement” over a move to the USA in a country the 38-year-old clearly loves. He told PlanetF1: “My gut tells me that we’re probably going to see Lewis Hamilton racing in America in the not-too-distant future. “I just feel that there will be a level of excitement and challenge and comfort for him to go over there and do something, I’m not sure whether he’d do IndyCar, maybe something like NASCAR might be an appeal to him! “Taking on a whole new challenge and seeing whether that can be delivered on. I think that’s going to be the next stage of his life, in terms of what the personal challenge is going to be. Maybe that challenge won’t be in Formula One, because it might not be that he’s got the kit to do it.” READ MORE: Alonso makes 'honest' prediction Verstappen and Hamilton will like Hamilton has a series of properties in America with bases in New York. Colorado and Los Angeles. The seven-time world champion also invested in NFL team the Denver Broncos to solidify his position in the States. Blundell’s claims come as contract talks around a new deal for Hamilton continue to stall. The Mercedes star’s current deal expires at the end of the upcoming 2023 season with an extension not yet signed. Hamilton has previously claimed a new deal was in the pipeline with a new agreement set to be “multi-year”. It is expected it will be a two-year contract which will keep Hamilton at the iconic German marque until the end of the 2025 season. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton could be replaced by fellow British F1 ace [INSIGHT]Russell makes No 1 Mercedes driver point amid Hamilton battle [ANALYSIS]F1 boss Domenicali makes free-speech vow but political protests banned [COMMENT] Team boss Toto Wolff claimed the new deal would be agreed during the winter but this has failed to materialise. Hamilton raised fears over the winter as he claimed talks had not begun between either side. Fears were heightened last month when Mercedes confirmed negotiations had not even started after reports claimed an agreement has been reached, It comes with just over a week to go before pre-season testing and just under three weeks before the first race in Bahrain. Mercedes said: ”Obviously, the winter doesn’t stop the rumour mill, and it’s been entertaining to read speculation about contract discussions when they haven’t yet begun.”