Lionel Messi is ‘increasingly uncertain’ about extending his contract with Paris Saint-Germain, according to reports. The iconic forward and his father Jorge apparently held a meeting with club officials on Wednesday afternoon in which they could not come to an agreement. Messi’s contract expires at the end of the season and the Parisians are reportedly keen to extend the 35-year-old’s terms beyond the summer. PSG supposedly wanted a quick decision from the player in January as they continue to battle Financial Fair Play issues. However, Messi took a while to decide on his future and has only just met with club chiefs to discuss a new contract. He is apparently interested in a switch to David Beckham’s Inter Miami. The World Cup winner is allegedly ‘increasingly uncertain’ about staying in the French capital. A meeting on Wednesday reportedly concluded with no agreement, leaving PSG fearing that the Argentine might depart. JUST IN: De Bruyne shoves Arteta as tempers boil over in Arsenal vs Man City That is according to L’Equipe, who report that a second meeting is due to take place in the coming days. Wednesday’s talks were apparently held in Paris and came a day after PSG’s disappointing home defeat against Bayern Munich in the Champions League. The report adds that Messi has grown frustrated by the situation at the reigning Ligue 1 champions. Behind closed doors, he has supposedly expressed doubts about the club’s decision to centre their project around Kylian Mbappe. In public, Messi continues to back Mbappe and seems unlikely to speak off-message about the France sensation. The 24-year-old signed a reported £1million-per-week contract last summer, which is widely reported to have limited what the club can do in the transfer market. Messi has been linked with a mega-money move to Inter Miami, who are owned by England and Manchester United icon Beckham. The former midfielder’s ex-United team-mate Phil Neville is the head coach of the MLS outfit. DON'T MISS...Tottenham chief Levy's view as billionaire Jahm Najafi lines up bidLiverpool icon Enrique brutally mocks Man City over charges in videoArteta let down by three players as Man City rock Arsenal at Emirates The Messi family are reportedly open to moving to Miami. A return to Barcelona has surprisingly not been reported, despite the Blaugrana legend’s close ties with the Spanish giants. A much more positive second season in France has given PSG hope that Messi might extend his contract. The attacker has scored 15 goals and provided a further 14 assists in just 26 appearances across all competitions. There was also the emotional World Cup triumph in Qatar. It remains to be seen where Messi will be playing his club football next season.