King Charles has co-authored a Ladybird book on climate change to give children basic facts and figures about the environmental threat facing the planet. It comes after Charles met his co-author, Natural England chair Tony Juniper, when he hosted a reception for environment ministers from across the globe. They had been attending a Government conference to drive forward the goals of the UN nature summit, Cop15. Mr Juniper, who was joined by Environment Secretary Therese Coffey and Commonwealth Secretary-General Baroness Scotland at the Buckingham Palace event, described the King's convening power. He said: "I think he is recognised as a distinguished leader on some of the most pressing subjects facing humanity and the fact of him being here today really underlines the importance of the subject matter and, I hope, will galvanise everyone to want to do even more in finding solutions." King Charles is a life-long champion of the environment who has written a number of books on the subject. He began the Ladybird project, a rewriting of a 2017 climate change book aimed at adults, before he became King. Mr Juniper said of the King's reasons for writing the book: "I think he's been struck by the level of energy and passion shown by young people on these subjects, and was keen to put something into their hands which was about those basic facts and figures, basic ideas, but also with his personal message in there." The King is the lead author of the Ladybird Book of Climate Change written with climate scientist Dr Emily Shuckburgh and Mr Juniper, who has known Charles for more than 20 years. An afterword has been penned by the monarch. Mr Juniper said of Charles's message at the end of the book, due to be published next month: "It's about the importance of the subject matter. It's about the importance of young people being empowered. READ ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN FEATURING IN SOUTH PARK "It's about the great sweep of history and facts and how we've come to see the world through a certain set of assumptions and how we need to change those." He added the book was updated and re-written from the earlier version for adults which had been penned by the three authors of the new children's book. Mr Juniper said it aims to make the subject of climate change accessible for seven to 11-year-olds, "trying to bring the facts to the fingertips of the people who've got most to gain by finding solutions in time, namely the young people". Among the guests at the Buckingham Palace event were business executives and indigenous leaders from across the globe with one placing a necklace made from seeds - symbolic of an alliance between the King and indigenous people - around the Charles's neck. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan's Coronation fate decided as pair set to attend [REVEALED] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'won't recover' from South Park episode [REPORT]Meghan and Harry should be 'very concerned' after South Park episode [OPINION] Domingo Peas, an Amazonian indigenous leader, bestowed the gift on the British monarch and said afterwards: "We want the King to be an intermediary for our people with the other countries. "We want to give him an Amazonian crown to solidify the King's alliance in solidarity with indigenous people." Mr Peas presented the gift during today's Buckingham Palace reception where guests discussed how to deliver a global biodiversity framework. News of the book comes in a week when the General Secretary of the United Nations warned global sea levels have risen faster since 1900 and their relentless increase puts countries like Bangladesh, China, India and the Netherlands at risk. Antonio Guterres said it acutely endangers nearly 900 million people living in low-lying coastal areas. In a grim speech to the Security Council’s first-ever meeting on the threat to international peace and security from rising sea levels, Mr Guterres said sea levels will rise significantly even if global warming is "miraculously" limited to 1.5 degrees Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit), the elusive international goal. He warned the Earth is more likely on a path to warming that amounts to "a death sentence" for countries vulnerable to that rise, including many small island nations. In addition to threatened countries, Mr Guterres said, "mega-cities on every continent will face serious effects, including Cairo, Lagos, Maputo, Bangkok, Dhaka, Jakarta, Mumbai, Shanghai, Copenhagen, London, Los Angeles, New York, Buenos Aires and Santiago". The UN chief stressed that every fraction of a degree in global warming counts, since sea level rise could double if temperatures rise by 2C (3.6F), and could increase exponentially with further temperature increases. Mr Guterres said the World Meteorological Organization had released data on Tuesday spelling out the grave danger of rising seas. He said: "Global average sea levels have risen faster since 1900 than over any preceding century in the last 3,000 years. "The global ocean has warmed faster over the past century than at any time in the past 11,000 years." According to the data cited by Guterres, the global mean sea level will rise by about two to three meters (about 6.5 to 9.8 feet) over the next 2,000 years if warming is limited to 1.5C. With a 2C increase, seas could rise up to 6 meters (19.7 feet), and with a 5C increase, seas could rise up to 22 meters (72 feet), according to the WMO. Mr Gutteres said: "Our world is hurtling past the 1.5-degree warming limit that a livable future requires, and with present policies, is careening towards 2.8 degrees — a death sentence for vulnerable countries." He added the consequences were unthinkable.