Liverpool have been warned that failing to sign either Jude Bellingham or Declan Rice as part of four summer transfers would “fail” Jurgen Klopp as the Reds gear up for a rebuild at the end of the season. Liverpool’s midfield woes have been well-documented as inaction in the middle third of the pitch has proven costly, with the Reds currently seventh in the Premier League table and face the prospect of being out of all cup competitions after a 5-2 defeat to Real Madrid in the Champions League. Jordan Henderson, Fabinho and Stefan Bajcetic have recently comprised Klopp’s preferred midfield trio but a drop in form from previous years have seen the team questioned. Former Liverpool striker Stan Collymore insists that up to four new midfield additions need to be brought into Anfield in the summer, with one of them needing to be either Bellingham or Rice. “Liverpool’s entire midfield needs transforming,” Collymore wrote for CaughtOffside. “Stefan Bajcetic looks like a great prospect but there’s no way Jurgen Klopp can be relying on an 18-year-old week in, week out. "I honestly think that anything short of three or four new midfielders in the summer, with at least one of them being either Declan Rice or Jude Bellingham, won’t be good enough. “In my opinion, not addressing that area of the pitch would see Liverpool fail to seriously compete for several more seasons. They’ve got to completely overhaul their midfield engine as soon as possible, no ifs, buts or maybes, so as for [Naby] Keita being linked away, I’ve got absolutely no problem with him leaving.” Keita could be among several midfield exits this summer to accommodate new additions, as the Guinean alongside Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and James Milner are all out of contract in the summer. The 37-year-old is reportedly in talks regarding a new contract at Anfield, but there are expected to be multiple outgoing midfielders at the end of the season. Collymore believes that the time is right for Keita to leave, after an underwhelming time in England following his £52.75m move from RB Leipzig in 2018. “I would definitely let Naby Keita go,” Collymore added. “His move from RB Leipzig back in 2018 was an exciting one because of how long the fans had to wait for him to join because of how the deal was constructed but it just hasn’t worked out. Sometimes that happens in football when a player joins a club and fails to live up to expectations. “He’s been at Anfield long enough and if it hasn’t worked by now, it never will, so the end of the season certainly feels like the right time to let him go. He’s out of contract in the summer anyway so everything is pointing toward an end-of-season-exit.”