It was a little under two years ago when Harry Kane caused a stir with his admission that he never said "I’d stay at Spurs for the rest of my career". Manchester City were doing everything to bring the England international to the Etihad with a bid worth £100million sent to Spurs. Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy dug his heels in to prevent the deal from happening with Kane reportedly left disappointed at not getting the move he wanted. Now, Kane's future is once again the hot topic heading into the summer transfer window. City are unlikely to be in the market for Kane again after signing both Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez in the past year. But Kane's status as one of the world's best strikers hasn't diminished and there won't be a shortage of suitors should the striker indicate his desire to move on again, with Manchester United one possible destination. In that interview back in 2021, Kane admitted that his main desire is to be competing for trophies. It's the main blot on Kane's career to date with the Englishman yet to lift any silverware.  Tottenham have come close on occasions, but they're once again facing another season without any trophies. Antonio Conte's side still have a chance in the FA Cup and face a winnable tie against Sheffield United for a place in the quarter-finals next month. They also get their Champions League campaign back underway next week when they travel to AC Milan. Competing for trophies is ultimately Kane's goal and the next few months could be key for Tottenham in trying to keep the striker at the club.  Talks are set to be held soon on a contract extension for Kane and it's been suggested that he's in favour of a new deal, so long as circumstances are favourable. Those circumstances may well rest on Tottenham securing Champions League football for another season as well as a push for silverware between now and the summer. But Kane's precarious future at Tottenham has already alerted the attention of teams all over Europe with both United and Bayern Munich showing a reported interest. The summer of 2021 saw Kane's future at Tottenham dominate headlines throughout the transfer window and that could well be repeated this year. For Tottenham, they'll hope they can once again win the battle to keep their talisman in north London once again. However, Kane will turn 30 this summer and he'll be fully aware that this could be his last opportunity to secure a big-money move to a regular trophy contender.