Jermaine Jenas apologised to The One Show viewers for his co-host Lauren Laverne's error during Tuesday's programme. The presenter and Lauren welcomed actress Anne Reid onto the show to chat about her new play Marjorie Prime. However, when discussing her time on Casualty, Lauren accidentally gave the wrong name of the actor who appeared alongside Anne in the BBC drama. "Before we go, we'd just like to say we're really very sorry for an error in last night's programme," Jermaine began. "We showed a scene from Casualty featuring Anne Reid and wrongly mentioned that Patterson Joseph was in the clip as well. "It was, of course, Patrick Robinson, who famously played, Martin Ashford." READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series He added: "Patterson played Mark Grace later in the 90s, our apologies Patrick." After playing the clip in question on Tuesday's show, Jermaine asked Anne about her fondest memories of Casualty. The actress, who was joined by Casualty's newest actor, Nigel Harmon, replied: "It was quite funny actually. "My memory was we had to sit in reception for about three days because they were shooting. "And there was a girl opposite who was terribly heavily pregnant, and I thought she was a supporting artist. "I felt really sorry for her and I went up to her a couple of times and said, 'Can I get you some water? Would you like a cup of tea?' and she said, 'Thank you very much'. "It was only after three days when some joker came in and went like... I realised it was a cushion." At the time, fans did question the name blunder and took to social media to share their thoughts. DON'T MISS...Vanessa Feltz issues plea to This Morning viewers after split [VIDEO]BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [REACTION]Death in Paradise star speaks out on Marlon and Naomi romance [INSIGHT] @Eveshamroad asked: "Is The One Show going to acknowledge glaring mistaken identity of Patrick Robinson calling him Patterson Joseph!" (sic) While Paul R Jackson tweeted: "The One Show. Lauren Laverne intro to classic 1992 clip from Casualty with guest Anne Reid stupidly mistook Patrick Robinson for Paterson Joseph." (sic) Meanwhile, on Wednesday's The One Show, Alex Jones and Jermaine were joined by singer Becky Hill and Jermaine Defoe. Becky discussed her upcoming performance at The Brits, which will air on Sunday.    The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.