Our paths crossed at a number of political events over the years. I attended dinners and lectures where she explained her economic outlook and I had no doubt that her views on the economy aligned with my own. That’s why I was delighted to support her campaign for Leadership last summer. I thought her mini-budget was just what the country needed, but it was not only me. Groups like the CBI, the Institute of Directors, the Independent Business Network of family businesses (IBN), all representing businesses, large and small, welcomed her plans and even some in the media were claiming we finally had a real Tory budget. It was a budget which acknowledged that taxes were already too high and grinding our economy to a halt and that we needed to address the longer term issues, or ‘supply side’ of the economy to kickstart our country back to growth. But the markets didn’t like it; the civil service didn’t like it and Liz Truss’ political opponents – in her own party – didn’t like it. So, I am delighted to see she is now fighting back to explain what actually happened; why she was forced to sack her chancellor and reverse her plans before eventually being hounded out of office. Not only is it important for her own self-esteem to set the record straight, but it is crucial that we understand what went on, otherwise any future leader wishing to push forward the type of low-tax growth strategy will be told – ‘Trussonomics doesn’t work’. Only, it does. While real business people like me welcomed Truss’s strategy, it was the markets which were supposedly ‘spooked’. I don’t believe this for one second. All her measures had been set out over the summer during the leadership hustings and were never going to be a surprise. And not only were her consumer and business energy price support plans declared a fortnight before, virtually the entire political establishment seemed to back them. Currency markets tumbled because the day before her mini-budget the Bank of England had undercooked measures needed to stave off inflation. The question is, why had the Bank been so much slower than the US Fed to raise rates over here. It was because the Bank was aware that a sudden rise in interest rates could destabilise UK pension funds, which had £1.6 trillion invested in risky options, called LDI’s – that’s half the entire world’s investments in these perilous options and amounting to almost two-thirds of our national debt. In the end the Bank acted to stabilise the markets and has even profited from the transaction. But Liz Truss was made the scapegoat. Heads have yet to roll here and this remains a scandal which needs investigating further. It is impossible to be certain about what ifs. I believe if the Truss Government had been given the chance to enact its programme, we would by now be seeing the benefits. Growth would be returning as the incentive to work was restored and interest rates would be stabilising anyway with none of the dire consequences from the mini-budget that were forecast by the doom-sayers. We will never know exactly how this counterfactual would have unfolded. While Liz didn’t have the chance to put pro-growth solutions and institutional reforms into practice, hopefully her short period as Prime Minister helped – however marginally – to give a public voice once again to these important principles. The establishment is not all-powerful and does not have a monopoly of wisdom. I encourage the Conservative Party’s leadership – now and future – to embrace pro-growth policies because, as a previous leader of the Conservative party memorably commented, there really is no alternative.