Manchester United beat Crystal Palace 2-1 on Saturday to boost their chances of finishing in the Premier League top four. And though the transfer window is shut, various reports have emerged surrounding the club. Express Sport now brings you the latest with Mason Greenwood, Harry Maguire and Sir Jim Ratcliffe all in the spotlight. According to The Sun, United players believe Greenwood shouldn’t return to the fold at the current moment in time. The England international recently had charges dropped against him, meaning he’s now technically free to play football again. But with United firing on all fronts without the 21-year-old, players feel any comeback would potentially represent a distraction. A source is quoted as saying: “The players are open to him returning to the team but the scrutiny could be massively distracting. “The dressing room is the happiest it has been for ages and no one wants to rock the boat.” Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford The Sun claim Erik ten Hag has spoken to Harry Maguire behind the scenes after the defender missed out on a move to Inter Milan last month. United blocked their skipper from jumping ship to the San Siro as they look to win all four trophies they’re competing in. Ten Hag has apparently told Maguire he’s counting on him for the second half of the season, and the 29-year-old will get his opportunities. Right now, the England international is behind the likes of Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane in the pecking order. But United are still adamant Maguire can be a key player as they look to finish the campaign on a strong note. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Sir Jim Ratcliffe is reportedly the frontrunner when it comes to a takeover of United. The Daily Mail say the INEOS chief is expected to launch a formal bid to buy the club next week. The British billionaire has already confirmed his interest in United, having missed out on buying Chelsea last season. However, the Glazers are unlikely to get the money they’re demanding in order to finally offload the Red Devils. It’s believed a takeover could be struck closer to the £4billion mark, rather than the £6bn to £8bn the Americans want. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag has admitted Casemiro ‘crossed the line’ by choking Will Hughes in United’s 2-1 victory over Palace on Saturday. But the Dutchman has also confirmed the Red Devils may appeal the Brazil international’s dismissal, saying: "First of all, we have to deal with it and we will do, but it is not right. "It shouldn't have happened. And last week, VAR doesn't do anything about the tackle (on Christian Eriksen by Andy Carroll), but this was avoidable and because in this incident there have to be consequences and they are inconsistent and that is not right, that is not fair against us. "We have to think about [appealing]. But be fair, we have seen when you're freezing (the frame), Casemiro is crossing the line. But many more players were crossing the line there. "We get also some warnings about our team reacting like this and I think you have to do it, you have to protect each other but we want to keep our standards and values at Man United, keep them high.” Outspoken pundit Gabriel Agbonlahor, however, thinks Casemiro should be arrested for the incident against Palace. Yep. He told TalkSport: “Casemiro thought he was Brock Lesnar back in the UFC. “The way he was strangling Will Hughes, he should be arrested for that. Kids are watching that later on, on Match of the Day. Seeing Casemiro strangling an opponent.” Agbonlahor has since faced mockery for his comments, with many quick to defend Casemiro for his actions.