Whilst the couple haven't been married for very long, cracks are already starting to show in their relationship as Denise Fox (played by Diane Parish) begins to set her eyes on another man. Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara) first appeared in Walford in 2022 but has caught the eye of Denise, with official EastEnders spoilers revealing the pair are set to make devastating decisions. In upcoming scenes, Denise joins a distracted Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) for a drink at The Vic. As Ravi enters, Denise feels awkward and kisses Jack to prove a point to Ravi, as well as herself. Jack leaves due to early work commitments and a drunk Denise makes a move on Ravi leaving him stunned at her actions. Not wanting to take advantage of her in her drunken state, Ravi turns her down so Denise lashes out forcing him to leave. READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star Later, Denise seeks advice from Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) as she secretly searches to validate her feelings for Ravi. Following an eventful night, a hungover Sharon, Denise and Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) wake up in The Vic to Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) delivering them breakfast. Denise rushes to meet Jack before he leaves for his work conference and kisses him outside No.27 in an eyeshot of Ravi. Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) is on the hunt for a Walford man to take part in her livestream event, and Ravi initially puts himself forward in order to get closer to Denise. At Fox and Hair, Denise is flustered in Ravi’s presence and after some harsh words, a guilty Ravi decides to withdraw from Kim’s event. Later, Ravi heads to No.27 to patch things up with Denise and he asks her to spend the following night with him at a hotel. After unsuccessfully avoiding Ravi, Denise and Ravi share a passionate kiss in the alleyway of The Vic and Denise agrees to meet him later at the hotel. Will Denise unknowingly go to the same hotel Jack is staying at for his conference? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity  [WATCH]BBC Breakfast sparks backlash over Will Ferrell interview [INSIGHT]Dan Walker sparks uproar with 'crass' question to Nicola's partner [LATEST] If Jack catches Denise with Ravi, will she come clean over how long she has been cheating on him, or will she make up an excuse? During Monday night's episode, Jack and Ravi came to blows when Jack organised a family dinner, but things turned sour when Jack learned that Nugget (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury) is behind the bullying of Ricky (Frankie Day) and Lily (Lillia Turner) at school. Before long, a blazing row broke out between Jack and Ravi, causing a scene in the restaurant. After calming Jack down and getting the family back at number 27, the argument continued, but this time between Jack and Denise. It wasn't long before a furious Denise stormed out, making her way back to Walford East to offer Ravi an apology. As tensions ran high, sparks began to fly between them and their romance is clear. Is Denise about to throw away her relationship and family with Jack for bad boy Ravi? EastEnders airs weekdays from 7:30pm on BBC One.