These cost increases come across the spectrum – from the sky-high costs of learning to drive for young people to the increasing cost of insurance for the older drivers, not to mention new emission charges for older cars. And these costs come just as drivers are facing rising economic pressure outside of the car, with prices of food going up, mortgage rates soaring, and a recession likely. Luckily for drivers, there are ways to fight back against those costs and find real savings, according to experts at Nextbase. The largest price rollercoaster for drivers in recent years has been fuel. Prices peaked at 191p in July 2022 as the world struggled to respond to the war in Europe. They have now come off that peak and sit at around 148p for unleaded and 168p for diesel – well above where it was before the war. While this is encouraging, continued instability could soon send petrol prices spiralling again. Back in November the Office of Budget Responsibility forecast a hike in fuel duty worth 12p a litre in the March Budget, the first hike since 2011. The Office is funded by the Treasury, but Chancellor Jeremy Hunt claimed that this was not yet Government policy, and no decisions had been made. READ MORE: Electric car experts warn drivers not to fall for EV charging myths That means this 12p hike – worth around £6.60 for a 55-litre tank of fuel – is not definite, but is far from off the table, as the Government are scrambling to find savings. While the 12p hike is not certain, the Government’s 5p reduction in fuel duty is unlikely to stick around forever. There are ways for drivers to save on fuel, according to the experts. Drivers looking to save on fuel costs should make sure they aren’t driving around extra weight for no reason, turn down the heating on warmer days, and make sure their engine is performing well. Car insurance rose by 14 percent over the last year, with the average premium hitting £586, the experts said. That rise came as people returned to the roads after the pandemic, lifting the overall rate of payouts and thus premiums. DON'T MISS Simple car insurance tip allows drivers to save as much as £65 a year [INSIGHT] Vast majority of UK drivers won't buy electric cars due to high costs [REVEAL] Petrol drivers could be wasting £188million with heating error [WARNING] As other costs rise across the board, that will mean the cost of every claim will get larger too – so premiums will go up with them. This is especially the case given how complex cars are these days, and the long wait times to get parts like semiconductors. Insurance hikes don’t impact everyone equally. Male drivers pay on average more than female ones. Older and younger drivers pay more than middle-aged ones. These costs are all based on huge amounts of data – and don’t take into account how good your actual driving is at all. Luckily there is a way to seriously reduce this cost. A dash cam for as little as £59 will show insurers that drivers are happy to have their driving inspected in the case of a crash. READ MORE: Škoda offering £1,000 free fuel voucher to UK drivers Nextbase's research suggests this lowers the costs of premiums by about 30 percent, meaning drivers make back the cost of the dash cam pretty fast. And in the event that motorists are in an incident through no fault of their own, a dash cam will prove this, meaning drivers get to maintain their “no-claims bonus”. These add up to thousands of pounds of savings over the years – certainly not a bad return for £59. Low or no-emission zones are popping up around the country in a bid to clean up the air. The largest one planned for 2023 is the expansion of the ulta-low emissions zone to cover all London boroughs, which is set to occur on August 29. All cars that don’t meet the requirements of the zone will have to pay £12.50 a day to drive anywhere in London, every day except Christmas Day. Just driving on working days for the rest of the year in a car liable for the charge will set drivers back £1,087. However, it is likely that most cars will be exempt. Sadiq Khan said four out of five cars are clean enough to not get a penalty. And if motorists are driving an older car they might be eligible for a scrappage scheme that will help them pay for a newer vehicle. London isn’t alone in strengthening or introducing new low emissions zones. Glasgow’s existing zone is set to be strengthened, meaning visiting drivers will face a £60 fine if their vehicles do not meet the standard. Sheffield is introducing a new zone from February 27 – but this will not immediately cover private drivers. On top of that, grace periods for drivers in several other cities like Edinburgh, Dundee, and Aberdeen are ending in 2024. Emission zones don’t require everyone to switch to an electric vehicle – but if motorists are driving an older car with high emissions they could face a series of charges all over the country.