Netflix is dropping a brand-new 12 part dating series just in time for Valentine's Day if Love Island isn't cutting it. Perfect Match hits the streaming platform globally tomorrow (February 14) with a fresh format to get your teeth into. The series is hosted by Nick Lachey, also known for hosting The Ultimatum and Love Is Blind. The show will see reality stars from The Mole, Love Is Blind and many other shows heading to a villa on the lookout for romance. But there's also a twist with the contestants forming couples and the most compatible pairs serving as matchmakers to others. They will also be breaking up other couples with new singletons sent into the villa to tempt the existing contestants. Will the matchmakers create better couples or just chaos? Prepare to go on an outrageous journey with plenty of gameplay and only one couple being crowned the Perfect Match. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast sparks backlash over 'unimportant' Will Ferrell interview Francesca Farago One big name reality TV fans will be familiar with is influencer Francesca Farago, who first found fame on season one of Too Hot to Handle after she seemed to find love with Harry Jowsey. However, it didn’t quite work out with Francesca later appearing on Love Is Blind: After the Altar season one. Joey Sasso After appearing in season one of The Circle on Netflix, Joey Sasso will be switching it up a gear on Perfect Match with a different type of gameplay. Nick Uhlenhuth Fans will recognise Nick Uhlenhuth from season three of The Circle and was known for really playing with his fellow contestants after setting up numerous profiles on the show but will he be just as tricky on Perfect Match? Ines Tazi Contestant Ines Tazi will be more familiar with French viewers after appearing in the country’s edition of The Circle and apparently seems to be on the lookout for love rather than just playing to win. Anne-Sophie Petit-Frere Real estate Anne-Sophie Petit-Frere may seem to have everything after becoming a star thanks to Selling Tampa, however, she will now be hoping to find Mr Right. Shayne Jansen Another big personality heading into the villa will be Love Is Blind’s season two breakout star Shayne Jansen, who was certainly no wallflower after getting involved in a love triangle but then getting caught out. Dom Gabriel After appearing on one of the most tricky and two-faced series on Netflix, The Mole, Dom Gabriel could be showing a new side to himself in the hopes of getting lucky in love. Zay Wilson Star of The Ultimatum: Marry or Move On, Zay Wilson found himself failing to make it work with his former flame Rae Williams or contestant Shanique Imari, eventually becoming single and now ready to mingle. Kariselle Snow Contestant Kariselle Snow previously appeared in sexy Beasts season one as well as MTV’s dating show Are You the One. She is apparently ready to walk down the aisle and wants to meet some possible candidates on Perfect Match. Savannah Palacio After starring in The Circle season two, Savannah Palacio got caught out over her strategy but will she take a different approach on Perfect Match? Chase DeMoor Alumni of Too Hot to Handle season two, Chase DeMoor didn’t manage to make it click with any of the ladies on the show under Lana’s watchful gaze but perhaps things could be different now. Calvin Crooks Calvin Crooks has appeared in season three of The Circle and after some potentially flirty moments with a fellow contestant, he is again single to meet someone new. Georgia Hassarati After appearing in season three of Too Hot to Handle, Georgia Hassarati is hoping he will find his other half in the villa. Izzy Fairthorne Season three of Too Hot to Handle contestant Izzy Fairthorne will be joining the show after not finding a connection in the original show. Damian Powers Viewers will remember Damian Powers from his rocky romance with Giannina Gibelli in season one of Love Is Blind and romance with Francesca Farago, he will now be trying again to find romance and being reunited with the Too Hot to Handle star in the villa. Bartise Bowden Another Love Is Blind alumni - this time from season three - Bartise Bowden, who split from his pod fiancée Nancy Rodriguez which landed him in hot water. Yet he’s having another crack at reality TV love on Perfect Match. Colony Reeves Fellow Selling Tampa realtor Colony Reeves is also hoping to find happiness after making a killing on the real estate scene. Chloe Veitch Joining Francesca Farago is fellow star from Too Hot to Handle season one is Chloe Veitch, who has also appeared on season two of The Circle. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes to be joined by ex Loose Women star on GB News [UPDATE]Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity [THEORY] Mitchell Eason Mitchell Eason featured on The Circle season two but after a recent break up, he’s ready to try again to meet someone. Will Richardson After appearing in The Mole and winning, Will Richardson is now ready to take on his next challenge on Perfect Match. Abbey Humphreys After appearing in Twentysomethings: Austin, Abbey Humphreys will take her chances on the Perfect Match to find love. Diamond Jack Another Love Is Blind season one contestant Diamond Jack might have got snubbed by Carlton Morton but could she have more luck. Lauren ‘LC’ Chamblin Viewers will remember Lauren ‘LC’ Chamblin just missed out on love on Love Is Blind season one and After the Altar season one, but she may fare better on this new series. Perfect Match airs on Netflix tomorrow