Meghan Markle and Prince Harry snapped up a nine-bedroom house in Montecito for $14.65 million in 2020 after stepping down from royal duties and becoming financially independent. The royal couple got $10million off the asking price of the property, according to Forbes journalist Carlie Porterfield. They went on to sign lucrative multimillion-pound deals with Netflix and Spotify to help pay their $9.5 million mortgage, public documents revealed. Ms Porterfield said: "They spent $14.7million on their home in Montecito but they actually got a pretty good deal on it. "The former owner purchased it for about $10million more and was trying to sell it to obviously make a profit. "He wasn't able to so he took about a $10million cut. "As far as that is concerned, they actually got a pretty good deal." READ MORE: Meghan warned against 'marrying into Royal Family'  It comes as Harry and Meghan have been told to "live somewhere more modest" amid speculation over the pair's finances. The Duke of Sussex, who previously told Oprah Winfrey he had been "cut off" by the Royal Family, said he signed deals to afford security. After splashing out on their pricey home, royal expert Richard Eden queried the couple's future source of income. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mail+, Mr Eden said: "Remember that Prince Harry said explicitly in his interview with Oprah Winfrey that they only signed the deals with Spotify and Netflix because he has been cut off by his family.  "He was saying we need the money. "Since then they've got some other deals for things like BetterUp but he made clear they needed to do that sort of deal. "It does make me wonder about what the future holds." DON'T MISS:Prince William 'feels Harry is all smoke and mirrors' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry told to 'move back to the UK' [VIDEO]Charles’ comments exposed after Harry’s claims about royal marriages [ANALYSIS] Royal commentator Andrew Pierce noted: "They don't have to live in a house with nine bathrooms. "They could live somewhere more modest." Harry had told Oprah: "We didn’t have a plan. [The Netflix deal] was suggested by somebody else by the point of where my family literally cut me off financially, and I had to afford security for us. "[They cut me off] In the first quarter of 2020. But I've got what my mum left me, and, without that, we would not have been able to do this."