Tottenham could be set to raid Benfica for a number of their best players if talent-spotter Rui Pedro Braz joins the north Londoners over the coming months. Pedro Braz, who was previously courted by Chelsea, has been linked with a move to Spurs amid the uncertainty over Fabio Paratici's immediate future at the club after he was handed a two-and-a-half-year ban from Italian football earlier this week. Paratici's ban, which was given as a result of his alleged involvement in financial irregularities at Juventus, could be extended worldwide if the Italian Football Federation decide to push for it to apply outside the boundaries of their own country. Juventus firmly deny that any wrongdoing ever took place and have started the process of appealing the court's decision, but any failure to overturn it could see Paratici banned from football matters across the globe in a worst-case scenario.There are no suggestions that Paratici has done anything wrong since joining Tottenham in 2021 but the scandal could end up hurting the club if he is prevented from working for them for the next two-and-a-half years. The possibility has led to Pedro Braz being linked with a move to the Premier League with Spurs after earning plenty of plaudits for masterminding Benfica's talent factory during his time in Portugal.With that in mind, Express Sport looks at four players Tottenham could target from Benfica if Pedro Braz joins their ranks in the not-too-distant future... JUST IN: Man City rivals 'left raging' by Pep Guardiola press conference rant Goncalo Ramos has been tearing it up for Benfica as of late and firmly established himself as a top-level striker during last year's World Cup when he scored a hat-trick for Portugal against Switzerland after replacing Cristiano Ronaldo at the top of the pitch. He would likely serve as a shrewd replacement for Harry Kane if the England skipper leaves Tottenham in the summer, although Spurs will need to fend off competition from elsewhere in order to secure his signature.The likes of Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal have been credited with an interest in Ramos in recent months, while Benfica would almost certainly be unwilling to sell unless they are offered a sizeable financial package. However, the pull of Pedro Braz could give Tottenham the edge if they decide to chase Ramos when the bidding opens at the end of the season. Tottenham are known to be on the lookout for at least one new centre-back, with Clement Lenglet's loan deal set to expire when the campaign draws to a close. They could be tempted to explore a move for Antonio Silva if Pedro Braz joins their ranks over the coming months, with the 19-year-old able to provide a long-term solution at the heart of their defence.Silva is already a fully-fledged Portugal international and looks set to enjoy a bright future at the highest levels of the game if he keeps developing on an upward trajectory over the next few seasons. He would also have the potential to be sold on for an eye-watering fee in the future, which could give Levy another reason to snap him up when the transfer market reopens in a few months. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here. Towering forward Petar Musa could be another exciting option for Tottenham to pursue if they manage to recruit Pedro Braz to lead their recruitment strategy for at least the next few seasons. The 24-year-old has chipped in with seven goals in all competitions over the course of the current campaign and still has plenty of room for improvement, while his physicality would stand him in good stead to succeed in the Premier League.However, it remains to be seen whether Benfica would be willing to sell Musa so soon after signing him from Boavista last summer for a modest fee of just £4.8million. The Portuguese giants are always partial to making a profit on their players, though, which suggests that a respectable bid could sway proceedings in Tottenham's favour later this year. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE A promising back-up option out wide could emerge in the form of David Neres, who has been rebuilding his career at Benfica this season after struggling to make the most of the early potential he showed in his younger days. The Brazilian trickster appeared to have the world at his feet during his time at Ajax but is yet to live up to the hype, although his strong form in Portugal as of late could see him earn a big move elsewhere at some point further down the line.Neres has scored eight goals and provided 11 assists at Benfica since the beginning of the season and is clearly a talented footballer, which could see him emerge as a potential target for Tottenham if Pedro Braz is snapped up by the north Londoners in due course. He would certainly be a useful addition to their squad in the wide positions, although it ultimately remains to be seen if he will be on their list of players to chase before next season gets underway. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.