After weeks of tests, EastEnders residents Zack Hudson (played by James Farrar) and Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) were given the devastating news their unborn baby had Edward’s Syndrome. This genetic condition begins to affect babies when they're in the womb, and continues to impact their health throughout their life. After doctors advised their child wouldn’t survive, they made the difficult decision to terminate the pregnancy rather than watch their daughter suffer. However, their agony is far from over as in shocking scenes to be aired next week they are told their daughter’s existence isn’t legally recognised. Under UK law there is no way to register a foetus under six months, meaning many stillbirths and medically required terminations go unregistered. Having not been informed of this before the procedure, it comes as a blow to the pair who had bonded with their baby despite the crushing diagnosis. In heartbreaking scenes, they argue about leaving the child, who they name Peach, at the hospital. READ MORE:EastEnders's Tracy-Ann Oberman on life and her latest London project For Zack, who is already struggling with his HIV diagnosis, this additional blow proves very difficult. Taking solace in the hospital faith room he finds himself agitated by the nonchalant attitude of an expectant father having had his dreams of fatherhood crushed. Meanwhile, having initially been against it, Whitney starts to soften to the idea of spending time with Peach. This allows the former couple to have a tender moment with their daughter before they say goodbye. Back on the Square, Sonia (Natalie Cassidy) thinks she knows a way to help Whitney through her grief. Enlisting the help of the other residents she creates a condolence box for her to remember her daughter by. But despite the kind gestures, Whitney continues to push people away as she struggles to come to terms with her baby’s death. Having previously suffered a miscarriage in 2016, while married to Lee Carter (Danny Hatchard), this latest loss is very triggering for her. DON'T MISS:Call the Midwife's Lucille star quits after six years [SPOILER]Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'humiliating' family  [INSIGHT]Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series [SPOILER] Chelsea tries to get through to her at home but Whitney isn’t interested and dismisses her. Despite this both Chelsea and Sonia remain determined to be there for her. Meanwhile Zack is also grieving and is feeling rejected by Whitney although he really wants to talk to her. He turns to his sister Sharon (Letitia Dean) for advice and she encourages him to try to speak to Whitney. Later on, he watches on as Whitney struggles with her emotions. He invites her to Peggy’s and she accepts as unbeknownst to him she also wants to talk to him. However, when he offers her some money she is not impressed, and he is left wounded. As the pair try to navigate their grief will it tear them apart forever? EastEnders on BBC One has a scheduling shake-up this week due to the FA Cup. There will be a double episode on Monday at 7.30pm, Thursday night’s episode will broadcast at 7.30pm as usual and there will be an episode at 7.30pm on Friday.