Poland’s military is expected to be double the size of Britain’s, as experts claim that Europe’s main defence against Putin’s aggression is fast becoming Nordic and former eastern bloc countries. “It does feel as if the centre of gravity has shifted eastwards in Europe,” former commanding general of the US army, Lieutenant General Ben Hodges, told the Times.  At present, Poland has just over 114,000 combat troops, compared to Britain’s arsenal which numbers more than 150,000. However, the Polish government is hiking their defence spending from 2.4 per cent of GDP to four per cent. The NATO minimum is two percent. As a result of this spending, Poland expects to increase their number of combat forces to 300,000, with 250,000 of those professional and 50,000 reservists, which is double the number of Britain’s combat troops as it stands. On top of Poland’s plan to boost their combat troops, the former Soviet country has almost three times the number of battle tanks as the UK, as well as greater artillery resources. This comes as NATO allies expressed concern that Britain has impaired its fighting capability, by providing Ukraine with military hardware from its own stock and stretching its own forces by committing to training President Zelensky’s fighters.  The International Institute for Strategic Studies has said that France is set to overtake the UK as NATO’s military power in Europe. Emmanuel Macron has access to more combat aircraft, frigates and troops than Britain despite a lower defence spend. On top of this, the UK may have to postpone its leadership of NATO’s Very High Readiness Joint Task Force (VJTF), which it’s due to take command of next year. Britain will need to spare 5,000 personnel to man NATO’s rapid-response force, which is described as the “tip of the spear” when it comes to reacting to Russian aggression. “There are serious problems with ammunition shortages and other kit which is partly due to underspending - but also because of the amount of ammo and other ordnance we are supplying to Ukraine. Our forces are also stretched because of the extent to which they are training Ukrainian forces”, a MailOnline source in the MoD said. READ MORE: Missing Nicola Bulley had 'significant issues with alcohol in the past' police reveal Table.Media, a respected German outlet that publishes high-level defence briefings, reported that NATO was worried the UK would have the resources to pick up the slack and lead the VJTF as planned on January 1 2024. Unofficially, the outlet claimed, the German military had been contacted by NATO about retaining control of the rapid-response force. Defence select committee chair Tobias Ellwood recently claimed the British Army would run short of ammunition “in days” if confronted with Putin’s army. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Ellwood warned that countries hostile to the UK could “take advantage” of cuts to defence spending and that British soldiers would run out of firepower in less than a week if faced with conflict. DON'T MISS: Putin suffers 'very serious losses' with 2000 Russian tanks destroyedNigel Farage names Nicola Sturgeon as 'the most unpleasant person' he has ever metBritish gas owner Centrica reports record £2.8bn profits - up from £392m last year "We need to recognise that defence spending needs to increase because of heightened threat levels across Europe. And 2023 is going to get worse", the MP for Bournemouth East said. "The opportunity to upgrade our defence architecture should not be missed because our adversaries will take advantage of this. "Particularly the British Army. A couple of decades ago we had 900 tanks, now we are cutting that back to 146." This comes as Ben Wallace demanded £10billion more funding from the Chancellor in the next budget.