But such is the cold logic of capitalism - which I say not as a criticism but merely an observation - we are where we are. Which brings me to Tories' new Deputy Chair Lee Anderson MP, or "30p Lee" if you prefer - a clumsy sobriquet intended as a dismissive slight but now fully co-opted as a badge of honour by the ex-Nottinghamshire miner. For a Tory Party trying desperately to steady the buffs our Lee might be seen as an odd choice for Rishi Sunak's new best mate. He is to buff-steadying what Vladimir Putin is to international peace-keeping. Mr Anderson is a controversy magnet and what might charitably be termed a common-sense Conservative. Which is to say he wants criminals swinging from gibbets, anti-social elements enduring enforced cabbage-picking, and poor people (and especially nurses it seems) being taught how to cook peasant food and budget properly. Again, I say this not as a criticism but merely an observation. He has done remarkably well as a politician at both local and national level too, to the point no-one really minded much when he switched parties from Labour to Tory. Apparently he didn't like Labour lunatic wing Momentum, but let's be honest no-one does, so he can't really be traduced for that either. Anyway, back to that peasant food. Now, peasant food has long been a fashion item in our edgier upscale restaurants (oh our ironically knowing grins as we tuck into our 30 quid corn-beef hash in Islington eateries while splashing down lashings of that toothsome Cabernet!) But that's not the peasant food he's talking about. What Lee wants is poor people (and nurses) to budget better and cook cheap wholesome nourishing meals, actual peasant food. Nothing intrinsically wrong with that of course. What Labour now calls "working people" (to emphasise that the party has well and truly cut itself adrift from the actual working class) have been cooking cheap meals forever. Just ask my mum. Though, as is true of many of his party, Lee brings his thoughts to the public's attention with all the classy subtlety and understated charm of a Sam Smith video. To wit, he reckons it's easy-peasy to make a nutritious meal for 30p. Speaking in parliament he said “generation after generation” of people “cannot budget” or make meals properly and, yes, that meals could be cooked from scratch "for about 30 pence a day". Cue howls of derision from the left decrying both his basic humanity and his culinary skills. Two things strike me. First there doesn't appear to be any actual statistical evidence supporting the bad cooking / budgeting claim - just Lee's hunch. Which is not great politics. But secondly... I wondered if it actually was easy-peasy to make a meal for 30p. So I set about making dinner for four, for £1.20.  I chose to make a budget version of an already budget BBC sausage ragu. It looked cheap as chips - which was unfortunate as it needed to be much, MUCH cheaper than chips. Next, consumer champions Which confirmed Aldi was my go-to supermarket for the cheapest ingredients. So off we popped to buy: And yes I had to cheat using chilli flakes and dried herbs I already had, and cut the milk, lemon and sugar from the recipe... but let's assume people are grown-up and do have a few basic culinary items in the kitchen. So what was it like? "Nests of al dente wheated pasta, topped with a delicious traditional ragu, infused with an Italian herb mix of oregano, basil, thyme, rosemary and marjoram in a rich tomato jus with just enough chilli bite to delight". Is what I would write on a menu. In truth? In truth it was... it was not terrible. It was crying out for some fresh rosemary to be honest, and to serve it without shavings of a decent grana padano seemed criminal... but frankly this was not the time to come over all Waitrose. The real problem though was that while my dinner did a passable impression of a ragu (though Italians would never serve a ragu with spaghetti darling) nutritionally it sucked. I tested it on nutrition experts. Jenna Hope who runs jennahopenutrition.com and has (RNutr) BSc (Hons), MSc's no less, said: "Eating a nutritious, balanced diet for 30p a meal is possible, however it requires a significant amount of cooking skills, often cooking in bulk, accessibility to food, access to utensils, knowledge around nutrition and a lot of forward planning. As a result, it can be a challenge." It is notable that when Lee Anderson cooked his magic 30p meal at a food bank his team were cooking for 176 diners - with all the massive bulk buying economies of scale that entails. She added: "Diversity is key when it comes to ensuring you’re getting all your nutrients in and therefore eating variations of the same meal each day can be limiting and may pose risk of nutritional deficiencies." My go-to medic for these sort of things Dr Jay Verma, who runs healthcare specialists Data Care Solutions, was in agreement. He said: "Five grams of protein per portion means that unless other meals that day were high in protein and contained vegetables including leafy greens, someone would not be getting their optimum nutritional intake." And that's the point. A 30p meal clearly is achievable and, while the cost-of-living crisis takes lumps out of our wages, we could all do it as a nation - but only if we wanted scurvy, rickets and malnutrtion to come back. And while many Conservatives are calling for a return to traditional British values right now that might be taking nostalgia a teensy step too far.