Stars have gathered in London today to commemorate the life of Dame Vivienne Westwood. The designer and "godmother of punk" died at the age of 81 in December 2022.  Supermodels including Lily Cole and actresses Jaime Winstone and Christina Hendricks arrived at the Southwark Cathedral in the capital city to remember Westwood. The British designer was previously laid to rest in a private funeral service just for family members. Due to her A-List pals not being able to attend the funeral service, a subsequent memorial was planned in London. Kate Moss was spotted in a chic floral button-up dress, while Mad Men actress Christina paid tribute to Dame Vivienne in a tartan coat, a pattern which the designer famously loved. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce Jaime also opted for a punk-inspired ensemble in honour of Dame Vivienne. The actress wore a black dress and statement platform heels. Dame Vivienne had a huge influence on the punk fashion era, and was behind The Sex Pistols' famous looks. Chat show host Jonathan Ross also dressed in a punk style, wearing laced up boots and ripped black jeans.  Victoria Beckham looked glamorous as ever in a black lace dress while shielding her eyes from camera flashes with oversized sunglasses. Helena Bonham Carter was another star who decided to wear tartan to the memorial service, in a bold red dress. Dame Vivienne's last request was for the church at her funeral to be decorated in her favourite Harris Tweed fabric. Mark Greig and his wife Julie, of Harris Tweed Scotland, opened up about hand delivering the fabric for the designer's private funeral service. DON'T MISS:Strictly's Nadiya Bychkova goes braless in show-stopping silk gownAshley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits Dick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer The couple told The Herald they had been informed by email of Vivienne's final request from Jeff Banks' PA. Mark said: "Vivienne Westwood’s last request was that she had a small, family funeral. "It wasn’t to be lavish, it wasn’t to be put all over the press, it was for family only in a small, run-down church. "She wanted the church to be spruced up in her favourite Harris Tweed." Many celebrity guests at Westwood's memorial service honoured her in their own way. Fellow British fashion icon Kate Moss wore a Vivienne Westwood necklace, complete with the designer brand's famous logo. Harry Potter actress Helena Bonham Carter also draped her neck in oversized pearls, complete with a giant Vivienne Westwood pendant. Some stars opted to pay their respects by wearing the traditional mourning colour of black, while others, including singer Paloma Faith, honoured Vivienne by dressing in colourful ensembles with an eccentric edge.