Hazel Walker, e-commerce development manager at premium collagen supplement brand, So Body Co, has exclusively shared her top tips that women can follow to “help beat the signs of ageing”. These tips aim to make middle-aged women feel young, giving them in turn, a youthful glow. One of the simplest steps to add to one’s routine is to drink more water. Drinking at least one litre of water a day has so many different health benefits to help keep you looking and feeling your best, according to Hazel. She said: “Drinking water and keeping yourself hydrated can help to stabilise blood pressure, boosts physical and mental health, and keeps skin looking healthy and radiant. “Not only that but staying hydrated can also help maintain a healthy digestive system, which as you age, can bring new problems so it’s important to make sure you’re drinking enough throughout the day. “Try to avoid drinking liquids with caffeine too often, such as tea and coffee, as these are known to dehydrate and can cause issues to your digestive health. “Instead, grab yourself a reusable water bottle which you can carry in your bag and keep topped up throughout the day to ensure you’re drinking enough water.” “You are what you eat” is a popular saying for a reason - one’s diet can greatly impact your physical health, as well as your appearance. Hazel advised: “Try to avoid foods with saturated fats, added sugar, and sodium, and make sure you’re incorporating enough fruit and vegetables into your diet. “Additionally, making sure you’re getting enough protein is important as this helps to maintain muscle strength, and also eat foods enriched with healthy fats as this will reduce blood pressure and keep your heart healthy.” Exercise is just as important as diet and can help one achieve a healthy glow. Furthermore, Hazel recommended including a collagen supplement into your routine. She said: “Collagen is an essential protein in the body which provides muscle, bone and ligament strength, contributes to healthier joints, is the building block for connective tissues, and keeps skin looking youthful and vibrant. READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie are like 'town-based socialites' claims expert “However, as we age, the amount of collagen our body naturally produces decreases over time. “Collagen powder is the best-kept secret for combating the effects of the ageing process and can help to ensure you are reaping the benefits as you get older. “Collagen has so many different health benefits, including maintaining healthy hair, skin, nails, organs and muscles. “But the benefits don’t stop there as it helps to combat the overall ageing process - both internal and external.” Another step to follow for healthier, younger-looking skin is to use SPF, according to Hazel. “Protecting your skin from UV rays is crucial in reducing the signs of ageing,” she said. “Wearing sun cream or SPF-containing skin products is one of the best and easiest ways to protect the appearance of your skin and keep it looking healthy. “Not only does it help to prevent sunburn, skin cancer, and reduce the signs of premature ageing, but it also helps to reduce wrinkles, prevent skin discolouration, and dark spots. Make sure your daily facial moisturiser has at least SPF 30 in it to keep your skin protected throughout the day. “It’s important not to only wear SPF products when it’s sunny outside and instead be using it daily,” Hazel added. “This will help to you maintain much smoother and more even skin tone.”