Hair loss in men is very common. In fact, 6.5 million men across the UK are currently experiencing symptoms, such as male pattern baldness, which can be attributed to an appreciable number of cases. However, depending on the cause, there are ways to help reverse or slow its progression - but experts suggest those who want to should act “sooner” rather than later. Recent survey findings by hair growth supplement brand Vivsical found that up to 50 percent of respondents were either experiencing or had previously experienced hair thinning and loss. Over half of those (29 percent) admitted to having grown facial hair to “draw attention away” from the thinning hair on top of their head and “enhance” their overall look, while one-third of respondents confessed they would consider opting for a hair transplant or had already proceeded with one. But with more people, including figures in the public eye, opening up about their own experiences with hair loss, including transplants and treatments, the topic is holding less of a so-called ‘stigma’ - and rightly so. More open and honest discussion about the topic is having an increasingly positive impact. Dan Phillips, 25, told Express.co.uk: “I’ve been experiencing thinning hair and usually I’d be embarrassed to speak about it, but nowadays there are more open conversations about it - even amongst my friends.  READ MORE: Prince William is 'confident enough' not to have hair transplant   “I don’t feel as isolated and it’s even helped teach me ways to improve the health of my hair as much as I can - something I wouldn't have really thought about before.” Aside from hair transplants, there are a number of non-invasive alternatives people can try if they do feel conscious about thinning hair, but it’s first important to identify the signs. Hannah Gaboardi, trichologist and Vivsical ambassador told Express.co.uk: “In male hair thinning, the earliest warning signs include hair thinning around the temple, front of the scalp and at the back of the head, known as the crown or vertex. Other signs are experiencing a receding hairline, widening parting, thinning across the top or across the whole head.” She said that while male hair thinning can be experienced gradually, it can differ between each individual. Ms Gaboardi explained: “Some men can experience a slow process of hair thinning and baldness from their early 20s, however, this can be dependent on factors including genetics, stress, lifestyle and diet.”  DON'T MISS: Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips [EXPLAINED]Men confronted with crippling symptoms amid 'male menopause' epidemic [INSIGHT]Seven 'surprising' signs of a hormonal imbalance [ANALYSIS]    But, she noted: “One of the main things to do when noticing the signs of baldness is taking action as soon as possible. The earlier you begin to prevent it, the more hair you will be able to care for and maintain.” Although hair thinning can be hereditary, such as male pattern baldness, other factors that can accelerate the process can include medications, protein intake, illness, or stress. Hair loss experts at FUE Clinics also note dihydrotestosterone (DHT), which is a by-product of testosterone, as another common contributor to thinning hair. The experts explained: “DHT is an androgen - a sex hormone that contributes to the development of what is thought to be ‘male’ characteristics, such as body hair. When flowing freely through your bloodstream, DHT can link to the hair follicle receptors on your scalp. This can cause them to shrink, making them less able to support a healthy head of hair.”  READ MORE: Balding men are worried hair loss is slimming their chances in love  Ms Gaboardi added: “Another cause of hair thinning and loss is friction by the constant use of hats, caps, and so on.” She said that not having the correct haircare routine or using the wrong products for your specific hair type can also be a key contributor. She explained: “Without using the right products for the hair type and using general formulas instead tends to dry the scalp.” A dry scalp can cause itchiness, which, according to Healthline, can spur inflammation and damage the hair follicles and prevent growth. While some cases of hair loss in men cannot be prevented, they can often be treated and progression - in some cases - can be slowed down. Ms Gaboardi said: "Hair loss at the crown can be treated to stop the thinning from becoming worse, and there are also ways in which you can stimulate hair growth but also strengthen the existing hair follicles." Stress and diet could be the first point to address during hair recovery, Ms Gaboardi suggested. She said: “Make sure your stress levels are as low as possible and eat fatty fish, spinach, sweet potato, salmon, oysters, and carrots, which are hair-friendly foods.” Omega fatty acids, which are filled with nutrients and proteins, can help improve hair from the inside, while the vitamin A, vitamin E and beta carotene in carrots are renowned for keeping hair soft and shiny and strengthening roots.  Supplements can also be an important factor to enhance hair regrowth. Ms Gaboardi said: “Most of the time when [my] clients are experiencing hair loss, their body is lacking in certain nutrients such as zinc, biotin, iron and collagen, which are all very important for hair growth.” Some supplements and multivitamins, such as Viviscal Pro, can include additional and more targeted ingredients for follicle repair. Ms Gaboardi said that “Viviscal has a key active ingredient AminoMar C, which is exclusive to the brand”, describing it as “a rich marine protein complex” that can help with the “growth” and “repair” of hair cells. However, she noted: “I would always recommend that you seek out professional advice and see a doctor or trichologist if you are experiencing hair loss.” 