Meghan Markle and Prince Harry may use their return to the UK to host a party at Frogmore Cottage during King Charles's coronation in May. The event coincides with their son, Archie Harrison's birthday on May 6. Royal columnist Lee Cohen told Express.co.uk the couple may try to "upstage" the occasion with a new photo of their son. He said: "It's terribly petty, but the Sussexes, who no longer have their royal platform, seem to relish any opportunity to attempt to upstage a royal occasion. "It's not as if the Royal Family seek occasions to upstage the antics of the Sussexes, quite the opposite." The couple celebrated Lilibet Diana's birthday during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee last summer and went on to release a portrait of her. Royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri has since revealed the couple must not "pull any stunts". READ MORE: Prince Andrew told US 'not dumping ground for royals' as he eyes move She said: "They're also being encouraged to not pull any stunts during the coronation and really stick to the plan. "I think their appearance at the Coronation will be very similar to that of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee last year. "We might see them at one or two events but largely they will be kept in the shadows because they don't want to take away from the historical event. "It's also Archie's birthday too so they might host a little party at Frogmore Cottage like they did with Lilibet."  It comes as a royal expert has claimed King Charles would "insist" that Harry and Meghan are "respectful" of the Royal Family if they want the titles for their children. While William's title in the line of succession as the Prince of Wales has been swiftly added with his children now listed as "of Wales", Archie and Lili's has not changed. They are technically now a prince and a princess because their grandfather has become King, but it has not been confirmed by Meghan Markle and Prince Harry or Buckingham Palace whether they will use the titles. Royal expert Katie Nicholl has claimed Archie and Lili will not get the titles if Charles follows the European-style monarchy. DON'T MISS Meghan and Kate pitted against each other in latest South Park [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan left 'tiny' Britain to be 'smashed to pieces' in US [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out' of Coronation after funeral snub [VIDEO] Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Ms Nicholl said: "We all know Charles has long wanted a streamlined monarchy and it's very interesting that Queen Margrethe has just stripped family members other than those in direct line of accession of those HRH titles. "The constitutional experts I have spoken to saw this pattern of the British monarchy moving more into a sort of European style royalty. "If that is the case then possibly they're not going to get these titles. One thing we know is that titles matter to Charles; it was important to him that Queen Consort Camilla had that title. "We don't know what's going to happen about the Duke of Edinburgh title and we don't know if he's going to give it to Archie and Lilibet. "It would be the most extraordinary olive branch and act of reconciliation if he did but I think if that happens it's going to come with a caveat. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews