The father-of-two, 67, has five decades’ experience owning dogs and runs website savethestaffy.co.uk to promote the popular UK breed. But after recent fatal incidents involving both dangerous family pets and dog walkers trying to care for too many animals at once, Mr Freeman has called for tougher legislation. He wants dog owners to be licensed and dog walkers to have official supervised training before doing the job, with legal restrictions on the number of animals they can care for in public. Mr Freeman said: “Some people are not up to the task of owning dogs – that’s why we need tough laws to ensure no one else is hurt or killed.” In recent years the number of injuries from dog bites has been increasing. Between 1998 and 2018, hospital admissions for dog-related injuries doubled in England, with about 8,000 people admitted each year. On January 12 dog walker Natasha Johnston, 28, from Croydon, died when attacked by the group of eight dogs she was walking in Caterham, Surrey. Mr Freeman said laws need to be in place to protect the dog walkers themselves from having to manage too many animals – most, if not all, of which will not be their own pets. Known as Mr Loophole for his successful defence of celebrity clients such as David Beckham, Jeremy Clarkson and Frank Lampard, he says legislation is also urgently needed to cap the number of animals that can be walked at any one time – with stipulation of the combination of size and breeds that can be exercised together. He said: “It is scandalous and dangerous that there are no strict laws relating to dog walking. There should be some kind of mandatory proficiency test, completed after a dedicated course in dog walking and animal welfare. This would include teaching people how to handle more than one dog and how to deal with those that become aggressive. “We also need to limit to three the number of dogs that can be walked together. It only takes one to misbehave and all hell can break loose. “More than one dog is a pack. You cannot legislate for how any dog will behave even if it has been trained.” He is also calling for a ban on retractable leads. “If these leads don’t retract properly, they get round bikes, people, cars and, of course, other dogs and cause mayhem,” he said.