David Carrick reportedly locked one of his victims in a cupboard under the stairs of his home as a punishment, a court has heard. The court was told the 48-year-old Metropolitan police officer used “power and control” to carry out “violent and brutal” crimes. The statements of the victims were read to the court on Monday.  He even installed surveillance cameras at his home to constantly monitor the victims locked inside his house. One woman described today how she was hit with a whip before being shut in the cupboard as punishment while Carrick “whistled at her as if she was a dog”. The graphic details were released as the court continues its two-day hearing for Carrick who is due to be sentenced on Tuesday. He has pleaded guilty to 85 offences, including dozens of rapes, against 12 victims between 2003 and 2020 while he was a serving police officer.   On Monday, several victims shared their horror stories as they demanded strict punishment for the serial rapist. Sharing her ordeal, one of the victims told the court that how she thought that he was “the safest person” to be with before grabbing her by the throat and holding a gun to her head before raping her. Prosecutor Tom Little KC described his offending as “systematic” and said: “The reality was that it did not matter who the victim was. “She could be a new girlfriend, as a number were, a long-term partner, as a number were, a police officer that he worked with or that he did not work with... a friend, or just a stranger. READ MORE: BBC sorry for poor effort to protect JK Rowling from ‘baseless’ smears  “The reality was he would rape them, sexually abuse and assault them and humiliate them.” Mr Little went ahead to explain how the first episodes of the crime were committed over a period of some hours one night in July 2003. Carrick met the woman in a bar in London. Me Little said: “He told her that he was having a housewarming party afterwards and invited her. He lived close to the bar. “He told the woman ‘he was the safest person that she could be with and that he was a police officer’ after they went back to his one bedroom flat. “The woman told Carrick she was not interested after he tried to kiss her. She then tried to open the door to leave but she could not open it. “The defendant told [her] she could not go. He grabbed her by the hair and put his hand round her mouth and dragged her backwards. “He threw her on the bed. He held her down. He grabbed her arms. He had taken his shirt off. “She bit his arm and he put his hand behind the bed. He searched for something and then put a black handgun to her head and said to her ‘you are not going’. She froze." DON'T MISS:2,500 dead in devastating Turkey-Syria earthquake [INSIGHT]Meghan shared heartwarming farewell message to readers on her blog [SPOTLIGHT]Epsom College head found dead at school alongside husband and daughter [REVEAL]  Asked why he had a gun, Carrick said he ‘liked guns and that he could not have her screaming the place down’. While choking the woman he told her he was going to be the last thing she saw. Another victim said in a statement she felt she had “encountered evil” when she was attacked by Carrick. Mr Little shared that Carrick even used cameras he installed at home to spy on the woman while he was at work. Speaking about one of the victims, Mr Little said: “He (Carrick) controlled what she (victim) was allowed to eat and how much she ate. “Her daughter described her mother as going from a size 14 to a size 6 in a couple of months. “He also controlled when she slept. He told her that he wanted her to sleep during the day, so she was available for sexual intercourse with him at night. “By the end of the relationship, she was suicidal. “By the time she left the defendant she was physically and mentally exhausted, but still felt that she loved him.” Carrick was sacked by the Met Police in January for gross misconduct after initially being suspended from the force following his arrest in October 2021. The Met has apologised for failing to identify and remove him, saying his victims suffered “the most appalling offences”. 