A challenge to Boris Johnson's Northern Ireland Protocol from the Supreme Court has been unanimously dismissed. The post-Brexit trading agreement became the subject of a fierce war of words between Britain and the EU in the years following the UK's exit from the bloc. The protocol was a part of the Brexit deal that created a trade border between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. It has been challenged by unionist politicians, who claimed the agreement breached the Acts of Union and the Northern Ireland Act. The Northern Ireland Protocol kept effectively Northern Ireland within the EU single market for goods in order to avoid creating a border between the two countries. However, it sparked controversy due to differing laws on goods for the UK and the EU - meaning that a border was effectively created in the Irish Sea between Northern Ireland and the rest of Britain. This was something that Mr Johnson, ahead of his election, had promised voters would only happen "over my dead body". Clive Thorne, Partner at McCarthy Denning, told Express.co.uk after the Supreme Court's ruling that "evidence of economic loss caused by the Protocol was widespread amongst companies trading between Northern Ireland and Great Britain particularly in the agricultural, retail, medical equipment, veterinary and pharmaceutical sectors", adding that he feared further legal action may be taken by the companies involved. The perception that the protocol, which effectively left Northern Ireland in the bloc's trading orbit, undermines the region's place in the United Kingdom has sparked anger in pro-British communities. A legal challenge was brought against the agreement by a group of unionist leaders including the former first ministers the late David Trimble and Arlene Foster. They had argued that the protocol was unlawfully created because, they said, it breached the 1800 Act of Union, which guaranteed all four nations of the UK would be treated equally. READ MORE: John Major lashes out at Brexit demanding Sunak stick with ECHR [REVEAL] DUP leader Sir Jeffery Donaldson expressed frustration with the Supreme Court's decision and argued it highlighted why unionists are opposed to the agreement - claiming the protocol was an "existential threat" to the future of Northern Ireland in the UK. Sir Jeffrey, who attended the judgment hearing in London, said: "A solution to the protocol was never going to be found in the courts, but the cases have served to highlight some of the reasons why unionists have uniformly rejected the protocol. "The Government must consider this judgment, their own arguments to the court and take the steps necessary to replace the protocol with arrangements that unionists can support. The protocol represents an existential threat to the future of Northern Ireland's place within the Union. The longer the protocol remains, the more it will harm the Union itself. "The checks on the Irish Sea border are the symptom of the underlying problem, namely, that Northern Ireland is subject to a different set of laws imposed upon us by a foreign entity without any say or vote by any elected representative of the people of Northern Ireland." DON'T MISS: Brexiteer leaps to Truss’s defence, blasting Sunak’s ‘Tory socialists' [REVEAL]Five top UK universities see collapse in European funding after Brexit [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson slams lack of EU subsidy after Brexit in ‘c*** job’ [ANALYSIS] He added that "not one" unionist MLA or MP supports the protocol. Expressing frustration with the legislative power of the UK government over Northern Ireland, he said: "The idea that one section of our people will dominate the other and ignore the concerns of unionists is the opposite of powersharing and will never produce durable or balanced outcomes. There will be no solid basis for an executive and assembly until the protocol is replaced with arrangements that restore NI's place in the UK internal market and our constitutional arrangements are respected." Sir Jeffrey, alongside Baroness Kate Hoey and former first minister Dame Arlene Foster were pictured outside the UK Supreme Court in London for the hearing today. SDLP Stormont leader Matthew O'Toole said the Supreme Court judgment provided "important clarity" on the lawful status of the Northern Ireland Protocol. He said: "I understand that the applicants will be disappointed in this ruling but would urge caution and restraint to those who have used this case with a view to undermining devolution in its entirety." In March 2022, the Court of Appeal found the Withdrawal Agreement Act, which includes the protocol, did conflict with the 1800 Acts of Union in respect of free trade between Britain and Northern Ireland - but added the agreement had lawfully modified the Acts of Union.