Meghan Markle may now feel she has "enough confidence and is known enough to make her own way" as Harry destroys his own standing, royal commentator Angela Levin has claimed. Rumour has it she is now going to do "a lot of things" without Harry, Levin said. She cited the swirling speculation about the possibility of Meghan releasing her own tell-all memoir as an example. Harry has divided opinion following the release of his tell-all memoir, Spare. Critics have accused the Duke of cashing in on his family as he shares intimate details about growing up as a royal, such as a physical altercation with brother. According to Levin, a "good wife" would have gone through the book prior to publication and said, "don't say that. You will absolutely fall in the mud on that one. That's tricky". READ MORE: Meghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok with people calling her Duchess’ ‘twin’ Harry would have benefited from a pair of "fresh eyes" and he would have listened to his wife, the royal commentator told GB News. Levin is not alone in her analysis. Washington-based commentator Nile Gardiner believes Harry's recent exploits may have sown division between the couple. DON'T MISSFirst images of recovered Chinese spy balloon [LATEST]US to exploit Chinese spy balloon downing [REPORT]Daughter charged after mum found in freezer [INSIGHT] Appearing on GB News, the former aide to Margaret Thatcher said Harry and Meghan "underestimated" the level of backlash to the book claiming that it is "the reason Meghan has been so quiet". The royal enthusiast continued: "After all, she has treated Harry like a useful idiot for many years and now Harry is undermining the Meghan brand and obviously she is not happy about that." Mr Gardiner claimed the book, which contains a number of bombshell allegations about the Royal Family, has been a "spectacular disaster" for the image and standing of Harry and Meghan. Meghan has been notably absent since the release of her husband's tell-all memoir on January 10. READ MORE: Meghan 'lacking huge fan club' in the US as public 'tired' of 'oversaturation' Writer Sarah Vine dubbed her noticeable absence as "uncharacteristic" as Harry's memoir flew off the shelves. In her column piece for the Mail on Sunday, Ms Vine asks "where was Meghan?" Ms Vine wrote: "I don't mean in terms of the book - after all, her fingerprints are all over that. I mean physically, where is she?" She added: "We haven't seen hide nor hair of her for days. Which, really, is most uncharacteristic". Speaking of the Duchess, she added: "Normally she never leaves [Prince] Harry's side. "Normally she's practically surgically grafted on to him, hanging off him like an extra appendage." What is clear is that the Sussexes have plenty more projects lined up. Harry and Meghan have reportedly signed a four-book deal with publishing giant Penguin Random House for an advanced fee of $20million. Prince Harry's memoir, Spare sold a record 1.4 million copies on its day of release.