Sunderland fans had the last laugh after American actor Will Ferrell warned that they would experience "tears of sorrow" during their clash with Queens Park Rangers. The Anchorman and Elf star sent the tongue in cheek warning ahead of the match between the two Championship sides on Tuesday night. Ferrell, who part owns MLS club Los Angeles FC, sent a message from the official QPR Twitter page. It read: "A pre-match message from Will Ferrell. What could possibly go wrong?" He begins by joking about Neil Critchley’s troops being a popular team in Los Angeles, and then wishes them well. Ferrell then mentions Sunderland, saying: "Sunderland... Oh, the tears of sorrow you’re going to experience tonight dripping down your face into your mouth, drowning you in sorrow. I can only imagine." However, Tony Mowbray’s men had the last laugh on the night, claiming a comfortable 3-0 victory. Luke O’Nien opened the scoring for the Black Cats, and a Jack Clarke doubled helped them to all three points, with the club then responding to the post. The Black Cats simply replied to the tweet with a picture of Ferrell looking dejected with his head in his hands. Ferrell has attended several games throughout the UK over the past week. The American was at Wrexham and had a pre-match pint with fans before taking in their game against Wealdstone. He was also previously at the Etihad Stadium watching Manchester City’s 3-1 win over Aston Villa. The actor also saw Liverpool secure a 2-0 victory over Everton in the Merseyside derby at Anfield on Monday. After watching City triumph against Villa, Ferrell appeared on Sky Sports Football and joked: "I’m on a recruiting trip for LAFC, I’m just seeing if they measure up to MLS. "I watch a fair amount of football, I don’t really have a side over here, I just enjoy following the storylines. It’s obviously a very good league, I’m going to go out on a limb and say there are some very good teams and players here." Aside from becoming co-owner of MLS side LAFC in 2016, though, California-born Ferrell has long been linked with the sport thanks to his associations with Chelsea. Ferrell has been seen at Stamford Bridge and has also worn a Blues shirt previously. But there was one moment that got fans really believing he had an affiliation with the west London club - and it’s all thanks to ex-Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho. Just prior to the former Blues manager’s second departure from the club in 2015, Ferrell poked fun at Mourinho’s tactics at the GQ Men of the Year awards. After impersonating his accent and repeating 'Jose Mourinho', Ferrell laughed: "Keep playing defence man. Keep playing seven guys in the box - I love it!"