Andy Murray will turn 36 shortly before he's scheduled to return to Wimbledon in June, but the Brit's age should be the least of his rivals' concerns. In fact, the often-forgotten member of tennis' 'Big Four' has been tipped to contend for the top prize in London after seven years without winning a Grand Slam. That's according to Monica Puig, whose comments will put Novak Djokovic on alert as he looks to win a record-equalling fifth straight Wimbledon crown. Both Roger Federer and Bjorn Borg managed that same feat at SW19 during the Open Era, while 'Nole' is also hoping to break clear as the sport's all-time major trophy leader. Rafael Nadal, 36, reached last year's Wimbledon semi-finals before an abdominal tear forced him out ahead of his clash against eventual runner-up Nick Kyrgios. Both the Spaniard and Djokovic, 35, are regularly touted in the pre-major title talk—no surprise considering they now sit on 22 Grand Slams apiece—but Puig cautioned against discounting two-time champion Murray when it comes to Wimbledon. "Murray's won Wimbledon before. He has that on his side," the Rio 2016 Olympic gold medal-winner told Sky Sports. "The Brits tend to do very well on their own turf. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic makes last-ditch Indian Wells attempt by applying for 'special permit'  "A lot of people do not like the grass. I've heard it thousands of times before - 'I do not like playing on this surface' because it's very hard and there are not a lot of warm-up events beforehand. In order for you to really get into your rhythm you need to adapt and you need time on a surface but grass just does not give you that." Murray sent a reminder of his credentials at this year's Australian Open when he clinched five-set wins over Matteo Berrettini and Thanasi Kokkinakis to reach the third round. It was the first time since 2017 that he's managed to do so Down Under, and conditions are bound to be more favourable on home turf. "That's one of the advantages he has and it's also an advantage that points are not as long as on a hardcourt or a claycourt so he can make those shorter points count," added Puerto Rican star Puig. "He looks comfortable coming into the net and he knows what to do. Yes, he can be a force to be reckoned with." DON'T MISSWu Yibing sets rankings record after becoming first Chinese tennis player to win a titleRoger Federer sparks theories among tennis fans with ATP yet to confirm Swiss' retirementWimbledon and French Open make U-turn as significant tennis rule change approved    Murray also won Olympic gold in Brazil almost seven years ago, the most successful season of his career to date, and the only one in which he's reached three Slam finals. Both Nadal and Djokovic—who's exactly one week younger than Murray—have accomplished that in numerous calendar years and thrived during the Brit's hip injury woes in years past. Marvellous form in Melbourne served up the latest proof yet that Murray is once again a major candidate worth keeping an eye on, however. The current world No. 61 is steadily staking his claim on tennis' biggest titles once more, and Puig believes his "very strong character" could yet have a say in the Grand Slam conversation when he returns to London.