As one of the most recognised actors on TV, Arrow star Marcus Rosner spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his love for romcoms. Ahead of A Vineyard Romance’s return to the GREAT! Romance channel, Marcus also provided major insight into the drama.   Throughout his career, Marcus has achieved an impressive catalogue of shows in both romance and thriller. In the past 10 years, he has starred in hit dramas including Love Stories in Sunflower Valley, A Vineyard Romance, Arrow and Supernatural. With such a plethora of genres in his CV, Marcus compared both romance and thrillers during his interview with Express.co.uk. Reflecting on his career, he shared: “I've done thrillers where I am a killer. I've done mystery on Supernatural. I've done superhero things on a show called Arrow. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore  So certainly, it feels different when you're doing it but the preparation is all the same. “When I go home at the end of the day after doing like a thriller or something I'm a lot more exhausted emotionally than I am falling in love but the preparation is the same.” However, with the showing of Love Stories in Sunflower Valley and A Vineyard Romance scheduled on the GREAT! Romance channel this week, Marcus dished on what loves about starring in romantic comedies. The 33-year-old admitted: “I like the stories about interpersonal connections.   “I like any interpersonal relationships just watching them develop and what better than that of love?” Marcus added: “ It's a well that you can kind of keep going back to, as the GREAT! Romance channel certainly knows. “It's just a lot of different ways people can fall in love and it's fun to explore that.” The actor also provided major insight into A Vineyard Romance, where he starred as the beloved Liam Hawthorne. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [THEORY]When Calls the Heart's Marcus Rosner on Charles Kensington's return [INTERVIEW]When Calls the Heart show boss addresses 'push backs' [INSIGHT]   Marcus dished: “GREAT! Romance is showing A Vineyard Romance... “A movie I starred in with Rebecca Olson and which was written and directed by my great friend Lucie Guest and was shot in a great place in British Columbia, Canada a couple of years back now. “It’s a very sweet movie about a wine-making family and we fall in love on a vineyard. “That film is very special because it has really beautiful vistas and shots which make the film so nice.”     Speaking on Love Stories in Sunflower Valley, Marcus revealed: “The channel is also airing Love Stories in Sunflower Valley which I starred in with Erin Cahill who has done so many of these films and is lovely in all of them. “It’s a very sweet film and we go around talking to different couples that have been in love for very many years. “In the process, we start to discover that we share a lot of things in common with these couples over the decades.”  GREAT! Romance is available on Freeview 52, Freesat 303, Sky 319 and Virgin 424. 