John Redwood MP is urging Rishi Sunak to rethink the Government proposed hike to corporation tax. The member of Parliament for Wokingham in Berkshire publicly voiced his concerns on Twitter about the plan to raise the HMRC levy from 19 to 25 percent ahead of the Budget in March. Citing the plight of business owners up and down the country, Mr Redwood sounded the alarm that entrepreneurs are “taking investment elsewhere” and a further tax rise could exacerbate that trend. On social media, the politician said: “The UK Treasury needs to worry its 25 percent planned corporation tax rate may collect a lot less revenue than they think. “Businesses are taking investment elsewhere. 25 percent of nothing is nothing. We need to keep the investments here.” Mr Redwood compared the UK’s current rate of corporation tax to that of Ireland. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance He added: “Ireland collects £4,000 of Corporation tax per person. The UK collects just £1,000 per person. “That’s because Ireland charges 12.5 percent tax and the UK 19 percent. Lower tax rates bring in so much more business to tax.” A coalition of Conservative Party MPs has shared their opposition to the tax rise in a letter to Rishi Sunak over the weekend. One of the signatories was Mr Redwood, who is the chair of No Turning Back, a group that advocates for Thatcherite free-market policies. In the letter, the Tory rebels said: “We are writing to urge you to reconsider the government’s plans to increase corporation tax from 19 percent to 25 percent in April this year. “If the increase proceeds, potential new jobs and higher national output will be lost and your commendable ambition of transforming Britain into a ‘science superpower’ will be undermined. Levelling-up hopes will be hit hard.” How much someone pays in corporation tax in the UK is dependent on how much profit their company makes. All companies operating in the country have to pay this levy on the profits they generate from business. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing As of April 2023, the main rate of Corporation Tax will be increased from 19 percent to 25 percent. Currently, the existing 19 percent tax rate will still apply if a company’s profits are £50,000 or less but Britain’s entrepreneurs will have to pay more tax on profits above this level. The corporation tax increase was first announced by Rishi Sunak in 2021 during his tenure as Chancellor. During Liz Truss’ short stint as Prime Minster, the former Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng temporarily scrapped the pending tax rise but this has since been reversed. In response to the group of MPs, a Government spokesperson said: “Growing the economy is one of the Prime Minister’s top priorities, which is why we have maintained record levels of capital investment and R&D spending, as well as continuing to incentivise investment through measures such as the Seed Enterprise Investment Scheme and the now-permanent £1million Annual Investment Allowance. “To promote long-term growth it’s vital we stick to our plan to halve inflation this year and reduce debt. “From April our corporation tax rate will still be the lowest in the G7, keeping the UK internationally competitive, and businesses with profits below £250,000 will be protected from the full rate rise, with 70 percent of UK companies not facing any increase at all.” The Spring Budget will be announced by the current Chancellor Jeremy Hunt on March 15, 2023.