There are several rules that come with being part of the Royal Family, from dress codes to travel protocol. Most unusual, arguably, are the Royal Family's rules around food, which prevent them from eating everything from seafood to garlic, amongst other popular cuisines. The late Queen Elizabeth II never revealed her favourite food and remained tight-lipped about her cuisine preferences throughout her reign. Kate Middleton, however, has frequently broken the late monarch's tradition. The Princess of Wales is often extremely open about her favourite foods and her love for cooking at home with her children George, Charlotte and Louis. It is believed the monarch chose to keep her favourite food private because she didn't want to be served the same dishes at every official engagement. READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  Gordon Rayner, former royal correspondent for The Telegraph, once said he’d discovered this fact from a royal staff member. "As one of her staff told me, ‘If she said she had a favourite meal she would never get served anything else," he shared. Princess Kate memorably broke the late Queen's golden food rule back in 2018 during her visit to Great Ormond Street Hospital, where she chatted to four-year-old Rafael Chana, from East Preston, who was waiting for a heart transplant. Rafael said he liked olives, to which Kate replied: "I used to eat lots and lots of olives when I was little as well."   When the young patient added that he also likes pasta, Kate shared: "Charlotte likes pasta too." Royal reporter Rebecca English later posted on her Twitter page: "The [Princess of Wales] revealed today that her daughter, Princess Charlotte, loves olives and she encourages both her and Prince George to cook with her."  The Queen may have been reluctant to share her favourite cuisines, but the Princess of Wales was also quick to share her love for curry and spicy foods at an engagement in Scotland with Prince William. The royal was asked if she made curry at home, to which she replied: "Yes, I love it." READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  William laughed and added: "She likes a bit of spice. I'm not too good with spice." When in the Bahamas last year, Kate was filmed breaking the royal food rule of no shellfish when eating a strange local delicacy. The Bahamas dish was known as the "conch's male genitalia", which Kate bravely ate as a stunned William looked on. In the video, Kate could be heard saying: "I’m a little bit more adventurous than William is," to which her husband responded: "I can handle it."  Despite her reluctance to talk about her favourite meal of all time, there is one treat Her Majesty was known to love.  "The Queen is a total chocoholic," shared former royal chef, Darren McGrady. "The chocolate biscuit cake is the only cake that goes up to the royal table every day until it has all gone – sometimes this means it follows her to Windsor Castle for the weekend," Darren said.  "I remember as a young chef travelling from Paddington to Windsor one Friday morning with a half-eaten chocolate biscuit cake packed neatly and tightly in a biscuit tin, and wrapped in Clingfilm, perched on my knee with the fear of God in me that I would lose or drop the thing! It was her favourite. "And when Prince William first tried it, he loved it and then requested it as his groom's cake [at the royal wedding in 2011]."  