Drivers in the UK have been dealing with bouts of freezing temperatures since December, with this week bringing frost and snow to some regions. As a result, many electric vehicle drivers, and even some who are thinking of switching, may be unaware of the impact of the cold weather on the car battery. EV batteries have an optimum operating and charging temperature of approximately 20-25 degrees, according to Osprey Charging. In the low ambient temperatures of winter months, motorists can expect to lose 10 to 15 percent of range, and with the vehicle’s heating system on full blast, there is potential to lose another 10 percent. Thanks to EVs being some of the most technologically advanced vehicles on the market, drivers have plenty of options to warm up their cars in the cold weather. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ian Johnston, CEO of Osprey Charging, gave drivers some key tips on how they can maintain their vehicle. READ MORE: New ULEZ expansion tax will 'burden' drivers later this year The majority of electric cars now come with their own mobile app, allowing drivers to control certain features, including the heating system. From the comfort of their own home, motorists can pre-heat the cabin of their car without even stepping foot into the cold. Crucially, it can also warm the battery efficiently ahead of driving, making sure the cold does not take away from the mileage of the vehicle. DON'T MISSDrivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes [HELPFUL]Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [INSIGHT]Just one charger installed for every 53 electric cars sold last year [SHOCKING] Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ian Johnston added that using certain heating features can make the journey far more pleasant. He said: “Rather than using your car’s cabin heating system, making the most of seat and steering wheel warmers is the most efficient way to stay warm on a cold day. “They use far less energy than the cabin’s heating system, keeping more of your EV’s energy in the battery and maximising your vehicle’s range.” READ MORE: UK 'needs to move rapidly' with rollout of electric car chargers If the battery is cold, the chemical reaction that re-charges it will be slower and the car’s Battery Management System will use some incoming power to bring the battery up to optimum temperature. So, to avoid waiting for longer than they need to at a public charger, motorists should try and drive for a while before stopping to charge. This (and pre-heating) warms up the battery so that when they plug in, they can achieve a high charge rate faster. With over 6,000 public rapid chargepoints across the UK, it is now easier than ever to top up their EV’s battery mid-journey. By taking five minutes to plan their route based on chargepoint locations, drivers will be able to easily keep their battery warm and optimised. Osprey, for instance, have chargers available up and down the UK, from the north of Scotland all the way down to Cornwall, and with contactless payment an option on each of these, drivers can quickly be on their way.