Human rights lawyers have slammed the court's decision to reject Shamima Begum's appeal, describing the Government's attitude to her as "offensive" and "appalling". The ISIS bride lost an appeal against the Home Office's decision to remove her British citizenship at the special immigration appeals commission (Siac) on Wednesday in a longstanding judicial battle over her right to return to Britain. Judges described the case as a matter of "great concern and difficulty", insisting there were "credible suspicions" that the 23-year-old was trafficked into Syria aged 15 for sexual exploitation. But the Commission concluded the decision over Ms Begum's fate was not theirs to make and ultimately fell under the Home Secretary's remit. Human Rights lawyer Shoaib M Khan told Express.co.uk the ruling was "disappointing" as Ms Begum is still stuck in a camp in northern Syria. He said: "It is offensive and appalling that the British government’s response to a British child being trafficked to a war zone for the purposes of sexual exploitation was to revoke her British citizenship and leave her permanently stranded there." Ms Begum has sought to return to Britain since February 2019 when the then-Home Secretary Sajid Javid stripped her of her British citizenship after she was found in a refugee camp in north-east Syria. In the same month that she began seeking a return to Britain, Ms Begum said there was "justification" for the Manchester Arena terrorist slaughter of 22 concert-goers. She has since apologised for the remarks, but doubts remain as to her true views on the bombing. The 23-year-old left Bethnal Green in East London to join ISIS aged 15 in 2015 and stayed with the militant Islamist group for three years, but denies accusations that she stitched terrorists into suicide vests. Mr Javid said at the time he made the decision to bar her from Britain based on information from intelligence agencies and insisted it was "absolutely the right decision to protect the British people", without giving further details. His successor Priti Patel also ruled out Ms Begum’s return, telling The Sun: "Our job is to keep our country safe. We don’t need people who have done harm and left our country to be part of a death cult and to perpetuate that ideology." The current Home Secretary Suella Braverman has stuck with the Government’s decision to revoke her citizenship on national security grounds. READ MORE: Counter-terror police warn more UK extremists returning to Syria Shortly after the court's ruling, Ms Braverman and former home secretary Sajid Javid welcomed the verdict. Ms Braverman said: "My priority is, and always will be, the safety and security of the UK. I am pleased with the decision from the court today, who have agreed with the Government’s position on every appeal ground." Mr Justice Jay, who wrote the judgment, said that while there was credible suspicion that Begum "was recruited, transferred and then harboured for the purpose of sexual exploitation", that this was "insufficient" for the Commission to deem the Home Secretary’s decision unlawful. Ms Begum's lawyers have already announced they would challenge that decision, saying the legal fight is "nowhere near over". DON'T MISS:February 20 - Four years since IS bride was stripped of UK citizenship [REPORT]Shamima Begum case could be decided in ECHR as lawyer slams UK [REPORT]BBC backlash over Begum coverage as Ofcom flooded with complaints [REPORT] Ms Begum still had other legal avenues, including the Court of Appeal, the Supreme Court and the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR), according to Devyani Prabhat, Professor of Law at the University of Bristol Law School in the UK. However, she told Express.co.uk it was "quite difficult" to challenge this because of what she described as the "wide discretion" given to the Home Secretary. She explained: "There is wide discretion given to the Secretary of State in this section for national security so it is quite difficult to challenge this, especially when there is evidence which is secret or not publicly available." Questions remain over Ms Shamima's role in ISIS. The Daily Telegraph reported that Begum had developed a reputation as an enforcer amongst other members of ISIS and had tried to recruit other young women to join the group. She also said she was "in love with the idea of ISIS" and claimed she was not aware of ISIS' activities in Syria before leaving London for Syria. READ NEXT:Shamima Begum's mother-in-law begs for ISIS bride be allowed to returnShamima Begum's fact vs fiction—Four claims from documentary debunkedLoose Women outrage as star says Shamima Begum wouldn't be a 'threat'BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum docShamima Begum should be 'given chance' to return says old ISIS recruit