Timo Werner has criticised Thomas Tuchel and singled out Romelu Lukaku as a main reason for his failures at Chelsea. The German has given an honest verdict on his two years in the Premier League. Werner joined Chelsea ahead of the 2020/21 season. He initially started his spell with the Blues in fine form in front of goal. But he was never able to fully recover from his first real dip in English football. Frank Lampard was sacked as Chelsea boss in January 2021 and Tuchel swiftly replaced the Stamford Bridge legend. Werner went on to play a part in Chelsea winning the Champions League in his first campaign at the club. But Werner claims his compatriot Tuchel forgot about the impact he had. READ MORE: Benitez 'contacts Leeds over manager's job' two days after live TV appearance  He told The Sun: "I had a very good first six months at Chelsea, which was what the supporters and club expected of me. I scored the goals and played good games. "When you come from the kind of success I had in Germany or with Chelsea - playing nearly every game in the first season, winning the Champions League in 2021, scoring in the semi-final against Real Madrid, making a lot of goals. "Then all this gets a little bit forgotten by the manager, it was not really fair. That was also a reason I had to move back to Leipzig, to get the enjoyment again. "I didn’t feel that any more but you need it to be successful. In the end a manager likes some players more than others - it’s completely normal and you have to accept that. Maybe yes, in the end I just wanted out." DON'T MISSInside Man Utd squad's thoughts on takeover as Glazers look to agree £6bn dealChelsea board 'make feelings clear' on sacking Potter after Southampton lossMan Utd owners the Glazers almost gave £106m parting gift to Ten Hag before takeover  Tuchel spent big on Lukaku in his first summer in charge. That made Werner's chances of regular action even harder and a year later he returned to Leipzig. Werner says the arrival of Lukaku undoubtedly had a role in his performances. He added: "The biggest problem was he put a striker like Lukaku in front of me in the second season after I won the Champions League by nearly playing every game in the first squad. "That was the toughest moment for me to get a player, a very good player, in front of me for €120million. Romelu was a big striker and had to play after costing so much and I didn’t feel honoured enough. Maybe that was also a reason why I had ups and downs."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here