The twin sister of a woman whose partner shot and killed her and her two daughters says the Epsom College murders took her right back to the moment she heard what happened to her family. And she is angry that firearm laws haven’t been toughened up since her family's tragedy.  Kelly Fitzgibbons, 40, and her daughters Ava and Lexi Needham, aged four and two, were shot dead by their father and Kelly’s partner Rob Needham with his legally-owned gun in March 2020. He then used his gun to kill himself at the scene in Woodmancote, East Sussex. Less than three years on, the bodies of Emma Pattison and her seven-year-old daughter Lettie were found in their home in the grounds of Epsom College, Surrey, in the early hours of February 5. The body of Lettie’s father and Emma’s husband, George, was also found in the same property. They had all been shot dead and police believe Mr Pattison murdered his wife and daughter before turning the gun on himself. Kelly’s sister Emma Ambler said: “As soon as I heard what had happened and that they weren't looking for anybody else I just had this horrible feeling because it sounded exactly the same as what happened to my sister. “Me and my dad were both really upset that this had happened to somebody else and it does put you right back to when we found out about Kelly and the girls. “Me and my dad haven't healed from what happened at all and when something like this happens it makes you realise how little you have healed."    She added: “You miss them every single day. It's a difficult loss to articulate really. That's why I have so much empathy for the family, knowing what journey they are going to be going on and it's a really horrible one. “I don't think we will ever move on or ever get over what's happened, and all of my anger is at Rob. I don't blame anybody else for what's happened. “Emma and Lettie's family have now got to live with the loss and probably the anger that they feel towards him and whoever has let him have a gun licence and buy a gun and take it home.” The inquest into the deaths of Kelly Fitzgibbons and her daughters found that Needham had been granted a gun licence despite Sussex Police discovering he had lied on his application form about having suffered from depression. They also gave him the licence despite discovering he had been given a police caution as a youth. Ms Ambler set up the Kelly Fitzgibbons Foundation in her sister’s memory, calling for reforms to gun laws. READ MORE: Soviet Russia's chilling plan to take West to war and capture Europe   She said: “I genuinely believe that the police made it very easy for Rob. “I don't believe that there's many other ways that you can wipe your family out in seconds or minutes if you don't have access to a gun. “I [feel] quite angry that another gun holder had been able to do this to his family. “We don't lots of things for sure about what happened at Epsom but already - I read that they did a phone call because he'd moved address. “One, that's not the process. If somebody moves address, they should be going to the house to check that there's a locked cabinet, where it's stored, where the key is. “Already it's indicating to me that the police haven't carried out the duties as they should. “The system isn't resourced effectively. The police when they did the investigation into my sister's case said numerous times that they don't have the resources." DON'T MISSKing Charles faces dozens of placard-waving protestors [PICTURED]VDL warned of 'dangerous drift' as Brussels scrambles to chase US plan [REPORT]Nikki Haley praises ultimate Iron Lady' Thatcher in White House bid [ANALYSIS]   She added: “If they don't have the resources then I personally don't think they should be giving out so many gun licences. “I know we don't know whether this is relevant in Epsom or not but it's the sharing of information between GPs and the police which isn't fit for purpose at all. “They rushed through a system before my sister's inquest to say they have a new flagging system, which should help but there were some GPs at the inquest that said it doesn't work and they rushed it out to be able to say that they are doing something. “If a GP was sent a form about me they probably wouldn't know who I was and yet they are saying whether they think someone is safe to hold a gun licence.” And she questions why someone who doesn’t need a gun for their job should need to have one at their home. She added: “A few people have said to me that you can't take away someone's right to have a gun but I think you can actually. “I think you can say 'go shoot in a club' but why do you need to have a gun licence and take it home with you when you've got a family there. “I was absolutely shocked. Those poor children in that school must be quite traumatised knowing that this has happened. “I don't know why anyone would think it's wise to give a gun to somebody who lives on school grounds, is also my personal opinion.” 