Former Paris Saint-Germain star Ludovic Giuly believes Lionel Messi may have to quit representing Argentina to prolong his club career. Messi's future remains uncertain as he nears the final four months of his PSG contract amid links to a Barcelona return. In recent years, it has become more common to see established international footballers retire from duty to focus on the final chapters of their club careers. Most recently, Manchester United defender Raphael Varane walked away from France, despite only turning 30 in April. At the 2022 World Cup, Messi proved that he was far from finished as he guided Argentina to a memorable triumph in Qatar. But now 35, more questions on whether he can continue to be a crucial figure for both club and country will emerge. And Giuly believes that factor must be considered when signing his next contract at PSG or elsewhere. He told Le Parisien: "It will be necessary to be aware that Leo will no longer be able to play all the matches. JUST IN: Chelsea star Christian Pulisic provides injury update  "It will sometimes be necessary to rest before Champions League matches, for example. I can see a rhythm like three disputed matches and then one to rest. "Leo says he still wants to play with Argentina, and that might be a problem. After a certain age, you recover much less well from the fatigue of long plane trips. "Should he give up the selection to continue? I do not know, but we will have to talk about it..." Despite his concerns, Giuly is keen for PSG to tie Messi, the 'best player in the world', down to a new deal in the French capital. DON'T MISS Legendary BBC commentator Motson dies as football world in mourningPSG bosses 'annoyed' at Messi, Neymar and Mbappe as plan emergesNine in ten workplace managers take leadership style - from football "We criticized him a lot, but when we see the World Cup that he won because he had prepared well before, that should convince Paris to extend him," Guily explained. "I remind you that we are talking about Lionel Messi, the best player in the world! It proves that he is capable, if he is managed well, of bringing a lot more. "[He is] a guy capable, at any time, on a pass, a dribble, a strike or a free-kick, of making the difference. "I am not talking about marketing or stuff like that, but when you are called PSG, it is better to have Messi in your team than elsewhere."