Six years ago, when Manchester United beat Southampton to win the Carabao Cup under Jose Mourinho, the onus was on the Portuguese to sustain success. One victory was good, of course, but fans wanted the silverware to keep coming - something they were used to when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Now, Erik ten Hag must succeed with a challenge his predecessor ultimately failed. Few expected United to win a trophy this season, particularly after the shambles of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Certainly, there weren't many coming forward tipping them to claim silverware after woeful defeats to Brighton and Brentford in their opening two league games. But United have never been a club to just lie down and accept their fate. Fast-forward to now, and the transformation has been completely remarkable. The Red Devils won their first trophy in six years on Sunday, putting Newcastle to the sword with a professional display on a straightforward afternoon at the office. Casemiro set the tone, with the United star netting a header following a pinpoint free kick from Luke Shaw. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players And with Marcus Rashford posing all sorts of problems for Newcastle, Sven Botman's own goal ultimately made the result safe. Newcastle went forward in search of a goal that would give them hope but, ultimately, it wasn't to be their day. Instead, the contest belonged to United - with Ten Hag, his players and members of his coaching staff all jubilantly celebrating in the aftermath. As well they should. It has been a tough six years for United, a torrid decade in truth ever since Ferguson walked off into the sunset. Now, the challenge for Ten Hag is to ensure this isn't a one-off. Fans want trips to Wembley and trophies, too. Both must now follow. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes In 2017, United looked like they may just re-emerge from their post-Ferguson slump. They won the Carabao Cup at Southampton's expense, with the Europa League then following a few months down the line. Mourinho was the man the Glazers felt could keep the cups coming. In the end, it was to be a false dawn. United did proceed to finish second and make the FA Cup final in 2018 but were outplayed by Chelsea as they lost at Wembley that year. Mourinho was never going to hang around for long, not least due to the Glazers' failure to sign the players he wanted frequently throughout his stint in charge. Now, however, they'll want Ten Hag to succeed where the Portuguese failed. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United are still in with a chance of winning three more trophies this term. The Premier League title isn't completely out of reach, while they're still going strong in the Europa League and FA Cup. If Ten Hag is to truly bring the glory days back, there's a need to ensure the cabinet keeps needing a restock. United can celebrate for now. What else they have to celebrate come the end of the season, however, remains to be seen. Meanwhile, Ten Hag was jubilant after his side's win. Speaking to Sky Sports, he hailed his troops by saying: "I just want to win! "We invested from the start of the season with the staff, they did an incredible job, with the players - staff and players they are together. "Together [are] also the fans, [it's] really surprising how the fans stay, and there's real hungerness and a desire for trophies, because Man United stands for trophies. "Raphael Varane, Casemiro and David de Gea know how to win trophies and you need such lads on the pitch to point the team. "They have the winning attitude they have to bring it in the dressing room, in difficult situations and that is what they have done."