Police are probing allegations that firefighters at Dorset and Wiltshire Fire Service took pictures of women killed in car accidents with female members of staff also complaining about serious sexual harassment. The photographs were allegedly then shared on a WhatsApp group where male firefighters commented on the victims - with the reports prompting Chief Fire Officer Ben Ansell vowing to get to the bottom of the “extremely serious” claims. One insider, speaking on condition of anonymity, offered an insight into the current situation. The female firefighter explained: “There are explicit pictures, there are photos of accidents, sometimes you can even see the dead body in the accident. I’ve seen people make comments about the type of underwear the women are wearing in the car crash. “It’s disgusting to have to work alongside people like this, people are not in the job for the right reason, people are just power-hungry and they get off on it.” She continued: "Retrieving the body of someone dead should tear you apart, not make you want to take photos of it, just to joke about it later. Because that's someone's loved one, isn't it? That's someone's relative." A number of female firefighters talked to ITV News about their experiences of sexual harassment, including one who said a male colleague had demanded “sexual favours” at the scene of a fire. They also shared explicit pictures and messages they claimed to have been sent by male colleagues, including demands for sex. Sarah, whose name has been changed to protect her identity, said: "I'd never want to see a picture like that and it repulses you, and then you have to go back to work. You have to sit with this person in the truck, you have to go to fire calls with them and you know the way they feel and you know what they've sent you. "And it just changes the whole atmosphere. It just affects everything. It affects your relationships, it affects your trust as well.” The same person who sent photographs to Sarah’s phone is also believed to have sent obscene pictures of himself to a different woman hours after she attended a fire service open day - who subsequently opted not to join the service. Jess, another female firefighter, whose name has also been changed, said another male colleague had tried to kiss her while they were attending a fire. She said: "It was late into it and the fire was dampening down basically. "The crew had been sent away to fill up the appliance with water, which meant that I was left alone with him on site. Whilst we were alone, he was trying to kiss me. "Then he said 'if we hurry up, then you can give me sexual favours before they come back'. I remember just sitting there and in my mind just thinking, please guys just come back quickly. Where are they? What's taking them so long?" Female firefighters also shared sinister text messages they had been sent, saying things like: “I will have you one day”. Despite several being reported for their behaviour, all the men in question are understood still to be working for the service. Responding to the allegations, Mr Ansell said he took them “extremely seriously”. He added: "As allegations of criminal behaviour are involved, we have immediately alerted the police so the appropriate action can be taken. I am also commissioning an independent investigation. As part of this investigation, I will be providing all of our female staff with the opportunity to speak to an independent organisation. "There is an expectation for our staff to work in line with our code of ethics which sets out high levels of expected behaviours. "The vast majority of our staff are good people, working hard and doing a great job. But when and if those standards are not met, we will move quickly to address it." A Dorset Police statement said: “Dorset & Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service made Dorset Police and Wiltshire Police aware of the ITV investigation. “The limited details available in the news report are of a very concerning nature but will have understandably caused concern amongst the public and especially families of victims. We share that concern and will robustly investigate any information or evidence that is shared with us.” After consultations, it had been decided that Dorset will take the lead in the enquiries, the statement continued. It added: “Unfortunately, neither force has so far been provided with any specific details as to the precise allegations. ITV has been approached to disclose any information it has regarding these allegations, which could potentially be used as evidence, but it has yet to do so. “We would urge anyone who has any details regarding the matter to contact Dorset Police.” Sarah Jones, Labour's Shadow Minister for Policing and the Fire Service, said: “"There are incredibly serious questions to be answered about standards and culture in the fire service across the country. "Labour has called for a national review of standards and culture in our fire service - to introduce more transparency on misconduct and improve professional standards across the country. "Home Office ministers must not do what they have done with the police - and sit back and leave it to individual services to tackle cultural failures.” A similar investigation in December uncovered claims of sexual harassment within South Wales Fire and Rescue Service, which has no commissioned an independent review of its culture and disciplinary processes. An HMICFRS spokesperson said: “We are deeply concerned by these allegations. We are in contact with Dorset & Wiltshire Fire Service to ensure this is investigated thoroughly, and we will be closely monitoring the outcome of the service’s independent review.”