Mould is a common problem for households during the winter months, with spores typically collecting on window frames and walls. Mould which grows on window sills and frames is commonly caused by dampness trapped on or near the window. On wooden window sills, mould and mildew can also grow on the wood. Dehumidifiers are a great way to counteract the formation of mould, by removing water moisture from the air, though they can be costly depending on the type of dehumidifier you buy. However, one man says he has discovered a way to make use of items you may already have at home to create your own dehumidifier. Alex and Gregg are twin brothers who share videos on the TikTok page @newhorizontwins. One of the brothers filmed a video of himself tackling the mould which had begun to form on a window sill in their shared home. "Recently on the news, there has been a lot of people moaning about mould in their houses and I just want to say that mould in your house is probably the most common thing ever," said the TikTok creator. READ MORE: Eliminate ‘caked-on’ brown stains from oven door glass ‘in 2 minutes’ "This is one of the rooms in our house and the mould is terrible due to the plants that are in there. Mould is caused by moisture so that could be a glass of water by the side of your bed, drying washing in the house or even breathing." After cleaning up the mould and drying down the area, he placed a dehumidifier on the window sill. He said: "You can buy a dehumidifier and if you can't afford a dehumidifier, [use] a plastic tub from your Chinese for the sauce. "Put a hole in that, add your salt and that will collect the moisture on your window." The twin added: "The bigger the tub the more it will collect." DON'T MISS3p ‘miracle’ item to ‘dissolve’ tea cup stains without using bleach [EXPLAINER]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [COMMENT]Keep squirrels out of your garden using ‘effective’ 70p kitchen item [INSIGHT] While the hack may seem unusual, salt is often recommended as a cheap and effective way of stopping condensation from building up. Salt is a great substance to use as a natural dehumidifier, as it is free from chemicals, yet works well to absorb moisture in the surrounding air. Rock salt, in particular, is recommended for its ability to absorb moisture. Salt works by drawing out moisture from the air through the process of osmosis, which is why it is used as a drying or toughening agent for certain types of food. As well as being an all-natural substance, salt is also purse-friendly, with Morrisons and Asda selling table salt for as little as 65p. If you don't have any old Tupperware or takeaway containers laying around, you can simply put salt into a small bowl and place it in the affected area. However, as well as using a dehumidifier, the man said: "My main tip is just to clean. Make sure you keep cleaning, [and] drying down the areas as much as possible." In the comments section of the video, TikTok users have shared their favourite mould-cleaning products. An anonymous account posting under the name @sparkle786 said: "Astonish mould and mildew spray works really well, only 99p from home bargains." Another commenter suggested: "99 percent rubbing alcohol, spray then leave 10 mins then wipe off, works on walls as well." [SIC]