Michael McIntyre ended up sending a cheeky text message to all of Lewis' phone contacts during his BBC programme, Big Show. The Someone You Love hitmaker also took to the stage to perform his latest number-one single Forget Me. However, some viewers felt some parts of the show were "scripted" and took to social media to share their frustrations. During the Unexpected Surprise segment, Michael pulled a prank on Brady by getting her to jump out of a cake on stage. After speaking to Brady's mum and friend in the studio audience, Michael explained what he was going to do. "Let me tell you what has been going on," he began before adding: "Earlier this week, we placed an order at Brady's Bakery for some delicious pastries and iced buns." "There she is piping for us," Michael continued as they showed a clip of Brady preparing the cakes. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "She doesn't know that. She thinks she is coming to an exclusive birthday party, but actually, it's going to be a celebrities' birthday party. "She is behind us now in a fake storage room." Peter Andre and an actor called Neil decided to wind Brady up by pulling some pranks on her. Peter even got Brady to help him reenact his iconic Mysterious Girl video. Things took an unexpected turn when Neil asked Brady to get inside a giant cake to test it out. He then wheeled it into the BBC studio where the cake maker jumped out in front of the entire audience. However, some viewers felt Brady didn't look surprised and that the segment was "scripted". Fans also felt the Lewis Capaldi text prank was a "set-up". Taking to Twitter, user @truthteller442 said: "#michaelmcintyresbigshow what a load of unfunny scripted s***e." DON'T MISS...Happy Valley’s Catherine Cawood ‘confirms’ death with parting words  [INSIGHT[Happy Valley's Neil Ackroyd star teases 'extraordinary' final episode [VIDEO]Emmerdale's beloved couple torn apart as boss confirms split [SPOILERS] "People actually believe this isn’t set up from start to finish," @Jakesmummmm fumed. While @antant1986 added: "#michaelmcintyresbigshow not convinced with this Brady person. She seemed too unsurprised by the whole thing. Fake." "He sent a reply from the audience if that’s not a set-up. I don’t know what is. #BigShow," @EnfieldGarry pointed out. Oli noticed: "She didn't look very surprised." Yvonne agreed: "Yep….losing interest in these when clearly not surprised it’s a shame…they used to be more believable." (sic)  "What kind of show is this #bigshow," Elizabeth quizzed as @Jakesmummmm said: "Why does my husband insist on watching #michaelmcintyresbigshow." Despite the criticism, the comedian seemed to win viewers over after he surprised Everton fan, Paul Stratton. Paul was left in shock after he was given the chance to score the winning penalty at an Everton match. It was an emotional moment for all, and some viewers even claimed to "break down in tears". Kim wrote: "Paul Stratton made me cry!! Awesome experience #bigshow." Donna added: "Anyone else sobbing at Michael McIntyre's #bigshow? What a lovely, incredible man, and what a wonderful gesture by @Everton." (sic) Michael McIntyre's Big Show returns on Saturday at 6.50pm on BBC One.