Manchester City's rivals have made their stance clear after the Premier League accused the club of 115 breaches of financial rules across nine seasons from 2009 to 2018. And if Arsenal and co get their way, it could lead to the Gunners cruising to the title this season. Man City are at the centre of the biggest scandal in Premier League history, which figures at the club believe has put their 'whole being' at stake. Among the 115 breaches, City have been accused of overstating sponsorship income, hiding their true source of revenue and not giving full details of player wages. They are also under scrutiny for allegedly paying ex-manager Roberto Martinez extra millions with a secret contract, breaking Premier League profit and sustainability rules and not complying with UEFA Financial Fair Play regulations. And the reigning champions failed to assist with the four-year investigation from 2018 to 2022. According to The Sun, rival clubs want a 'rapid trial' so punishment is implemented this season, rather than allowing City to delay judgement day for years. JUST IN: Man City could drop four divisions if expelled by Premier League  There is a feeling that an outcome won't be met anytime soon, with the Citizens likely to throw everything they have at clearing their name. They have until February 23 to respond to the charges, though the Premier League haven't provided a timescale of the decision process. KC Murray Rosen, the head of the competition's Judicial Panel, will form a three-member commission headed by a senior lawyer before that date. A hearing could be held as early as next month, which could all but hand Arsenal the Premier League title if City are dealt a significant points deduction. DON'T MISS Man Utd stars on collision course with coach they nicknamed Ted LassoLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp told to bite the bullet with two playersMan City send staff message in 'urgent meetings' as club declare war Such a punishment is just the surface of what could happen to the six-time Premier League champions if they are found guilty. Other retribution could involve spending limits, transfer bans and expulsion from the English top flight. And City could also be stripped of their titles, leading to the runners-up being crowned belated champions. In this case, Manchester United and Liverpool would earn three titles each, which would only worsen the blow for Pep Guardiola and the legacy he has trailblazed at the Etihad Stadium. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here