Salman Rushdie has blasted the publishers over rewriting Roald Dahl's books as “absurd censorship” amid the new editions of the beloved stories. The publisher, Puffin, has made numerous alterations to the original text of the books, removing many of Dahl’s classic, timeless, and colourful descriptions and making his characters less grotesque.  A review was carried out of Dahl’s classics to ensure the books can be enjoyed by the children, claimed the publishers. Content deemed offensive, such as references to weight, mental health, violence, gender and race have been removed or rewritten. Expressing his angst over the changes, Mr Rushdie tweeted: "Roald Dahl was no angel but this is absurd censorship. "Puffin Books and the Dahl estate should be ashamed.'"  For instance, Augustus Gloop in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is now described as "enormous" while in The Twits, Mrs Twit is no longer "ugly and beastly" but just "beastly" in new editions of Roald Dahl’s beloved stories. However, Sir Salman is not alone as many other literary experts disagree with the changes. Suzanne Nossel, the CEO of literature and human rights organisation PEN America, said she was "alarmed" at the changes, which "could represent a dangerous new weapon". She tweeted: "The problem with taking license to re-edit classic works is that there is no limiting principle.  READ MORE: Police searching for Nicola Bulley find a body in river "You start out wanting to replace a word here and a word there, and end up inserting entirely new ideas (as has been done to Dahl’s work). "Literature is meant to be surprising and provocative. That's part of its potency. "By setting out to remove any reference that might cause offence you dilute the power of storytelling." A notice from the publisher sits at the bottom of the copyright page of the latest editions of Dahl’s books: "The wonderful words of Roald Dahl can transport you to different worlds and introduce you to the most marvellous characters.  DON'T MISS:Ex-soldier celebrates as he strikes gold in Birmingham river [REVEAL]Brazil landslide kills at least 36 and left hundreds homeless  [BREAKING]Tim Davie lauds BBC’s plan of forcing people to pay licence fee [SPOTLIGHT] "This book was written many years ago, and so we regularly review the language to ensure that it can continue to be enjoyed by all today." A spokesperson for the Roald Dahl Story Company said: "When publishing new print runs of books written years ago, it’s not unusual to review the language used alongside updating other details including a book’s cover and page layout. "Our guiding principle throughout has been to maintain the storylines, characters, and the irreverence and sharp-edged spirit of the original text. "Any changes made have been small and carefully considered." 