Arsenal suffered just their second defeat in the Premier League this season to put a dent in their title chances. Everton won 1-0 in Sean Dyche's first game in charge thanks to a second-half goal from James Tarkowski. Express Sport looks at everything we learned from the match at Goodison Park. Gabriel Martinellii may have only signed a new contract this week, but it wasn't his day. The Brazilian was often left isolated on the left and wasn't able to have a positive impact on the game when he did get the ball. He was substituted just before the hour mark, as was Thomas Partey. The Ghanaian was an injury doubt for the game and perhaps was not fully fit, as he wasn't his usual self in the middle of the park. Martin Odegaard had a quiet afternoon by his standards. The skipper has been in fine form but Everton did well to thwart his strengths and limit his impact on the game. Granit Xhaka was well below what he has been producing so far this season, regularly giving the ball away. Ben White also struggled at right-back, though there weren't many Arsenal players near the top of their game. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack striker  Sean Dyche stated before the match how he wants his team to play, and they didn't let him down. They were solid at the back, as expected from a Dyche team, with Tarkowski and Conor Coady at the centre of that. But defence starts from the front and they were pressing Arsenal from the first minute. They also caused the Gunners a number of problems at the back and should have been in front at half-time before they eventually took the lead from a set piece. Amadou Onana was one of several midfielders that were linked with Arsenal late in the January window. He only signed for the Toffees in the summer but has already caught the eye. And the 21-year-old certainly sent a message to Mikel Arteta with his showing today. Perhaps he wasn't the holding midfielder the Gunners were looking for, as he provides a lot more than just defensive qualities. He showed off his ability to drive at defences and almost laid the ball on the plate for Dominic Calvert-Lewin to score the opener. The Belgium international impressed throughout in a strong midfield trio for the hosts and was deservedly awarded player of the match. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing! Arteta got what he wanted from the January transfer window. He was desperate to add depth to his squad to give him better options from the bench. Arsenal are without four players due to injury but their bench at Goodison was still well-stacked with experience and exciting young players. Jorginho and Leandro Trossard know the league inside out, while Jakub Kiwior provides back-up at left centre-back. Once Gabriel Jesus, Emile Smith Rowe and Reiss Nelson are back fit, Arteta will have a decision to make on who to leave out of his match-day squad. However, the bench was unable to make the desired impact today.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here