Nigel Harman, who played EastEnders bad boy Dennis Rickman from 2003 to 2005, will soon be back on the BBC in the form of a new Casualty character, Doctor Max Cristie. His arrival at the hospital will be controversial and it soon becomes clear he and Dylan Keogh (played by Will Beck) share a rocky history. Max is a popular doctor - charming, brilliant, and a lovable rogue who lives by his own rules. While all patients want to be treated by him, his arrival won't go down so well with his new colleagues. Dylan isn't happy to be reacquainted with Max, whom he knew in the past. It’s clear from the offset that the two left issues unresolved before they parted ways. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Viewers will soon find out their rift goes all the way back to medical school. Before the two can really address their issues though, Max finds himself in the thick of the action on his first shift - it’s life and death stakes from the offset. Storming onto screens later this month, Max is bound to make a big impact on the drama. Nigel, 49, expressed his excitement for the new role and teased a few details about Max. "I'm honoured and grateful to be joining the cast of Casualty," he commented. "Many pals have donned the famous scrubs over the years and had a ball, so for me, it was an easy decision. "With Max, the viewers can expect a character who leads with his heart and not always his head. "Never afraid to get in a scrape or two, yet loyal to the end even if it means putting himself in danger." DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge labels task 'not even funny' [VIDEO]Eva Green stars in Apple series after giving evidence in film dispute [LATEST]Emmerdale fans spot 'ignored' Mandy Dingle wardrobe blunder [REACTION] Jon Sen, the executive producer for BBC Studios, added: "We are thrilled to be welcoming Nigel to the cast of Casualty. "When we conceived the character of Max we knew we needed an actor with craft, charm and charisma and we approached Nigel knowing he’d be the perfect choice. "We were over the moon when he agreed to play the role and from what we’ve seen so far, Nigel’s creating an iconic character who is set to stir things up within the Emergency Department. We can’t wait for the audience to meet Max." Nigel certainly isn't new to delving into drama with a chaotic character. He played the well-loved Dennis on EastEnders, and as the son of Den Watts (Leslie Grantham), he was usually at the centre of the chaos. He was Sharon Watts's (Letitia Dean) partner, and the two were set for a happy ending before tragically stabbing him on New Year's Eve. Max, while a popular addition to Casualty, sounds like a different character to Nigel's EastEnders character. Will he eventually fit in with his team despite his unique approach? Casualty continues on Saturday at 9pm on BBC One.