Kensington Palace has released "behind the scenes" photographs showing the Prince and Princess of Wales meeting Welsh and English rugby personalities. After the game, the pair met their respective teams in the locker rooms and had pictures with some of the muddied players which were shared on Twitter earlier today. The photos were shared with the following caption translated into Welsh underneath:  "A sneak peek behind the scenes with the Wales and England teams yesterday." The pictures capture Princess Kate, 41, with England Rugby stars, and Prince William, 40, with Welsh players. Kate appears well dressed for the occasion, wearing a beautiful Catherine Walker houndstooth coat in the colours of the St George's cross. She first wore the coat in Sweden in 2014. During the outing to Cardiff's Principality Stadium, the Waleses also met staff and volunteers of the Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust. William was pictured on the audience stand wearing what appeared to be a Welsh Rugby Union scarf. England Rugby tweeted: "Great to see our patron The Princess of Wales yesterday." Kate cheered for England while watching the game next to her husband William who has been the patron of the Welsh Rugby Union since 2016. Kate became the patron of England's Rugby Football Union (RFU) and Rugby Football league after Prince Harry lost the patronage as part of the Megxit agreement in 2020. The Princess, mother-of-three, is understood to be an avid rugby fan as are her sons Princes George and Louis. During a training session with RFU Chairman Tom Hube at Twickenham earlier this month, Kate said: "They’re [the boys] all enjoying it, Louis is kamikaze, we’re worrying about when he gets older, he’ll be in the middle of everything." Pippa Middleton wrote in Vanity Fair: "Rugby was a big thing for our family, we'd plan our weekends around the big matches." To Kate's delight, the final score was 10-20 to England. It was Wales' third successive Six Nations defeat since the return of the team's head coach Warren Gatland. The royals officially opened the Sir Tasker Watkins Suite, a space in the stadium for injured players and families.