CBS’ long-running drama Blue Bloods will return with another case of personal life getting intertwined with work life. This time Erin Reagan (played by Bridget Moynahan) and Eddie Janko (Vanessa Ray) will struggle to put their differences aside during a major investigation.  Blue Bloods follows the careers and personal lives of Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) and his three adult children. Erin is working on her way to becoming the district attorney, while Jamie Reagen (Will Estes) was promoted to field intelligence sergeant earlier in the season. Meanwhile, Danny Reagan (Donnie Wahlberg) is a detective embarking on a new romance with Laura Acosta (Jessica Pimental). With the trio wrapped up in their law enforcement work, fans will see a rare conflict between Erin and Jamie’s wife, Eddie. READ MORE: Millennial watches Fawlty Towers and 'couldn't believe her eyes'  CBS teased a major clash between the two, with the release of an episode 13 sneak peek. During the clip, Erin was at her desk working when Anthony Abetemarco (Steve Schirripa) walked into the office with Eddie. He said: “Hey, detectives were swamped so I helped reinterview a bunch of women in the office.” Before Anthony could finish his sentence, Erin turned to Eddie and asked: “And what are you doing here?”    Taken aback by Erin’s brash tone, Eddie responded: “I offered to help.” To which Erin hit back: “I think you’ve helped enough.” “Well, I just feel strongly that this woman is telling the truth,” Eddie added. However, Erin argued: “Then why even bother investigating if you feel so strongly, she’s innocent.” DON'T MISS...The Masked Singer's Phoenix 'exposed' as Scottish comedian [THEORY]Blue Bloods’ Frank Reagan ‘to fire’ grandson after protocol break [THEORY]Blue Bloods’ Erin and Anthony ‘lose touch’ after DA success [INSIGHT] Listening to her gut feeling, Eddie stated: “There is something about this case,” but Erin chimed: “With you, there’s always something about every case, every time. “You’ve overstepped on so many levels, I don’t even know where to begin.” As Eddie pleaded: “Erin if you just take a look at …” the promising DA interrupted: “I think you should go back to patrol, Eddie, I’ve got this.” With her campaign for district attorney still underway, it looks as though Erin could have too much on her plate without anyone else adding to her mounting tasks.  As well as Eddie's instance to help out on the case, Erin could also be dealing with her ex-husband Jack Boyle’s (Peter Hermann) return. His comeback was teased in September, with a photo of them enjoying an arcade game. There could be more trouble on the show as the synopsis reads: “Danny and Baez race against the clock to catch a serial killer targeting young women. “Erin and Eddie clash when Eddie intervenes in a murder case and Erin's personal life. “Frank must decide how to discipline his grandson.” Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be released. 