Kate, Princess of Wales, left everyone in stitches with her brilliant response after being mistaken for Prince William's aide during a visit. The couple were in-person visiting Shire Hall Care Home in Cardiff in August 2021, entertaining the home's residents with a bingo game during the lockdown via video conference. They read out the numbers via video link and returned to the care home to ask if the residents had enjoyed the game. Resident Joan Drew-Smith, 87, then pointed at Kate and asked William: "Is that your assistant?" Kate broke into laughter upon hearing the resident's question and delivered a masterful five word response that left everyone else in stitches. With a deft touch and laughing, she turned to William and said: "Well, I am your assistant." She added: "I have been for a long time!"  The couple are returned to Wales on Saturday to attend the rugby Six Nations clash between Wales and England at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff, the palace confirmed. Kate and William faced off during the game as the two will be cheering on for different teams. While Prince William serves as the patron of the Welsh Rugby Union, Kate replaced Prince Harry as the patron of the English Rugby Football Union last year. Kate took the role seriously and joined a training session for some of the rugby players at Twickenham Stadium. The Princess of Wales couldn’t help but chuckle as she was lifted. She then displayed her athletic skills by deftly grabbing the ball and passing it to a player below. After the successful play, Kate was lauded with cheers and clapping. READ MORE: You fans 'work out' Kate's ties to one of Joe's victims Kate's team emerged victorious last year when England defeated Wales at Twickenham Stadium. Prince George also attended the event - it remains unclear which team the 9-year-old will be cheering for. When asked if he would support England or Wales in the World Cup last year, William, who succeeded his grandmother Queen Elizabeth as the Prince of Wales in September, responded diplomatically - wishing both teams luck. In his role as President of the Football Association, William is the leader of the English soccer scene and a fervent supporter of that team - so much so that he famously took his son Prince George to the European Championship final in July 2021. He said at the time: "I support both. I support England more in the football but Wales in the rugby. When I was growing up, Wales didn't get through to the tournaments. Getting to the World Cup is a big deal, and I'll be supporting Wales through the process." DON'T MISS:Meghan and Kate pitted against each other in latest South Park [REPORT] Meghan's wedding dress was 'safer' than Kate's ‘royal’ gown [REPORT] Kate and William to 'extend hand of friendship' to Harry at Coronation [REPORT] Since they’re both rooting for different teams, only one will leave the stadium with bragging rights. The couple is known for challenging each other in competitions. The couple tested their ability to mix drinks while travelling to Northern Ireland in October 2022. They couldn't help but get into some friendly rivalry while visiting Trademark, a brand-new outdoor street food and shop market in Belfast. They had to whip up a pink cocktail as quickly as they could. The two competed in a race to the finish line while pouring and shaking cocktails to see who could get there first. Their official Twitter account published a video of the competition, asking: "Who did it better?" The Six Nations rugby match opposing Wales and England will start at 4:45 pm. READ NEXT:Royal Family went against age-old mantra to show support for UkraineKate 'made mistake' with 'controversial' and 'inhumane' look Queen Letizia channels Kate in pink but some say 'looks like a robe'Kate's words to William as she taps his bottom in rare PDA at BAFTAsInside Kate and William's idyllic Norfolk retreat