Liverpool players will not need any extra motivation for tomorrow's Champions League clash against Real Madrid, but the tie holds even more meaning for both Trent Alexander-Arnold and Mohamed Salah. Liverpool were on the verge of history just mere months ago towards the end of last season before their hopes collapsed in devastating fashion in both the Premier League and Champions League. The league title was always a long shot and dependent on Manchester City dropping points against Aston Villa, but there was genuine hope that a seventh Champions League trophy was heading back to Merseyside. Liverpool had won all-but two of their 12 European matches up until the final and Jurgen Klopp had a fully-fit squad to choose from. But the Reds came up against an inspired Thibaut Courtois with the Belgian proving unbeatable in Real's goal. Liverpool had peppered their opponent's goal with Salah doing everything apart from finding the back of the net. In the end, Liverpool finished with 24 shots on goal to Real's four, but the Spanish side proved more clinical when it mattered most. Federico Valverde was given space down Real's right wing to pick out a low-driven cross towards the far post, where Vinicius Jr had snuck behind Trent Alexander-Arnold to score the game's only goal.  It put the England international under the spotlight once again for his lapse in concentration. The Liverpool defender has batted away some heavy scrutiny over his defensive abilities ever since and they were seemingly part of the reason why he dropped out of favour with Gareth Southgate for England's World Cup campaign. For both Salah and Alexander-Arnold, Tuesday night's game at Anfield is a chance at redemption from nine months ago. The Egypt international appears to have hit top form at just the right moment with a brilliant assist for Cody Gakpo against Newcastle on Saturday.  Alexander-Arnold also answered several questions on his defensive abilities against the Magpies in a difficult battle with Allan Saint-Maximin. Vinicius will prove to be a different challenge altogether to Saint-Maximin, but Alexander-Arnold will head into the contest with added confidence. Meanwhile, Salah will want to banish his previous record against the Spanish giants with the attacker scoring just once in six games against Real and losing on five separate occasions. For Liverpool to win on Tuesday and put themselves in a strong position to progress to the quarter-finals, Klopp will need his full squad to be on top form. But the performances of both Alexander-Arnold and Salah could end up defining which way the result goes.