Amanda Owen's new show on More4 has been praised by fans as they tuned into Farming Life. It comes after Our Yorkshire Farm was cancelled following her split from estranged husband Clive Owen. The mum-of-nine, from Huddersfield, has been living in Ravenseat in the Yorkshire Dales for many years and remains there despite her marriage split. Her Yorkshire accent can be heard in the new More4 show but some viewers were left confused about her voice overs. Fans took to social media and questioned Amanda's accent with some claiming that she sounded "posh". In the latest episode which aired on Wednesday, Amanda went to visit the Rickard family in Newport in south Wales. READ MORE: Lucy Alexander addresses 'being out of a job' after BBC show exit Social media users questioned her accent, as @jon.palmer543 said: "Amanda. Where has your accent gone?" @Wilsdonannemarie noticed the voice change too as she added: "Really lovely and such a soft, mellifluous voiceover, well done." @BeverleyPotts added: "Why are you trying to speak posh, we love your normal accent." Others praised the new programme. @Darlington_James said: "Love this programme. I think you are wonderful for the farming community."  Twitter user @Pabrown9154 added: "Great programme I enjoy watching it so much." @veg_patch_jac said: "Loving the show and seeing how other farms are surviving." The on-screen star shocked fans earlier this week as she shared pictures of her “crumbling” Ravenseat farm. Amanda has experienced several property setbacks in recent months, and recent turbulent weather conditions has made conditions increasingly difficult. DON'T MISS... Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon refused entry to Marc Jacobs show[LATEST]Vicky McClure finally addresses inappropriate premiere dress[TV]John Torode admits 'I disappear' in marriage to wife Lisa Faulkner[EXCLUSIVE] She shared some photos from her current project as she's been attempting to restore the property. Sharing a snap of her broken down wall, Amanda, 48, wrote: "A bright but cold day for some running repairs. Every year the combination of wind, snow, ice & sodden ground brings down walls. "This is a particularly bad wall that takes rather a lot of upkeep but so long as we keep gapping it will remain stock proof." In a series of follow-up snaps, the shepherdess showed the wall being repaired. Fans flocked to comment on the post, as David wrote: "So glad many are properly maintained. I love them and like that future generations will be able to." Joanne commented: "My husband, Reuben, is a dry stone waller, not the best job at this time of the year, but needs must!" Roger remarked: "You do a fantastic job well done to you and your family." "That's a job very well done. There's always something to do on your farm to keep you busy," Kim added. Amanda Owen's Extraordinary Farming Lives airs Wednesday on More4 at 9pm.