Chicago PD fans have reason to celebrate next week as the hit series reaches an incredible 200 episode milestone. Unfortunately, viewers were also left concerned after a tense promo for next week’s instalment on NBC teased the possible death of long-running officer Kim Burgess (played by Marina Squerciati). Burgess was left losing consciousness with no help in sight in the latest teaser for Chicago PD. The hit series will return next week for its 200th episode, and fans are concerned the series will pull out all the stops for this huge achievement. In the promo, Burgess spots a man, Jamie Bagley (Tireni Oyenusi), who’s bleeding from his chest boarding the Chicago subway. However, the man seems reluctant to accept her help as it was revealed he was involved in a shooting. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore The case takes a turn for the worse when the L train malfunctions, throwing Burgess off her feet. Her situation doesn’t improve, it seems, as later she’s struggling to breath with no one around her in a dark carriage. Fellow officer and her ex-fiancé Adam Ruzek (Patrick John Flueger) calls out to her, but will he be able to reach her before she succumbs to whatever injuries she may have sustained? A synopsis for the episode reads: “After a brutal shooting, Burgess and Ruzek find themselves trapped aboard the busy ‘L’ subway train. “As they piece together scant evidence, the team is drawn into a dark family drama. Burgess’ proximity to the shooting triggers harsh memories.” NBC hasn’t confirmed anything regarding Squerciati’s departure from the show, but this hasn’t stopped fans from getting concerned about her potential demise. When the clip was posted on YouTube, Liliana Santoy asked: “Why we always gotta fear for Kim’s safety? Really excited for the 200th episode.” User Nate demanded: "Why is it always Burgess who’s in trouble or looks like [they’re] going to kill off? Poor Burgess!” DON'T MISS:Carnival Row stars tease new monster in ‘gory’ final season [EXCLUSIVE]African Queen’s Jada Pinkett Smith inspired by Willow for Netflix doc [INSIGHT]My 600lb Life’s Wess ‘transformed’ by dropping five jean sizes [LATEST] “Kim needs a damn break why they always gotta put her in danger,” Miriam Cross said. On Twitter, @chenfordhugs posted ominous skull emojis and said: “Oh God no. Kim at the centre of this milestone episode.” “Attention, Burgess in danger again,” @krzysztof_pauli said. “[She] needs our help as we watch the 200th episode.” And @RadioKatie1 fumed: “WHY IS IT ALWAYS BURGESS!!? LEAVE KIM ALONE!” Burgess has built up a track record of injuries and trauma over the previous nine seasons of Chicago PD, and apparently the latest outing won’t be any different. From getting shot back in season two and losing her baby in season seven, the dedicated officer has enough trauma to fill the entire Chicago police station. Thankfully, she’s also proved herself to be one of the most resilient members of the force, so hopefully she’ll manage to make it out of her latest crisis unscathed. Chicago PD season 10 continues Thursdays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.