And last week one of these items of data escaped from Whitehall. The figure was for output-per-person in the public sector, which is what we economists call productivity. It measures how much each worker on the public payroll produced. Obviously, you have to make lots of assumptions to make such a calculation, though the UK figures are generally considered better than most. What the new figures showed was that far from making up some of the ground lost during the Covid period, productivity in the public sector actually fell, by as much as 1.3 percent,  in the autumn of last year compared with the previous quarter. And in the previous quarter itself, the productivity of the public sector was already 6.8 percent lower than three years earlier pre covid. If you allow for the fact that pre-Covid public sector productivity was actually rising, the latest figure is 8.6 percent lower than it would have been had the modest growth in public service productivity post-2010 continued. This implies that the cost of providing public services is £74bn a year higher than it would have had productivity remained at its pre-Covid level. This is by far the biggest cause of the UK’s ongoing fiscal problem, leading to high taxes which themselves depress growth and exacerbate the difficulty of raising taxes to pay for the public services. The maths are such that, with each penny on income tax raising about £6bn, had this £74bn not had to be spent to cover weak public sector efficiency, all rates of income taxes could be reduced by 12p in the pound bringing the basic rate down from 20p to 8p in the point, the higher rate from 40p to 28p and the additional rate from 45p to 33p. Rates of tax as low as that would seriously turbocharge the economy. There are of course plenty of excuses that might be made for this inefficiency, some of them with a degree of justification. As mentioned above, public sector productivity is hard to measure. The eminent and late economist Sir Anthony Atkinson was commissioned by Gordon Brown when he was Chancellor to try to improve measures of public service productivity a few years ago and his report led to many changes. But intrinsically it is hard to put a price on services in the public sector and we discovered during lockdown that some of the measures could be distorted. And the statistics currently available are described by the ONS as “experimental”. Making people working in public sector more productive is harder than in the private sector. Employees are unionised and no one will thank a politician who sacks public sector employees for being unproductive if the result is that services like health education or policing aren’t provided at all. In the private sector employees who are not pulling their weight can easily be identified. Less so in public services. And in any case, the private sector itself isn’t doing that well, although nowhere near as badly as the public sector. The latest data shows that productivity (output per person) in the whole economy was only 0.3 percent higher in Q3 2022 than three years earlier. There is a widespread presumption that working from home has not been helpful to public sector management. Agencies such as the Passport Office and the DVLA have been widely castigated including a fascinating story by a Times journalist who worked undercover in DVLA and found widespread abuses from people working at home. So while it is easy to identify the problem, sorting out it out is not easy. Hawkish ministers like Jacob Rees Mogg do not appear to have managed to turn the problem around despite clearly (judging by their public statements) being fully aware of the problems. Cebr’s research for Virgin Business Media pointed to how various parts of the public sector including health, education, justice, defence, and public administration could dramatically transform their performance by digitising services. Increases in productivity worth £236bn in both the public and private sectors were identified as achievable. There are two caveats: first, investment has to take place in the tech to digitise these services and second, in some cases the services need to be reconfigured to make them digitisable. Neither is easy. But with the costs of weak productivity in the public sector not only holding back growth in itself but causing high taxes that inhibit growth in the private sector, this task, however difficult, seems to have moved to the top of the agenda. Without an efficient public sector either services will need to be cut back or taxes will have to rise further. Neither is appealing.