The head of Epsom College has been found dead along with her husband and seven-year-old daughter on a property on school grounds. The dead bodies of Emma Pattison (45), her husband George (39) and their daughter Lettie were found in the early hours of Sunday morning.  Surrey Police said they were called to the property by South East Coast Ambulance Service at around 1.10 am (GMT) on Sunday. However, the police said that they are “confident that this is an isolated incident with no third-party involvement”. Detective Chief Inspector Kimball Edey said: "On behalf of Surrey Police, my team, and I, I first want to express my sincerest condolences to the friends and family of Emma, Lettie and George, as well as to the students and staff of Epsom College, for their tragic loss. "I want to give my assurance that we will conduct a thorough investigation into what took place last night, and hope to be able to bring some peace in these traumatic circumstances.   “I would ask that their privacy is respected at this very difficult time." Ms Pattison joined Epsom College as headteacher in September. She was previously heading Croydon High School in south London and deputy head of St John’s School Leatherhead. Dr Alastair Wells, Chair of the Board of Governors at Epsom College, said: “On behalf of everyone at Epsom College, I want to convey our utter shock and disbelief at this tragic news. READ MORE: Archaeologist's 'eyes lit up' after discovering Kind Edward III coins  “Our immediate thoughts and condolences are with Emma’s family, friends and loved ones, and to the many pupils and colleagues whose lives she enriched throughout her distinguished career. “Emma was a wonderful teacher, but most of all she was a delightful person. “In time we will commemorate Emma and her family, in the appropriate way, and in line with the wishes of her family. “But for now, we ask that we are all given the time, space and respect we need to come to terms with this tragic loss.” DON'T MISS:British soldiers brave blistering cold with -12C  [REVEAL]Young fisherman drowned after going overboard  [SPOTLIGHT]Mother ‘gutted’ as thief caught on CCTV stealing flowers  [INSIGHT] Dr Wells in an email to the parents also said that the College will come together on Monday morning at the usual time. It read: “Chapel services will take place throughout the morning; Housemasters, housemistresses and the head of lower school will be on hand to offer immediate support and comfort; and we will have additional counsellors on site for any member of the community - pupils and staff - who needs to talk, grieve or be supported.” The three deaths have been reported to the coroner. Epsom College was established in 1853 and granted Royal Approval in 1855. It was named Independent School Of The Year in October 2022 It offers day and boarding school education for girls and boys aged 11-18, as a total of 1,098 pupils are enrolled at Epsom College, as of November 2022. 