Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, has been the talk of Hollywood this week when a picture circulated of the actor sitting with a young Israeli model, Eden Polani, 19. The rumoured romance came under heavy scrutiny due to the 19-year age gap between the pair, prompting Leonardo to deny claims they were dating. Eden has since deleted her Instagram amidst the Hollywood drama. Despite Leo's denial, Eden seemingly was keen to avoid further scrutiny on Instagram by removing her page. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Eden for comment. Eden was pictured arriving in New York alone at JFK, just hours after a source close to Leo furiously denied that the pair were "dating". The French Israeli model had around 230,000 Instagram followers and was rapidly gaining numbers after she was photographed with the Titanic actor. She also took to Instagram, hours before deleting her account, to share a story of a New York hotel, captioned: "Long time no see." READ MORE: Bond Girl Gemma Arterton admits she welcomed first child in December Speaking to TMZ, Leo's source slammed claims of a romance between the pair, who sparked rumours after being pictured together at a music party in Los Angeles. The source said that Leo just "happened to have been seated" next to the young model and that the duo were simply hanging in the same group at the party. TMZ reported the source to say: "Just because Leo might be talking to or sitting with a girl doesn't mean he's dating her." A source further confirmed to Page Six: "There is zero truth to this. He was seated next to [Polani] at a music party, along with many other people. "It's just silly. Leo clearly can't be dating every single person that [he's] in a room with." This all comes in the wake of the ongoing controversy around Leo's dating habits, with many fans famously noticing that he tends not to date women who are over 25. He even split with his last serious girlfriend, Camilla Morrone, weeks before she hit the milestone age. His current girlfriend Victoria Lamas, 23, was seemingly missing from the event, with her being 25 years Leo's junior. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears 'mortified' by mishap as she poses in see-through dress [INSTAGRAM] Michaeol Douglas visits fathers grave to mark anniversary of death [HOLLYWOOD] Ben Affleck sternly declines to comment on 'row' with Jennifer Lopez [COMMENT] He recently sparked romance rumours with model Gigi Hadid, 27, after he broke up with his long-term girlfriend Camilla in August. Leo met Camilla in December 2017 when she was 20 and he was 43. They were then spotted together at Coachella and went on multiple holidays as a pair, with reports claiming Leo was going to ask Camilla to marry him. The couple made their red carpet debut at the 2020 Academy Awards, but broke up two years later. Speaking about their 23-year age gap, Camilla told the Los Angeles Times in 2019: "There are so many relationships in Hollywood — and in the history of the world — where people have large age gaps. "I just think anyone should be able to date who they want to date." This comes as Leo's production company Appian Way has been reported to be working on the film adaptation of Stephen King's bestseller Billy Summers. Deadline reported that the project was originally going to be a 10-episode miniseries, but it was decided the book would work better as a feature-length film.