Chelsea have been warned that Mason Mount would “bite your arm off” to leave Stamford Bridge in the summer if his contract dispute cannot be resolved. The England star has less than 18 months left on his current Blues deal and negotiations have been shelved after a compromise could not be reached. Mount reportedly is looking for a salary in line with the top earners at the club, alongside some of the new additions that have joined Chelsea for big money since Todd Boehly and co took charge last year. As the Blues could sanction a sale for Mount if a new contract cannot be agreed upon, Liverpool have been linked with a move for the 24-year-old in a bid to solve their midfield issues. Former Chelsea and Liverpool defender Glen Johnson has claimed that while Mount’s Blues career is not yet over, the Reds would “bite your arm off” to bring him to Anfield and that the feeling is mutual. “Mason Mount could definitely revive his career at Liverpool,” Johnson told OLBG. “He still has a chance at Chelsea too, the bigger players need to raise their games. So the door is not shut on his Chelsea career yet, but Liverpool would bite your arm off to get him and Mount would probably do the same to play for Liverpool.” Mount has been a mainstay in the Chelsea team in recent years and his performances in previous seasons will have played a part in his demands, though the midfielder’s form may have deserted him at the worst possible time. He has not been the only Blues player to face criticism for an underwhelming season as Graham Potter’s side currently languish in tenth place in the Premier League table, but has found himself dropped from the team in recent weeks. Potter has preferred Kai Havertz and Joao Felix up front together, though in a much-changed side Mount was restored to the team in their 1-0 defeat to Southampton. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Mount has been told that Newcastle would be a “perfect” move for him and there have been links with Manchester United, though Liverpool are currently the most likely team to make a play for him. The under-pressure Chelsea boss has admitted that he is not involved in the negotiations regarding a potential new contract for Mount, but hopes that talks can be concluded swiftly, though the last update ensures that a breakthrough is unlikely to be reached in the near future. “I think it is always complicated, there is always negotiation,” Potter said last week. “It’s best I leave it between Mason and the club. He’s been fantastic to work with, an important player for us. I hope it gets resolved quickly.”