LeBron James and Novak Djokovic may play completely different sports, but they're both still at the top of their game and considered as the greatest of all-time in their specific fields by many. James recently declared after becoming the all-time NBA points record holder that he was "the best" NBA player ever, and Djokovic has since claimed he holds the same mentality. Djokovic sees himself in James, after claiming that he shares the same mentality as the Los Angeles Lakers star. The Serbian tennis star is tied with Rafael Nadal for holding the most grand slam titles in the history of the sport, but is expected to become the outright record holder this year. James is also in a league of his own in the NBA, after surpassing Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's long-lasting points record - with many expecting it to never be broken again. Sporting icons all share similar traits as none of them have got to where they are without dedication and professionalism. However, some are more humble about it while others go the extra mile, and both James and Djokovic are in the latter. After surpassing Abdul-Jabbar's record, James said that he believed he was the greatest player to ever grace the NBA. "I feel like I’m the best basketball player that ever played the game," James said. "That’s just my confidence, that’s just what I bring to the table." It's hard to argue with James following his achievement, but many still debate the topic as Michael Jordan is the other main contender. In tennis, Djokovic shares the 'best ever' comparisons with Roger Federer, Nadal and Pete Sampras, but he too feels as though he can relate to James' comments. "Yes, I can relate to that because I believe that what worked for me and still works for me is that self-belief and confidence level," he said to The National. "Of course always balanced with the respect towards the opponent, towards the game, appreciation for the moment and for what you’re going through. "But just self-belief that, hey, I know that when I’m ready, when I’m there out on the court, on any surface, against anybody, I’m better, I’m the best. And I don’t think there’s anything arrogant or pretentious about it. "I don’t see anything wrong in that. And I congratulate LeBron for his historic achievement, he absolutely deserves it because at this age, he works as hard as anybody really out there. And that’s a great role model and a great example to all the young guys." Djokovic matched Nadal's record of 22 grand slams when winning the Australian Open this year, and shows no signs of slowing down. With the Spaniard struggling with injury towards the end of his career, Djokovic could soon take over.