Everton boss Sean Dyche has confirmed Neal Maupay was sent off in a discreet behind-closed-doors friendly with National League side Stockport County. The Frenchman, who has a history of petulance in English football, allegedly received his marching orders following a "silly spat". Nonetheless, his manager Dyche has no issue with his passion and fire as the Toffees head coach denied that the red card influenced his decision to start Ellis Simms in the Merseyside derby defeat at Liverpool. “Absolutely not, no. Only a silly spat over something nonsensical," Dyche said of the ordeal. “That wouldn’t have any say in playing or not playing. I know who Neal is. As in he’s got a little bit of fire in him…I quite like that actually.” Maupay has been short of form since arriving at Goodison Park in August for a fee worth in the region of £15million. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light The former Brighton and Brentford man has managed just one goal in 17 outings to date, a strike rate that he will be desperately looking to improve between now and May. Yet even with Dominic Calvert-Lewin struggling for fitness, Maupay seems to find himself out of the fold - something that was also the case under Frank Lampard. Under the previous regime, Lampard even fielded Anthony Gordon and Demarai Gray in a central role over picking the Frenchman. But Dyche has been keen to hand every Everton player the chance to wipe the slate clean since being appointed as the club's new manager. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race There is no better example of that than Abdoulaye Doucoure, who covered more ground than any player on the pitch in the 1-0 win over Arsenal earlier this month. Doucoure had been forced to train away from the main squad under Lampard but has since been reinstated into the side as part of Everton's quest for survival. Dyche wants to see his players play with more fight on the battlefield after they proved a soft touch against Liverpool on Monday night at Anfield. Midfielder Idrissa Gana Gueye later declared the Toffees were "too nice" during the encounter as Liverpool picked up a rare victory. “Nowadays when was the last time you saw a thunderous tackle? I can’t remember one," Dyche declared. “So when you talk about physicality, it’s more of an edge, it’s like defining just the margins. “A nick nowadays, breaking a passing lane can be just as big as a big tackle, and they did that better than us (Liverpool), especially in the last 15 minutes of the first half. “Generally they did it a bit better, not in patches, but in that little spell, the goal comes out of nowhere, it is bound to put you a little bit out. “The physical output was good, the physical demands of our training regime has been higher for them statistically, so we have to take that into consideration. “Bodies readjusting to the different demands, varying demands. The game’s style demands are different in terms of output. “So maybe you catch them on a day when it’s not quite that physical, or high, our job is to align that obviously, to make them cope with it more regularly.”