In a revealing interview, the musician explained that he felt "bummed out" describing it as a "very difficult time in [his] life". Speaking to MOJO Magazine in 2021, McCartney shared how "someone was going to take every penny we'd ever made", which caused him great distress. "That wasn't easy, and led to a very difficult time in my life," he said. "I definitely self-medicated there, and drank more than I ever had and probably more than I ever have since." Reflecting back on his drinking habits, McCartney previously said he "overdid it". "I think I was just trying to escape in my own mind," McCartney added. "I had the freedom to have a drink whenever I fancied it." His then-wife, Linda, intervened, telling him to "cool it", which he eventually did. READ MORE: 'He's not going to last' Man's organs fail after catching Avian flu on skiing holiday In another discussion with British GQ, in 2020, McCartney spoke about pulling himself out of depression. "It’s funny, I remember when I first met Linda, she was divorced with a child and living in New York and having to fend for herself," he began. "She said, 'You know what? I’m not going to have this depression, because if I do I’m going to be in the hands of other people. "'And I’m not going to allow that to happen'. So she sort of picked herself up by her bootstraps and said, 'I’ve got to get out of this myself.' "And I think that was what I was able to do, to get out of the depression by saying, 'OK, this is really bad and I’ve got to do something about it.' So I did." McCartney said his way of fighting depression is "almost by being [his own] psychiatrist". When self-deprecating thoughts pop into his mind, he will challenge them. "You say, 'This is not cool. You’re not as bad as you think you are'." READ MORE: Expert recommends seven 'cholesterol-busting' foods - will lower risk of heart disease In an enlightening example, McCartney showcased how he adjusts his negative thoughts. "Any time you write a song, you’re going, 'This is crap. This is terrible. Come on'," he said. "So I kick myself and say, 'Get it better. If it’s terrible, get it better'. "And sometimes someone will come along, someone whom you respect, and say, 'No, that’s great. Don’t worry about that'. "And then show you a side to it that you didn’t notice and then you’ll go, 'Oh, yeah'." McCartney, 80, acknowledged it's a "common phenomenon", no matter who you are and what you have achieved. Speaking about fellow artist Lady Gaga, who was "at the top of her game [and] massively popular", she too opened up about self-loathing to him. He replied to her: "I kind of know what you mean, but I’m not allowing that. I’m not having that. It’s not a road I want to go down."