Majorca has been smashed by a freakish winter storm, with a massive 20 inches of snow burying the country that has wrecked havoc on roads and power networks. Local weather officials have issued a rare red weather warning for the second day in a row as another massive 15 inches of snow could fall in the next 24 hours. Storm Juliette barrelled into the popular holiday hotspot on Sunday, with blizzard and freezing weather shutting roads and knocking out power for dozens of towns. Spain's meteorological agency AEMET has warned waves as high as 26ft and 55mph winds could smash into coastal regions in northern Mallorca. The country's primary weather service has now issued a red weather warning for snow today with the possibility of 15 inches of snow being dumped on the Serra de Tramuntana mountain range in the north of the island within 24 hours. AEMET has initially forecast 16 inches of snow to fall by early this morning but instead more than 20 inches smothered the town of Valldemossa, where temperatures plunged to below freezing. The sudden bombardment of snow has knocked out power in dozens of towns across Majorca, including in Valldemossa, Alaró, Vilafranca and Port d'Alcúdia. The huge snowfall has also sparked chaos for motorists, forced up to 15 roads to be closed in the Serra de Tramuntana region. Worse still, AEMET has also issued an amber warning for rainfall, warning a massive 100mm could drown the same area. Over the past 24 hours, the highest recorded rainfall - 128.4mm - has been recorded in Pollença on the north of the island. Orange and yellow weather warnings have been activated for the remainder of Majorca, with winds of more than than 40mph and rain topping three inches possible in some areas. The party island of Ibiza has also been hit by snow, with an active yellow weather warning in place amid fears of 13ft waves hitting. There are also active orange weather warnings in place on neighbouring Menorca for winds of 55mph that has forced the closure of Port Maó. Storm Juliette smashed into Spain yesterday, leaving many areas throughout the country covered in heavy snow. AEMET said the brutal storm will continue causing freezing temperatures and bitterly cold winds winds across the country and Balearic Islands until Thursday. DON'T MISSMet Office issues warning as 'disruptive snow' set to batter UK [LATEST]Maps show exact moment -15C freeze to bring snow to Britian [MAPS]Exact day winter's brutal -5C revenge to bring snow and gales to UK [REPORT] Meanwhile, several other parts of Europe have been battered by snowstorms, including in Croatia, where people were stranded in their cars and power was cut off in parts of the country. Serbia has also been left without power and cut railway traffic to neighbouring Montenegro. Back in the UK, millions of Britons are braced for an "Arctic surge" and the possibility of "disruptive snowfall" in a matter of days. Brian Gaze from The Weather Outlook told Express.co.uk: "An Arctic plunge is expected to start sweeping southwards across the UK this weekend. Initially it leads to an increasing risk of snow showers in north eastern Britain. "Computer models are showing the likelihood of cold air covering the UK early next week and the possibility of areas of low pressure starting to push up from the southwest. "If the mild and moist air associated with the low pressure areas bumps into the cold air over the UK it could lead to a battleground scenario and disruptive snow fall. "However, the area of snow would be quite small so trying to pinpoint where it would hit at this range isn't possible but on balance, it is more likely to be in the northern half of the UK." 