Jeremy Clarkson claimed in a new interview that Kaleb "doesn't know anything" about "the fame game", adding that he has urged him not to take up corporate sponsorships in case it affects his credibility. His Clarkson's Farm co-star Kaleb Cooper was blasted three years ago for promoting McDonald's, with fans shaming him for being a "sell-out" - and Jeremy has now weighed in on the debate during an explosive new interview. "For every £100 you earn commercially, you'll lose, in the long-term, £100,000," he insisted, warning that Kaleb needs to be "very careful". Pointing to his own 40-year career in the industry as a reference point, he added: "[If] you pay for your car, you pay for your watch, you pay for your shoes, you pay for everything, [then] no one can ever accuse you of taking the corporate shilling." Despite admitting that the life of a farmer can be economically gruelling, the 62-year-old revealed he firmly believes in his technique for maintaining a credible image. He advised Kaleb, who at 24 is 38 years his junior, to avoid accepting lucrative sponsorships and freebies, telling him that his own refusal to do so is the reason he is "still here". Three years ago, the young farmer took on a sponsorship with McDonalds, appearing in a divisive advert which saw him accused of being a "sell-out" as critics claimed McDonald’s hasn’t consistently been an environmentally conscious company. READ NOW: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass David in pancake post The 21-year-old collaborated with the fast food giant after rising to fame due to his Amazon Prime show with Jeremy. The advert he created with the brand saw him driving a McDonald's delivery truck while yelling "The power of fries!" out of the window at top volume - and some saw his venture as "embarrassing". In the video, he declared to the world that he'd "left the tractors and the countryside behind" to investigate the "very interesting thing" McDonald's had been doing with its trucks. “I love fries and I love the environment. How can the two possibly be linked?" he quizzed a brand rep, only to find that the biofuel was being used in an eco-friendly project. McDonald’s Sustainability Officer Sasha Segar revealed: “Used cooking oil is then converted into biodiesel that powers more than half of our delivery trucks.” "More than half?" the incredulous Clarkson's Farm exclaimed, before taking one of the delivery trucks for a spin. However, the "cheesy" advert received a backlash on Instagram, with studiolinedesigns_ commenting: “Don’t sell your soul to the devil." @chris.chaddock.7 had similar sentiments, blasting: "Swapped milking cows for milking the gravy train I see………..such a shame you’ve sold your soul. DON'T MISS... Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST] Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES] Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE]  “Dare I say, bet you have an agent and someone running your social media for you as well.” However, not everyone had a negative outlook on the post, as @davengeorgia asked: "Why are people hating on Kaleb? "So what - he made an ad with McDonald's and got paid for it. Congratulations to the man, he has a family to provide for!" the Instagrammer defended. Meanwhile, back on the Performance People podcast, Jeremy acknowledged: "Commercial activities are very tempting when you're 22 or 23, and people come along [and offer you money, but] I would say you need to be very careful." "Once you've got credibility, once you start messing around with people's heads... it's tricky. It's so easy to be swayed," he continued. "How many presenters have you seen that take corporate shilling and last 18 months? "Think of all those household names. They come along, they open a load of supermarkets and they're gone!" Jeremy advised Kaleb to stick to his "skillset" - farming - and told him he thought he needed to be "real, honest and sensible" to achieve ultimate longevity. Later in the podcast, he raised eyebrows when he revealed he has "never had a single ambition in my life".