Chelsea may pay the price for jeopardising their working relationship with Paris Saint-Germain after a last-gasp loan move for Hakim Ziyech went south on transfer deadline day. The Ligue 1 giants are said to be fuming by the way things panned out as the Blues failed to send over the correct documents on time. Ziyech was supposedly desperate to move to PSG with his game time prospects looking bleak at Chelsea. Noni Madueke and Mykhaylo Mudryk had been added to an already competitive group of wingers, prompting the Moroccan to jump at the chance of a move elsewhere. He was all set to join PSG on loan for the rest of the season, having made the trip to France and even completed his medical, but Chelsea sent over incorrect paperwork twice. By the time the Blues sent over a corrected version, the deadline had already passed and Ziyech's move was rendered impossible. According to a Sky Sports source, PSG could cut professional ties with Chelsea completely over the saga, which was described as a 'shambles'. With the knock-on effects of Chelsea's gaffe looming large, Express Sport takes you through three stars that may now be out of bounds in the transfer market... MUST READ: Four options to replace Jesse Marsch at Leeds with Elland Road cheifs 'considering sack' The flying forward has more than two years left on his mega-money PSG deal, but he has flirted with an exit in the past and rumours of discontent earlier this season only fuelled speculation that he could soon move on to pastures new. Valued at a colossal £160million, there aren't many in world football that could even think about putting together an offer for Mbappe, but Todd Boehly's free-spending Chelsea are certainly one of them. Until deadline day, that is, as the Blues' mishap may have cost them a shot at the 24-year-old, who has 35 goals in 37 games for club and country this term. DON'T MISS...Man Utd are still putting eggs in De Jong basket despite Sabitzer dealTottenham axe Doherty before Atletico move due to niche transfer ruleMan Utd 'want three summer signings' as Ten Hag plots more action Chelsea boss Graham Potter has two credible options between the sticks. Edouard Mendy was a sensation after signing from Rennes, making an instant impact and contributing to a sensational Champions League triumph in 2021, but he has been limited to just eight Premier League starts this campaign. The unlikely comeback of Kepa Arrizabalaga is partly why, although the Spaniard still worries some Blues supporters due to his error-prone past. If Boehly and co do ever decide to go big for a new goalkeeper, they don't come much more sought-after than Donnarumma, but angering the Parisians may mean the Italian is off limits. As Ben Chilwell battles with injury and Marc Cucurella struggles to get up to speed since his big-money switch from Brighton in the summer, going after a new left-back at the end of the season may not be out of the question for Chelsea. PSG youngster Nuno Mendes will top plenty of wish lists in that department, with one goal and three assists from just eight Ligue 1 starts this campaign. As with his two aforementioned team-mates, however, a clumsy deadline-day debacle leave Chelsea's chances of luring him away from Ligue 1 remote.