New research from property purchasing specialist, House Buyer Bureau, has revealed that some sellers are luring in buyers by significantly reducing the asking price of their home. The latest data suggests sellers in Britain are, on average, reducing their asking prices by 19.8 percent. Meanwhile, those in Scotland are reducing their asking prices even further by a whopping 21.3 percent. However, the South East of England is home to the largest proportion of homes with a reduced asking price. House Buyer Bureau analysed the latest data on asking price reduction across the market in Britain. The property specialists looked at where is home to the most homes for sale with a reduced asking price and which areas are seeing the largest price reductions. The research shows that the average price of a reduced property currently on the market across Britain is £303,533. READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito  The North East is also home to one of the largest average asking price reductions, with homes seeing a 21.1 percent reduction, followed by Wales (20.8 percent), the West Midlands (20.6 percent) and East Midlands (20.5 percent). But where do buyers stand the best chance of snagging a reduced price property? The South East has the highest proportion of asking price reduced properties, accounting for 21 percent of current market listings with a price reduction. However, the average price of a reduced property in the South East is still pricey at £339,047. DON'T MISSFive paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [INSIGHT]Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [UPDATE]Expert shares how to keep inheriting property 'cheap and easy' [ANALYSIS] London also ranks high with the second highest proportion of asking price reduced properties at 15 percent, followed by the North West (12 percent), East of England (11 percent) and South West (10 percent). While homes in Scotland are seeing the biggest reduction in price, this only accounts for two percent of current market listings. But it’s good news for buyers looking to bag a bargain in Scotland as the average reduced price property is just £106,623. Buyers could also get a good deal in the North East (£110,465), North West (£156,147), Wales (£172,373) and Yorkshire and the Humber (£142,221). READ MORE: Common garden feature can add £10,000 to your property's value Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Despite sellers reducing the asking price of their homes by 19.3 percent in London on average, the average asking price is still a whopping £678,912. Managing director of House Buyer Bureau, Chris Hodgkinson, said the property market has “certainly slowed” in recent months. He explained: “The market has certainly slowed in recent months and as a result, we’re simply not seeing the same frantic activity from buyers offering way above the odds just to secure their chosen property. “However, what’s clear from these latest figures is that many sellers haven’t yet accepted this fact and are continuing to enter the market at a very high price point, far above the average sold price benchmark. “It’s this unrealistic expectation that is forcing them to drop their asking price in order to drum up interest. “With many industry sources now showing that sold prices are also starting to slide, sellers are also choosing to slash their asking price to entice buyers at a faster rate to secure the best price they can. “For buyers, this means there are plenty of potential bargains on offer and this should continue to be the case for the remainder of the year. “That said, what we’re seeing currently is very much a house price correction, not a collapse, so trying to strong-arm too much of a discount when negotiating will likely see you lose out to another buyer.”