Influential Conservatives are intensifying pressure on Rishi Sunak to change course and make targeted tax cuts to kick-start the economy. A growing number of MPs are working on proposals to hand to the Treasury ahead of the March budget.  They want tax reforms to help self-employed workers, businesses and doctors hit by the pension rules that mean they lose money for staying in the job. Ranil Jayawardena, former Cabinet Minister and founder of the Conservative Growth Group, said tax reform should "always help hardworking people" and it was time to simplify the system. He said: "We are in danger of becoming uncompetitive. We have the highest tax burden for 70 years and most complicated tax system ever. "The Prime Minister is right to want to go for growth. Tax reform will help deliver." It comes as luxury handbag brand Mulberry announced its store on Bond Street in central London will close because the "tourist tax" means international shoppers can no longer claim back the 20 percent VAT. Rishi Sunak ended the tax break when he was chancellor. Kwasi Kwarteng announced he was reintroducing it in his ill-fated mini-Budget but Chancellor Jeremy Hunt reversed the decision a month later. Mulberry said the lack of VAT-free shopping in the UK has been "particularly felt on Bond Street which has always been an iconic shopping destination for tourists".  MPs want corporation tax, set to rise from 19 percent to 25 percent in April for larger businesses, to be frozen. Sir John Redwood, a member of the Conservative Growth Group, said when Tory governments have cut the rate in the past it raises more money. He told Sophy Ridge on Sunday on Sky News: "We want sensible targeted tax cuts that will boost self-employment, boost investment, help solve the problem of recruiting and retaining doctors and other skilled staff and will add to the idea of growth. "We are very pleased that the Prime Minister and the new Chancellor have now got growth as one of their big five aims and indeed out of the five aims, three of them are economic and they are all really related to growth. "That is exactly the right thing to do but we are urging them to do rather more and not rule out tax rate cuts.  "We think they are going to be crucial, particularly to boost investment, otherwise we are going to have a very poor year for investment which will lead to a very disappointing outlook on growth." Sir John said support for the growth group is "gathering strength" and there are dozens of Conservative MPs involved who want to see "more positive measures" from the Government. Mr Hunt has insisted tax cuts are not on the agenda for his Budget. A Treasury source: "High inflation is the single biggest barrier to growth. "Any extra borrowing to fund tax cuts or spending now will only fuel the inflation fire, prolonging the pain for everyone. The Chancellor wants to lower the tax burden, but we need sound money first." 