Saudi Arabia lay host to the long-awaited grudge match between Tommy Fury and Jake Paul tonight in a clash of the new-age titans. Following 18 months of frustration and two cancellations, the pair finally square off against each other this evening at the Diriyah Arena. And there will be more than just bragging rights on the line. The WBC has announced that if Paul defeats Fury, then he will receive a top 40 cruiserweight world ranking in a move that hasn’t been well received. A statement released by the WBC, read: "WBC President, Mauricio Sulaiman, confirms that if Jake Paul wins his upcoming bout against Tommy Fury, The WBC ratings committee will rank him in the Cruiserweight division. "Jake Paul has been close to The WBC for several years, starting with the first event promoted in the UK when his brother, Logan, fought KSI; On that night Jake won The WBC amateur belt in the undercard fights. Jake has dedication and respect to the sport and The WBC will not tolerate discrimination against anyone, he deserves the opportunities that any other boxer has.” Diriyah Arena, Saudi Arabia Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury Ilunga Makabu vs Badou Jack – WBC cruiserweight title fight Bader Samreen vs Viorel Simion Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafaro Ziyad Almaayouf vs Janos Penzes Adam Saleh vs Evil Hero Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Live stream and fight times Paul vs Fury will be broadcast live on BT Sport Box Office in the UK. The pay-per-view price has been set at £19.95. BT Sport’s coverage will get underway from 6.30pm and can be live-streamed via their app and website on all good internet-connected devices including mobile phones, laptops and smart TVs. You can keep up to date with all of the latest news surrounding the bout here on Express Sport. The undercard is set to commence at 5pm UK time with the Paul vs Fury main event ring walks expected around 9.30pm. MORE BOXING NEWS... Chisora's Tommy Fury comment that left Love Island girls in stiches Warren uses OnlyFans stars boxing to make Fury vs Paul point Ronaldo confirms whether or not he'll attend Paul vs Fury Saudi fight Quotes Paul: “The moment of truth has finally arrived. On February 26, I will get in the ring with a ‘real boxer,’ an 8-0 fighter from a storied fighting family and show the world the truth about who Jake Paul, the boxer, really is. This fight doesn’t happen without the vision and support of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, its Ministry of Sport and Skill Challenge Entertainment Enterprises. I am excited to come to Riyadh and put on a show for the world to see.” Fury: “Jake Paul’s boxing career ends on February 26 and I can finally move on with mine. Every time I go out right now, everybody asks me about the Jake Paul fight. After this fight is done, everybody will be asking me how it felt to knock Jake Paul out. The world is about to see what happens when a proper boxer faces a YouTuber.”