Now Iran is in turmoil again. For more than four months, brave young women and men throughout Iran have been demanding freedom. They are standing up, unarmed, against one of the world’s most vicious regimes. Threats of mass execution are looming in the wake of state reprisals that have killed more than 750 people. Four protesters have been executed in connection with the anti-regime protests, one of them in public. Several human rights organisations have determined that dozens of additional death sentences are currently pending. It is morally and politically incumbent upon the United Kingdom, as a champion of freedom and democracy, to assist Iran’s protesters who have been bravely chanting “death to Khamenei” and “death to oppressor, be it the Shah or Khamenei”, thus demonstrating the Iranian people’s desire to establish a democratic republic. But military intervention is unnecessary and unacceptable, so what can be done? There is one step that can be taken which would have immediate impact. And that is to proscribe the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) in its entirety as a terrorist entity and to seize all its assets. The IRGC is the main instrument of the ayatollahs’ domestic repression as well as its foreign terrorism. And this paramilitary force, under sole command of Supreme Leader Khamenei, is certain to become even more dangerous as the regime struggles with the effects of the ongoing popular uprising. Iran’s most organised pro-democracy opposition group, the People’s Mojahedin Organisation of Iran (PMOI/MEK), has through its network inside Iran determined that over 30,000 protesters have been arrested. Many of them could face execution for vaguely-defined national security charges. The regime’s Judiciary has said as much in public, and members of the Parliament have requested it. Under these circumstances, it is increasingly imperative that the international community ramp up pressure on the regime and make it clear that there will be serious consequences for any further crackdowns on dissent. To its credit, the United Kingdom has imposed new sanctions on several perpetrators of human rights abuses since Iran’s uprising began in mid-September. The United States and the European Union have done the same while also publicly condemning the abuses in question. But none of these measures go beyond the familiar, tepid strategies of the past four decades. The current, historic moment calls for historic boldness from Western powers. They should strive to match the boldness of Iranian civilians, who have clashed with heavily armed authorities including the IRGC on many occasions over the past three months. They have done so in spite of widespread awareness that the IRGC was the main perpetrator of mass shootings that killed roughly 1,500 protesters during the previous uprising in November 2019. That same year, the United States took the historic step of designating the IRGC as a foreign terrorist organisation. The move came too late to have a meaningful impact on the paramilitary organisation’s response to the November uprising. But the subsequent increase in pressure on the IRGC has helped to constrain its resources in the run-up to the current uprising for regime change. One can imagine how much more effective this pressure might have been if the UK and the EU had followed the US in making a terrorist designation that was already long overdue. Various Western entities have discussed that possibility, and their hesitation has presumably been influenced by a number of factors including a tendency to overestimate the strength of the Iranian regime’s grip on power, and a comparable tendency to disregard the potential for real democratic change. But that potential has consistently been represented to the world by Iranian opposition leader Maryam Rajavi, the president-elect of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI), who has already presented a 10-point plan for Iran’s democratic future. Mrs Rajavi has spent years calling upon Western powers to proscribe the IRGC and to thus empower the Iranian people to stand up in the face of its brutality. The current uprising has seen them doing just that, despite the relative absence of support from the international community. As the uprising shows no sign of stopping, it is increasingly imperative for the UK and its allies to increase pressure on the clerical regime. Proscribing the IRGC as a terrorist entity is the first step toward that end, and fortunately, there are some indications that the British government is moving forward with it. But they may need an additional push, and this weekend in Paris, thousands of Iranians will be gathering to offer it while also marking the anniversary of the overthrow of the Shah's dictatorship. While there is no question that the foremost beneficiaries of this action will be the Iranian people, the IRGC’s terrorist designation will also be a clear benefit to global security and the interests of Western nations. Let’s show some political resolve at the beginning of 2023 and support Iran’s brave protesters with real actions, not just words.