The US military is reportedly planning to expand access to bases in the Philippines, bringing it into closer contact with China. The increased access would put President Biden's forces on the south-eastern edge of the South China Sea, just 200 miles away from Taiwan. Beijing claims much of the body of water as its sovereign territory, as it does the island of Taiwan despite the Taiwanese government asserting its independence. An announcement is expected to come as soon as this week, as Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin prepares to meet with the Filipino President Ferdinand "Bong Bong" Marcos Jr and acting Secretary of National Defense Carlito Galvez Jr. According to the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) signed in 2014, American troops can rotate around several bases and build facilities for both countries to use. A senior US defense official said the building of additional sites would be a "significant topic of conversation" during the visit.  Vice President Kamala Harris also visited the country last November and discussed more bases, in a move seen as bringing the Philippines closer to the US. The defense official said: "Right now, I think we’re seeing a very positive upswing in the trajectory of the relationship." US Four-Star General Minihan gave a warning to his troops that he foresaw an escalation of conflict between Washington and Beijing.  READ MORE: China lashes out on ‘unscrupulous’ US after crackdown on Huawei He said: "My gut tells me we will fight in 2025", however the Pentagon has stressed that his comments "are not representative of the department’s view on China". Mr Minihan added that he "hoped he was wrong" before detailing his theory in a memo which circulated on social media. He explained: "President Jinping secured his third term and set his war council in October 2022.  DON'T MISS:Canada begins trial making hard drugs legal in Vancouver [LATEST]'European' Keir Starmer praised by Michel Barnier over Brexit [REPORT]7million children to miss lessons as 500,000 workers stage strike [SPOTLIGHT] "Taiwan’s presidential elections are in 2024 and will offer Xi a reason. United States’ presidential elections are in 2024 and will offer Xi a distracted America. "Xi’s team, reason, and opportunity are all aligned for 2025." Retired US Lt. Col. Daniel L. Davis told TIME: "Either he knows something that we don’t, or he’s just really trying to get everybody fired up. But I can tell you, for sure, it’s very out of the ordinary." 