The Dublin Racing Festival kicks off on Saturday, and one of the many excellent races are included in this weekend’s ITV7. Races from Sandown and Musselburgh are also covered in a sensational few days of National Hunt racing. Viewers will be hoping that they are able to find all seven winners on the day to pocket themselves a healthy £50,000 prize pot. Despite numerous races at Leopardstown looking like they will go the way of the favourite, the ITV selection of races are wide-open affairs. Express Sport shares their picks. 13.45 Sandown – Dolos (11/4) In a race now named after the selection, Dolos looks ready to land another contest at Sandown. The 10-year-old has won three of the last four renewals of this race and is capable of improving his record in the race up against a beatable field. The gelding ran well in defeat at the Dessert Orchid and, despite being top weight, is certainly up to fending off a new set of challengers. 14.03 Musselburgh – Flower Of Scotland (7/1) There was a lot to like about Flower Of Scotland’s at Kelso in December when she pulled clear late on, and she could be tough to peg back once she hits the front here. The eight-year-old has been raised 8lb for that effort but is a more convincing option than many, with plenty racing with a question to answer. 14.20 Sandown – Gerri Colombe (5/4) The talented Gerri Colombe will be hoping to maintain his unbeaten record in the Scilly Isles Novices’ Chase following his impressive win at Limerick last time out. If the Irish raider can replicate that performance then he should come home in front here, with Monmiral and Thunder Rock left fighting it out for the places. 14.30 Leopardstown – Dysart Dynamo (11/4) In the pick of the bunch, Dysart Dynamo could be the Willie Mullins horse to be on. The trainer fields five sensational horses for this Irish Arkle – including Appreciate it and El Fabiolo. However, Dysart Dynamo was the most impressive on chasing debut and could leave jockey Paul Townend ruining his decision to mount Appreciate It. The gelding is a very strong traveller and jumped impressively last time out and could prove tough to rein in under Danny Mullins. 14.55 Sandown – Party Business (12/1) Evan Williams’ Party Business has been off the track since May following his underwhelming run at Haydock, though he finished that lame and has been given plenty of time to overcome that issue and may now be overpriced. If he returns anywhere near to his best then he could have a major say here, with Remastered a worthy favourite. 15.16 Musselburgh – Grivetana (11/4) Grivetana disappointed at short odds on New Year’s Eve though wasn’t suited by the going. The ground will be much better here and Paul Nicholls’ mare can bounce back to get her head in front. Plenty head into this contest in good form though Nicolls’ good record in the race suggests that his runner has a very strong chance. 15.30 Sandown – Bangers And Cash (6/1) A tricky contest to conclude the competition on, and it could pay to stick with the in-form Bangers And Cash. Ben Pauling’s gelding has progressed markedly this season and the hat-trick could beckon now dropped back to 3m. The seven-year-old showed a game attitude at Market Rasen in his last outing and is to be feared, with Rapper heading the market after his easy win at Cheltenham on New Year’s Day.