Manchester United will look to offload Anthony Martial particularly if Mason Greenwood is reintegrated into the squad, according to reports. The England international recently had all charges dropped against him following his arrest in January last year. But the Red Devils are undecided over what to do with the player, who is now technically free to play football again. It emerged earlier in the week that charges had been dropped against Greenwood following his arrest last year. And, now, The Mirror claim United will look to sell Martial - ‘particularly if they decide Greenwood can be reintegrated into the squad’. Martial has blown hot and cold throughout the majority of his time at United, with injuries also hampering him in recent years. He was absent on Saturday as the Red Devils continued their fine form with a 2-1 win over Crystal Palace at Old Trafford. And with Martial missing more games than playing these days, United have deemed him surplus to requirements. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Erik ten Hag wants a new striker this summer, with Harry Kane, Victor Osimhen and Benjamin Sesko some of the names being linked. With Greenwood, meanwhile, it’s currently unknown what United will decide when it comes to the 21-year-old’s future. The striker hasn’t played or trained in over 12 months, while it’s also unclear what his mental state is like right now. Some at United reportedly think the club have a ‘duty of care’ - suggesting Greenwood playing for them can’t be entirely ruled out. Others, however, would be unhappy if the England international was to play for the club again. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Ten Hag has navigated several difficult moments this season, with Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure back in November one of them. But the situation with Greenwood is a different matter entirely and the footballing world is awaiting the outcome. Ten Hag shrugged off questions over the England international when speaking at a press conference on Friday. When quizzed on if he’d ever spoken to Greenwood, he said: "No. Nothing. I can't add nothing, I refer to the statement of the club." He added: "We are human beings and sometimes there are issues. We are not like robots, but we have to focus on our job. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Sometimes you get issues, then as a club and team you have to deal with it. "We have standards and values and we have to live along those high standards and values, and that gives a base if you have a good culture and spirit." In their statement United confirmed they were conducting their own investigation into Greenwood amid the uncertainty over his future. “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped,” he said. “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. “We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” Greenwood himself admitted he was glad the matter was over and thanked the people around him for their support. “I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support,” he said. “There will be no further comment at this time.”