England are the perfect opponents for Wales today after the week they have endured. While all the talk of a strike will have been disruptive, the sight of the white jersey in town this weekend will have a galvanising effect on the Welsh players and the public, you can be sure of that. They can temporarily forget the challenges Welsh rugby has faced - and still faces - off the pitch and focus on a common enemy. This is the fixture the whole of Wales looks forward to and with pretty good reason. England have lost on their last three visits to the Principality Stadium. It is a special place to play rugby but it can be destabilising for some English players. This game has the capacity to show up any fault lines in Steve Borthwick’s side in what is his first away game as new coach. England put Italy away comfortably enough at Twickenham a fortnight ago but Wales will be a much tougher nut to crack on their own turf whatever the Six Nations table may say. They are in wooden spoon territory after two games but a win today would salvage their campaign. I’m expecting a dogfight. Much as I’d love to see Anthony Watson and Max Malins with the ball in their hands on the wings, having witnessed very little open rugby against the Italians, I’m expecting a similar approach in Cardiff. They will play the percentages and kick a lot, I suspect. The insistence on leaving the roof open was probably a clue as to their intentions. For me that was disappointing. Why invite in the wind and rain when you can play on a guaranteed dry track in an even better atmosphere? I would have loved that as a player. Still, Borthwick is rebuilding from the ground upwards and if a kicking game gets the job done in a stadium that has been so unproductive for them of late no Englishman will be complaining. One of the things I have been wanting to see from England for a long time is consistency of selection and with just the enforced change on the wing we have it at last for this game. Incredibly, England have even put out the same midfield two games in a row. Ollie Lawrence had a big game last time out and I’m hoping he can do that back-to-back. The Wales midfield is very inexperienced with just seven caps spread between the three of them. They do however have Dan Biggar on the bench to come on and he is just the sort of high-quality player that can see Wales over the finish line if they are in contention with 20 minutes to go. Jason Robinson was speaking in association with Vodafone Business.