Scammers often target tourists as they might be carrying large amounts of cash, or important documents, like their passports. A traveller issued a warning on Reddit of a common trick to watch out for. The tourist said: “A common strategy of scammers is to put time pressure on you. They will try to make you think that if you don’t jump on the opportunity they are presenting right now then you will miss out. “For example, someone selling a ticket to get on a bus tour might try to convince you that it’s the last one available and it’s about to leave now so hurry up! “They will also make it difficult for you and your travel companion to step away and privately discuss your options, which leads you to make a hasty and regrettable decision. “Nothing is ever that urgent, just get away from the person long enough to think through your options.” READ MORE: Warning to anyone with holidays booked for Spain, Portugal and Germany Scammers will often try to pressurise tourists to get them to make a quick decision and spend more money. When you’re on a short holiday it can feel like you need to make choices quickly to avoid missing out. However, if something seems like it costs too much, it’s a good idea to take a step back and think about it. Checking reviews online could help to decide if something is worth it or tourists could even book a tour before they travel if they’re worried they might miss out. Travel agents will be able to offer recommendations of reputable tour companies to help tourists avoid scammers. Another tourist shared a warning of a common scam that tourists could be targeted by in taxis. They said: “On your way to an attraction, the taxi driver or someone else might say that it is closed, but they can take you somewhere better. “The attraction isn’t closed and they just want to take you to a c****y place where you can pay their friend.” READ MORE: ‘Simply amazing’ destination in Greece named Taxi drivers could try to take tourists to a different place than they’ve asked to try to earn a commission. The driver might take a tourist to a shop where the owner will give them commission if the tourist buys something. Tourists shouldn’t feel pressured to spend money they don’t want to and should insist the driver takes them to their planned destination. Tourists could avoid this scam by using a reputable taxi company, recommended by a hotel, to book their travel. Drivers for taxi apps such as Bolt and Uber are less likely to use this scam as they will be reviewed by the customer. App taxis are also unlikely to deviate from the planned route so this could be a way to avoid the scam. Tourists can also check the opening hours of their destination beforehand so they don’t fall for the ‘closed venue’ scam. If tourists are hit by a scam, they should contact their tour operator or the police for assistance.