Novak Djokovic has received support from the Indian Wells tournament director as he looks set to be banned from entering America to play the first Masters 1000 of the year. Tommy Haas claimed it was “a disgrace” that the world No 1 was unable to travel and compete because of his unvaccinated status. Djokovic is expected to miss the ‘sunshine double’ of tournaments in Indian Wells and Miami next month with the US government extending their emergency Covid measures until May 11, making the vaccination a mandatory entry requirement. It does mean that the restrictions will be dropped in time for the US Open but it will be the second year running that the world No 1 is forced to miss the first two Masters events of the season. And Indian Wells tournament director Tommy Haas has now spoken out against the rules as he shared his wish to see the Serb at his tournament next month, telling Tennis365: “It would be nice to see if we could maybe lift those a little earlier and have him come to play Indian Wells and Miami. “I think he wants to play, so we should give him the chance. Hopefully we can have him there.” And the retired former world No 2 went a step further as he slammed the restrictions, claiming it would be disgraceful not to allow the top-ranked man in tennis to come and play the tournament dubbed the ‘fifth Grand Slam’. JUST IN: McEnroe makes U-turn on Raducanu's future after 'overwhelming year'   He added: “I mean, it would be a disgrace in my eyes if he wasn’t coming to these events, or not allowed to come.” But it doesn’t appear that Djokovic or Haas will get their wish, as Joe Biden extended the restrictions from their original end date of mid-April to mid-May. Djokovic himself shared his hopes to return to the Californian desert during the recent Adelaide International but admitted there was nothing he could do if the restrictions were still in place. DON'T MISSPegula thought she'd quit tennis after mum's heartbreaking illnesFederer Wimbledon return addressed by board member Henman - EXCLUSIVEFederer needs 'special condition' to accept Wimbledon role - EXCLUSIVE  “What can I do? Nothing,” he told reporters Down Under. “You know my position, so it is what it is. I’m hoping (to play), but if I can’t go, I can’t go.” Djokovic is currently signed up to play the Dubai ATP 500 from the week of February 27 but will then be forced to skip Indian Wells and Miami, with fans likely not seeing him again until the start of the clay season at the Monte Carlo Masters.