  Former Spice Girls star and fashion designer Victoria Beckham, 48, has paid tribute to fashion journalist Hilary Alexander this morning following her death aged 77. The star, who has also featured on TV shows such as Britain's Next Top Model, tragically died on her birthday.      Taking to Instagram, Victoria remembered the “supportive” star who had made a huge impact on the fashion industry during the course of her career. “I’m so saddened to hear about the passing of Hilary Alexander,” Victoria penned. “Hilary was always so supportive and kind to me and championed emerging and established designers. “Her presence will be greatly missed,” she added, signing her initials “VB”. READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's Scott Mills went ’missing’ for days in Amsterdam    New Zealand-born fashion journalist Hilary sadly died on Sunday, February 5. She wrote for some major publications, including The Daily Telegraph, BBC and CNN. In 1985, she became the former publication’s fashion editor, and in 2003, the newspaper’s fashion director. She was also said to have coined the term “supermodel”, which forever changed the fashion landscape.     Hilary was also a hit on Britain's Next Top Model, which was the spin-off talent show from America’s Next Top Model. She was also a presenter at Clothes Show Live and appeared on shows like Lorraine and BBC Breakfast. The fashion expert also appeared in various documentaries for BBC One, BBC Two and Channel 4. Hilary was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2013 Birthday Honours for services to fashion journalism. READ MORE... Piers Morgan brutally mocks Madonna’s Grammys appearance [INSIGHT] Chris Packham admits he 'came very close to taking my own life’ [UPDATE] Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys [NEWS]      She was also friends with high-profile fashion figures such as Gianni Versace, Lee McQueen and Julien Macdonald. Victoria was not the only one to pen a touching tribute to the late icon following her death. The charity Breast Cancer Now tweeted: “We are sad to hear that Hilary Alexander has died. “Hilary styled over a decade of fashion shows for Breast Cancer Now, bringing her unique personality and professionalism.     “We’ll forever be grateful for the huge contribution she made to support people affected by breast cancer. Duncan James penned: “So sad to hear about to passing of Hilary Alexander. “I had the pleasure to be interviewed by her many years ago for the @Telegraph when I did a clothing campaign. She was so lovely - may she RIP.” Lorraine Kelly added: “This is desperately sad news. I loved having Hilary Alexander on the show - wise, kind and always on top of her game.”   