Anthony Martial, Scott McTominay, Antony and Marcel Sabitzer were all not spotted in Manchester United’s open training session on Wednesday. The team are training ahead of their Europa League clash with Barcelona at the Camp Nou on Thursday night. Spirits within the United camp are high following their 2-0 win against Leeds over the weekend, making amends for their 2-2 draw with their rivals previously. Marcus Rashford opened the scoring for the Red Devils in the 80th minute when he headed home from close range before Alejandro Garnacho came off of the bench to secure all three points with a fine solo goal. Erik ten Hag will know that his team will need to improve for that success if they are to beat Barca this week, though it appears that he will be without several key players for their Round of 32 clash. As expected, Martial and Antony both missed training in Spain ahead of the match, according to Manchester Evening News. McTominay also does not appear to have recovered in time for the clash, with the Scotland international not featuring for United since January 22. Concerningly, Bayern Munich loanee Sabitzer was not spotted despite playing the full 90 minutes against Leeds. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m The 28-year-old is suspended for the first leg of the clash against Barca, but Lisandro Martinez is also suspended and he participated in the training session. Ten Hag will be weighing up how he lines up in the centre of the park as a result, with Casemiro coming back into the fold despite being suspended domestically. The former Real Madrid star is likely to slot in alongside Fred, who has impressed over the past few matches. The all-Brazilian midfield will have a tough task in trying to dictate the tie, with Barca often deploying a 4-3-3 which means they will numerically outnumber their opponents in the centre of the park unless Bruno Fernandes drops deeper more frequently. DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache Martial’s absence also means that Wout Weghorst is likely to lead the line against Barca, despite a series of underwhelming displays in the Premier League. The Burnley loanee is Ten Hag’s only natural No 9 available unless the former Ajax boss makes the decision to play Rashford through the middle. The England international has scored 12 and assisted three in 23 league appearances for United so far this season, with his best performances coming when he has been deployed on the left wing. Though with Jadon Sancho now back available, there is apt cover for Rashford available if Ten Hag turns his back on Weghorst.