The Netflix documentary about the controversial porn website is expected to air in March. The 93-minute film will explore how the website ‘fundamentally changed how pornography is made and distributed’. Pornhub first launched back in 2007 and it was one of the first ways people could access erotic material online. It quickly became the internet's most-used adult entertainment service and Netflix explains: "It enabled erotic content creators to reach a massive audience while the company made billions of dollars." The site may have been a huge success but it was also met with a string of criticism including allegations of using non-consensual material. The documentary will also shine a light on how anti-trafficking organisations have been on a journey for justice for victims. READ MORE: African Queen’s Jada Pinkett Smith inspired by Willow for Netflix doc Director and producer Suzanne Hillinger has said it will "require us to grapple with what sexuality and consent means when billion-dollar internet platforms thrive on user-generated content". She said: "Who has, and who should have, the power in these environments? "Our hope is that this film generates important conversations about sex and consent, both on the internet and out in the world." Netflix's full description reads: "As anti-trafficking organizations seek justice for victims, can the online giant protect those from whom they profit, or is this a new wave of censorship for adult performers making consensual porn?”  Pornhub’s accounts on YouTube and Instagram were suspended within the last six months for violating the platforms’ policies. The documentary is produced by Jigsaw Productions, with Nicki Carrico serving as producer. Pornhub was started by four Canadian college friends named Stephane Manos, Ouissam Youssef, Feras Antoon, and Matt Keezer in 2007. Graduates of Concordia University, the group was all interested in the internet and pornography. DON'T MISS... Lando Norris wades in on F1 Drive to Survive debate Harry and Meghan to move to 'commercial TV' for booming US audience African Queens cast explained for Jada Pinkett Smith's docuseries  Pornhub reached 1 million daily visitors within seven months of its debut and mostly has free content. However, there is a Pornhub Premium option which costs $9.99 (£8) per month. In 2017 Pornhub Vice President Corey Price spoke about where he would like the company to go. In an interview with Benzinga he said: "If you had asked me this question in 2007, I wouldn’t have been able to predict where we are now.  "I probably would’ve fallen incredibly short in regards to my predictions vs. where we currently are and just how much we’ve grown. "Through just the past year we’ve diversified, penetrated and evolved so much. So it’s especially tough to predict where we will end up 10, 15 years from now." The website was founded at a time when the transition away from traditional media and toward the digital age was accelerating.  Money Shot: The Pornhub Story is streaming from March 15 on Netflix.