A UN investigator has announced that he believes that Covid-19 escaped from a "dangerous" lab experiment in Wuhan. Since the outbreak of the Sars-Cov-2 virus, which plunged the world into a lockdown in 2020, experts have struggled to definitely pinpoint how the disease emerged. While studies by experts around the world have determined that Covid-19 most likely emerged from a live animal market in Wuhan, China, some believe that the virus originated from the Wuhan Institute of Virology. Now, a top scientist warned that the virus likely originated from a lab in Wuhan, adding that he believes it emerged from "dangerous" experiments on humanised mice Professor Colin Butler, who was tasked with investigating the origins of the virus for the UN, noted that the lab leak theory was being majorly downplayed despite a mountain of circumstantial evidence. Some experts believe that the virus accidentally spread from the Wuhan Institute of Virology during so-called "gain of function" experiments on bat coronaviruses. Many experts and intelligence officials suspect bungling scientists at the Wuhan Institute of Virology accidentally spread Covid during so-called "gain-of-function" experiments on bat coronaviruses. Gain-of-function research is a controversial medical research practice that genetically alters an organism in a way that may enhance its biological functions, which could make viruses more infectious or deadly. Although Prof Butler was initially sceptical of the lab leak theory, he told The Sun Online that he's now convinced it's the most likely explanation. Epidemiologist was convinced after evidence of the "gain of function" experiments emerged, along with biosafety lapses, hidden data, and a "cover-up" of the possible origins from governments. He noted that while a "natural origin" was still possible, he added that there was no evidence to back up that theory. READ MORE: Report exposes 'reckless' tests in Covid lab leak theory bombshell He believed that the virus was most likely extracted from bats in China, and then "trained" on humanised mice in dangerous experiments before it accidentally leaked. He said: "You can literally put a bit of human DNA into a laboratory animal - humanised mice. "You can adapt the virus to a human in a laboratory. It's Frankensteinian to me, it's very dangerous. You can train the virus to infect humans. That's what people think possibly happened with Covid. "If the Chinese were innocent, they could produce the database, all the lab records, and they've never done it. DON'T MISS:EDF's reactor for first nuclear plant in the UK arrives by ship [INSIGHT]‘Forbidden’ planet whose existence violates scientific theory found [REPORT]Northern Lights to make spectacular showing over UK skies tonight [REVEAL]  "If there was nothing wrong, they could produce it. There's so many things the Chinese cover up. This is just one more." This comes as new intelligence provided by the US Energy Department has concluded most likely arose from a laboratory leak. A classified intelligence report given to the White House and senior members of Congress said the 2020 pandemic most likely spread following a leak at a Chinese laboratory. Mao Ning, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson dismissed the report, saying: “Certain parties should stop rehashing the ‘lab leak’ narrative, stop smearing China and stop politicizing origins-tracing.”