Motorists up and down the UK have been dealing with cold temperatures this week after a winter of clearing frost and ice from their windscreens. The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for snow and ice for parts of Scotland, which could affect many road users. It warns that snow and ice may lead to difficult travel conditions, with some icy patches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths. Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with longer journey times by road, bus and train services. While there are no further weather warnings, temperatures are expected to remain low with frost and ice possibly being seen by drivers. Ed Colley, head of marketing at Autoglass, advised drivers what they should do in the event of cold temperatures this winter. READ MORE: New ULEZ expansion tax will 'burden' drivers later this year He said: "Waking up to find your car needs de-icing as you are rushing to leave can be infuriating, but that will be the case for many drivers across the UK this week as the cold snap hits the country. "Drivers should avoid the temptation to remove the ice as quickly as possible by pouring boiling water over the glass. "The sudden change in temperature can cause the glass to expand and cause small chips to expand into bigger cracks." Mr Colley also told drivers to avoid using sharp objects like credit cards to wipe away the ice as they could scratch the glass and limit visibility. DON'T MISSDrivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes [IMPORTANT]Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [INSIGHT]Morrisons launches new offer to slash petrol and diesel prices [HELPFUL] He continued, saying: "Many online ‘hacks’ can also lead to permanent damage to your windscreen. "Turning on the car engine and leaving it may seem like the safe option, but it is hardly the most environmentally friendly and could be costly given the high prices at the pumps." According to a recent study, motorists with a petrol or diesel vehicle are squandering a combined £188million on fuel costs while idling over winter. The data, from the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET), found that 64 percent of drivers let their engine idle during the colder months. READ MORE: All UK drivers could be fined £70 simply for parking their cars More than four in 10 admitted to doing so at least three times per week and more than a million motorists idle every single day during winter, producing a carbon footprint over a lifetime of 825kg. The fuel costs equate to the same amount of carbon emissions that would be produced if more than the whole population of Cardiff were to catch a flight to Egypt, the host nation of last year’s COP27. While leaving their engine running to defrost their car, there is also a serious risk that someone may steal the vehicle and drive off. Drivers should always ensure they have a proper scraper in their care in case of wintery emergencies. Mr Colley added: “[They] can go a long way to helping you get on your way and avoid any further damage to your vehicle. “For those who are really prepared, applying a rain repellent before a wintery snap can make de-icing your windscreen much easier and quicker. “If your windscreen is damaged it doesn’t have to be a complicated process, we will always look to repair glass first, and you can come straight to us. “We will work with your insurance company and manage your claim,” Mr Colley concluded.