Former Manchester United star Roy Keane enjoyed plenty of success on the pitch, and the trend has carried over into retirement as he continues to grace viewers' screens providing expert opinion for Sky Sports. Those achievements have banked him an enviable personal fortune which supposedly puts him among Hollywood's elite. Keane broke through as a teenager with Irish side Cobh Ramblers before making the voyage across to England with Nottingham Forest. Three years there saw him earn a move to Sir Alex Ferguson's Man Utd, where he played almost 500 games. The former tough-tackling midfielder served as captain for eight years before joining Celtic in the mid-2000s. Keane went on to put together a brief managerial career with Sunderland and Ipswich Town, before landing roles as an assistant at the Republic of Ireland, Aston Villa and Forest. Over the past few years, the 51-year-old has been a regular on Sky Sports, providing punditry alongside fellow ex-pros such as Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness. JUST IN: Arsenal's six-man summer shortlist as Arteta set to go fro the jugular According to Celebrity Net Worth, Keane has amassed a personal fortune that sits just shy of £50million. That puts him above a host of high-profile actors, singers and celebrities such as Billie Eilish, Orlando Bloom and Idris Elba. The same source suggests that Eilish's net worth sits at £25m, while it estimates both Elba's and Bloom's to be slightly higher at £33m. It therefore pays to be a legendary footballer, but it wasn't big bucks from the start for Keane as he has already outlined the contractual terms he accepted at the start of his career. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have Jorginho issue they wouldn't suffer with Caicedo or RiceMan Utd break silence on Mason Greenwood with 31-word statementChelsea's best XI after eight signings in wild January transfer window "I was on about £250,000 [a year] at Forest, which was a good deal," he explained. "Blackburn [Rovers] offered me four hundred [thousand a year]." Keane then claimed to have accepted United's lower offer of £300,000 per year, which kick-started his 12-year spell at Old Trafford. He developed into one of the most decorated players in the Premier League era, scooping up seven league titles, four FA Cups and a Champions League crown while part of Ferguson's dominant side. A behind-the-scenes bust-up with the Scotsman saw his stint with the Red Devils end in controversial fashion in 2005, and as recently as 2019, Keane claimed that he has not forgiven his former manager.  "As much as I’m not one to hold a grudge, I wouldn’t forgive Ferguson," he told the Off the Ball Podcast. "The media spin, how I apparently upset everybody, it was all nonsense. "I don’t care if it’s Alex Ferguson or the Pope, you’re going to defend yourself. I think when he apologises I will probably say hello to him, yeah. But I’ve no interest in speaking to the man." FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing! 