Vladimir Putin gives his annual address to Russia on Tuesday, updating them on the state of the country and the government's plans for the future. This will be no normal address, however. It comes just days before the one-year anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and will be filled with fire and fury over the war. Governments around the world will listen closely to Putin's words, deciphering his message to learn about his ambitions and plans for Ukraine, and what they might mean for the surrounding region. Reading through Putin's old addresses, they show that he is not one to rely on strictly coded messages, however. On February 24, 2022 — when Russia invaded Ukraine — the Russian government website released a speech given by Putin marking the beginning of the full-scale war, what he was and still is calling a "special military operation". For all its shock factor Putin set out in no uncertain terms his reasons — however warped they have deemed to be — for authorising the invasion and war, in short arguing that Russia had been pushed into a corner by NATO and the West and so had no other choice. In the year since that speech, its contents have largely been forgotten. Yet, the words within it are crucial in remembering the Russian leader's aspirations and goals and, more importantly, plans for anyone who attempts to stand in his way. While some Russia watchers claim Putin has largely bluffed his way through the war when talking of consequences for the West should they become directly involved, the unearthed speech hints at least one thing: that he has always anticipated a joint response from the West. Attempting to stop this, towards the end of his speech and after much talk of nuclear capabilities, he warned: "No matter who tries to stand in our way or all the more so create threats for our country and our people, they must know that Russia will respond immediately, and the consequences will be such as you have never seen in your entire history. "No matter how the events unfold, we are ready. All the necessary decisions in this regard have been taken. I hope that my words will be heard." One year on, and it is clear that Putin has had time to carefully think about his words. JUST IN: Putin will 'aim nuclear missiles on London and Berlin' if victorious While the West has not become directly involved, it has, many believe, crossed the point of no return in its support for Ukraine, offering millions of pounds in aid, military hardware and equipment, military training, and political support. Putin has yet to follow through on his words. He has said he is not ignorant of the fact that firing a nuclear missile at the West would provoke a similar response. Yet, he continues to warn of such outcomes. February 24 marks one year since he ordered his armed forces to cross over into neighbouring Ukraine to "demilitarise and denazify" the country, a goal that has largely been dismissed as a myth. There have been no denials that neo-Nazi groups exist and operate in Ukraine, including against the Russian military forces. DON'T MISS 'Putin's chef' and the chilling story of the ruthless Wagner Group [ANALYSIS]Wagner Group shows clip of corpses in push for more ammo [REPORT] Brazil landslide kills at least 36 and left hundreds homeless  [INSIGHT] The Azov Battalion has drawn significant controversy over its alleged links to far-right groups and neo-Nazi ideology. It has used many symbols linked to Nazism, and its members have often praised Adolf Hitler's policies. In 2014, The Guardian's Shaun Walker spoke to a member of Azov who "waxed lyrical about Adolf Hitler as a military leader, and believes the Holocaust never happened". Soldiers fighting for Russia are known to have ties to neo-Nazi ideology, too. The Rusich group are fighting as part of the Wagner Group — a mercenary outfit that evidence increasingly suggests is funded directly by the Kremlin. So the assertion is not that there are no neo-Nazis in Ukraine, but that Putin's claims to want to "de-Nazify" the country are disingenuous. Volodymyr Zelenksy is after all Jewish, his great-uncle and distant cousins were killed by the Germans in a massacre during World War 2. Putin's speech will again likely mention de-Nazifying Ukraine, as well as his intentions for the near future.  He is also expected to react to the wave of support for Ukraine and Zelenksy from around the world. Whether he will warn them again with "all the necessary decisions" is to be seen. While the Russian President has been largely stuck at home with few allies to fall back on but for some in Africa and Asia, Zelensky has been on a whistlestop tour of Europe, simultaneously galvanising support and securing further funding to fend off Russian forces. As he did in his February 2022 speech, Putin warned Europe against fulfilling Zelensky's requests for support, which this month took the form of fighter jets and tanks. During an address at Westminster Hall, Zelenksy said: "I appeal to you and the world with simple and yet most important words, combat aircraft for Ukraine. Wings for freedom.”  The Russian embassy in the UK immediately responded by warning about a possible "escalation" if NATO allies were to follow through with fighter jets for Ukraine. It said the "bloodshed, next round of escalation, and subsequent military and political ramifications for the European continent and the entire globe" would be “on London’s conscience”. Dmitry Peskov, the Kremlin's spokesman duly chimed in, saying: "The line between indirect and direct involvement is gradually disappearing. "One can only express regret in this regard, and say that such actions... lead to an escalation of tension, prolong the conflict and make the conflict more and more painful for Ukraine.”