Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has been told he must effectively ‘sell to buy’ this summer despite the club winning the Carabao Cup, according to reports. The Red Devils have finally ended a six-year wait for a trophy. And they’re hopeful more silverware will follow, with the giants still competing in three other tournaments at the current moment in time. Manchester United had gone into their final showdown with Newcastle as the favourites to reign supreme at Wembley. And goals from Casemiro and Marcus Rashford made it a straightforward afternoon, with the Red Devils celebrating in the dressing room in the aftermath. Now, though, The Athletic have suggested United’s victory won’t have too much of an influence on their transfer plans for the summer. It’s claimed Ten Hag has been told he must ‘effectively sell to buy’ at the end of the season, amid strong talk of a potential takeover. And whether that impacts the next phase of their rebuild remains to be seen. United are thought to be looking to make three additions come the summer, regardless of how they fare between now and then. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players A new goalkeeper is being eyed, at a time where there’s uncertainty over the long-term future of David De Gea. Dean Henderson is widely expected to leave, with the England international reluctant to return to be a back-up goalkeeper at Old Trafford. Jack Butland is set to return to Crystal Palace following his loan stint, while Tom Heaton may depart for free. United also want a midfielder and two of their targets, without a doubt, won’t come cheap. They retain interest in Frenkie de Jong, despite the Barcelona star now being a regular under Xavi over in Catalonia. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Jude Bellingham, of Borussia Dortmund, is also another player on United’s radar. However, the likes of Real Madrid, Liverpool and Manchester City are all keen on landing the England international as well. Up top, United plan on reinforcing their attack by bringing in a new No 9. Harry Kane is in their sights, with the Tottenham star’s current contract in north London due to expire in 2024. And Victor Osimhen has also attracted interest amid the Nigeria international’s outstanding form for Napoli over in Serie A. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Glazers are presently in charge of United, despite talk of a potential takeover continuing to rumble on. Avram Glazer was at the Carabao Cup final to watch the Red Devils beat Newcastle, with the American booed by fans when he appeared on the big screen. Yet Ten Hag hailed the owner after the game and was happy he came along to watch the game. "He was really happy for the club, as an owner,” said the 53-year-old at his post-match press conference. “They really want to be part of it. “You feel that when he’s in the dressing room, very good he was there, he had to show his intentions." Sheikh Jassim and Sir Jim Ratcliffe have both made bids to buy United with the Glazers are open to selling up. And Ten Hag shrugged off takeover talk when quizzed on the matter, saying: “I don’t know, I’m not involved in that process but the way he is here, you feel he is committed. “What he wants, that is not for me. I have to lead this team. “Others in the club are involved in decisions about ownership.”