As Yellowstone fans await the midseason premiere of season five, concerns have grown about John Dutton’s (played by Kevin Costner) future in Montana. With rumours about the rancher’s death, star Wes Bentley made an insightful confession.  Since Yellowstone first landed on screens in 2018, John Dutton has been at the helm of the Dutton ranch as both a skilled rancher and a patriarchal figure for the Dutton family. Despite dedicating the past five seasons to protecting the highly sought-after land, fans could be forced to say an emotional goodbye to John. Although the series is yet to return to screens fans are concerned the beloved character could meet his bitter end defending his family, in true western fashion. Depending on how John’s death takes place, the blame could fall on his adopted son Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley), who has let power and greed drive a wedge between them. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore    While many are concerned John won’t survive long enough to see season six, actor Wes Bentley admitted he had also thought about the character’s death. The Jamie Dutton star confessed: “I thought about this in season one. “Because it’s always a possibility in TV, right? We’re always ready to die." Speaking to TV Line, Wes added: “[And John] really has got this hypnotic pull on Jamie.” The last time the Duttons were on screen, Jamie had officially declared war on his father figure by betraying him and his position as the Governor of Montana.   As this was a political position Jamie wanted, he went to the Montana state assembly to seal his approval from the senate tribunal to impeach John. To make this worse, John only discovered this after he gave an impactful speech in support of Thomas Rainwater (Gil Birmingham) and the Broken Rock Reservation. They had made plans to protest against the proposed federal government pipeline but with Jamie’s ploy to impeach John, all his good work will be undermined. Although John’s death has yet to be confirmed, Deadline reported the show’s creator Taylor Sheridan grew frustrated with Kevin’s commitment to other projects. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [THEORY]1923’s Harrison Ford ‘excited’ to return for season 2 [INSIGHT]Jack and Lizzie's baby is closely related to John in Yellowstone [INSIGHT] Therefore, the showrunner has been planning a major exit for the character similar to The Godfather. An insider revealed: “Taylor has always made it clear that this show should mirror the emotional power of The Godfather, with seismic exits and storylines.” According to The US Sun: “Kevin loves that idea too. “The key scenes in the show start filming again in April and only Taylor knows what the finale will be.” However, the source warned: “He can change anything in the script at the last moment.  “But currently there is an acceptance that the time Kevin has left on screen is much less than what he has already filmed.” This comes after reports of A modern-day version of Yellowstone titled 6666 is in the works, while A-lister Matthew McConaughey is tipped the lead the cast of another. A spokesperson for Paramount told Express.co.uk: “We have no news to report. “Kevin Costner is a big part of Yellowstone and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come. "Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. “Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner.”  Yellowstone season 5 returns in the summer of 2023 on the Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK. 