His formidable power stemmed from his close relationship with Margaret Thatcher, for whom he acted as Press Secretary throughout her long premiership. It was a job for which he was admirably suited. Like her, he had a forceful personality, a gift for concise language and an astonishing work ethic, usually working from six in the morning until nine at night. “I don’t know how I did it,” he said in his well-deserved retirement. But Sir Bernard was much more than just a civil servant or senior media officer. As a no-nonsense Northerner, once described as “a rough-spoken Yorkshire Rasputin”, he embodied her philosophy. Fiercely patriotic, intolerant of defeatism, hostile to big government and European integration, he was a potent advocate of her creed and an uncompromising defender of her administration. So striking was his character that, rare in a public official, he became a celebrity in his own right. Jean Rook, the renowned Daily Express columnist once called him “a cross between Heathcliff and a pit bull terrier”. His pithy phrases, like “bunkum and balderdash”, entered the political lexicon. His bushy, luxuriant eyebrows, a gift to satirists and cartoonists, became almost as much a symbol of Thatcherism as her handbag. Yet in some ways, he could be seen as an incongruous ally of Mrs Thatcher. Until she appointed him in 1979, he had only worked as a Whitehall civil servant and a journalist, two professions she despised.  Moreover, he did not hail from a Conservative background. On the contrary, he was the son of a cotton weaver, trade union official and local Labour councillor from Hebden Bridge in Yorkshire. Ingham himself joined the Labour Party in his youth and stood unsuccessfully for a seat on Leeds City Council in 1965. By then, he was working as a correspondent on The Guardian, having left school at 16 to embark on journalism training. He later admitted that, as a student, he could be “very argumentative”, a trait he never lost, but his talent soon enabled him to move to the Yorkshire Post and then the Guardian. After 18 years in this trade, he switched in 1967 to the civil service, first as communications officer, then as a senior administrator. Though required to give up his Labour membership because of Whitehall rules on impartiality, he worked happily with several Labour Ministers, including Barbara Castle and Tony Benn, with whom he “got on like a house on fire except when he was politicking”.  His reputation paved the way for his promotion to the Number 10 post. Later, he expressed the belief that she felt at ease with him because they were both “provincials and outsiders”. She herself once said, in the aftermath of another defeat of their opponents: “The thing about you and me, Bernard, is that neither of us are smooth people.” When Mrs Thatcher was forced out in 1990, Ingham went with her. Having received a knighthood, he remained in public life as a broadcaster, author and commentator – writing regularly for this paper. But he now had more time for the domestic life he shared in Purley with his beloved wife Nancy, whom he married in 1956. They had one son, John, who became a distinguished writer himself and was for many years the Express’s environment and defence editor. Nancy, who was a policewoman when she first met Ingham, died in 2017. Sir Bernard made an enormous contribution to modern Britain. Mrs Thatcher’s achievements would not have been possible without him, as she recognised in her own autobiography. Describing him as a “tough, blunt, humorous Yorkshireman,” she wrote that “he never let me down”. 