Horror/drama Red Rose made its debut in August 2022 on BBC Three, and now Netflix subscribers from across the globe can find out what all the fuss has been about. Despite being released in full just a matter of days ago, Red Rose has already jumped into the Top 10 most watched series in the USA. With the season gaining itself a new fanbase, many are curious to know if there will be more episodes in store. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Red Rose. Red Rose first came out last summer on BBC Three and seven months later, the eight-part drama has landed on Netflix. Already, the show has made it to number eight in Netflix's Top 10 shows in America, with more subscribers becoming intrigued by the dark series. Unfortunately, as of yet, there has been no official announcement regarding a possible second series of Red Rose. And even though the show has been brought back into the spotlight because of its release on Netflix, it wouldn't be the service's decision anyway. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence As Red Rose initially came out on BBC Three, it would be up to the network to sign off on a series two renewal. The fact it has been six months since the show was initially released in the UK, it does seem highly unlikely it would be returning for more. But as the series has gained newfound popularity, the BBC may revisit the possibility of making more episodes. It would be plausible given how the first season ended on a mysterious cliffhanger. Red Rose follows a group of friends from Bolton, who are excited for one last summer vacation before they go off to college. Everything starts to go wrong though when one of them becomes obsessed with an app called Red Rose. It begins to spread among the group, giving sinister demands that have horrible consequences if they are not met. The origins of the app and who was behind it are revealed, but not fully explained. DON'T MISS...Caroline Hawley has been part of Bargain Hunt since 2014 [CAST]Here's a look at the real-life John Palmer from BBC's The Gold [EXPLAINER]Here's what happened to Gordon Parry after the Brink's-Mat heist [REVEALED] Making it even creepier, in the final few moments of the drama, fans are taken to Tokyo. They see another person who opens their phone, only to see they have also been invited to download the Red Rose app. So if the series does return for more, it seems like there would be plenty of scope for more storylines for a second season. The show is led by a young cast who are all very new to the entertainment industry. Wren actress Amelia Clarkson has been in Jane Eyre and The Assets, Rochelle's Isis Hainsworth was in the Netflix film Metal Lords, and Jaya star Ashna Rabheru featured in Indian Summers and Teenage Kicks. They are joined by Harry Redding, Natalie Gavin and Ellis Howard. Probably the biggest name of the show is Vinny Mason actor Samuel Anderson, who has starred in Trollied, Loaded, The History Boys and Another Life. Red Rose is available to watch on Netflix and BBC iPlayer.