Tommy Fury’s team have outright denied allegations of ‘fight-fixing’ after a ‘script’ for the Mancunian’s grudge match with Jake Paul was leaked hours before they are set to make their way to the ring. TNT’s manager Jimmy Harrington and brother Shane both branded the ‘script’ as “bulls***”. The document which made its way around social media this morning lays out a round-by-round set of events for the Saudi showdown, starting with The Problem Child entering the ring in a baby outfit to troll his rival. It then states that after a cagey opener, Fury will dominate the second 'landing several combinations' with Paul then replying in the third leading to an injury to Fury’s left eye. After a doctor is called in to assess Fury in the fifth round the fight is 'scripted' to continue through the sixth and seventh rounds before Paul stops the Brit in the eighth and final stanza. In the aftermath, the ‘script’ says that the pair will argue with each other with Fury demanding a rematch which is then granted by Paul on the condition that it happens in Los Angeles. Unsurprisingly, the far-fetched conspiracy has been shrugged off by Fury’s team. His brother Shane told iFL TV: “I’ve heard a WhatsApp that Tommy is getting 7million to take a dive or something or to lose on points. “No, listen if Tommy can win, Tommy will win it. You hear a lot about this with fights getting rigged, not with our team but with other teams and that. Tyson has been in boxing for 15 years and no one has ever come and done any skulduggery or anything like that. So, it’s easy to say something like things is rigged. But I’ve never seen it first hand and that’s a load of bulls****.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Mayweather vs Chalmers event like a ghost town with O2 left bare Floyd Mayweather beats Aaron Chalmers as fans snub British debut Jake Paul worth three times more than Raducanu and Russell Meanwhile, manager Harrington told the same YouTube channel: “Move on. If people think that he is going to do a quick two-step and this, this and this, bulls***. I didn’t even want to go down that route, you are disrespecting my intelligence by asking that b***** question, what a load of old s****. Done, end. Let’s move onto the next segment.” Paul has had such baseless accusations made against him for the entirety of his five-year stint in the sport. The ex-Disney actor has flat-out rejected the rumours and branded such theories as ‘pathetic’ and ‘stupid’. “I lose faith in my generation and my peers and us as a society and a world when I see that type of stuff and that type of stupidity," he said. "It just sucks. It sucks because I worked so hard for this. I dedicate everything, sacrifice everything, every single day, bust my balls, have a 15-person team working around the clock to help me become the best boxer possible, and when I do something like beating Anderson Silva, they try to take it away from me. But I know deep down, and I guess that’s all that really matters.”