Liz Truss has snubbed Joe Biden, saying she "didn't have time" for his commentary on her economic policies. Mr Biden described the former Prime Minister's mini-budget as a "mistake", just days after the policies were unveiled. In her first TV interview since stepping down as Prime Minister, Ms Truss was asked where she was when she heard about the US President's criticism. Speaking to Katy Balls and Fraser Nelson from Spectator TV, the former PM responded: "It was quite a busy time Katy, so I can’t remember exactly what I was doing. "But we’d been through the very difficult death of Her Majesty the Queen and the funeral. "I’d actually been over and met President Biden at the UN. We were then dealing with the issues of energy but also dealing with very serious security issues – Russian sabre-rattling – so I didn’t really have time to call President Biden or get concerned about his comments because we needed to deliver on what was a very difficult situation." Ms Truss also launched a challenge to Mr Sunak's tax rises, calling for the UK to pursue a growth agenda. The former Prime Minister said the UK needs to "do things differently" as it has had "low economic growth for over a decade". She warned the UK is "falling behind other countries", adding: "There’s no doubt there’s a problem". But, taking a swipe at Mr Sunak, the UK's shortest-serving Prime Minister warned that the solution is not "putting up taxes or restricting business". While she said she has "learnt a lot" from her time in office - saying she "understands what some of the pitfalls are" - Ms Truss called for the UK to pursue an agenda which involves Brtain "growing faster and becoming more competitive". In his Autumn Statement, Mr Sunak announced a swathe of tax rises and spending cuts, taking taxes to their highest level since WW2.  In her first TV interview since resigning as Prime Minister, Ms Truss told Spectator TV she does not regret going for Prime Minister. But she denied wanting to return to Number 10 as Prime Minister again.  She said she "definitely" wants to be part of "promoting a pro-growth agenda" going forward, confirming that she will continue serving as an MP. Ms Truss, who was replaced by Mr Sunak, said she will support him as PM.   Her Government lasted just 49 days after its mini-budget spooked financial markets, prompting Tory MPs to force her resignation. Yesterday, Ms Truss published a 4,000-word article in the Sunday Telegraph in which she claimed her plans were brought down by "the left-wing economic establishment". Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said his "heart sunk" when he read the piece. He added: "The former Prime Minister's contest of who was the biggest failure is just about the last thing that this country needs right now." 