Chelsea have a number of managers they could appoint straight away if they decide to sack Graham Potter. The Blues suffered another defeat on Sunday to London rivals Tottenham to pile more pressure on their current boss. Chelsea have now won just one of their last 11 matches in all competitions. Second-half goals from Oliver Skipp and Harry Kane condemned Potter to more misery at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Potter has continued to be backed by the Chelsea board despite a poor run of results. But it may soon get to a point where the former Brighton manager hasn't got a leg to stand on. Chelsea have scored just four goals in those last 11 matches. Express Sport looks at who could replace Potter immediately if Todd Boehly pulls the trigger. READ MORE: Rashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man Utd  Pochettino has been out of work since leaving Paris Saint-Germain last summer. He has been linked with a number of jobs during his time out of the game but is yet to give the thumbs up to any club. The Argentine was long linked with Manchester United but Erik ten Hag's success at Old Trafford means that opportunity has gone for a while at least. Pochettino used to manage Chelsea's rivals Tottenham, which could come into his thinking. He has always remained open to a return to Spurs. But a vacancy may open up at Stamford Bridge before Tottenham are in search of a new boss. Zidane has only ever managed Real Madrid in his coaching career. He did that with some aplomb, winning three Champions Leagues and two La Liga titles. The former midfielder was holding out for the France job following the World Cup in Qatar. But Didier Deschamps signed a new contract in January to keep him in charge of Les Bleus until 2026. Zidane won't want to be out of work until then. Chelsea could offer him the opportunity to turn around their crisis. DON'T MISSFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesBenni McCarthy was left 'heartbroken' by Man Utd and Mourinho hammered himMan Utd coach McCarthy played role in Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub  Former Barcelona boss Enrique left his role with the Spain national team after the World Cup. A penalty shootout defeat to Morocco saw him resign as manager. He hasn't been in charge of a club since leaving Barca in 2017. But he stated in December he would like to return to domestic football. Enrique won two La Liga titles and the Champions League when in charge at Barca. Could Tuchel make a sensational return to west London? Many Chelsea fans were disappointed to see him sacked last September. Boehly barely gave the German a chance following a big summer spend. Tuchel is yet to take up a new job, so is available. Boehly may have to swallow some pride in making a call to Tuchel. Whether he would accept a return to Chelsea is another matter.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here