Paris Saint-Germain star Sergio Ramos has received the second-most red cards in history so far in his professional career. The defender has never been afraid of ‘taking one for the team’, though he will certainly feel that he could have controlled his temper on other occasions. Ramos was a key player for Real Madrid during his 16-year spell at the club, winning it all at the club and writing himself into the history books at the Santiago Bernabeu. The 36-year-old is widely regarded as one of the best central defenders of all time, and it came as no surprise that PSG were desperate to acquire his services in 2021. The Spaniard has struggled with injuries since arriving in the Ligue 1, making just 32 appearances for the club and scoring twice. But Ramos’ impact will have been felt off of the pitch, with his experience and leadership making a difference behind the scenes. However, PSG boss Christophe Galtier will be hoping that the defender does not encourage the hot-headedness that he has shown over the years. Ramos has been sent off a staggering 28 times during his career according to SportsAdda - the second-most by a professional player ever. READ MORE: Wrexham owner Ryan Reynolds considering major investment in new team Ramos is unlikely to ever claim the top spot, though, with the ‘world’s dirtiest footballer’ Gerardo Bedoya being dismissed on a remarkable 46 separate occasions. The current Santa Fe assistant has retained his fiery nature into his managerial career too, with the referee regularly having to visit the touchline at the Colombian club. Ramos has the record for the most red cards received in La Liga history, with his willingness to get stuck in also being a significant downfall in his game. The defender was dismissed on 21 occasions in the Spanish top-flight, receiving two since he joined PSG – with his most recent coming after being shown a second yellow card against Reims for protesting against his first booking. DON'T MISS Martin Odegaard and Jack Grealish in disagreement after Arsenal vs Man City clash Man Utd hatch Mason Greenwood plan involving 'groups from the men's and women's squads' Italy legend Marco Materazzi gave Mario Balotelli ‘a good beating’ under Mourinho's reign  The veteran star has revealed that when he does retire he won’t leave the public eye and intends on being a key figure at a football club during an interview with UEFA. Speaking earlier this week, he said: “I invest a lot of time in football, and I’ve not had time for family. So when I retire I’ll spend two years dedicated to my children’s upbringing, experiencing everyday things which you can’t do alongside football, like skiing, taking the kids on holiday with no pressure, taking them to tennis classes – a normal life. “I’ll have to be more on top of my businesses, but ultimately what gives me adrenaline and fires me up is football. I’ve done it my whole life and it’s what I do best. I can see myself being a [club] president, a sporting director or coach.”