It’s hard to say how many children are forced to marry each year but some estimates put the number in the thousands. We know how damaging it can be to victims’ life chances. Almost all are withdrawn from education. Most are torn away from their families. Tragically many face domestic abuse and physical and sexual violence. The Marriage and Civil Partnership (Minimum Age) Act 2022, which comes into force today does three vital things to clamp down on this appalling practice. Firstly, it scraps the current exception to the law that allows 16 and 17 year olds to marry with the permission of a parent or judge. The age of marriage in England and Wales is 18 – no ifs, no buts. Secondly, anyone trying to arrange or cause a child to enter a marriage could be prosecuted and jailed for up to 7 years. There is no defence and no exceptions. It’s impossible to put an estimate on it but it’s reasonable to assume that most child marriages are unregistered. These ceremonies take place without a registrar or a religious leader to document them. This does not make them harmless – far from it. Making vows to one another in this way can be recognised by families as more important than the formalities of paperwork.  That’s why we have closed a loophole to ensure that we capture all child marriages, not just the registered ones. Finally, we know that one of the most common ways child marriage takes place is by taking children out of the country. Like campaigner Farhana Raval, who was taken to Bangladesh at 16 and forced into marriage. Perpetrators of child marriage will no longer be able to get away with this. Anyone who lives in England or Wales, or any UK national who ever has, is protected by this law wherever they are in the world. This Government is committed to safeguarding children, and as Conservatives we know the importance of strong families. By clamping down on this dreadful practice we are protecting both children and families. This is one of the most definitive child marriage laws anywhere in the world, and protects every child born in this country from the dangers and damage caused by being forced to marry against their will. 