Nick Kyrgios’ manager has issued an update following the Aussie’s knee surgery. The world No 20 underwent an arthroscopic procedure to clean up his lateral meniscus and remove a paralabral cyst last week and is now bidding to be back in time for next month’s Indian Wells Masters. Kyrgios was forced to pull out of the Australian Open on day one of the tournament after an MRI scan revealed he had a cyst in his knee. The seven-time title winner quickly underwent surgery in Canberra a week later, posting to Instagram to confirm that the procedure had gone well as he planned to start his rehab and recovery. And the 27-year-old’s friend and manager Daniel ‘Horse’ Horsfall has now shared an update as he revealed that the procedure was a success, with Kyrgios now beginning his recovery process while in a knee brace. “The surgery went great,” Horse told SEN Sportsday. “To be honest, we couldn’t have asked for a better result. We’re all pretty pleased, the team is ready to go, when he’s ready, we’re ready.” The Wimbledon finalist has already been sharing Instagram stories from the gym as he focused on building the rest of his body as his knee recovers, while is manager revealed that his movement was limited in the immediate aftermath. JUST IN: Rybakina coach criticised again despite champion slamming 'fake news'   “He’s in a knee brace at the moment, he only has movement up to about 70 degrees,” he continued. “We have a post-op appointment today to test where it’s at, but we’ve been talking to the surgeon most days and also the physio.” And Kyrgios could even recover faster than originally hoped as Horse hinted that the world No 20 may exceed his own comeback expectations, originally planning to return at the Indian Wells Masters. His manager added: “They’re really, really pleased, he might be recovering faster than what we were expecting so it’s good news.” DON'T MISSDjokovic, Nadal and Federer's greatest Slam wins after Novak's verdictNovak Djokovic's full injury diagnosis shared by Australian Open bossZverev to face no action from ATP as abuse investigation concludes  The 27-year-old is yet to officially start his 2023 season after experiencing a career-best year in 2022 - winning the Australian Open men’s doubles title, reaching the Wimbledon singles final and winning his seventh career title in Washington. He was first struck down by an ankle injury that saw him pull out of the United Cup and Adelaide before the knee proved to be a problem. His only match so far has been a charity exhibition against Novak Djokovic ahead of the Australian Open, which saw Kyrgios and his team defeat the eventual Aussie Open winner in a match tiebreak in front of a sold-out Rod Laver Arena crowd. And the pressure will be on as soon as he makes his return, as the 27-year-old is defending quarter-final points from last year’s run at Indian Wells.