When Harry Waters Jr arrived on the set of Back to the Future to shoot his Marvin Berry scenes at the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance, it wasn’t just a fresh start for him. The production crew had just finished reshooting weeks of footage with Michael J Fox, who had replaced Eric Stoltz as Marty McFly. As with the rest of the cast, the actor who played Chuck Berry’s fictional brother thought the movie was just another job until it arrived in cinemas and became a colossal hit. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, Harry said: “I was surprised by the movie, because I never got the whole script! And then it comes out and they got to my song Earth Angel and I was floored with what they did with it because all of a sudden there’s this huge orchestral support! It was jaw-dropping. Then the album went gold, so I was on a gold record! That was totally unexpected. How could anyone even know that was going to happen?!” The 69-year-old, who sang his signature track with Back to the Future the Musical’s Marvin Berry after a special performance of the West End show, has fond memories of working on the first two films in the trilogy. Harry continued: “Michael J Fox is like one of the nicest people you could ever meet and we did get to share a beer and cigarette in his trailer We had lots of time to hang out and just talk. He was so accessible.” The Marvin Berry actor was amazed at how well the Marty star could play the electric guitar, claiming Johnny B Goode would have sounded great even without the overdub. Four years after Back to the Future was a mega-hit and he found himself on a recreation of the same 1955 set for Part II’s time travel shenanigans when Doc and Marty were trying to avoid bumping into their other selves. He said: “It was totally unexpected and out of the blue! They were also shooting Back to the Future Part III at the same time. So there were sets that could overlap in the soundstage on the backlot of Universal. So you could walk a few hundred feet and see the Western DeLorean and [mine shaft] tunnels. It was like, ‘What’s that?!’” The actor then went on to reveal a deleted scene from Back to the Future Part II that could well have disrupted the space-time continuum. READ MORE: Back to the Future meets James Bond – When Daniel Craig Marty met Doc Harry said the deleted scene took place when Part II Marty dressed in a black hat and jacket was climbing over the top of the stage in the scaffolding as Part I Marty was playing Johnny B Goode below. He shared: “There’s a take where I look up, then look on stage and go, ‘Naaaaaa’ and then make the phone call. So I would have been the one person to see both Martys!” Back to the Future the Musical is playing at the Adelphi Theatre in the West End now and on Broadway from June 30, 2023 – Tickets can be booked here.