Prince Harry was third in line to the throne when he was born, but the Duke of Sussex has now dropped to fifth behind his brother Prince William and his children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. A new Express.co.uk poll, however, has found that a staggering 95 per cent of readers think he should lose his position. Harry stepped back from his duties as a senior member of the Royal Family three years ago alongside his wife Meghan Markle. The couple relocated to the US and were stripped of their HRH status but retained the Sussex dukedom. Harry also maintained his place in the line of succession. Last month Harry’s highly-anticipated memoir Spare was published, making a series of allegations against the Firm. It also reignited the public debate surrounding Harry’s royal status. In a poll that ran from 5pm on Monday, January 30, to 10:45am on Wednesday, February 8, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Prince Harry lose his place in the line of succession?” A whopping 27,880 readers cast their votes with the overwhelming majority, 95 per cent (26,444 people) answering “yes” in support of Harry losing his position. Whereas five per cent (1,336 people) said “no” he should retain his place, and 100 people said they did not know. READ MORE: Brits say Prince Harry should be removed from line of succession Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Harry’s entitlement to the throne. There was widespread agreement among readers that Harry should lose his place in the line of succession. Username liampluslila wrote: “Of course he should be removed.” Username Bygeorge said: “Without any doubts at all, there must not be even the slightest chance that he could become King.” Similarly, username Audumla said: “Yes, he has betrayed the King and country and there should be no chance whatsoever of him becoming King.” And username bmcgifford added: “If he was ever in a position to become King that would spell the end of the Monarchy in the UK.”  Another, username Independent Brit, wrote: “Most emphatically yes! He should be removed from the line of succession forthwith.” Likewise, username Valantine daid: “Yes He should be removed from the institution that he hates so much.” Username Finflow remarked: “Should have already been done…its a disgrace he continues to be [in the line of succession]!” While username TheBride said: “Of course. How could the British people have a king who is non-working and doesn't live in Great Britain.” DON'T MISS: Harry may 'have turned out differently' if Diana chose his school [INSIGHT]Harry looks like 'he still wants to be part of Firm' in new clip [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry must be grilled over Samantha Markle claims [REPORT] Other readers commented that this should be extended to his children three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet, who are sixth and seventh in the line of succession respectively. Username MrsMitchell said: “Not only should Henry lose his place in the succession but also any of his descendants.” Another, username GlobalHelix said: “Harry should not be in the line of succession and neither should his children.” Username ursh45 wrote: “Most definitely he should lose his line in succession and so should his children.” And username Here Goes commented: “Yes, Harry and his offspring should be removed from the line of succession.” A recent survey conducted by Techne poll for the Express between January 25 and 26, showed some 66 per cent of the 1,624 Britons asked were in support of Harry and his children being removed from the line of succession. While just 18 per cent thought they should maintain their positions and 16 per cent said they did not know. However, a minority of readers thought that removing Harry would not be necessary given his position. Username Cardenal Mendoza. said: “He's already too far down the pecking order for that possibility to be realistic.” While username xand said: “What would be the point, in the next 15 years or so William's kids will be up and married with children of their own, and that point harry will be so far down the line of succession.” King Charles III cannot revoke his son’s entitlement to the throne, instead, an Act of Parliament would need to be passed to achieve this. The Crown Act 2013 was last updated 10 years ago to end male primogeniture and ensure that a younger son cannot displace an elder daughter in the line of succession. This equality amendment meant that Charlotte maintained her position following the birth of Louis.