A woman has been left fuming with drivers in her neighbourhood for parking outside her driveway and has taken action to try to stop them. Sibongile Mude became increasingly irritated by people's parking that she decided to stick notes to the windscreens of cars that had parked outside her drive, blocking her driveway. Sibongile, who can be found on TikTok under the unsername @sibs89, frequently shares clips from her daily life and recently posted a clip explaining the parking situation and the action she decided to take. In one of the clips she shared the angry note she stuck to windscreens of cars. The note read: "Your parking is NOT okay. You have blocked in my car - in my driveway! I am now stuck!!" While another message written by the stressed homeowner read: "You have parked in front of my driveway. I need to park MY CAR." Sibongile and her friends have even confronted some of the drivers who happen to return to their vehicle while the woman is filming, with one woman caught on camera telling them her parking was "not a big deal". Explaining what the woman had said, Sibongile wrote in the comments of one video: "What's said ... 'You're blocking my car' and she said, 'It's not much of a big deal' and then she told her, to do one ... plus other words l can not say." Sibongile even shared one video which showed three different cars parked across the exit to her driveway on three separate days, and explained that some of them are there for hours. She wrote in the comments: "It's annoying because you guys only see 30 seconds, but some of these guys park for one to two hours, and we need in and out of our driveway quite often." Commenters on the woman's videos have come up with a variety of solutions to her problem, including asking the council to paint lines on the road in front of her driveway or placing cones down to deter people from parking. One person said: "You might have to cover some or all the cost but I’m sure the local council can authorise white lines to help people realise there’s access needed." While another added: "Can't you put some cones down to stop people parking there?"