HBO’s hit fantasy drama had viewers gripped as they were transported to the Seven Kingdoms. Although fans had to wait for the weekly instalments during its time on air, stuntman and star Adam Basil exclusively revealed to Express.co.uk being on set to see spoilers was the worst part of the production.  Although Game of Thrones came to a divisive end, the thrilling drama was dubbed one of the greatest series of the 21st century. It drew in millions of viewers from across the world as they tuned in to watch the gripping battle for the Iron Throne. Much of the cast, including Basil, were also great fans of the show despite having front-row seats on the set. While many would believe this is great for inside knowledge of the storyline, Adam hit out at the leaks. READ MORE: Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out'   In season five’s The Dance of the Dragons, Adam made an unforgettable appearance as a Gladiator during Daenerys Targaryen’s (played by Emilia Clarke) visit to Meereen. Although his character blew her away with the ability to defeat his opponent, starring on the show provided major series leaks for Adam. Reflecting on his time on the show, Adam admitted: “The worst part of it are the spoilers. “When I did Dance of the Dragon, Peter Dinklage was with the Queen and all the others, I was like, ‘What the hell happened.’”   He explained: “In season seven where they showed the dragons, they showed it to us in what they call a preview, so its them showing digital active computer image of what the scene is going to be. “There I saw someone throw a spear and kill a dragon, I was like, 'What they kill a dragon?’ And it’s like that all the time, you get to see it before it came out. “They still guard it, you won’t get to see the whole script, you’ll just see the scene you’re in.” DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [REACTION]Game of Thrones star claims bosses could’ve ended finale differently [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon season 2 release: Filming date confirmed [UPDATE]    Season seven’s Beyond the Wall also left viewers emotional and in shock as Daenerys’ dragon, Viserion was killed. The Night King (Vladimir Furdik) and his army of White Walkers launched their attack on Winterfell causing a number of deaths. After killing Viserion with a spear, the dragon was turned into an ice zombie and breathed blue fire at his non-zombie dragon siblings, Drogon and Rhaegal. As well as opening up about his bitter feeling towards the spoilers, Adam also shared his opinion on the series finale.   He revealed: “I wasn’t too bad with it, I think it's such a huge thing, not everyone was going to be happy with how they had to end it.” Despite this, Adam offered his own suggestion and stated: “Maybe they didn’t have to do this huge thing. “Maybe they could’ve done the smaller style episodes and not had a two-year gap, that would’ve been good.” While the two-year gap between seasons seven and eight seemed to be an issue for Adam, other fans were bothered by the storylines.  Game of Thrones seasons 1-8 are available to stream on HBO in the USA and on NOW in the UK. 