A survivor of the University of Idaho murders believed the sounds of her roommates being killed were from a noisy party, it has been reported. Dylan Mortensen, 21, allegedly asked her friends to keep it down as she thought the commotion in the house wasn't serious. A source close to the case told NewsNation that Mortensen shouted: "Calm down, you're being loud!" after opening her bedroom door at around 4am on November 13.   After hearing more loud noises, she opened her door again. But this time, she saw her roommates' suspected killer, the source told NewsNation. Mortensen also told authorities that she saw a black-clad figure wearing a mask when she opened her bedroom door, according to a police report released in January. Local police weren't called to the Idaho house until around midday. READ MORE: Idaho murder suspect's body language in court showed 'fixation seen in killers'  Dylan Mortensen and Bethany Funke were home when the killings took place, but neither were attacked. It is not clear why it took eight hours for the roommates to call police, but court documents revealed Mortensen stood in "frozen shock" when she opened her door on the second floor and saw the suspect walk past her and toward sliding doors.She also claimed she heard the suspect say "it's OK, I'm here to help you" as he wandered around the house.According to a probable cause affidavit, Mortensen described the suspect as a man at least 5'10" tall with an athletic build and bushy eyebrows. READ MORE: Forensic expert describes 'dramatic' moment Idaho killer may have started slaying students  The court document read: "The male walked past D.M. as she stood in a 'frozen shock phase'. The male walked towards the back sliding glass door. D.M. locked herself in her room after seeing the male. "D.M. did not state that she recognized the male. This leads investigators to believe that the murderer left the scene." Police believe the killings took place between 4am and 4.25am, based on phone records and the statements provided by Mortensen. When investigators arrived at the Moscow home, they walked upstairs and found Kernodle outside her bedroom door with wounds "caused by an edged weapon". Chapin was found inside the room with similar injuries. Goncalves and Mogen were found dead in a bedroom with a dog on the third floor. Police said the pair had "visible stab wounds". A leather knife sheath with the US Marine Corps insignia was found next to Mogen's body and bore crucial DNA evidence, according to cops. They also found a "diamond-shaped pattern (similar to the pattern of a Vans type shoe sole)" just outside Mortensen’s door.A white sedan seen near the house around the time of the killings was also connected to Kohberger. The affidavit claims the car's licence plates were switched after the four murders. 