Jamie Carragher has mocked Chelsea owner Todd Boehly by taking a swipe at the American owner for his lavish spending since taking control of the Premier League club. The Blues were beaten by Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in their Champions League last-16 knockout tie on Wednesday and Carragher could not resist aiming a dig at the billionaire with a joke at his expense. After their victory, the entire Dortmund squad stood in front of the Yellow Wall, which acted like the 12th man for Dortmund in helping them get over the line after a noisy reception at Signal Iduna Park. Presenter Kate Abdo asked Carragher about the effect of the fans in Germany in helping Dortmund beat big-spending Chelsea, and the Liverpool icon could not resist the chance to make a joke at the expense of the London club and their owner Boehly. "It's interesting you say that I mean the whole squad's there. It's just come through on social media, Todd Boehly's put in a bid for the whole squad of Dortmund!" Carragher joked, prompting laughter in the studio from Abdo as well as fellow pundits Thierry Henry and Micah Richards. READ MORE: Chelsea have Joao Felix belief after devising 'summer transfer plan' The Blues succumbed to defeat in Germany despite dominating for large periods of the game, as Karim Adeyemi punished the west London side from their own corner to score a superb solo goal on 64 minutes. But Graham Potter's side only had themselves to blame for failing to score, with 21 shots and seven on target, as they struggled to find a way past Gregor Kobel. Joao Felix missed two golden chances to put them ahead with the scores goalless, while Kai Havertz and Mykhaylo Mudryk did not fare much better. It is the third game in four now that Potter's men have gone without scoring, having spent £323million in January on three new attackers and star midfielder Enzo Fernandez. DON'T MISSChelsea transfer tactics 'baffling' Jamie Carragher in brutal digJamie Carragher calls Chelsea out for 'glaring' transfer errorCarragher gives reason Man Utd and Chelsea will miss out on top four Boehly and co-owner Behdad Eghbali were spotted in the director's box for the game, having been in Paris the day prior to the European fixture, and the duo looked frustrated as they failed to score again. It is certainly not the first time Carragher has taken a pop at the 48-year-old billionaire, whose 'scattergun' approach to the transfer market has divided opinion amongst fans and pundits alike. The club have spent £600m on transfers since his takeover in May 2022, but the club are down in 10th in the Premier League and have won two out of 14 games under Potter. Back in September, Carragher slammed Boehly for his 'arrogance' after suggesting there should be a Premier League North vs South All-Star match in England, similar to what occurs annually in Major League Soccer.