North Korea’s show of military strength was clearly intended to send a signal to Joe Biden about the Hermit State’s ability to target the US with nuclear strikes, an analysis has claimed. Vann H Van Diepen, who served as the US Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for International Security and Nonproliferation from 2009-2016 in the Obama administration, was commenting on pictures from last week’s huge military parade in Pyongyang, attended by both Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un and his daughter, 10-year-old Kim Ju Ae. Television and press coverage showed four road-mobile launchers for a likely new solid-propellant intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), what Mr Van Diepen, writing on the 38 North website, called an “unprecedented” 12 mobile launchers for the large liquid-propellant Hwasong (HS)-17 ICBM, and 24 launchers for short-range ballistic missiles (SRBMs) and land-attack cruise missiles (LACMs) assembled in what the North termed “tactical nuclear weapons operation units". Mr Van Diepen said: “Showing off a new solid ICBM and multiple ICBM launchers clearly signals North Korea’s ability to threaten the US homeland, its advancing technology and missile production capability and its intention to retain missiles. “While parading ‘tactical nukes’ highlights the nuclear threat it poses to South Korea. In underscoring both missile types, Pyongyang is sending a strong deterrence message while probably seeking to dissuade escalation from Washington in a crisis and erode Seoul’s confidence in US extended deterrence.” He added: “Parading “tactical nuclear weapons operation units” highlights the nuclear threat to Seoul and US forces on the peninsula in addition to furthering the other objectives noted above, and probably also seeks to foment tensions in the Alliance. “In underscoring both ICBMs and “tactical nukes” together, Pyongyang is sending a strong deterrence message while probably seeking to dissuade American escalation in a crisis or provocation and erode Seoul’s confidence in the credibility of US extended deterrence.” The parade, on February 8, marked the 75th anniversary of the founding of North Korea’s army and came after weeks of preparations involving huge numbers of troops and civilians mobilised to glorify Kim’s rule and his relentless push to cement his country's status as a nuclear power. North Korean state TV video released Thursday showed Kim, wearing a black coat and fedora, arriving at the parade with his wife and daughter in a limousine. They received thunderous cheers from thousands of troops and spectators packed in brightly illuminated Kim Il Sung Square, named after his grandfather, the nation’s founder. JUST IN: NATO urged to supply Ukraine with key weapons to blitz Russian tanks KNCA, North Korea’s state news agency described the ICBMs as crucial weapons supporting North Korea’s ongoing stance of “nuke for nuke and an all-out confrontation for an all-out confrontation” with its enemies, Mr Van Diepen pointed out. North Korea is coming off a record-breaking year in weapons testing. The dozens of missiles it fired in 2022 included potentially nuclear-capable systems designed to strike targets in South Korea and the US mainland. The intensified tests were punctuated by fiery statements and a new law threatening pre-emptive nuclear attacks against its neighbours and the United States in a broad range of scenarios. His daughter’s appearance has fuelled speculation that she is being lined up as his successor. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT] She has been called “respected” and “beloved,” and a photo released Wednesday showed her sitting in the seat of honour at a banquet, flanked by generals and her parents. North Korean state TV video released Thursday showed Kim, wearing a black coat and fedora, arriving at the parade with his wife and daughter in a limousine. They received thunderous cheers from thousands of troops and spectators packed in brightly illuminated Kim Il Sung Square, named after his grandfather, the nation’s founder. After saluting his guards, Kim held hands with his daughter as they walked down a red carpet. The family entered a building where they sat on a leather couch, chatting and sharing snacks and drinks with top officials as they waited for the main march to start.