Chelsea’s eagerness to spend in the January transfer window on a host of new players could cost the club one of their most recognisable stars, as Mason Mount is reportedly frustrated that the Blues have not met his wage demands for a proposed new contract. The England man’s current deal at Stamford Bridge expires in 2024 and there is no guarantee of an extension on the horizon. The Daily Mail have claimed that the two parties are far apart on agreeing terms on an extension as Mount is hoping to triple his current £80,000-a-week wages, but the club are offering him less than some of their recent recruits such as Raheem Sterling. Negotiations are set to resume, though Mount will be frustrated that he is valued less than some of the club’s new signings, despite the service he has given Chelsea in recent years which included a key role in their Champions League win in 2021. The report claims that Mount has been left questioning his status at the club and the 24-year-old will have a right to be disappointed with a low-ball offer as Todd Boehly and co have not had a problem with splashing the cash since arriving at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea broke the British transfer record on deadline day with the £107million signing of Enzo Fernandez, on top of an already huge outlay having signed Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Joao Felix, Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana while also agreeing summer deals for Christopher Nkunku and Malo Gusto. In the two windows under their new ownership, Chelsea have spent over £500m just on transfer fees and handed out lucrative contracts that have tied some of their new recruits to the club until 2031. Mount will not be the only player displeased if the squad inherited by co-owner Boehly are not treated with the same level of respect as the shiny new toys. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed Another vital cog in Graham Potter’s team has been in negotiations regarding a new contract in the form of Thiago Silva and while the 38-year-old has insisted that talks are ongoing, until an extension is confirmed there will be lingering doubts. Both Silva and Mount have been mentioned with possible moves to Liverpool, though there is more concrete interest in the midfielder. The Reds’ midfield issues have been well-documented and Mount’s intensity could appeal to Jurgen Klopp’s outfit as they look to bolster their options in the middle of the pitch. They have been attempting to land Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham but if the teenager is put off by their drop-off in performances this season, Mount could be seen as an alternative and they could look to take advantage of his contract situation and sign him for a relatively low fee.