A 6ft5ins former carer turned OnlyFans model called Amazonian Charlie is making as much as £60,000 a month from her fans. The 27-year-old Babestation presenter moved from London to Teesside five years ago and used to work two jobs, in hospitality and in caring, to “make ends meet”.    Charlie said prior to modelling, her career was going “nowhere fast” so decided to use her height to her advantage, Teesside Live reports. “I used to work within the hospitality area along with the carers - I used to do end-of-life care as well as hospitality just to attempt to make ends meet. Those [people] are very underpaid, very underworked, and very underappreciated”, she told Teesside Live. “I woke up one day and realised I don't want to work 60 hours a week for the rest of my life completely underrated, underpaid, and exhausted - I was going nowhere fast. So I decided to make a career out of something that I have always had, which is my height." Charlie admitted she’s not encountered anyone else quite like her.     "My height is a niche - I've not actually met a female taller than me to be honest!" In her previous roles, the lofty model said she would “constantly” receive comments and “unwanted attention” because of her height. Her physicality meant that she was taken advantage of by colleagues as she could do “certain things easier”. The presenter, who works on Babestation’s daytime output, said “all aspects of height” go into her modelling. “I do private sales online so that is done through social media - one of which includes an OnlyFans account”, she said. READ MORE: Woman sacked on first day for broken teeth wins court battle    "I think the most that I have made solely from an OnlyFans account in one month off the top of my head was over £60,000. [My wage] fluctuates- people think that it is easy to do something like this.” She continued: “It's not easy - you have to be your own producer, you have to be your own advertiser, you have to make yourself stand out from the rest. The more effort you put into it the more you get out of it - the more money you put into it the more you get out of it. “Everything has to be high-quality production.”  As a youngster, who was 6ft5 at the age of 14, Charlie was “severely bullied”. As a consequence she moved school numerous times. Due to her height, she often felt like the “odd one out” amongst friends. "It was something I would always try to hide. I would slouch, I wouldn't be who I actually am”, she said.     “Now it's a very nice feeling to know that I make a substantial amount of money out of being different whereas back then to me it was something that I struggled with.” The social media star conceded that her chosen career, although lucrative, isn’t her dream job. “I am not going to sit here and pretend it is what I have always wanted to do - the money is the attractive thing”, she said. “Money makes the world go round, we all go to work and go to our job regardless of what that job is and I was going nowhere fast even though I was in a politically correct job that is deemed ok by society.” “I would have worked the rest of my life, I would have had barely any pension, I would have barely afforded to get on the property ladder or help out my friends and family. Now I am in a very very stable position where I can pass that on through charity work and giving to charity and also my friends and family.”   