1923 is coming back to Paramount Plus and Spencer Dutton (played by Brandon Sklenar) is determined to return home to his family. After hearing of his uncle Jacob Dutton's (Harrison Ford) near-death experience, he felt guilty for leaving him behind. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the Jacob Dutton star, including his age. The American actor is best known for starring as Indiana Jones in the titular film franchise. He started playing the role when he was 39 years old, in 1981's Raiders of the Lost Ark. Before this, he gained worldwide fame starring as Han Solo in Star Wars from 1977. His acting career started in 1964 and he has gone on to achieve many accolades. READ MORE: 1923 star Harrison Ford shares ‘hopes’ of starring alongside wife The star was born in July 1942, making him 80 years old. He was born in Illinois and his younger brother Terence was born three years later, in 1945. He took a drama class in the final quarter of his senior year at school to get over his shyness and fell in love with acting. The star opened up about why he still wants to work at 80 years old and has no plans to retire yet. He told the New York Times: "I’ve been working pretty much back-to-back, which is not what I normally do. “I don't know how it happened. But it happened. “I love it. I love the challenge and the process of making a movie. I feel at home. It’s what I've spent my life doing." He added: "I don't want to reinvent myself. I just want to work.” DON'T MISS... Harrison Ford, 80, admits 'stretch' playing 77-year-old in 1923 series Harrison Ford pays tribute to Helen Mirren as he reflects on 1923 Harrison Ford recalls how filming conditions led to wardrobe mishap The star was digitally de-aged in Indiana Jones 5, with one of the scenes set in 1944. He told Empire he found it "a little spooky", adding "I don't think I even want to know how it works, but it works." The star has also opened up about his 1923 co-star Helen Mirren and how she was still "sexy" at 77. Ford fondly remembered his time working on The Mosquito Coast with the actress. In his latest appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, the talk show host presented a steamy still image of the pair from the film. “Sexy, and still sexy, it’s amazing,” Colbert said, to which Ford agreed: “She’s still sexy.” The audience cheered as the star peered over the desk for another look at the photo.  1923 airs on Sundays and Mondays on Paramount Plus