The Oasis frontman, 55,  misgendered the non-binary singer, as he referred to them as “him”. Noel Gallagher was speaking about the “current state of pop music” when talk turned to Sam Smith, 30, who uses the pronouns they/them. The Wonderwall hitmaker said: "Music has become quite fractured and chart music is dominated by pop. “Pop music is alright if the pop stars are cool. “Sadly the stars of today are f***ing idiots," he added. When pressed for more details on who the “uncool” stars were, Noel answered: “Sam Smith." READ MORE: Andrea McLean left bedridden she's 'been poorly for so long' When asked why he had chosen the Unholy singer, Noel seemingly ignored Sam's preferred pronouns and said: “Look at him!” Sam recently divided the internet when they wore an inflatable black outfit to the Brit Awards. They arrived at the annual music event in a couture ensemble by designer Harri that featured blown-up pants and shoulder pads. Sam — who identifies as nonbinary and uses they/them pronouns — completed their monochromatic look by wearing black latex gloves and a pair of heeled boots. The outfit began trending on Twitter, where users had a lot of opinions about the peculiar attire. “Someone is desperate for attention…wow,”  tweeted one critic. Another added: “The humiliation continues for Sam Smith – WTF is THAT?”(sic) It comes after Sam revealed they were spat at in the street after coming out as non-binary. DONT MISS:Adele ‘set to marry this summer’ as she flaunts ring from Rich Paul (PHOTOS)Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlash (NEWS)Jeremy Clarkson blames ‘rabid vegetarians’ for his farm struggles (LATEST) The Unholy hitmaker changed their gender pronouns in 2019, and said they wish they had done it sooner but also opened up about the shocking backlash. Speaking to Zane Lowe on Apple Music 1, they revealed that while there have been no issues with their new gender identity in their personal life, they had been harassed on the streets of England since coming out. They explained: "I think the only negatives in the struggle have been in my public life and my job. “And just the amount of hate and s****ness that came my way was just exhausting. “It was in the f****** news. Someone spat at me in the street. It's crazy. “What I find hard about it is it's like, if that's happening to me and I'm famous. “I'm a pop star, can you imagine what other kids, like queer kids are feeling? "And it's just so sad that we're in 2023 and it's still happening. It's exhausting and especially in England."