Manchester United owners the Glazers have decided they’re ready to keep the club if takeover bids don’t match their valuation, according to reports. It’s previously been claimed there’s a split behind the scenes over whether to sell completely. And it appears that, after receiving bids from Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani, a full takeover isn’t guaranteed. Manchester United confirmed back in November that they were open to a potential takeover, shortly after Cristiano Ronaldo had slammed the Glazers in an interview with Piers Morgan. And, on Friday, it emerged Al Thani and Ratcliffe had both made bids for the club. Previously, it’s been reported members of the Glazer family have been split over whether to cut ties with United completely - despite long being loathed figures at the club by their supporters. And The Athletic say they’ve now decided they’ll keep hold of the club should the offers fail to meet their valuation. Friday was only a ‘soft’ deadline for potential suitors to make clear their intentions. The Glazers have enlisted the help of the Raine group, who are targeting a price of £6billion to £7bn in order to strike a deal. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Right now, it’s unknown what Al Thani and Ratcliffe have offered in order to oust the Americans once and for all. But it appears the controversial figures staying on can’t be ruled out, in news which is likely to worry supporters of the club. The Glazers have owned United ever since 2005. And, initially, Sir Alex Ferguson kept the success coming at Old Trafford - with the Red Devils winning five Premier League titles in the eight years that followed. Since the Scot walked away, however, United have regressed as a club both on and off the pitch. They’ve gone six years without a trophy, with the Europa League won under Jose Mourinho back in 2017 their last piece of silverware. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And they’ll likely face a backlash unlike ever before if they were to end up staying on. Al Thani, via his Nine Two Foundation, confirmed on Friday that he was in the running to buy United. In a statement, Nine Two said: “Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad al-Thani today confirmed his submission of a bid for 100 per cent of Manchester United. “The bid plans to return the club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and – above all – will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United once more. “The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the club supports. “The vision of the bid is for Manchester United to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “More details of the bid will be released, when appropriate, if and when the bid process develops.” And it’s since emerged that Ratcliffe has made an offer for United, too. Former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie, meanwhile, believes United fans will just be relieved to see the back of the Glazers should a takeover unfold. And he believes Qatar could satisfy the demands of those supporters in question. McAvennie, speaking to Football Insider, said: “What happened in Qatar was terrible but if somebody comes into your club and spends a lot of money, you are going to back them. “Look at what happened at Newcastle. Nobody wanted Saudis but now it is like a completely different city. “All they see is their team doing very well and it will be the same with Man United. “They are massive. At Man United it does not matter who you are you are a supporter if you go in there. “They are one of the biggest clubs in the world. Everything about them is huge. “At Newcastle they didn’t want people from Saudi Arabia to take over, now nobody would say a bad word about them. It is a fickle world. “Yes there will be concerns and the club will come out with their usual statements but at the end of the day fans will see a team that is fighting on all fronts and that is what they want."