Viewers of the award winning drama welcomed its return to TV last month and this Sunday’s penultimate series plenty is in store for the no-nonsense detective. The latest instalment will see Vera swept up in a violent storm, which leads her to seek refuge and re-visit a childhood haunt. Brenda Blethyn admits the cast had much to contend with to bring the dramatic story to life. "It was so cold during filming for The Darkest Evening. I spent a couple of weeks drenched from head to foot,” she explained. “I just hoped I would have shrunk but I didn’t. Some of the rain was artificial and then we had real rain when we didn’t want it. "We also had wind machines and all the rest of it." But the weather was the least of DCI Stanhope's concerns as she is tasked with a case to crack. READ MORE: Meet Vera star Brenda Blethyn's eight siblings Teasing the plot of The Darkest Evening, Brenda explained: "At the start of that story, with no signal on her phone, Vera finds herself having to find refuge from the storm to get help having found a baby in an abandoned car. "And the only place she can go for help is into the Stanhope’s ancestral pile - Brockburn House - where Vera used to go as a child with her dad. "That brings back all kinds of memories for her." Brenda, 76, has played the role for 13 years and praises the cast’s devotion to the drama "phenomenal". While some stars of the show have left, many have remained since it began airing back in 2011. But the show has also offered many cast a foot in the door to acting in a long-running drama. Brenda previously said of her co-stars: "There’s lots of young people who come in to work on the show and they only know Vera from off the telly. "So they are all petrified when they come in. I make a point of being daft or making a joke to put them at ease.”  And it’s not just her fellow-co stars who Brenda is keen to praise as she has found the locals she meets on location just as welcoming. She told Chronicle Live: “I do love the North East. Everyone is so friendly. "I will certainly continue to visit the area once Vera has finally hung up her hat. I’d recommend anyone to go. It’s just lovely." Vera returns on Sunday night with a two hour offering of The Darkest Evening at 8pm on ITV1. 