Marco Asensio's representatives will travel to London this week to explore the possibility of a move to England ahead of this summer, according to reports. The Real Madrid star will be available to sign on a free transfer at the end of the season, with Premier League duo Arsenal and Liverpool both said to be interested in the midfielder. The 27-year-old is out of contract in June and talks over a renewal with the La Liga giants are yet to reach a positive conclusion. Real Madrid have offered him a four-year deal to remain at the Santiago Bernabeu, but the attacking midfielder is set to weigh up his options. Asensio's first priority is to continue with Madrid and, although he is keen to land a significant pay rise, the financial aspect is not key to him staying, as per Marca. Instead, he he wants to 'feel important' for Carlo Ancelotti, with competition for the last spot in the front three rife with Rodrygo also liked by the Italian coach. It adds that the situation will be resolved one way or another by the end of February, with his agent Jorge Mendes assessing contract offers that have been submitted for the Spaniard. READ MORE: Liverpool in three-horse race as Marco Asensio prepares transfer talks And it is reported by The Mirror that the Portuguese transfer guru's agency, Gestifute, will send agents to London to discuss the opportunities available to his client. Asensio is eligible to negotiate with foreign clubs about a pre-contract agreement as of January 1, but Spanish clubs must wait until he is a free agent before officially opening talks. That could hand an advantage to Arsenal and Liverpool, who are understood to be monitoring a summer move for the Spain international, with Mikel Arteta known to be an admirer of the winger's talents. The Gunners are understood to be on the list of clubs set for talks with his agents as they travel to London. DON'T MISSMan Utd, Arsenal and Liverpool receive Marco Asensio newsLiverpool have fresh Champions League hope after Jurgen Klopp updateMan Utd can take note after Asensio 'referred offer to Real Madrid' However, Real's fierce rivals Barcelona have been also been linked with a shock move for Asensio and it remains possible that he could trade life in the capital for their Clasico rivals in Catalonia. Such a controversial move seems nearly impossible for such a popular player though, especially considering the treatment the likes of Luis Figo and Ronaldo Nazario received over the years after swapping sides of the Clasico divide. Asensio has made 260 appearances and scored 53 goals for the Los Blancos since joining the club in 2015 from Real Mallorca. He was on the scoresheet in the 2-0 win over Valencia on Thursday after thundering home an effort from 25 yards, with fans inside the stadium chanting his name. But with Ancelotti unable to give the player guarantees over his playing time and the club unwilling to make concessions in negotiations, Asensio may be prepared to walk away after seven seasons with the Spanish champions and a move to the Premier League is on the cards. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!