Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Parker has told Erik ten Hag to walk away from the Old Trafford job at the end of the season - if he completes a historic quadruple. The Dutch boss is gearing up for a pivotal few weeks and the Red Devils host Barcelona on Thursday as they bid to reach the last 16 of the Europa League following a 2-2 draw at the Nou Camp, before a chance at silverware in the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle. United are the only team in England capable of winning four trophies this season, as they are currently five points behind Premier League leaders Arsenal and can reach the FA Cup quarter-finals with a victory over West Ham at the beginning of March. While supporters will play down any chance of an unprecedented quadruple, Parker has acknowledged that there is a possibility of it happening and claimed that Ten Hag should resign if he brings home all four trophies at the end of the season. “It would be a massive achievement if Man United manage to win a quadruple this season but it still wouldn’t be the ultimate as it isn´t the Champions League but only the Europa League,” Parker told indiabetting. “But it would be really incredible, and honestly if it is going to happen, Erik ten Hag needs to resign after that and not carry on. Because he will never be able to surpass that. READ MORE: Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised “But I have not heard a single Man United fan speak about this as a possibility but we can´t ignore that it in theory is a possibility. But one thing is theory and another thing is being realistic and I don’t think that it is possible. But I think it’s silly that it hasn’t been mentioned by a single person or any media.” Ten Hag’s first chance at winning one trophy out of a possible four is against Newcastle, where Eddie Howe’s outfit are without both first-choice goalkeeper Nick Pope through suspension and backup Martin Dubravka, who is cup-tied having featured in the competition for United during a loan spell in the first half of the season. DON'T MISSMan Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandMan Utd owners the Glazers almost gave £106m parting gift to Ten HagMan Utd staff members' view on being kept in the dark by Glazers Former Liverpool stopper Loris Karius is likely to step in for his first appearance of the season, while Parker believes that United have become favourites to win at Wembley following their recent impressive form. “About a month ago I said that Newcastle would be the favourites to win the Carabao Cup. And I still think that I was at that moment in time but things have changed now,” Parker added. “Newcastle is not in a really good place and Man United has been very convincing in their performances recently. So, I think that Man United is the favourite to win the Carabao Cup now but it’s going to be a difficult game. Newcastle is really tough to beat.”