Newcastle star Kieran Trippier admits the Magpies will take pride in irritating Manchester United in Sunday’s Carabao Cup showdown. Eddie Howe’s side have earned a reputation as the masters of dark arts and were accused of being ‘annoying’ by Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag. Trippier has dismissed complaints from the Dutchman about the underhand activities that have proved vital for Newcastle’s remarkable campaign so far. On Sunday, the Tyneside outfit will contest their first Wembley final since 1999 and will delight in pushing boundaries to ensure they end a near-70-year wait for a major trophy. “Some teams are not happy with us this season, but it’s about being clever in that moment, about using your experience. Opposition fans are not going to like it either, because it’s against their team,” the England right-back said. “But as a neutral, it’s good to see. I don’t see why everyone’s kicking off about it. I love it. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. JUST IN: Newcastle and Sunderland supporters in heated exchange Trippier, who will captain Newcastle, played under Diego Simeone at Atletico Madrid. Trippier learned to kill the momentum of a game under the Argentine. He added: “I have experienced it a lot in Spain, it’s about knowing when to slow a game down. If you want to be successful, you have to manage the game well and at the right time.” It comes after Ten Hag complained about Newcastle time-wasting ahead of his first final as United boss. He said: “They’re an annoying team to play against, so we have to find a way to win. “They try to annoy you. We have to make sure we play our game and we focus on our game. If you see the referee wants to play an effective time, they (Newcastle) have the lowest in the league and they are quite successful with it. DON'T MISS...Glazer risks Man Utd backlash with 'wish' before Carabao Cup finalMia Khalifa sent Loris Karius a message as Carabao Cup final loomsWhat Karius has said about infamous Liverpool blunders ahead of final “So it’s up to us that we get speed in the game, and we are also then dependent on the refereeing as well.” Newcastle fans have taken over parts of London ahead of the game. They were joined in Trafalgar Square by co-owners Mehrdad Ghodoussi and Jamie Reuben. Boss Howe has said that a triumphant victory against Man Utd would be a fine reward for the supporters. “To win would mean the world to me to do that, but it would not necessarily be for me,” he said. “It would be more, genuinely, for the supporters, for everyone connected with the club to embrace that moment if we were able to do it.”