The Tories promised to take control of our laws. For a decade they have been promising to leave the ECHR. They have completely failed. Rishi Sunak’s latest threat is just more Tory talk. More weakness. More broken promises. More betrayal. It is an outrage. Britain is a great sovereign nation with a proud heritage. Our legal system is respected and trusted around the world. For centuries we have offered a safe haven for those fleeing persecution in Europe. More than any other country, Britain is responsible for proper human rights and the rule of law.That is why we led in setting up the ECHR in 1950. Winston Churchill was one of its strongest proponents. British lawyers were instrumental in drafting the Convention. Britain understood that a bill of rights was needed to ensure the horrors of World War II were never repeated.But 70 years later, the ECHR has grown into a power-grabbing bureaucracy. It has abandoned the original purpose of its founders. Today’s judges are political activists and human rights lawyers picked on national quotas. There is no democratic accountability and many have no previous judicial experience. At the last count they had more than 44,000 cases in the queue. Just look at some of their shocking decisions. For years they ruled against the deportation of dangerous extremists like Abu Hamza. They said our ban on voting for prisoners was a breach of human rights. They ruled against ‘whole life’ sentences for multiple murderers. More recently they stopped us from deporting illegal migrants to Rwanda. This is the complete opposite of what the ECHR was set up to do. Instead of protecting the human rights of innocent people, they protect law-breakers and terrorists. Their rulings have endangered lives and undermined our national security. How could this institution have fallen so low? The founders of the ECHR would turn in their graves. We can do so much better than this. Britain is a leader, not a follower. We were right when we set up the ECHR in 1950 and we are right to leave now. Our legal system is the envy of the world. We have the High Court, the Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court. Hundreds of years of knowledge, expertise and progress. Only British judges should interpret our laws.But the ECHR has more than one agenda. Just like their friends in Brussels, their aim is to undermine sovereign nations by overruling the laws passed in national parliaments. This attack on our democracy will fail. The British people are sovereign. We decide who rules us and who makes our laws. And only we can replace them. It’s as simple as that.  Labour and the Tories have done nothing while our country has been humiliated by a foreign court. But the stakes are getting higher. Government officials are expecting 80,000 illegal migrants to cross the channel this year. Many are coming to join criminal gangs.Every week I speak to hundreds of people on the doorstep. The British public know something is desperately wrong. Their anger is growing. They also know a general election is coming and this time there is a real choice.I will never allow British democracy to be overturned. A foreign court must never interfere with the constitution of our great nation. The country of Magna Carta, will never take lectures from unaccountable crony judges in Strasbourg.