Jake Paul believes Tommy Fury is ‘being forced to fight him’ by the Brit’s girlfriend Molly-Mae Hague. The Problem Child claims that Hague is ‘tired’ of being the main ‘breadwinner’ and wants Fury to ‘support his family’ financially. Of course, this is just hearsay from Paul who has been exchanging verbal jabs with his fierce rival ever since they were booked to fight each other for a third time. The pair finally square off on February 26 in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia after two failed attempts to make it happen in December 2021 and August 2022. Ahead of their latest fight date, Fury and Hague welcomed their first child Bambi into the world, and there has been a lot made of how the arrival of his daughter will affect Tommy’s mindset and preparations for the fight. Fury assured Express Sport in an exclusive interview last week that he has had no sleepless nights despite choosing to stay at home for fight camp and says that he is motivated by the idea of providing for his family. But Paul claims that Hague put the idea in his head. “Hopefully, he shows up because he is frightened, he is fumbling the bag, I don't know whether he believes in himself. The money is just too good man,” Paul told BT Sport Box Office. “He has kind of been forced into this by the fans, the media, his family and probably Molly. She is probably sitting there going, 'Yo I just had a baby (daughter, Bambi) I can't be the one to pay the bills the entire time.' “He is going to be paid 20k a fight, minus taxes, he can only pay for so many diapers. It's a hard business. This is his biggest payday, and he is going to actually be able to support his family a little bit if he gets a good wealth manager and invests his money properly. Molly is probably like, ‘yeah bro I'm tired of being the breadwinner of this relationship’.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Chisora willing to place eye-watering Paul vs Froch bet Inside Mayweather's houses, jets and girlfriends after amounting £400m Fury's dad makes Paul U-turn with surprise admission before fight Fury is reportedly set to receive an eye-watering £2.5million for his upcoming contest against Paul in Saudi Arabia this weekend. However, despite pocketing what will be his career-best payday Tommy’s father John believes his son has been ‘underpaid’. “We have probably been well underpaid, the money is one thing but if he knocks Jake spark out the world is his oyster," he told The Daily Mirror when discussing pre-fight negotiations. "Tommy will be a very popular man come February 26, I can guarantee that.” 