The critically acclaimed survival drama Squid Game became an unexpected hit after the series premiered in 2021. The popular Korean drama kept fans on the edge of their seats as 456 unexpected civilians fought for their lives in the infamous series of deadly challenges. The series was officially renewed in the summer of 2022 but any news surrounding the upcoming series has been hard to come by until star Lee Jung-Jae lifted the lid on what to expect for season two. Actor Lee Jung-Jae plays Gi-Hun, also referred to as Player 456, the main protagonist of the South Korean drama series, Squid Game. The star has finally given fans a much-needed update for when they can expect to see season two of the hit show back on our screens. When questioned on what fans could expect to see in Squid Game season two, the star responded: "It's probably safe to assume that, as we all saw at the end of season one, the main plot of season two will be revenge. "And the key figure who controlled the workings of the games in season one was Lee Byung Hun Sunbae, so it seems that the two of us will be the central figures of this next story.” READ MORE: Bridgerton star addresses season 2 absence after landing new role  Jung-Jae also touched on how he and Lee Byung-Hun, who played The Front Man in the drama series, also worked together “back in the day”. He explained: “This is the first time that I'll be working with Lee Byung Hun Sunbae, actually. Well, we worked on a drama called 'White Nights 3.98' back in the day, but we didn't have any scenes together." The star then dropped a massive hint as to when fans will be able to find out what will be next in store for Gi-Hun and the remaining crew. “Anyways, Squid Game 2 will begin filming in the summer and the filming will likely last for about 10 months. "We were working on season one for about 10 months as well, but that was with delays caused by COVID-19. But seeing as season two will be bigger in scale, it will probably take longer to complete." The first season of Squid games saw 456 desperate contestants, from all walks of life, compete with each other in a peculiar but deadly survival game, involving multiple rounds of classic Korean childhood games. Each player, who was in dire need of money, received a mysterious invitation to join the game, where they were told they had the chance of winning 45.6 billion won. After being locked into a secret location, each player had to survive a bunch of lethal versions of the traditional games. This included the likes of Red Light Green Light, Tug of War, Marbles and even hopscotch but each classic game had extremely high stakes - of life or death. DON'T MISS:Virgin River's Martin Henderson forced to apologise to fans after news1000lb Sisters' Tammy Slaton admits 'I was big from birth’Joy Behar snaps at ‘evil’ View boss after ‘embarrassing’ her  The star has also been busy filming for Disney’s 'Star Wars: The Acolyte' since the end of September last year. Jung-Jae landed his first major American studio role as the male lead in the new Disney+ Star Wars series after his excellent portrayal of Gi-Hun in Squid Games. Deadline revealed that Jung-Jae will be accompanied by Amandla Steinberg who is playing another lead role in the new Star Wars series, alongside British actress and model, Jodie Turner-Smith who will also be joining the cast. However, Lucasfilm, who is producing the upcoming series, has kept details about all the characters under wraps. Squid Game turned Jung-Jae into a global star, as he has been rewarded for his portrayal of Gin-Hun on several fronts, winning every major award since its premiere. And after signing with Creative Arts Agency last February, Jung-Jae wanted to put the finishing touches on his directorial debut for the spy-thriller film, Hunt, which he also stars in, before its Cannes Film Festival premiere. Squid Games season one is currently streaming on Netflix.