During Mr Zelensky’s meeting with King Philippe, the Ukrainian President gave the King a fragment of Russian SU25 aircraft shot down in Ukraine. Soldiers wrote on the fragment the words “Together we win”. Mr Zelensky’s visit to Belgium on February 9 was part of a tour of Europe, which included a visit to the United Kingdom. On February 8, the Ukrainian President made a surprise visit to the UK where he gave a speech to members of Parliament and met King Charles III. READ MORE: Even a visit by Zelensky can't help Sunak narrow Labour's poll lead  During his speech, Mr Zelensky thanked Britain for support it had provided since the war began. In the past year, the UK has provided comprehensive support, both humanitarian and military, to the Ukrainian war effort. As well as training Ukrainian troops, the UK has donated 14 Challenger 2 tanks to bolster Ukraine’s armoured divisions as they prepare for an anticipated Russian offensive. While, the tanks have been welcomed, on Wednesday Mr Zelensky made a fresh plea for a fighter aircraft, for the UK to provide Ukraine with “wings for freedom”. Mr Zelensky thanked Britain “in advance” for fighter jets and urged the West to intensity sanctions on Russia. He presented Speaker of the House of Commons, Sir Lindsay Hoyle with the helmet of a fighter pilot with the words “we have freedom, give us wings to protect it” adorned on it. Mr Zelensky added: “I appeal to you and the world with simple and yet most important words: combat aircraft for Ukraine, wings for freedom. “Thank you for your attention, thank you for your support. And leaving British Parliament two years ago I thanked you for delicious English tea. I will be leaving the Parliament today thanking all of you in advance for powerful English planes.”    Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said “nothing is off the table” when it comes to whether the UK will donate fighter jets. However, the UK may not be a position to give many jets away due to military cuts in recent years, including the retiring of the multi-role Tornado GR4, capable of striking targets on the ground and in the air. Another option for the UK is the Eurofighter Typhoon, some of which have been converted to strike targets on the ground. However, an RAF source told Sky some of these aircraft “are just training aircraft, no good for combat”. The only other jet available is the latest F-35, but its donation could be unlikely due to cost, expense, and maintenance requirements. Despite these limitations, the UK is continuing to train Ukrainian fast-jet pilots. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.