Donald Trump's legal challenges could potentially win him the support of a large group of Republican voters, senior counsel Gerard Filitti told Express.co.uk. Trump is seeking to reclaim the White House from Joe Biden in 2024 but will first need to secure the backing of the GOP in the party primaries. He is also facing multiple legal lawsuits investigating his business dealings as well as attempts to meddle with the elections in 2020 – and a Department of Justice inquiry into a series of classified files found in his possession since he stepped down. But rather than an obstacle to his campaign, Filitti suggested Trump's legal woes could entice Republicans to back him as they perceive the investigations into his conduct as a witch hunt. The Lawfare Project senior counsel said: "Trump’s current legal predicament actually plays well with a large number of his supporters. "The perception among supporters - which Trump himself encourages - that he is being unfairly targeted with prosecution actually motivates those supporters to vote for him, notwithstanding any potential prosecution. "Ironically, perhaps, short of a conviction, his most erstwhile supporters are unlikely to be fazed by any of Trump’s legal issues. JUST IN: Joe Biden tipped for new three-word slogan after State of Union address, says Democrat "Where these issues have the most profound effect, however, are among independent voters and Republicans who were turned off by the events of 6 January. "Absent a complete exoneration, Trump faces a difficult task wooing these voters." Filitti however warned Trump must ensure his loyalists head to the poll in large numbers both during GOP primaries and the presidential election if he wants to ensure his victory. He noted that while his supporters could easily propel him to the nomination, he would face the "uphill task" of getting sceptical Republicans to back him. He said: "To win the primaries, Trump needs to bring out his loyalists in large numbers. Turnout is absolutely crucial, both in the primaries and in the general election. READ MORE: Dead fish and chickens spark alarm among locals over chemicals leaks  "Trump still appeals to a very large segment - if not a slight majority - of Republicans most likely to vote in the primaries and is certainly going to be one of the top contenders, if not the favourite. "But if he does secure the nomination, he faces the unenviable, uphill task of convincing the many Republicans who have turned away from him to nevertheless vote for him on Election Day. "He will need the overwhelming support of his party, and a large number of independent voters, to prevail." Donald Trump faces a myriad of inquiries into his conduct both as president and as a businessman. Thursday saw the release of portions of a Georgia special purpose grand jury's report into the former president and his allies to overturn the 2020 election. The jurors said they believe "one or more witnesses" committed perjury and urged Fulton Country DA Fani Williams to "seek appropriate indictments for such crimes where the evidence is compelling." The former president never testified before the special grand jury, meaning he is not among those who could have perjured themselves. But the case still poses particular challenges for him, in part because his actions in Georgia were so public. The former president is also under investigation by the US Department of Justice for holding classified documents at his Florida estate. And a federal judge this week rejected Trump's attempt to use his DNA to prove he did not rape magazine advice columnist E. Jean Carroll in 1995 or early 1996. Carole made the claims in a 2019 book but Trump has denied knowing Carroll and said repeatedly, and sometimes angrily, that he never raped Carroll and that she was making the claim to stoke sales of her book. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews