Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag ruled against club sponsors over players wearing special suits before their Carabao Cup victory over Newcastle, according to reports. The Red Devils won 2-0 at Wembley to land a first piece of silverware in six years. And the mood around the camp is a positive one, with players and staff all pulling in the same direction. Casemiro put United ahead against Newcastle, with the Brazil international producing a deadly header following a fine delivery from Luke Shaw. And Marcus Rashford then made it two, with the England international’s strike deflecting off Sven Botman and into the net. While United were delighted at the final whistle, however, The Sun say Ten Hag was ‘unhappy’ before the showdown. It’s said the Dutchman ruled against players wearing Paul Smith-sponsored suits upon arrival because he felt it would take up too much time. And he got his way, with club officials backing the 53-year-old's decision on a successful day down south in London. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Players were expected to wear the suits when they arrived at Wembley but Ten Hag is said to have ‘rang up a club official’ to voice his concerns. He reportedly felt that if players did don the outfit, it would take up an extra ten minutes due to squad members also then being needed to change into training gear. And while that may seem insignificant, Ten Hag’s attention to detail is something he prizes himself on. Now, United are a club who can celebrate glory again. Few expected them to win a trophy at the beginning of the campaign, particularly after the shambles of last term under Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes And even less thought United would achieve anything after they lost their opening two league games against Brighton and Brentford. Ever since, however, the Red Devils have been a team completely transformed. And Ten Hag got the biggest cheer at Wembley when he grabbed the trophy in his hands, before smiling and celebrating with the rest of his squad. Ten Hag also said after the game that he always knew he could succeed at United. “From the moment I walked into Old Trafford last summer, I stressed that the long-term aim for us is to return to a state of consistently winning the biggest trophies available,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Once you win one, it can become a habit. That first taste of silverware makes you want more and more. “I think we are still just at the beginning of what we can achieve together.” And, when speaking to Sky Sports, he added: "I just want to win! "We invested from the start of the season with the staff, they did an incredible job, with the players - staff and players they are together. "Together [are] also the fans, [it's] really surprising how the fans stay, and there's real hungerness and a desire for trophies, because Man United stands for trophies. "Raphael Varane, Casemiro and David de Gea know how to win trophies and you need such lads on the pitch to point the team. "They have the winning attitude they have to bring it in the dressing room, in difficult situations and that is what they have done." Next up for United is West Ham in the FA Cup on Wednesday (7.45pm). The Red Devils won the last meeting 1-0 at Old Trafford earlier in the season, with Rashford bagging the only goal of the game.