Joe Westerman's estranged wife has revealed that she is glad her husband's video surfaced online as she described the horrific impact it had on her family. Lauren Westerman, 33, spoke out against the twice-capped England international player, saying she and her children have been inundated with cruel memes as a result of the footage. Ms Westerman allegedly told friends that she is "finished" with their relationship and that there is "no coming back" for her husband, with whom she has three children. She told the Sun: "I’ve relived that footage over and over again. It’s something I’ll never be able to get out of my mind no matter how hard I try. “There are absolutely no excuses for what he’s done, not just to me but to our children and wider family. "Everything between us was fine, he FaceTimed me at 4pm on Saturday whilst he was out and then texted at 2.30am to say he couldn’t get in because he didn’t have his house keys." She explained how she had been staying overnight at her mum's house, and that Joe had message the next day to say how rough he felt "but that was it".  She claimed he only told her because it was on social media. The mum-of-three said Joe's horrific act came after a five-hour booze binge, which started at 11.30am on Saturday in the pubs and bars of Pontefract, West Yorks. It ended at 2.30am the next day - at a grim alleyway behind Greggs. READ MORE: England vs Wales Six Nations clash could be cancelled by strike [REVEAL]  As Twitter erupted with news of her husband's infidelity, Joe texted Lauren: “Words will never ever explain how sorry I am. “I can’t explain what happened cos I physically can’t remember. “It’s disgusting and I now have to live with it forever. Losing you and the kids is heart-breaking Lauren, you deserve so much better.” DON'T MISSRhod Gilbert thanks fans for 'patience' amid stage four cancer battle [UPDATE]Anti-monarchists to protest at King Charles's visit to Milton Keynes [REVEAL]Hollywood icon Raquel Welch has died following a 'brief illness' [INSIGHT]  Another message read: “You always said alcohol would f*** me up.” However, Lauren replied to say it was a shame he had never listened, to which he replied: “Story of my life. I miss you like crazy. U was perfect.” Another text read: “I need you to know I can’t remember anything about that night. I look like a zombie.”   