Sarah-Jane Honeywell showed off her incredibly toned physique as she shared a candid topless snap. The star explained she was about to “jump in the shower” when the photo was inadvertently taken. The former CBeebies presenter, 49, left the children’s channel when raunchy snaps were published in 2011. However, Sarah has defiantly displayed her body as she took to Instagram yesterday to share the topless snap. She flaunted her incredible figure as she went topless in red underwear and covered her chest with her hands. Sarah-Jane went make-up-free and wore her blonde hair in loose waves. She explained the racy photo was accidentally snapped by her son Indiana, five, when she dashed into the living room before showering. She said she was looking over her shoulder in the snap to check if nobody in the hotel across the road could see her running out to get something for her eldest son Phoenix, seven. "I know I shouldn't tweet salacious pictures when I'm nearly 50 but…… I found this on Indy's iPad tonight…. "He must have snapped it as I ran in to get Phoenix something just as I was about to jump in the shower. Please ignore my old lady apple catchers and my messy house! "I think I was looking to make sure no one could see me from the hotel over the road and now I post it on here but it really made me laugh when it popped up on my photos tonight from his iPad." Sarah-Jane shares her two sons with her Hollyoaks actor husband Ayden Callaghan, who she married back in October 2016, just over a year after they welcomed Phoenix. Sarah-Jane shot to fame in 2002 on shows such as Higgledy House and Mighty Mites, alongside Justin Fletcher, 52, - also known as Mr Tumble - however, she was fired from CBeebies after posing for raunchy photos in 2011. In 2021 she took to her Instagram account to recreate the topless shoot and shared a lengthy caption where she celebrated the "changes" that have propelled her forward. She penned: "It’s 10 years to the day that a picture was taken that changed the projection of my life completely. “To celebrate the changes that propelled me towards, here is a similar picture taken on my roof today." Sarah-Jane enjoyed huge fame on the kids' TV circuit in various BBC shows, however, her career hit a speedbump when she posed for PETA during a break from her presenting duties in 2011. After posing topless on a huge plate of food in London's Trafalgar Square to oppose eating meat, she was met with rage from bosses and was dropped from the channel. Sarah-Jane also shed light on the background of the shot - claiming there was more to her firing at the time than what was publicised. "This time though, I’m asking you to relate to what’s on someone’s plate. We are all in this together and we don’t have to get on but we can get along," she added in her caption. Sarah-Jane claimed she did not hear from her famous co-star Justin again after she was axed. BBC bosses had no comment when contacted by Express.co.uk