According to the latest HPI, annual house price growth slowed to 1.1 percent this month, from 2.8 in December, with the average house price in the UK currently standing at £258,297. Prices are now 3.2 percent below August’s peak, showing some hope for those wishing to get onto the property ladder this year. Commenting on the figures, Robert Gardner, Nationwide’s Chief Economist, said: “There are some encouraging signs that mortgage rates are normalising, but it is too early to tell whether activity in the housing market has started to recover. “The fall in house purchase approvals in December reported by the Bank of England largely reflects the sharp decline in mortgage applications following the mini-budget. “It will be hard for the market to regain much momentum in the near term as economic headwinds are set to remain strong, with real earnings likely to fall further and the labour market widely projected to weaken as the economy shrinks. “As we highlighted in our recent affordability report, the biggest change in terms of housing affordability for potential buyers over the last year has been the rise in the cost of servicing the typical mortgage as a result of the increase in mortgage rates. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine “Should recent reductions in mortgage rates continue, this should help improve the affordability position for potential buyers, albeit modestly, as will solid rates of income growth (wage growth is currently running at around seven percent in the private sector), especially if combined with weak or negative house price growth.” The expert said the overall affordability situation looks set to remain challenging in the near future, and saving for a deposit proving to be a continuing struggle as it has been for many years. Given the rising cost of living, saving for a home may not be possible for many Britons, with rents being at their strongest pace on record. Mr Gardner added: “High house prices relative to earnings mean deposit requirements remain a major challenge. DON'T MISS:I tried a baking soda tip to remove moisture from my home - results [PICTURES]Six easy steps to regrout bathroom tiles for a ‘show home’ finish [COMMENT]‘Problematic’ Japanese knotweed on the rise - hotspots [EXPLAINER] “Moreover, the Help To Buy Equity Loan scheme that helped those with a smaller deposit buy a new build property is due to end in March. “However, the Government’s mortgage guarantee scheme, which helps to secure the availability and lower the cost of higher loan-to-value mortgages, has Beene extended until the end of 2023.” In terms of looking at the UK regions, all areas have seen a decline in affordability compared to 2021, according to the expert. Mr Gardner said the pressures remain “acute” in London and the south of England, with Scotland and the North continuing to be the most affordable regions. READ MORE: I dried laundry with just a dehumidifier - here’s how long it took Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, even in those areas, mortgage payments as a share of take-home pay are at their highest level for over 10 years. The expert continued: “There continues to be a significant gap between the least affordable and most affordable regions, although this has remained broadly stable over the last year. “London continues to have the highest house price to earnings ratio at 9:2, but this is still below its record high of 10.2 in 2016.” Jack Roberts, CEO of moving home platform SlothMove, said: “It’s helter-skelter time for the housing market, with confusion reigning while the only real momentum is downwards. “It seems like only yesterday average house prices were climbing towards £300,000. Now they are nearing £250,000 and talk of soft landings for the market is becoming quieter. “Yet there are still winners out there. With the tremors of last autumn’s disastrous mini budget finally subsiding, the price war on mortgage is seeing rates threaten to drip below four percent for the first time in months. “This, along with the falls in asking prices, will be giving some first-time buyers a better chance to get on the housing ladder. “Those looking to trade up could also be buoyed as the gap between their current rate and that on a new loan looks increasingly bridgeable.”