Jake Paul takes on fierce rival Tommy Fury tonight in Saudi Arabia live on BT Sport Box Office for a premium price of £19.95. But for those who cannot afford to fork out the hefty sum, there are plenty of options to watch the fight for free a day or so later. Here, Express Sport details how to re-watch the full fight and highlights without paying a penny. How to re-watch full fight Paul vs Fury for free The highlights and full fight will be uploaded to the BT Sports Boxing YouTube channel for UK customers and the Top Rank YouTube channel for US customers. Usually, this can be expected to go up the next day. Selected undercard fights will also be uploaded in their entirety over the following days. Fight times/Live streams The undercard is set to commence at 5pm UK time with the Paul vs Fury main event ring walks expected around 9.30pm. Paul vs Fury will be broadcast live on BT Sport Box Office in the UK. The pay-per-view price has been set at £19.95. BT Sport’s coverage will get underway from 6.30 pm and can be live-streamed via their app and website on all good internet-connected devices including mobile phones, laptops and smart TVs. You can keep up to date with all of the latest news surrounding the bout here on Express Sport. Full card Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury Ilunga Makabu vs Badou Jack – WBC cruiserweight title fight Bader Samreen vs Viorel Simion Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Ziyad Almaayouf vs Janos Penzes Adam Saleh vs Evil Hero Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Quotes Paul: “I always take every fight seriously. I’ve fought UFC champions. Tyron Woodley was winning the UFC championship when I was on Disney Channel. So, when Tommy says that he’s been doing this his whole life, none of that means anything to me. “I’ve always trained harder and tougher than all of my opponents. And I want it more. I have more of a why. I have more of a purpose. I’m Tommy’s end goal. This is the biggest opportunity of his life. He’s never been on a stage like this. He’s never gotten a payday like this. He was getting paid peanuts compared to this.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Inside the life of Jake Paul houses, jets and girlfriend news Chisora's Tommy Fury comment that left Love Island girls in stitches Warren uses OnlyFans stars boxing to make Fury vs Paul point  Fury: “You’re getting put to sleep inside four rounds. Let me tell you. I’m not an old man. I’m a fresh, young fighter. I’m going to put you away. You had two very lucky escapes from this fight. You should have taken those escapes. “You should not be sitting here right now because this is bad for you. You should have stuck to making easy money fighting old men and celebrities. I’m coming to take your head off.”