The Dukes of Hazzard star, 62, married his third wife, Alicia Allain, in 2019 and announced her tragic death earlier this week. Following news of the music producer’s death, John was overwhelmed by countless mourners online as they shared their tributes, thoughts and prayers   John revealed his wife’s death through a Facebook post yesterday, referring to his beloved wife as “Smile”. The actor heartbreaking wrote: “My beautiful Smile is pain-free, living in her new body alongside Jesus.” John went on to request privacy for himself and Alicia’s surviving family during their time of loss. He also invited fans to share “any pictures of us and our obvious love” in the comment section. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais stuns fans with 'outrageous' backstage demands during Armageddon tour  The actor concluded: "Lastly … hug those you love tight and let them know how you feel. “We always did.” Fans did as requested, also sharing some of their own memories that the stars were a part of. One heartbreakingly wrote: “I lost my bride less than three weeks after we saw you perform on the Grand Ole Opry on our 36th anniversary on September 3, 2021.     “God bless you John and be strong. You will never forget. You will remember her everyday for the rest of your life. Remember the good times you had as I do everyday.” The actress reportedly died at their family home in Louisiana, according to Legacy.com. The outlet described Alicia as “a force that inspired others” noting her kindness and generosity would be forever intertwined with her memory. They added: “She was mama bear that protected all her cubs. She was a fighter until the end. Alicia will be missed mighty.”  John’s Dukes of Hazzard costar, Tom Wopat, sent in his own condolences as he wrote on social media: “I didn't get any details, but I don't need any to be aware of the pain and loss that John's dealing with. "My thoughts and prayers are with him, along with the thoughts and prayers of the entire Dukes nation. “Alicia was a force in his life and his career, and she will be missed …" This morning, John shared a sweet, candid clip he had found of himself and Alicia.   He casually spun her around, trying to teach her a dance combination before the pair stopped in a heartwarming embrace, with some gentle guitar music playing in the background. John simply captioned the clip: “A beautiful moment caught.” The adorable clip received over 26,000 reactions, 2,300 comments and almost 600 shares. John and Alicia married in July 2019 at the barn on their studio property and worked on countless film projects together over the years, including Smokey And The Bandit tribute Stand On It!. Alicia is survived by John, as well as her daughter Jessica Dollard, her parents Michael and Linda and her brother Brandy Allain.