Barcelona boss Xavi forgot the name of Manchester United attacker Bruno Fernandes ahead of the second leg of the Europa League play-off between the two sides at Old Trafford on Thursday night. Xavi ultimately referred to Fernandes as “the Portuguese guy” as he picked the ace out as a United danger man alongside Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Fred. Barcelona and United played out a 2-2 draw in the first leg of the tie at the Nou Camp last Thursday as neutrals were treated to an enthralling spectacle. The La Liga giants opened the scoring five minutes into the second half when ex-Chelsea left-back Marcos Alonso headed home Raphinha’s corner. The in-form Rashford equalised two minutes later, before the Red Devils nudged ahead courtesy of a Jules Kounde own goal. But former Leeds winger Raphinha struck late on to ensure the sides headed to Old Trafford with everything to play for. Xavi was full of praise for United manager Erik ten Hag ahead of the second showdown as he explained to The Times: “He is very good, I like him a lot. He has built a team and is getting the best out of all his players. That speaks well of him. Tactically he is very good and he handles the dressing room very well.” And the Spaniard then referenced United’s star players, with Fernandes’ name slipping his memory. “He (Ten Hag) is getting all the talent out of his players,” Xavi added. “You see Sancho, Rashford, the Portuguese guy. And look how Fred is playing.” JUST IN: Thibaut Courtois tried to mock Mohamed Salah before huge error United are playing their best football in years under Ten Hag and have gone from Premier League top-four hopefuls to genuine title contenders this season following a fine run of form. The Red Devils have climbed to third in the top-flight table and sit just five points behind leaders Arsenal. And they are still on course to win four trophies this season as they are set to take on Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday ahead of an FA Cup fifth-round clash with West Ham next Wednesday.  But United will first be turning their attentions to their battle with Barcelona, who dropped into the Europa League play-offs after finishing third in their Champions League group before Christmas. Ten Hag’s side were drawn against Barca after failing to topple Real Sociedad at the top of their Europa League pool. And the second leg in Manchester is as hotly-anticipated as any Europa League tie in recent years. Fernandes has been in stellar form for United since his compatriot Cristiano Ronaldo left the club in November, contributing four goals and six assists in his last 14 appearances in all competitions. And the 28-year-old will now be hungry to etch his name in Xavi’s memory forever by playing the role of the matchwinner on Thursday night. 