If Manchester City were to be stripped of their Premier League titles, Liverpool fans will dream of getting their hands on the array of accolades. But they no longer have to imagine the scenario, after a new parody video explored how some players from the Reds' past could react if they were made champions instead. Premier League clubs could be set to benefit from the Premier League's decision to charge Manchester City with over 100 alleged financial breaches between 2009 and 2018. It is understood that punishments could range from docking points to an outright expulsion from the league, while suggestions have included taking away City's titles won during the nine-year timeframe. In a video released by bookmakers Paddy Power, who are renowned for publicly stunts and making spoof videos, former Liverpool ace Jose Enrique can be seen twisting the knife by taunting City. Enrique appears in a scenario where the Spaniard is retrospectively awarded a replica of the Premier League trophy, with a clear reference to when Liverpool came agonisingly close to ending their long wait for a league title in 2013-14, only for Manuel Pellegrini's City to snatch it from their grasp. READ MORE: Vincent Kompany makes Premier League title prediction The caption for the video reads: "The case against Man City will take a while to sort out, but some are already awarding themselves trophies…" before it shows Enrique moving the trophy into his house. "Champions in 2014, and I just got the trophy now. Well, better late than never," Enrique says at the start of the clip. The footage then moves on to him cleaning and polishing his prized silverware, as he adds: "When you win the Premier League, you get to keep a replica trophy. "It's nice to have it in the background when I'm making Zoom calls. It tells people that I've been there and done it. It's different when you have won the league, everyone wants a piece of you." DON'T MISSMan City boss Pep Guardiola issues Steven Gerrard apologyPep Guardiola sends ominous warning to Premier League rivalsLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp refuses to answer question on Man City Later on in the video, Enrique is seen posing for selfies with fans and cheekily says: "A winner always has time for his fans." The parody video also features former Stoke City and Crystal Palace boss Tony Pulis making a claim to his FA Cup winner's medal, as well as former striker Peter Crouch discussing being part of the Liverpool squad that won the Premier League in 2019-20 - when he actually left the club in 2008. Some may point out that Enrique didn't actually take part in many of Liverpool's games in that campaign, with only eight league appearances compared to 29 the previous season, as Aly Cissokho was used more frequently. But he would still qualify as a Premier League winner as he had over five appearances. And while the video may have been created to poke fun at City's current situation, the reality may not be as far-fetched as it seems if the club are unsuccessful in fighting the charges.