A man wrongly jailed for more 23 years in the US will be paid £1.2 million ($1.5 million) in compensation. Michael Haas was convicted of child sexual abuse in 1994 and released from jail in 2017, before having the conviction overturned in 2021. His sons, whose accusations of abuse led to his conviction, revoked their statements. Now, after a years-long legal battle, Mr Haas will be paid £1,268,682 ($1,530,653) in compensation from the Virginia General Assembly. "I spent over 23 years in prison for a crime that never happened," Mr Haas said during a House committee hearing. "From the very first accusations and all throughout my case I proclaimed my innocence." In the hearing, Republican Del. Terry Austin personally apologised to Mr Haas on behalf of the state. “Mr Haas we apologise, and we know this had to be traumatic and difficult for your life, and I just want to personally tell you, the Commonwealth’s sorry," he said. In December 1993, Mr Haas and his wife Elaine separated. In February the next year, Mr Haas filed a petition seeking visitation rights, but days later a therapist met with the boys, then 11 and 9, and told Mrs Haas that her husband had sexually violated them. Mrs Haas then called the police and Detective Gregory Neal of the Powhatan County Sheriff’s Department arrested the husband. He was charged with forcible sodomy, but denied any wrongdoing and urged Neal to have a physician examine the boys. The detective complied and physicians at the Virginia Commonwealth University Medical Centre in Richmond found no abuse, according to The National Registry of Exonerations. READ MORE: Prince Andrew told US 'not dumping ground for royals' as he eyes move However, the older brother testified to Judge Thomas Warren of Powhatan County Circuit Court in July 1994 that Haas did sexually abuse the two. Detective Neal also testified at the trial, saying the younger boy disclosed the abuse. Mr Haas maintained his innocence but was ultimately convicted and sentenced to two sentences of life in prison. Then, in 2003, the sons recanted their testimony, and in 2010 Mr Haas filed a writ of innocence, but was denied freedom. Later in 2017, he was released from prison, placed on parole and required to register as a sex offender. In 2020, the Virginia State Legislature changed language in state law, allowing judges to consider "preponderance of the evidence" rather than the existing "clear and convincing evidence" language for petitions for writs of actual innocence. Mr Haas filed again in 2021, with his attorneys arguing the requirements have all been met to dissolve their client of the conviction and, on April 19 last year, the court granted the father a writ of actual innocence. At the time, Mr Haas said: "This has been a 28-year journey, but I am thankful that truth and justice prevailed.” Attorney General Jason Miyares and former Attorney General Mark Herring granted the writ of actual innocence in 2022. Under laws SB 928 and HB 1463, Haas is entitled to the compensation and free tuition within the Virginia Community College system.