The BBC is believed to have secured Alan Carr for a new Saturday night quiz show called Picture Slam. The move comes after Bruno Tonioli landed the judging role on Britain's Got Talent, which Alan was believed to be in the running for. A TV insider told The Sun: “Getting the big-money signing is payback for Alan, who was viewed as a shoo-in as replacement for the exiting David Walliams as BGT judge. “It was a slight to be in the running for the position for months only to be knocked out of the race at the last minute - particularly as Bruno shot to fame on a BBC show. “Now Alan could be an even bigger star of Saturday night telly than he might have been had he got the role on the BGT panel.” Alan has made a name for himself hosting Alan Carr’s Epic Gameshow for ITV on a Saturday night. READ MORE: Doctor Who exclusive first-look as Ncuti Gatwa pictured on set Fans are worried the series may not return this year. The star recently spoke out after discovering Bruno had beat him to the BGT judging job as he told Metro newspaper: “I was just watching this all unfurl in the paper, it was very odd. “And then Bruno (got it) and I thought: ‘Oh good for him’ but it’s so weird.” Alan is no stranger to the BBC as he has worked on Interior Design Masters and Amanda and Alan’s Italian Job.  The comedian suggested he was not as hung up about the BGT job as it had been made out. He continued: "Family and friends apparently said I was devastated. I'm like, 'I'm just sitting at home doing a jigsaw'." Bruno also confirmed there are no hard feelings between himself and Alan about the role. Digital Spy quoted him as saying: "I love Alan and I know him, he is a very nice guy. I didn't know the situation with him, nothing was announced, and that's show business. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item Bruno Tonioli dismisses claims of a BGT pay row Alan Carr and Amanda Holden detail boozy night out with '4,000 people'  "This was down to ITV – and I just said yes to the job when it was offered. He's a professional, he knows how things go." Members of the public are being asked to sign up to take part in the BBC's new Picture Slam series. They said: "Are you a pro at recognizing pictures? Then we need you! "Can you name anything from Victoria Beckham to a Victoria sponge? Do you know your TikTok logo from your Eiffel Tower?   "We’re looking for fun, confident teams of two for this brand-new Saturday night picture-based quiz show. "Whether you are friends, family, colleagues or neighbours – if you love a good quiz and want the chance to win up to £10,000, we want to hear from you." There has been no word on who is actually hosting the series, which is produced for the BBC by Triple Brew Media. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for a comment.