Meghan Markle signed off her personal blog and wrote a touching farewell letter as she bid adieu to the readers on The Tig. The Duchess of Sussex, 41, first launched the website - which she branded as her “passion project”' - in 2014, and for three years, she used it as her personal blog, where she discussed all things from food and travel to fashion and politics.  However, it was deactivated in April 2017, just months before she got engaged to her now-husband, Prince Harry, 38. Before signing off the blog, she wrote: “To all my Tig friends. “After close to three beautiful years on this adventure with you, it's time to say goodbye to The Tig. "What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity.   “You've made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy. "Keep finding those Tig moments of discovery, keep laughing and taking risks, and keep being 'the change you wish to see in the world.' "Above all, don't ever forget your worth - as I've told you time and time again: you, my sweet friend, you are enough. Thank you for everything." The future Duchess then signed off her parting message with two kisses and her maiden name. READ MORE: Kate tells kids to 'talk about your feelings' in touching meeting She launched the lifestyle blog where she shared fashion, travel and beauty tips, as well as recipes and interviews with inspirational women in 2014. The inspiration for the website's name came after she tasted a wine called Tignanello – nicknamed "Tig" – which she said helped her to understand what wine experts meant when talking about the "body, legs and structure of wine". She had said: “It was an ah-ha moment at its finest. "For me, it became a 'Tig' moment — a moment of getting it. From that point on, any new awareness, any new discovery or 'ohhhhh, I get it!' moment was a 'Tig' moment." DON'T MISS:Epsom College head found dead at school alongside husband and daughter [BREAKING]Man applauded for ‘petty revenge’ against ‘little punks’ [INSIGHT]British soldiers brave blistering cold with -12C  [SPOTLIGHT] Meghan's longtime friend, Suits director and producer Silver Tree, explained in the latest Netflix docuseries: “When she first was describing [the blog] to me, she was like, "It's like your best friend telling you all the fun things you wish you knew about in one place."' Meanwhile, Prince Harry and Meghan officially stepped back from royal life in March 2020, less than two years after tying the knot. The couple initially moved to Los Angeles after spending time in Canada and have been settling into their new life in Montecito with their children, Archie Harrison, three, and one-year-old Lilibet Diana. 