Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Either you or someone close will decide it is time to overcome a bad habit. Anything you do repetitively is an addiction and to quit this habit, you will have to remove any temptations from your immediate environment. Taurus (Apr21/May21) An arrangement that felt right for you at the start doesn’t feel the same now. Everything seems to be crumbling down around you. When things go wrong, accept that it is not meant for you and there is something better coming. Gemini (May22/June21) There’s a reason why you are focusing on negativity and reacting aggressively to other people’s ideas instead of responding mindfully. It’s because you are tired of the way some people have got into the habit of manipulating situations for their own benefit. Cancer (June22/July23) A partner or close friend has a decision to make and they must do this on their own. You may not like their eventual choice but it is not for you to interfere. Respect that in this matter, they need their independence. Leo (July24/Aug23) A senior colleague isn’t trying to make things awkward for you by asking you to redo certain aspects of a job. They are required to conform and it will be necessary to jump through certain hoops before the work can be approved. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) You should be proud of yourself for showing amazing control when dealing with temperamental colleagues and clients. Your sensible approach will rub off on those around you. There is a reason why you are determined to keep the place as calm as possible.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) That mask of smiles you’ve been wearing for some time is starting to fade. You can’t keep pretending things are fine when they aren’t. When you are on a sinking ship, you need to jump out. Find the courage now to move away from a difficult situation. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) There is pressure from a superior who is pushing you to complete a job that has been problematic from square one. They have faith in your ability to get this done and once you do, they will come back to you with an intriguing offer. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Slow down and give other people a chance to catch up with you. You’re brimming with enthusiasm and vitality. You have some great plans and there are so many things you want to do with your time. Making every second count is a big priority for you now. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You’re starting to understand what in your life you can control and what you can’t. There are things outside the scope of your control even though you have wasted a lot of precious time trying to understand what is going on. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) There are offers and opportunities that appeal to you but you may not feel free to work on a new project because of commitments elsewhere. In addition to this you get the impression a competitor or a business owner is trying to block your progress. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) You need time to take care of the practical affairs of your life but also to recognise your spiritual needs too. Without this you will either burn yourself out or feel unfulfilled. Avoid overworking yourself by thinking carefully about how much you take on.