Most rooms in our homes have curtains - from bedrooms to living rooms to kitchens and conservatories. Curtains don’t just block out light and provide privacy but also contribute to a room's aesthetic. Cleaning your curtains is an important job which can help keep your drapes in the best condition. If you don’t take the time to clean your curtains, fibres can start to rot which means they will need replacing. To keep your curtains looking as good as new, an expert has shared her advice for curtain cleaning. Emily Booth, an in-home advice expert from Hillarys, a manufacturer and retailer of made-to-measure window blinds, window shutters, curtains, and awnings, has shared her tips exclusively with Express.co.uk. READ MORE: ‘Melt away’ tea cup stains with 4p cleaning item - ‘excellent results’ Emily said homeowners need to start by cleaning the surrounding areas around the curtains regularly. She explained to Express.co.uk: “The bottom edges of your curtains are the first to show the dirt as they rest on the windowsill or floor, which collect dust. “By regularly dusting and vacuum cleaning your sills and floor coverings, you’ll help keep your curtains and curtain linings free from dust and dirt.” If there are stains on the curtains, these can be removed using warm water. DON'T MISS‘Biggest culprit’ when it comes to ‘killing’ orchids [INSIGHT]Houseplants to make a home smell ‘spectacular’ that lasts all year [UPDATE]3 gardening jobs to do this weekend - plants to prune for more blooms [ANALYSIS] Emily said: “Rub the affected area gently with a clean cloth soaked in warm water. “Avoid the use of detergents or stain removers as this may affect the colour of your fabric.” With spring just around the corner, it’s the perfect time to start those spring cleaning tasks which include washing curtains. Curtains can be washed in the washing machine, however, you need to establish what material they’re made from. READ MORE: ‘Best’ method to clean yellow pillows and banish odours - 40p tip Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Before putting your curtains in the machine check whether they are made from linen, silk, cotton or any other synthetic fabric. The material will not only determine whether the curtains can be washed but what temperature to wash them at. Ensure you remove any curtain hooks left in the curtains otherwise they could damage the washing machine. Make sure not to overload the washing machine or you could risk creasing the curtains. If the curtains are a bright colour, make sure to wash them with a colour catcher. It’s best to wash cotton curtains on a delicate cycle at 30C to avoid any damage. Hang curtains to dry outside if you can and avoid excessive creasing. Iron them when they’re slightly damp so there’s less risk of creasing.