Manchester United have issued a brief statement after charges of attempted rape, assault and coercive control against first team striker Mason Greenwood were dropped on Thursday. The 21-year-old has been out of competitive action for the duration of the saga, last appearing for the Red Devils in January last year. Greenwood was arrested just over a year ago and he faced one count of controlling and coercive behaviour, one count of attempted rape and one count of occasioning actual bodily harm. All three charges related to the same woman but they were dropped following the 'withdrawal of a key witness'. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) claimed that the case had to be stopped due to the witness' withdrawal and 'new material' that came to light, adding: "[There is] no longer a realistic prospect of conviction." Hours later, United released a statement of their own, which read: "Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps."  Greenwood was accused of 'repeatedly engaging' in coercive behaviour over a period of four years, last appearing court in November when a date for him to stand trial was set for November 23 this year. He spent three nights in custody after being arrested at his home last January. United opted to suspend him but the youngster has continued to receive his £75,000-a-week salary. His name has also remained on the Man Utd first-team squad list per the club's official website.  The allegations saw him dropped by sponsors Nike and removed from games such as FIFA and Football Manager. Merchandise relating to Greenwood was cut from United's website, while several team-mates unfollowed him on social media. The Bradford-born forward joined the Red Devils' academy at the age of six and made his first-team debut as a 17-year-old, becoming the second-youngest player in the club's history. Before his arrest, Greenwood notched 35 goals in 129 matches for United with his performances earning him a solitary England cap in 2020. Later on Thursday evening, Greenwood himself issued a short statement, which read: "I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time." 