Molly Stephen said she was in Lidl shopping for dinner items when she noticed the supermarket's latest perfume range. According to the Scottish shopper, the perfumes first caught her eye as part of a Valentine's Day display, but it wasn't until she smelled them that she realised something very special.  Molly, who posted the video to her TikTok page @MollyStephenx, said: "I just popped into Lidl to get some dinner on the way home and they had a wee seasonal aisle for Valentine's Day, obviously because it is February, and I was like 'oh my God, all of the stuff is so cute'. "Then they had a bunch of new perfumes and aftershaves that I've never seen before. I am quite familiar with all of the LIDL perfumes and I really rate them I think they are really good." Molly picked up one of the aftershaves and one of the bottles of perfume, which retail for £6.49. Holding up the bottle of aftershave, which comes in a grey box, Molly said: "This is Victory aftershave and it smells the exact same as Invictus." Invictus is an aftershave by Paco Rabanne which retails for £54 full price. READ MORE: 3 hair changes can make you look '10 years younger' As she removed the curved bottle from the packaging she added: "It is literally Invictus in a bottle. It's Invictus like what the f***." The aftershave is part of LIDL's G.Bellini range and is sold in a 100ml bottle. Although LIDL has not confirmed the scent is a "dupe", shoppers looking for a similar smell to Invictus without the price tag could save £47.51 with a bottle of victory. Molly also picked up a perfume from the Suddenly fragrance range called Stylish Girl. The shopper said: "I got Stylish Girl and this is an exact copy of Caroline Herrera Good Girl. This is stunning I wish you could smell it. So go treat yourself." Good Girl by Caroline Herrera is described as a "feminine" fragrance which typically retails for £55 full price. Again, LIDL has not confirmed their perfume is a "dupe", however, fans looking for a similar scent to Good Girl could make a saving of £48.51 with Stylish Girl. DON'T MISSAldi shoppers go wild for 'good value' Specialbuy launching this week [INSIGHT]'Amazing' products to reduce 'premature ageing' on skin [COMMENT]'I'm 48 but I look like I'm in my 30s - follow my formula' [EXPLAINER] After watching Molly's video, Lidl fans have said they are rushing to the supermarket to get their hands on the scents themselves. A TikTok user named Kaz Mac said: "Oannn routeee." [SIC] The new scents aren't the only Lidl fragrances to have been likened to more expensive products. The Suddenly and G.Bellini ranges by Lidl are said to feature an array of very familiar scents. TikTok creator @BuendiBeauty listed each of the scents available and the designer smells she thought they had the most similarities with. According to the creator, Suddenly De Amour is a "dupe" of Amor Amor by Cacharel which retails for £34.99 full price. The scent Madame Glamour is said to be similar to Coco Mademoiselle, which retails for £65 full price, while the scent Lovely is said to be a copy of Dior's J'Adore, which costs £89 for a full price 50ml bottle. The TikTok creator goes on to liken the scent D'Elle to Narciso Rodriguez For Her, which retails for approximately £81 full price. Cotton Blue is reported to smell like Dolce and Gabanna Light Blue, which costs £36 and, in agreement with Molly, @BuendiBeauty says Stylish Girl is a dupe of Caroline Herrera's Good Girl. When it comes to the aftershave scents, under the G.Bellini brand, Victory is likened to Invictus, and the scent Dark Blue is said to a replica of Armani Code which retails for £75.00.