Prince William has joked that Kate, Princess of Wales has been giving him "non-stop grief" after the England rugby team beat Wales at their Six Nations match last Saturday. The royal couple witnessed the home team lose 20-10 in Cardiff at the weekend ahead of their return to south Wales for a royal visit today, ahead of St David's Day tomorrow (Wednesday). William is patron of the Welsh Rugby Union, while his wife Kate holds the same position for England’s Rugby Football Union. When asked if he had enjoyed the game as the couple arrived at Brynawel Rehabilitation Centre for people with drink and drug addiction, the Prince said: "Not a lot. We’ve been talking about it all weekend." He later told one of his hosts at the centre near Pontyclun: "I’ve been getting non-stop grief all weekend about that." The couple visited the rehabilitation centre, which has been open for 40 years, to witness how it helps those with addiction issues.  The facilities available include a programme for people with Alcohol Related Brain Damage and specialist therapy courses to help clients improve their mental health. They also saw the first of six £20,000 therapy gardens and allotments at the centre which their Royal Foundation is helping to fund, along with British Airways, in a collaboration with social enterprise Life at No 27. The project at Brynawel is the second in a series of "community impact" pilot projects designed to leave a lasting legacy of their royal visits in communities. READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson invited on Kelly Clarkson show for chat about royals On the same day, the Waleses visited a leisure centre in Port Talbot, where they went head-to-head during a fixed bike spin class. Kate was given a golden trophy after beating her husband during their visit to the Aberavon Leisure and Fitness Centre in Port Talbot. Dressed in a a cream top, checked skirt and black boots, Kate pointed out: "Not sure I am dressed for this!" DON'T MISS:Kate and William reignite sporting rivalry as they race each other [LATEST]Princess Eugenie plays with two-year-old girl during hospital visit [REVEAL]Lilibet and Archie 'not included' in Coronation discussions – claim [SPOTLIGHT]  It was the second trip to Wales for Kate and William in recents days after they watched the game at Cardiff's Principality Stadium, where they also met the players. In the locker room, William chatted enthusiastically to the Welsh players while Kate posed for pictures with the England team. The princess wore a red and white Catherine Walker houndstooth coat, and a black turtleneck dress. 