Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag believes Wout Weghorst's new position worked well against Barcelona on Thursday. The Dutch striker played as a No 10 to the surprise of many United supporters. Weghorst has only scored one goal for the Red Devils since his loan move in January. It was his first European appearance for the club at the Nou Camp and the game certainly didn't disappoint. After a goalless first half, there were four goals after half-time. United will feel they could have won the game after coming from a goal down to lead 2-1. Weghorst started the game and was expected to lead the line, with Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho on the wings. However, Rashford instead occupied a central position, with Bruno Fernandes moving to the right. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Qatar make three promises as details emerge after Barcelona draw  Sancho played from the left and Weghorst slotted in as a No 10. Ten Hag was pleased with how the 30-year-old played and was not surprised with what he saw. He said: "I think it worked tonight. Wout did well in that position, which I know he can do. "It gave us variation with Jadon and Bruno coming into the half spaces and getting on the ball and the full-backs joining it. We had a lot of variation and a lot of opportunities." Weghorst hasn't played as a No 10 from the start in the Premier League for United. However, it could be something Ten Hag considers. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood: Man Utd latest as players to have say on return after phone callLiverpool could sign £66m talent Klopp rates thanks to Chelsea 'swap offer'Man Utd have already made the best appointment with Qatar confident of takeover  On Sunday, Micah Richards claimed Weghorst's lack of goals could cost United in the title race. But playing him in a deeper role would lessen that burden on the Burnley loanee. Richards said: "I think that the only problem I see with Man United is the number nine position. Weghorst is a very good player, links well, but can he score enough goals to keep them in the race? "Rashford’s been excellent, but can he keep this form going until the end of the season? Arsenal have got [Gabriel] Jesus to come back, Man City have got [Erling] Haaland and [Julian] Alvarez - World Cup winner - on the bench." United sit third in the Premier League table, five points behind leaders Manchester City. Arsenal are level on points with City in second place but have a game in hand over both their nearest rivals.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here