Chelsea reportedly prompted unexpected anxiety in the dressing room by sanctioning Jorginho's sudden exit at the end of the January transfer window. Graham Potter's decision to offload the Italian, a key player in recent years, contributed to his mounting struggles at the start of his tenure as head coach. In the winter, Arsenal's hunt for a new midfielder was heavily focused on Brighton and Hove Albion's Moises Caicedo. But after he seemed set to remain at the Amex Stadium, not many would've predicted that the Gunners would turn to Jorginho. The 31-year-old was out of contract at Chelsea in July, helping Mikel Arteta swoop in and secure a £12million deal. And the decision to let him join a rival so easily is understood to not have gone down well at Stamford Bridge. According to The Athletic, Jorginho's late exit 'caused some dressing room consternation' among Potter's squad. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp shuts down reporter after interrupting question Chelsea are 10th in the Premier League, out of both domestic cup competitions and trail 1-0 against Borussia Dortmund after the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie. Potter has guided the Blues to just two wins in their last 14 games in all competitions, including eight defeats, in a horrendous run of results. The Blues are 11 points behind fourth-place Tottenham Hotspur, and that gap could extend when the Londoners clash on Sunday. Losing a player of Jorginho's quality, experience, and winning mentality undoubtedly took its toll on Potter's already morale-drained ranks. He made 215 Chelsea appearances, lifting a Champions League, Europa League, FIFA Club World Cup, and UEFA Super Cup. DON'T MISS Man Utd and Arsenal handed tough ties after Europa League last-16 drawSpanish press slam Barcelona after 'nightmare' Man Utd defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta provides Jesus and Partey injury update Jorginho was also central to Italy's Euro 2020 win but made way at Stamford Bridge for the club's new age of midfielders. Potter's decision to splash a British record £107m on Benfica's Enzo Fernandez would have contributed to Jorginho's desire to switch allegiances. Reports claim Chelsea want to pair Fernandez with N'Golo Kante in midfield once the Frenchman returns from injury. Conor Gallagher, Mateo Kovacic, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Denis Zakaria are also options Potter has available. But Jorginho's presence is seemingly one being sorely missed as the Blues' slump rumbles on. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here