Hollywood royalty Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas are reportedly talking up residence in St James’s Palace just 150 yards from the King. Megastar couple Zeta-Jones and Douglas, who are understood to be staunch royalists, will be just yards from the centre of royal life in London, with King Charles, the Queen Consort and Princesses Anne and Beatrice close by. The Daily Mail reports the actors have rented a flat in St James’s. The regal residence constructed under King Henry VIII dates back to the 1500s and is the oldest palace in London still standing. An insider told the paper: “It's just perfect for their requirements when they're visiting the capital.” Flats inside the palace went on the market in 2015 and an example rate for just a one-bedroom abode is available currently for just under £4,000 a month. READ MORE: Latvian MP tells Putin's delegates to 'Go f*** yourself' as he explodes at UN meeting Despite being on the open market, any prospective tenants are subject to “security and background checks” given the proximity to the Royal Family. Last year Catherine Zeta-Jones, 53, revealed she was narrating the Royal Carols: Together at Christmas hosted by The Princess of Wales, Kate Middleton. For the occasion she urged her social media users to join herself, the Prince and Princess and Wales for the festivities as they remembered Queen Elizabeth II.  In view of her 40.8 million followers, she penned: "I am so honored (sic) to be narrating the #togetheratchristmas carol service tonight this Christmas Eve remembering Queen Elizabeth II and celebrating inspiring people doing so much for their communities. Join us, at Westminster Abbey, for this special occasion with @princeandprincessofwales and, of course, our beloved Paddington Bear." The Legend of Zorro and Netflix Wednesday actor married Douglas, 78, in 2000. The pair have a son, Dylan, 22, and daughter, Carys, 19. Other properties reportedly owned by the couple outside of the UK include a mansion in New York state and a holiday home in Majorca. As the son of Hollywood legend Kirk Douglas, Michael grew up in luxury in New York, while Zeta-Jones was raised in a semi-detached house in Swansea, South Wales. Her parents won £100,000 in a bingo game which paid for their daughter's dance and ballet tuition and launched her career. DON'T MISS: King Charles and Prince William 'no intention of giving Harry apology' for Coronation