A volunteer from the UK who had served in Ukraine has described how he shot and killed a Russian soldier who had previously killed a fellow service member. While on patrol with his squad in Russian-controlled territory close to the city of Kharkiv, landscape gardener Craig Mackintosh, 48, was attacked and killed by soldiers. In the recent BBC documentary "Brits in Battle: Ukraine," Pontefract native James Dee describes what occurred during the risky mission that took place in a Russian-controlled area. The BBC's "Our World" series and "Newsnight" collaborated on this inquiry to learn more about the lives of British soldiers in the trenches, their perilous missions behind enemy lines, the capture of Russian prisoners, and their near-fatal encounters with tanks. James Dee recalled: "We were in Russian territory and the Russians did not know we were in their territory. "One of my Australian friends was digging a trench, so I was just sitting on the edge of the trench and you know when you got a feeling someone's behind you... I look behind me and sure enough, there was. "He was less than 10 metres from me, looking all confused. He thought we were Russian."  The soldier was shot six times, according to Mr Dee, and was seen collapsing to the ground in the video. However, he had already opened fire himself. Mr Dee continued: "I just remember shouting, Jed's down, Jed's dead. Craig is dead. After that firefight, I just cried. Seeing it up and personal, their life was gone with a click of a finger." The man from Thetford, Norfolk, died "in the line of duty" on August 24, according to Mr Mackintosh's family, who subsequently verified this.  Mackintosh had four children, two daughters and the same number of stepdaughters. He had previously served in the Territorial Army from the ages of 16 to 23. Mr Dee states in the documentary that he thinks about his fallen comrade every day. Another volunteer, Tim Stead, tells the BBC that the encounter was "eye-opening" and that, despite his training in the British Army, he had never been to Ukraine, particularly when coming under tank assault. DON'T MISS:Putin massing fighter jets for 'aerial attack on Ukraine' [REPORT]Putin facing ‘critical weakness’ in Ukraine with tanks shortage [REPORT]Putin sends nuclear-warships to the Arctic for first time in decades [REPORT] The Ukrainian Medal of Honor was given to Mr Stead for his role with Ukrainian forces. He compared the conflict to serving in the British army and noted that, unlike the British, who had access to tanks, helicopters, and other resources, in Ukraine it was just the troops and their enemies. He said: "In the army, we have the tanks, we have the helicopters, we have the fast air and things like that. Here, it's all against you." The documentary also stated that eight British volunteers have been reported deceased thus far, out of the approximately 3,000 who fought on the Ukrainian side. 