MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis appeared on ITV's This Morning earlier today and told a viewer how she could treble her savings and potentially get a £700 cash boost. Linda called into the show to ask him whether she should move her savings from her current ISA to get a better return on her savings. Linda called into This Morning and asked Martin: "I've £30,000 in a Barclays Instant One, is this the same as a cash ISA and should I move on?" The financial journalist replied: "The name of it certainly sounds like it is a cash ISA, because the term instant would generally refer to cash ISAs not stocks and shares ISAs - you need to go and check that and check the interest rate. "If it's a Barclays Instant Cash ISA it's probably paying you less than one percent interest in which case you should definitely move it. "Whether you should have a cash ISA or not is another conversation and I'm going to keep it simple." READ MORE: Yorkshire Building Society is paying 4.5% interest on your savings   "The top paying easy access cash ISA is Newcastle Building Society at three percent - so that's a lot more than you're earning. "Interestingly, the top one year fixed cash ISA is with your bank - Barclays. "So you could just ask Barclays, if it is a cash ISA, can you just move it into a one year fixed. The money is then locked away or you have to pay a penalty to access the money. "If you've got £30,000 in there - trebling the interest will be moving your interest from £300 a year to around £1,000 a year so absolutely worth doing it." DON'T MISSUK’s 'best buy savings account’ turns £10k into £12,402 [ALERT]Santander announces interest rate rise on savings accounts [UPDATE]Two months to avoid Hunt's next inheritance and capital gains tax raid [WARNING] He also said that with a Cash ISA it's very important that people do not withdraw the money to transfer it to another account. Martin explained: "You go to the new provider - or same provider if it's Barclays - you open up a new cash ISA and in that form it will say 'do you want to transfer your existing cash ISA' and you say 'yes'. "They move the money for you and you keep the cash ISA tax-free status." Although he didn't go into it on the show, the money expert has previously explained why cash ISAs are most beneficial for people with a high amount of savings.  The main difference between an ISA (Individual Savings Account) and any other savings account is that it offers tax-free interest payments. Martin told a previous This Morning viewer savings accounts can be just as good. He said: "The only reason you’d have an ISA at the moment is if you have a lot of savings - let’s say £30,000 to £50,000 because then there is a tax benefit for you from having the money in an ISA. “If you have money in ISAs, you can move to a new ISA. The top fixed rate ISA for one year pays 3.8 percent.  He continued: "Then you ask your provider to transfer your savings into the account so you can get a higher rate. “But you can earn even more money in the top savings account. “You can get 2.85 percent easy access and and about 4.5 percent in a one year fix. “If you don’t need the tax advantages of an ISA, just take your money out and put it in the top savings. If you want to keep it in the ISA you have to do a transfer.” 