In total, eligible pensioners can get up to £775 off their gas and electricity costs. With the price guarantee set to hit £3,000 in April, now could be the perfect time for pensioners to check what help they are eligible for. Each payment available has a different eligibility scheme so individuals should do their research on each one for more information. The list of support available includes: Cold Weather Payment People may get a Cold Weather Payment if they’re getting certain benefits or Support for Mortgage Interest. They’ll get a payment if the average temperature in their area is recorded as, or forecast to be, zero degrees celsius or below over seven consecutive days. READ MORE: Martin Lewis fan 'chuffed to bits' after saving £400 on annual water bill using his tips Winter fuel payment People born before September 26, 1956 could get between £250 and £600 to help pay their heating bills. This is known as a ‘Winter Fuel Payment’. The amount people get includes a ‘Pensioner Cost of Living Payment’. This should be anywhere between £150 and £300, the Government has confirmed. They’ll get this extra amount in both winter 2022 to 2023 and winter 2023 to 2024. This is in addition to any other Cost of Living Payments they get with their benefit or tax credits. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den success lands £25m deal in just three months - cast made 'excellent profit' The majority of pensioners will be awarded this automatically if they are eligible and will receive a letter in October or November informing them how much they will get. Warm Home DiscountIndividuals could get £150 off their electricity bill for winter 2022 to 2023 under the Warm Home Discount Scheme. The money is not paid to them - it’s a one-off discount on the electricity bill, between October 2022 and March 2023. People may be able to get the discount on their gas bill instead if their supplier provides them with both gas and electricity and they’re eligible. Individuals can contact their supplier to find out. Individuals qualify if they either:- Get the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit- Are on a low income and have high energy costs. For people in Scotland, people qualify if they receive the same benefit and are on low income but they need to meet their supplier’s specific criteria. Cost of living The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has confirmed that over eight million families across the UK on means-tested benefits will automatically receive a payment of £301 this spring. Cost of living payment schedule There are several benefits that could make claimants eligible for the £301 Cost of Living Payment, including Universal Credit and Tax Credits - through which 5.4 million households across the UK are expected to qualify, and Pension Credit, through which 1.4 million pensioner households are expected to be paid.