Kirsty Gallacher, 47, gave fans an update on her ear tumour as she revealed she is set to have radiotherapy in a few months. The broadcaster stepped back from her co-hosting role on the Great British Breakfast back in 2021 to focus on her health. Now, Kirsty has explained she will need to undergo radiotherapy in the summer in a bid to “shrink” the tumour. Kirsty said: "The tumour isn't going to go until I have radiotherapy to shrink it and I'm not doing that at the moment, but I'm watching it. Speaking to the Mirror, Kirsty continued: “Radiotherapy is a last resort. “I will do it in the summer, but it's not a nice thing to do." READ MORE: Ricky Gervais tickles fans with 'outrageous' backstage demands Back in November 2021, Kirsty announced her decision to take a break from her GB News job after the tumour was discovered. The presenter shared the news with her Instagram followers in a candid post. She penned: "During the summer I discovered I have a tumour in the inner canal of my right ear. "Thankfully, it's benign and not hugely detrimental to my normal life. "However, the tumour has caused severe tinnitus which makes it very difficult to sleep. "Sadly my 3am starts at GB News, compounded by sleep deprivation, are exacerbating my symptoms." Kirsty continued: "I have taken the difficult decision to take a step back from my role on the Great British Breakfast while I focus on my health. "GB News has been incredibly supportive of me and I look forward to returning to the channel as soon as I can. DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE] "As I adjust to managing my condition, I will carry on my less disruptive work commitments and continue maintaining a healthy lifestyle and training so I can get back to my normal routine quickly." The presenter signed off the post with her name and a kiss. GB News also took to its official Twitter account to confirm Kirsty would be taking a step back from her role. In view of its followers, the channel wrote: "Wishing you all the best @TheRealKirstyG "And good luck with your recovery, from all your friends at GB News." Kirsty simply replied: "Thank you all." The TV star is known for her work on Sky Sports but the presenter has plenty of other high-profile roles under her belt. Prior to GB News, Gallacher had appeared alongside Ant and Dec on Saturday Night Takeaway, fronted ITV’s Soccer Aid and took part in the 2015 series of Strictly Come Dancing.