Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp coldly shut down a reporter after Saturday's 3-0 thrashing at Wolves, refusing to answer a question due to 'what he wrote'. Klopp, unsurprisingly, wasn't in a bright mood after the Reds' problematic season took another dire twist at Molineux. Wolves mauled Liverpool to extend the visitors' woeful recent run, losing four of their seven games in 2023 and winning just one. Joel Matip started proceedings by putting the ball in his own net after just five minutes before new boy Craig Dawson doubled the lead seven minutes later. Ruben Neves put a cherry on the cake in the 71st minute, inflicting Liverpool's seventh defeat of the Premier League season. After full-time, Klopp looked in no mood for talking and refused to speak with one reporter over something he had previously written about the club. The Athletic's James Pearce asked Klopp whether Liverpool's slow starts were a mentality issue, especially given they had a whole week to prepare to face Wolves. DON'T MISS: David de Gea channels Jose Mourinho with referee dig after Palace win But the Reds boss quickly shut him down, refusing to respond and instead asking another reporter in the media room to repeat the question so he could answer. And in response, Klopp admitted that any criticism about his team would be justified after an opening 12 minutes that 'are not allowed'. He said: "It's very difficult to talk to you if I'm 100 per cent honest. I'd prefer not to do that. You know why. For all the things you wrote. So if somebody else wants to ask that question, I will answer." "Yeah, it's true. We had that problem in the first half of the season, now not so much anymore. But today, it was the pinnacle of our problems because, in a game like this, it's absolutely not allowed. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "But you can criticise and judge us and say whatever you want. You're probably right. I have nothing to say to that because these 12 minutes [at the start of the game] are not allowed." Liverpool are winless in three and have suffered back-to-back defeats after their FA Cup exit at Brighton and Hove Albion last weekend. The Reds have won just one more game than they've lost in the current campaign, a damning capitulation from years of relentless triumph under Klopp's leadership. Now 10th in the Premier League, Klopp's side are now just as close to the relegation zone as they are to the top four. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing!