Dame Olivia Newton-John tragically died in August at the age of 73, after battling cancer three times since 1992. Now, the Grease star’s devoted husband, John Easterling, has spoken out on her final days and revealed that despite her condition she was “free of pain”. He said: "She was very clear and very alive and very conscious and not in pain, so there was a quality of life there at that time that I think is so critical. "That was part of Olivia's great contribution with the Olivia Newton-John Cancer and Wellness Center providing a real quality of life for people was close to her heart. "That's a lot of the focus there and was with Olivia too through her entire journey," John told The Daily Telegraph. In October, the film producer said his late wife was "fortunate" enough to "have access to a broad variety of wellness treatments" and she wanted others to have the same privilege. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley took out ‘3 life insurance policies’ before death He explained the treatments, which included medicinal cannabis, "undoubtedly extended Olivia's life and gave her quality of life". John previously told The Herald Sun Olivia was "pain free", because of the alternative treatments and she didn't need "toxic chemicals or addictive painkillers" to manage her terminal illness. He added Olivia was "cheerful and joyful" in her final moments. Olivia often lobbied politicians to try to influence change within the law and make medicinal cannabis available to patients at Melbourne's ONJ Cancer Wellness and Research Centre. "Her dream with the Olivia Newton-John Wellness Centre was to have Australians going through cancer have access to the similar types of treatments," John said. Olivia’s death was announced on August 9, 2022, via a statement from her official Facebook page. The announcement read: “Dame Olivia Newton-John (73) passed away peacefully at her Ranch in Southern California this morning, surrounded by family and friends. “We ask that everyone please respect the family’s privacy during this very difficult time.” It continued: “Olivia has been a symbol of triumphs and hope for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer. "Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continues with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine and cancer. "In lieu of flowers, the family asks that any donations be made in her memory to the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund (ONJFoundationFund.org)." Dame Olivia, who famously played Sandy opposite John Travolta in Grease, was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 1992. DON'T MISS...Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] She received her diagnosis the same weekend her father died. Olivia became a spokeswoman for the illness, raising money for charities and even opening her own cancer and wellness research centre in Australia. Her efforts in the field were recognised by the Queen, who appointed her a Dame in 2020 New Year's Honours list. At the time, Olivia's daughter Chloe Lattanzi posted a series of photos with her mum on Instagram by way of tribute.