It was first given significance in the 1930s by US President Franklin D Roosevelt who rolled out no fewer than 15 key pieces of legislation, making up his New Deal programme before that deadline passed. This early productivity saw him surging in the opinion polls. It can safely be said that Rishi Sunak, who reached the 100-day mark on Thursday, is no Roosevelt. That’s because this Prime Minister hasn’t done all that much and isn’t very popular. There have been as many U-turns – over issues like house-building targets and onshore wind energy – as eye-catching initiatives. Mr Sunak has certainly calmed financial markets following the turbulence of the brief Liz Truss era – and that has fed through into lower projections over where interest rates will peak, to the relief of many borrowers. But aside from that – and one bold decision on blocking the SNP’s ludicrous new transgender law – there is not a lot to note in any ledger of early achievements. And yet he has already earned himself some more time by setting out his five key early priorities in straightforward fashion in a New Year speech. These pledges – on halving inflation, reducing the national debt, kickstarting growth, cutting NHS waiting times and stopping the migrant boats – are well chosen and reflect the anxieties of those who voted Conservative in 2019. There are not so many key objectives as to suggest a scatter-gun approach, nor so few as to imply we are dealing with a single-issue fanatic. They do not all depend on new laws either, though the migration promise certainly does. And most fair judges would concede that none can be expected to be achieved overnight. It is nonetheless reassuring to hear the PM’s preferred criteria for marking his homework and find that they broadly correspond to our own top priorities. This will also be useful in focusing Government ministers and senior civil servants, and in reminding Mr Sunak himself which issues form the core agenda as dozens of other matters compete for his attention. So, like many voters, I’m willing to give him a year or so before making a definitive judgement. If he halves inflation in 2023 – which he should do, given global trends on energy prices, shipping costs and the like – then he will need to do so again in 2024 to get things back on an even keel. If the ratio of debt to GDP starts to come down, it will need to keep doing so in ever-bigger tranches before the public finances can be said to be in decent shape again. And as far as growth goes, time will tell whether his fiscal caution proves a better approach than that of the many Tories who believe tax cuts are an essential missing ingredient. We will know, too, by this time next year whether the NHS is in better shape via a wide variety of metrics: waiting lists, ambulance response times, A&E waits, delays in seeing a GP. Mr Sunak can talk up dozens of smart initiatives in the meantime, but there will be no hiding place from the millions of voters who use the health service every week if those plans have proven ineffective. And on the small boats, the numbers will be the numbers. January’s figure of about 1,100 arrivals has come in very slightly under that of January 2022, but that’s mainly down to rougher weather in the Channel. The new law he is planning to unveil – which allegedly will ensure nobody who arrives illegally will be able to claim asylum or stay – will prove the crux of the matter. If he gets it into the statute book and it works, it will become pointless for anyone to pay thousands of pounds to people-smugglers. If he doesn’t, then it’s game over in my book. It is to be hoped that, as time goes on, Mr Sunak will gain confidence and add breadth and depth to his political offer, making progress on other fronts without losing track of the core agenda. What’s the plan on police reform and tackling the twin scourges of crime and anti-social behaviour, for instance? And let’s see more delivery on the 2019 manifesto promise of “levelling-up”. But many of us are fed up with being spun a line and then let down by political leaders. Some, such as Theresa May, proved incapable of getting even one thing done. It’s hardly epoch-making stuff like Roosevelt’s New Deal was, but if Sunak can tick off the items on his little list, he will have a good chance of re-election, whatever the polls say right now.