Fiona Bruce and her team of experts visited The Royal Ballet School in Richmond where modelled porcelain figures, a long bow and a revealing sketch of Dylan Thomas's wife Caitlin were on display. However, it was Hilary Kay who was left stunned at the history behind Margot Fonteyn's make-up box and gave a surprising valuation. Hilary began: "Earlier on we saw this box with Fiona [Bruce] and Darcey Bussell and now it is my treat to be able to delve into it. "You work here, you're involved with the museum side. I suppose the label on the front says it all; Margot Fonteyn make-up box for Moscow." The employee explained: "Absolutely, it is evocative bits about the whole thing. The Royal Ballet Company first went to Russia in 1961 and that is where this beautiful leather case comes from. "Looks very 60s, and it was a really important visit for the company because the company itself was only 30 years old. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit "They were going back to the spiritual home of the great imperial Russian ballet and they were going to be measured against the greatest dancers in the world. "The person who was most nervous was Margot herself, Margot Fonteyn because she was the great and iconic leading ballerina, world-famous at that stage but she had never been tried and tested," she explained. The employee began to laugh and continued: "And I am glad to say that at the end of the performance, there were 21 curtain calls. "It must have been a pretty lonely feeling before the performance and I think of her looking in that mirror just before and she was doing her own make-up because dancers are in charge of their own make-up." Eager to have a closer look at the box, Hilary expressed: "I am going to dive in, I can't wait any longer, it is too wonderful." "It is a 60s design with this emerald green water silk inside," she explained before spotting an added extra inside and asking what they were. The employee explained: "These are her brushes and what she would have done is spat and twisted it to put it away and keep it tidy and it is still like that. "One of these is a little miniature sewing kit, for an emergency. Liquid glue for those horrible sticky eyelashes. Quite heavy and uncomfortable." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will [WATCH]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise double exit as fans 'work out' how Neville leaves [LATEST] Hilary continued: "It wasn't quite as sophisticated as we see now, but obviously a step further and that smell of stage makeup just hits you! "Where did this come from? Did Margot Fonteyn herself leave it behind when she returned from Moscow?" The employee revealed: "No she didn't. Fonteyn died in 1991 and she was living out in Panama and by 2000 there was a huge sale and this was among the items. "There were costumes and all sorts of things, there were her passport and several other artefacts. "It was in fact acquired for the school, especially for the royal ballet school by a benefactor who wanted it to come home in a sense." Stunned by its history, Hilary exclaimed: "How fabulous is that! This has soaked in Margot Fonteyn's character, it is a wonderful object. "Now when it comes to valuing such personal objects it is tricky. I know what it sold for at auction back in 2000 and I am going to completely ignore that figure because I don't think it has a bearing on which this object is worth now. "And I would put it at somewhere between £,5000 and £7,000. I think it is a wonderfully evocative piece, a time capsule which tells you about Margot Fonteyn in Russia in 1961. Magic." Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.