Arsenal could risk missing out on Moises Caicedo altogether after the Gunners’ relationship with Brighton was reportedly ‘damaged’ by the January transfer saga. Caicedo was the subject of two unsuccessful bids by Arsenal that left the Seagulls ‘irritated’. The north Londoners had offers worth £60m and £70m turned down by Brighton late in the winter window. Brighton’s healthy financial position meant they were able to stay firm that the midfielder would not be sold. Discussions took place after the first bid in which Brighton made it clear to Arsenal that the Ecuador midfielder would remain until at least the end of the season. But Arsenal still went ahead with their second proposal, apparently hoping that Seagulls owner Tony Bloom was ‘bluffing’. When the second bid landed, Brighton were left ‘irritated’ and ‘perplexed’ by Arsenal’s continued attempts to sign a player they had been told was not for sale. It has left the relationship between the two clubs ‘damaged’. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea 'unveil' Enzo Fernandez, Man Utd late deal That is according to The Athletic, who report that the two clubs previously shared a ‘cordial’ connection. Brighton have sold Ben White and Leandro Trossard to the Emirates Stadium outfit for a combined fee of nearly £80m over the last 18 months, with the latter making the switch earlier in January. Arsenal’s mishap appears to have broken their relationship with Brighton. That could have severe implications further down the line, especially should they decide they want to revisit their interest in Caicedo this summer. The 21-year-old was desperate to depart Brighton and even broke rank by releasing a statement urging them to accept bids by Arsenal and Chelsea. He was asked to stay away until after the window closed and was ruled out of the club’s FA Cup win over Liverpool. DON'T MISS...Arsenal star Jorginho lifts lid on failed Mikel Arteta bidsArsenal boss Mikel Arteta gives four reasons behind Jorginho transferFive free agents Man Utd, Liverpool and Arsenal can still sign Caicedo returned to training on Wednesday morning with Brighton’s plan having worked perfectly. It is unclear whether he will push for a move in the summer transfer window. Arsenal instead signed the experienced midfielder Jorginho from Chelsea in a £12m deal. A summer pursuit of Caicedo could be cast aside as the Gunners are expected to go all-in for West Ham captain Declan Rice. The England sensation will have just 12 months to run on his Hammers contract come June. Arsenal believe they can strike a cut-price transfer for the 24-year-old, who has been impressed with their progress under Mikel Arteta.