  Presenter Gabby Logan, 49, told her husband Kenny Logan, 50, that he had made a “mistake” in discussing their sex life. She went on to scold him for telling the press that their “sex life isn’t normal yet” following his battle with prostate cancer.      Gabby and Kenny have been through a lot in the past year, after the ex Scottish rugby union player was diagnosed with prostate cancer in February, 2022. Thankfully he made a full recovery after treatment and having his prostate removed, and he was given the all clear by the doctor. In today’s episode of her podcast The MidPoint with Gabby Logan, the former gymnast invited her husband onto the show following his recent comments to the press. “I’m not going to make this an episode about your prostate,” Gabby began cheekily, to which Kenny replied: “Good, we’re on.” READ MORE: Penny Lancaster wows on her and Rod Stewart's lookalike son's birthday       The presenter then went on to praise the “amazing reaction” Kenny had got after speaking up about his experience with prostate cancer. However, she wasn’t too happy with one particular comment her husband made to the press. “You had a bit of a schoolboy error last week didn’t you” she asked Kenny in reference to a recent interview he did. The pair agreed that, while it was a “really good interview”, they had hoped the focus of the article would be elsewhere.      “The headline read (something like), ‘I’m good but my sex life isn’t normal yet’,” Gabby revealed, eliciting an embarrassed grown from Kenny. “And that didn’t really reflect the article did it?” she continued. The Telegraph article in question, which came out last week, was titled: “Kenny Logan: 'I'm clear of prostate cancer – but our sex life is not back to normal’.” “But can I just say you’ve been around this business long enough that if somebody asks you about your sex life… What’s the answer you should have given kenny?” Gabby asked. READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's 'rinsing' is how most Americans feel, claims Piers [NEWS] Richard Hammond's ‘addiction to work’ cost him relationship with kids [NEWS] Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than ever [PICTURE]     “It’s brilliant?” Kenny replied, to which Gabby exasperatedly responded: “No! “You should have said, ‘I don’t want to talk about that,’” she said firmly. “Well, I’d sort of been quite open about erectile dysfunction so I thought I might as well go full hog,” Kenny reasoned teasingly. “This is not about our sex life,” Gabby added pointedly about the upcoming episode, after which they both agreed that “we all make mistakes” when it comes to saying things we shouldn’t.     Gabby and Kenny have been married since 2001 and share 17-year-old twins Reuben and Lois. The TV presenter revealed that watching her husband battle prostate cancer was “horrible” during a chat with Steven Bartlett on his podcast A Diary of a CEO. She recalled the tough times the couple shared when he was treated for the disease and broke down when she described what it was like when Kenny was first given the devastating diagnosis. Gabby said at the time: “He was really upset as you can imagine and I just thought, 'Right no, this is going to be absolutely fine, what are we going to do? What are the answers here?'" Listen to the latest episode of The MidPoint podcast with Gabby Logan on streaming services now.    