Princess Eugenie has been photographed lately on trips to Mexico and holidays in Santa Monica, California. The mother of one recently announced she is expecting another child with Jack Brooksbank, and she is glowing during her pregnancy. What diet and exercise routine does Princess Eugenie follow? Michael Brigo, a Personal Trainer, spoke to Express.co.uk to break down Eugenie's "transformational" journey with her fitness. He said: "As it is known Princess Eugenie has experienced her own transformational fitness journey. "With a combination of a healthy diet, it’s very likely her exercise regime consists of HIIT (high-intensity interval training) doing circuits with a mixture of bodyweight cardio exercises such as jump squats, burpees, high knees and lunges – just to name a few!" READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures  Sarah Campus, the founder of LDNMUMSFITNESS also spoke to Express.co.uk, and she explained the diet that the Princess usually likes to follow. She claimed: "Princess Eugenie is a very adventurous eater and has a very diverse taste in food. She is an avid supporter of balanced nutrition paired with regular exercise, particularly HIIT training. "Breakfast she is particularly keen on a freshly baked pastry. At lunch, she will always reach for the healthy option where possible but is also keen on vegetable pizza at dinner times. "She prefers to cook for herself so she knows what’s in her food, but does enjoy dining out and enjoys chips, don’t we all!  "She particularly likes Italian food, but also other diverse cuisines too. In terms of hydration, her staple is free tea, as well as coke and sparkling water, then on the alcohol form she will usually reach for vodka and soda, but also partial to a cocktail." Has Princess Eugenie lost weight over the years or does she maintain a steady weight? The expert noted: "Princess Eugenie has maintained a steady weight, following her healthy nutritious eating and active HIIT training. Keeping up with consistency is the answer to maintaining healthy sustainable weight." What exercises does Princess Eugenie follow? Sarah added: "Regular HIIT training, she is a particular fan of squat jumps, burpees and lunges - a mixture of bodyweight and cardio. READ MORE: Princess Amalia suffers 'body shaming' during tour - a look at diet  "She exercises regularly, getting up at 6:45am and getting started at 7am - where she gets her circuits done as then it's done for the day." The Princess of York is reportedly splitting her time between Portugal and London with her growing family, as her husband Jack is a Tequila Ambassador out there. The expert expanded on how Eugenie's diet will change when she is out in Portugal compared to the UK. Sarah suggested: "The Portuguese lifestyle is similar to that of a Mediterranean one. Many of the ingredients used in Portuguese dishes are healthy foods (fish, vegetables, fruits, herbs, grains, etc.)  "However, many of those healthy ingredients end up being fried rather than roasted or baked. It is therefore essential for Princess Eugenie to be selective with her food choices if eating out and entertaining should she wish to maintain her current slender and glowing state. "The Portuguese have a love for olive oil which significantly benefits the body by being a powerful antioxidant, has strong anti-inflammatory properties, rich in monounsaturated fats and is not associated with weight gain or obesity and contributes to glowing hair, skin and nails. "Princess Eugenie also needs to ensure she doesn’t eat too late as this is very typical for the Portuguese lifestyle. Eating late at night can lead to several health hazards like increase in blood sugar levels, heart diseases, obesity and acidity. "Basically, the later you eat, the less your body is prepared to sleep, which can also have adverse effects on your memory and efficiency for the next day. The Portuguese lifestyle can support one who is looking to maintain weight as it’s predominantly small portions, fresh ingredients, its warmer climate leads you to select healthier food choices and eat less." 