Simon Jordan has ripped into crisis club Everton claiming that Andre Ayew snubbed a move to the club on transfer deadline day because they are a "toxic club". The Toffees failed to make a single signing in the January transfer window despite their precarious league position, having missed out on Ayew after the free agent decided to join Nottingham Forest instead. The Merseyside club were linked with a host of names going into the final day of the window, from Chelsea midfielder Conor Gallagher to Rennes winger Kamaldeen Sulemana. But their attempts to make new signings came all too late for new manager Sean Dyche, was appointed with only 48 hours left before the deadline. Ayew, 33, signed a six-month contract with Forest after leaving Qatari outfit Al-Sadd and reportedly snubbed an offer from Everton in the process, leaving the relegation-threatened side without any new recruits to welcome to Goodison Park. And Jordan, the former chairman of Crystal Palace, stated that the Ghanian's choice was hardly surprising given the dire situation Everton currently find themselves in. READ MORE: All 14 players Everton failed to sign on transfer deadline day "The fact is players don't want to go to Everton at this moment in time, which is a tragedy for the football club," Jordan said, speaking on talkSPORT. The question was then posed to Jordan by radio show presenter Jim White as to why Ayew would want to join Forest, who have signed 27 players in the last two transfer windows, over Everton. "Because Everton are toxic," he replied. "Why would you want to go into a bag of trouble right now where you've got everything against you?" "You've got a playing squad that's particularly not good enough, a fanbase that's disillusioned as well, you've got a board that apparently can't come to games. And you've got a situation where Nottingham Forest are on the up. Nottingham Forest are in feel-good land, Everton are not." DON'T MISS Everton rejected last-minute Chelsea signing for Sean DycheEverton 'offered Isco' on free transfer and may propose six-month dealRichard Keys says it's 'really over' for Everton after latest blunder Everton have lost nine of their last 12 games in the Premier League and are currently sitting in 19th with 15 points from 20 games. Dyche's first game in charge could not be more difficult as they welcome league leaders Arsenal on Saturday lunchtime especially with no new signings, but the former Burnley boss insists he was not promised any new arrivals. "There were no promises to me at all. I agreed to come in," he told reporters. "They said it was going to be a tough window. Guess what? It was a tough window. Honesty is all you want. He added: “We want the fans to reconnect with us, but that’s easy to say. I’ve got to earn my spurs. I’m a marmite manager anyway – not everyone wants you. We’ve got to put the hard yards in. "We want them to support us from the off, even the ones who have angles, questions, if they can park it for a little while and hopefully reconnect with us." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!