Those who are approaching or are at state pension age are being urged to check whether they might be able to boost their pension pot now before it’s too late. The deadline to cash in on missed National Insurance credit years is drawing closer, and for those who could benefit from doing so and fail to meet the date, it could mean they lose out on a full state pension. Alice Haine, personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, commented: “With the end of the financial year edging ever closer, many savers are looking to top up pensions and Individual Savings Accounts, ahead of looming tax rises. Another equally urgent and potentially rewarding strategy, however, is to check your National Insurance (NI) record for any missed years of contributions.” Buying back missed years can be a good way to bolster retirement income as just one qualifying year of NI at the standard rate of £824.20 adds up to £275 per year (1/35 of the full rate of the state pension) to a person’s pre-tax state pension. According to Ms Haine, this would put the “breakeven” point of someone making those contributions at three years after they start claiming their state pension. Ms Haine continued: “If you live 20 years beyond the current state retirement age of 67, each year bought back could give you up to £5,500 per year to take home, a great return particularly when you consider this is likely to rise in line with inflation. Make up five missing years at a cost of about £4,121, for example, and that could potentially be worth up to £27,500 over a typical 20-year retirement.” READ MORE: Jeremy Hunt told to increase pensions allowance to ‘encourage saving'  However, Ms Haine added: “Anyone with a shortfall in their record needs to act fast as they only have until midnight on April 5 to buy back their missed years to qualify for a full state pension. Failure to do so by the deadline might mean they don’t receive the full pension payment they are expecting.” This particularly applies to shortfalls between the 2006/07 and 2016/2017 tax years, as of April 6, 2023, only missing contributions over the past six years can be made up. Ms Haine said: “The concession to buy back more than six years only applies to those on the new state pension, which came into force in April 2016, so they should use this opportunity to improve how much they receive while they still can.” With less than seven weeks to go until the deadline, here is a five-step guide for men born after April 5, 1951, and women born after April 5 1953, to help them decide whether it’s worth making up any missed years before they are lost forever. DON'T MISS: Millions of state pensioners risk missing out on £400 monthly boost [INSIGHT]It could be possible to earn up to £30,000 a year being an Airbnb host [EXPLAINED]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    1. Check state pension record There are several reasons someone could have a gap in their NI record - from a career break to caring for elderly relations, living and working abroad, earning a low income or being self-employed and not paying contributions, again because of a low income. Ms Haine said: “The danger of gaps is that you don’t accrue enough qualifying years to receive a full state pension. Britons typically need at least 10 years of NI contributions to receive anything at all and at least 35 years to receive the maximum amount, which currently stands at £9,600 a year for those retiring after April 6, 2016, and will rise to £10,600 from April. “Remember, it does not need to be 35 consecutive years, but you must have hit that target over the course of your working life to receive the full entitlement.” People who are not currently at state pension age can simply check their NI contribution record by logging onto the state pension forecast calculator, which can be accessed through their Government Gateway. Those who are already at state pension age can simply check their National Insurance record for any incomplete years since 2006. READ MORE: Calls for pension lifetime allowance to be ‘triple locked’  2. Assess whether filling any NI gaps makes sense A person’s state pension summary will clearly state how many years of contributions they already have, how many they have left to contribute before they retire and the number of years in which they did not contribute enough. These will be marked as ‘Year is not full’ with guidance on how much a person needs to pay in voluntary contributions for each year by April 5. Ms Haine said: “Whether you need to pay up depends on factors such as how many more years you plan to work. Those aged 45 and over who are close to retirement age and won’t have enough time to achieve 35 qualifying years to receive the full state pension may be more inclined to top up, while someone close to retirement and in poor health might not feel it is worth it.” For younger people, it may not be worth the expense of filling the gaps as they are likely to hit the 35-year contribution target anyway throughout their lives through work or NI credits. For them, Ms Haine said it would be “taking a real risk” to buy now unless they are sure they won't make them up later, for example, because they live overseas. The specific years missed are also important to factor in. Those who have gaps between the 2006/07 and the 2016/2017 tax years will no longer be able to buy them back after midnight on April 5, so these could be prioritised first. After that, Ms Haine said: “The number of extra years that can be filled drops down to the last six tax years, which gives you more time to plug missed years between April 2017 and today.” Ms Haine added: “Ultimately, any potential gain from buying voluntary NI contributions will be wiped out if your health is poor and you are unlikely to live long enough to benefit – with the breakeven point for buying back one year to make financial sense three years after you start claiming your state pension. “There are also lots of complexities to consider. If you are a higher earner, it might not be worth topping up your NI record as it could tip you into a higher tax bracket when you receive your state pension income taking you longer to break even on voluntary top-ups. 3. Get bespoke advice before making a decision Calculating whether to top up can be confusing and ultimately there is no point in someone paying for more years than needed because they won’t get that money back. Ms Haine said: “The best solution is to call the Government’s Future Pension Service to double check how many years you can buy and whether voluntary contributions will add to your state pension. Those who have already reached pension age must contact the Pension Service.”  The Government Future Pension Service can be contacted at 0800 731 0175, while the Pension Service can be reached on 0800 731 0469/ Ms Haine said: “What you might find when you chat to a Government pension expert is that you have more years built up than you realise as you can also build up NI years for free by acquiring tax credits.” Scenarios that can potentially earn NI credits include being a parent or guardian registered for child benefit for a child under 12; being on statutory sick pay; looking for work; fostering a child or caring for a sick or disabled person; being on jury service; being on maternity leave; paternity or adoption pay and even being wrongly imprisoned. Ms Haine explained: “While there are certain stipulations for each scenario, NI credits can often be automatically applied, so it is always wise to put in a manual claim if they are not on your record. Your adviser can chat through this with you and offer guidance for your unique situation and whether buying a missing year will actually give your eventual state pension a bump up. 4. Calculate the cost of topping up According to Ms Haine, for most people, the cost to make up a full year by April 5 is £824.20 for gaps between 2006/07 to 2019/20. For the most recent two years, the rate is slightly less at £795.60 for 2020/21 and £800.80 for 2021/22. This rate of NI contribution is known as Class 3.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, Ms Haine continued: “People pay different rates depending on their situation. While those in full employment pay Class 1 NI contributions, which are based on earnings and automatically deducted by their employer, the self-employed pay Class 2 and 4 based on their taxable profits and those living abroad pay Class 2. “Class 2 is considerably cheaper at about £160 for one year than Class 3, so when you consider that one qualifying year of NI adds about £275 a year or £5.29 a week to your state pension for the rest of your life – it's easy to see the value of buying back those missed years.” For someone who was living abroad during their missed year, they need to download and complete HMRC’s CF83 form and send it to the address on the form. Ms Haine said: “To qualify for Class 2 NI contributions, you will need to prove you lived in the UK for at least three years in a row or paid NI contributions for at least three years before you left the UK and give the names and address of the employers you worked for during your time overseas.” Those who have retired abroad should pay Class 3 NI rates for any missed years.  5. Make the payment Once how many years to top up and which ones exactly have been decided, people can contact HMRC to find out the cost and how to get the 18-digit reference number needed to actually make a payment and ensure the sum is recorded on their NI record. Ms Haine said: “This number can be given to you over the phone or sent by post but allow at least two weeks for this to come through by mail. Once you have the 18-digit number, paying for the missed years can be done by online bank transfer, from a bank at your bank or building society or paid for by cheque posted a cheque to HMRC. “With the clock ticking, anyone looking to make up the shortfall should start the process straightaway to ensure you make up those missed years before it is too late.” 