Liverpool defender Joel Matip admits it would be hard to imagine playing for any other manager than Jurgen Klopp. The former Cameroon international has only had Klopp as his boss at Anfield. Matip joined Liverpool on a free transfer from Schalke in the summer of 2016. Klopp knew the centre-back from his time in the Bundesliga and made him a key addition to his squad. He has won both the Premier League and Champions League during his time at the club, though has often suffered from injury problems. Klopp has seen growing doubts over his future this season due to a poor domestic showing from Liverpool. Matip has thanked the German for the impact he has had on his career so far and admitted it wouldn't be the same without him. Matip told talkSPORT: "At my former club I had a few managers, and here I’ve only had him [Klopp]. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover 'the reason Liverpool performed U-turn on sale'  "He’s the coach who brought me here and of course, he’s made a great impact on me, he’s made me a better player. It would be hard to imagine someone else there." Matip has 18 months remaining on his Liverpool contract. He has spoken of his admiration for the club where he has made so many memories. He added: "Seven years for a football player is a long time, it was an intense period and I’ve learned things. I went to a new country and joined a wonderful, great club. It’s still an honour to play for Liverpool and I always try to enjoy it. "Wearing the Liverpool shirt, you feel seven foot tall, especially when you’re playing at Anfield and the supporters sing. It always gives you an extra boost. It’s a special club." DON'T MISSPep Guardiola rejects Thierry Henry's Erling Haaland commentsHow Man Utd dressing room 'privately reacted' to Ten Hag's treatment of SanchoTottenham outcast may follow Dele with 'immediate' switch to Turkey  As well as speculation over Klopp's long-term future, Liverpool are also linked with transfer targets ahead of a potential summer rebuild. But Matip refused to get involved in any rumours. He said: "It’s not on my mind, I don’t listen to all the things and all the people and what they’re saying, I cannot listen to all these things and get influenced by this. I have all the trust and confidence in my team-mates and in myself, I know the quality of myself and my teammates and we are going from there. "There will always be talk around the club and about the club and you need to get used to this. When you play for Liverpool and it doesn’t go your way, the people always ask for change – this is normal." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 