During Tuesday's episode of her ITV chat show, she was joined by royal correspondent Russell Myers to discuss the upcoming coronation of King Charles III and whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle would be in attendance. Talk also turned to Harry's latest book promotion as he starts his own mental health seminar, however, Lorraine seemed less than impressed. Ending their conversation, they discussed the fact that you can buy, log in and listen to Prince Harry giving a session on mental health. Lorraine was confused by the notion and asked Russell to clarify where he explained: "You can log on and join a live stream. "Penguin Random House are running this in conjunction with Harry, he is going to be delivering mental health wellness seminar. "It is going to be just online and you will get a free copy of his book with the ticket price, so a bargain for some may believe. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis "This is part of his worldwide tour, he is still speaking about the Royal Family, he is still speaking about the book. "So it brings you back to this apology, will the family think that he should put up and shut up if he wants to make reconciliation with his family, I don't think this is the way to go about it." Lorraine added: "The money that you pay you get a copy with the book, but do we know where that money is going to?" Russell confirmed: "Well it is going to the publishers, they are a bit candid really, and saying it is all-encompassing in his book deal. "We do know that Prince Harry is giving some money to charity, there was a percentage of the profits going to the likes of Sentebale. "Go check it out yourself, it is on March 4 if you fancy listening to a bit more of Prince Harry." She quipped: "I think I've had enough thanks, for me anyway. If somebody else wants to do it and pay £17.70 that is up to you, Russell thank you, thank you so much." The King's coronation will take place on Saturday, May 6 but there is apprehension as to whether Harry and Meghan Markle will be attending. DON'T MISS... Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series [INSIGHT]Countryfile confirms death of guest after heartwarming moment [LATEST]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [WATCH] Their relationship became even more turbulent after the release of his memoir Spare, and the multiple TV interviews he took part in, including the exclusive chat with ITV's Tom Bradby. Harry suggested there was a chance the family could reconcile and come back together. He explained: "The ball is in their court. There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re [the family] willing to sit down and talk about it. However, Harry has recently come forward and said he would like an apology in person from King Charles and Prince William. A source told the Daily Mail the Prince of Wales is "not in the mood for any conversation" but added Charles is more open to having a conversation. Lorraine said: "If he wants an apology, what does he want them to say sorry for? Because there are quite a lot of gripes in that book, that could be quite a long session of apologies." Russell explained: "I think that is quite an understatement because this has been going on longer than the Brexit saga! Will he or won't he attend the coronation? "He alluded to himself in his interviews that he was seeking reconciliation but that had to come with some caveat. He thought his father and brother behaved dishonourably towards him. "He thought he was forced out of the Royal Family, however, I think he will be waiting an awfully long time if that is his caveat to coming to the coronation." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.