The Idaho murder case could be in jeopardy because of extensive leaking despite a gag order being in place. PhD student Bryan Kohberger is facing four first-degree murder charges for the deaths of undergrads Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin. Attorney Andrew Pickett told Express.co.uk leaks can be "highly damaging" to a case and can "compromise" the prosecutors' strategy. The four University of Idaho students were found dead in the women's off-campus residence in Moscow, Idaho on November 13, 2022. According to the latest census, the town has a little over 25,000 residents – a relatively small jury pool which could undermine the prosecution because of repeated leaks about the investigation. The Trial Attorney told Express.co.uk: "In my experience, the leaking of information about an investigation can be highly damaging to the prosecution's case if it has the potential to allow their strategy to be compromised. "From a defence perspective, they could argue that the investigation has been compromised and try dismissing portions of or even Kohberger's case due to the leaks. JUST IN: China could 'take out entire US' with coordinated surveillance balloon attack "Depending on the judge, this could be successful if it is determined that the investigation has been compromised." The Andrew Pickett Law expert said the court could still contain the impact of leaks with specific countermeasures to limit public access to information. He said: "To try and ensure a trial can still be held, the prosecution should employ countermeasures to limit public access to details of the case, such as stricter enforcement of gag orders or even full court closure when necessary. "This would prevent further leaks and could help the prosecution's case in court." READ MORE: Dilbert cancelled after creator's racist warning to get 'f*** away' from black people The judge in charge of the case has placed a restrictive gag order on the investigation but information has still been widely shared, prompting fears it could influence the jury's view. The majority of Latah County residents live in the small hamlet of Moscow, and experienced weeks of fear as investigators tracked down the suspected murderer. Pickett's assessment was echoed by Boise-based attorney Edwina Elcox, who argued leaking could effectively taint the jury pool. She said: "It’s a huge issue that this source is leaking information. DON'T MISS:The free world is in danger as tyrants re-arm and threaten once more [INSIGHT]Harris and Biden ‘detached from reality’ says GOP [SPOTLIGHT]Plastic surgeon on Jill Biden's amazingly youthful looks age 71 [REVEAL] "That has the potential to compromise the integrity of the investigation and prosecution of the case." Elcox said the threat to the case was so high that "if an employee of my office did that, they would unequivocally no longer be employed." Kohberger is due to appear in court on June 26 for his preliminary hearing. He last appeared in front of a judge in January after being extradited back to Idaho from Pennsylvania, where he was arrested on December 30. Elcox's warnings came after a series of reports emerged showing law enforcement officers had shared information about Kohberger's alleged connection to the victims. The investigators claimed the 28-year-old had pictures of one of the victims in his phone. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews