Lewis Hamilton dropped a not-so-subtle hint on his F1 future during Mercedes' W14 launch ahead of the 2023 season. The Brit is due to be out of contract at the end of the year but talks have been ongoing for some time, and it appears as though confirmation of an extension could be just around the corner. Hamilton has been with the Silver Arrows since 2013, winning six of his seven Drivers' Championships as part of the team. Now beyond his 38th birthday, the veteran F1 star is one of the oldest drivers on the grid, sparking speculation about whether or not he plans to stick around beyond this season. Neither Hamilton nor team principal Toto Wolff have hidden the fact that both are keen for the working relationship to continue. The former McLaren ace has lagged behind Max Verstappen for two years in a row but he remains one of the biggest names in the sport. Just before the W14 was unveiled on Wednesday morning, Hamilton was asked about what keeps the fire burning in his belly as he continues to race on into the twlight of his F1 career. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton left perplexed after Toto Wolff pinches his shoes "I've been here a long time," he explained. "I think [what keeps me going] is the combined energy of all the individuals in the team. I love being a part of the team that's working towards a common goal. "I continue to love racing, I don't think that's ever going to change. It's a part of my DNA. I always believe that I can get better. I love that mental and physical challenge of having to deep dive and see how you can extract more performance from yourself and those around you, from a car that's always evolving. DON'T MISSHamilton facial expression says it all as Mercedes contract addressed [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton tipped for US move after F1 retirement  [ANALYSIS]F1 boss holds crunch talks with Andretti amid Toto Wolff opposition [COMMENT]  "The car changes every year, it's a new logbook that you have to get used to and I love that." Smirking directly at team boss Toto Wolff, Hamilton added: "I'm planning to stay for a little bit longer." Wolff previously claimed that the pair would sit down and hold discussions over the winter break, although there is yet to be an official announcement on Hamilton's future. According to Sportune, the 38-year-old has been offered a bumper pay rise which would take him to £62million per season, should he decide to stay on in pursuit of more world titles.  Mercedes lacked performance compared to Red Bull and Ferrari last season, but even if they manage to turn things around in 2023, Hamilton has a promising team-mate in George Russell to overcome if he is to clinch a record-breaking eighth championship. "We're all here to win, it's as simple as that," admitted the former Williams star, who pipped Hamilton in the standings last year. "We need to go out there and see what challenges we're facing. The motivation and fire within the factory is immense because people don't want a repeat of what happened in 2022. We're ready for it, and ready to go out there and fight."