Alison presents Friday's instalment of This Morning alongside Dermot O'Leary and she's known for her bubbly personality and infection cackle. However, it has been reported the 48-year-old has been singled out by ITV bosses as a possible successor to Holly Willoughby. Holly, 42, has been co-hosting This Morning alongside her good friend Phillip Schofield since 2009. She also presents Dancing on Ice with Phillip. Sources are claiming This Morning bosses are trying to draw up a suitable deal to keep Holly on the morning talk show should she tell them she intends to quit. They have also claimed Alison, 48, tops their replacement list for the blonde beauty. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error “ITV bosses are clear they want Holly to return to This Morning next year," a source told The Mirror. "But while a question mark hangs over her future, there have been conversations about who could step in if she decided to go. “Top of that list is Alison," they continued. "She has gone from being seen as a safe pair of hands to a real asset to the channel. “And while her partnership with Dermot is seen as solid, there have also been conversations about other pairings – such as with Josie Gibson, who she was recently filming with in the French Alps." Josie is often seen presenting competition segments on This Morning and occasionally stands in to host the show. The source added: “If Holly were to leave, it is unlikely she would be replaced by one person. "When Piers Morgan left Good Morning Britain, there would be a series of combinations trialled." They alleged other names which have been thrown into the mix include former politician Ed Balls and Good Morning Britain veteran Kate Garaway. DON'T MISS...Alison Hammond sets the record straight on engagement rumours [LATEST]Ant and Dec show in chaos as Alison Hammond 'nearly walks' from prank [UPDATE]Richard E Grant gets 'reality check' after the 'hoopla' around BAFTAs [INSIGHT] Former Big Brother star Alison has appeared on This Morning since 2002 and she has been a guest host for the past three years. She stepped into host the show on Fridays with Essex-born Dermot when ITV decided to part ways with husband and wife duo Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford. Eamonn now hosts GB News on weekday mornings and Ruth is often a panellist on the ITV talk show Loose Women. An ITV spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We don't comment on speculation around artists' contracts." Her co-star Phillip, 60, has presented the popular daytime show since 2002. Before Holly joined the show, he hosted it alongside fan-favourite Fern Britton. The 65-year-old now focuses her attention on being an author and is part of a Channel 5 series called My Cornwall With Fern Britton. This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV and ITVX. 