Arsenal have been warned Declan Rice will reject them this summer because Mikel Arteta's side are going to be a one season wonder. Former West Ham right-back Glen Johnson says he cannot see the Gunners challenging for the Premier League title next year even if they win it this term. Arsenal are five points clear at the top of the table, with a game in hand over second-placed Manchester City. They are aiming to win their first league title since 2004. They still have 18 matches to play, including facing City twice. But Arteta is already eyeing up summer transfer targets and Rice is at the top of his list. He is out of contract at West Ham in 2024 and although the Hammers have an option to extend it by a further year, they may be forced to sell their prized asset soon to bring in a large fee for him. Manchester United and Manchester City have been linked with Rice, as have Chelsea who released him at the age of 14. READ MORE: Ronaldo scores four Al-Nassr goals in one match in stunning display  But Arsenal are confident they can beat their rivals and lure the England star to the Emirates. Johnson, though, believes Arsenal are having a one-off campaign. He believes the likes of Liverpool and Chelsea will be better than them next season and doesn't think Arsenal will be challenging near the top. Johnson therefore says Rice would not be wise to join the Gunners. He told Betfred: "I can't see him moving to Arsenal in all honesty. Even if Arsenal win the league this season, I’d still be really surprised if they win the league again next season. DON'T MISSTottenham 'eye ex-Chelsea ace' as £45m alternative to Inter and Leipzig trioTottenham assistant Stellini reveals Conte's heartwarming gesture after returnMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds draw  "They look great at the moment and things are going really well for them, but this is a total outlier season for them because they’ve been nowhere near this good previously under Mikel Arteta. Have they turned everything around in six months to be title challengers on a consistent basis? I don’t believe so. "Even if Arsenal win the league I don’t believe Declan will move there because the likes of Manchester City, Chelsea and Liverpool, three teams who haven’t been at their best, are not all going to underperform again next season. "If two or them can get back to their best next season, then Arsenal are going to be fourth or fifth possibly." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 