The family of a 15-year-old girl stabbed to death has left a heartbreaking message during her funeral taking place in the Northumberland town where the incident happened. Holly Newton’s funeral procession is currently moving through Hexham town centre, where hundreds are gathered to say their goodbyes, towards Hexham Abbey.  Holly, from Haltwhistle, Northumberland was found wounded in Priestpopple, Hexham on 27 January and sadly died in hospital. To remember Holly, Hexham Abbey has been lit up in purple, her favourite colour. Purple ribbons have also been placed around the town and locals have been seen wearing the same colour. Before the service, the town fell quiet and roads were cordoned off. At the funeral, Holly's friends and family read aloud in front of those attending. Her mother said: "Some people just do good for this world and my Holly was one of those people." And Holly's aunt Jemma added: "It’s been 22 days since she was last with us. Already it feels like forever. "The works is a much darker place without Holly’s light."  Her family have also called her a "bright and bubbly teenager" as well as a "popular girl, who was loved by so many people". A teenager, aged 16, has been charged with her murder but cannot be identified because of his age. The boy will appear in front of Newcastle Crown Court on 27 February. Another teen was injured during the incident. The murder suspect has also been charged with attempted murder and possession of a knife. Talking about Holly, Rev Henry Hope, of Hexham Abbey, said: "She was someone who was full of life and energy and had vision. "I hope that’s something we can take away from this funeral."      He added: "I think Hexham is still feeling shocked and working through the grief that people have been experiencing at Holly’s death and still looking for a place to take that grief. "We’ve had a steady stream of people coming in to light candles here at the abbey." The girl's school, Queen Elizabeth High School, has released a statement today, announcing that staff and students will be at the service in Hexham Abbey, wearing purple. They said the decision will "signal support for her family".  The statement added: "Holly’s cortege will pass the school on the way to the Abbey. Staff not attending the funeral will line Whetstone Bridge Road at that time as a mark of respect. Students are not in school today as it is a teacher training day. "The thoughts of all in our school community are with Holly’s family and friends." The service started at 11am this morning (February 17) and will be followed by a private burial and wake. Holly's mum invited locals from Hexham to come along and remember Holly as they have "supported" the family so much.   She said: "We'd really love for people to come along and help us remember Holly and we feel that as a community, you've supported us so much, that we'd love you to be part of it. "Again, I thank you all so much for supporting me through the toughest time of my life." 