Chelsea owner Todd Boehly reportedly visited his side's dressing room in the aftermath of the Blues 2-0 defeat to Tottenham on Sunday. The result meant Graham Potter's men continued a dire run of form that has seen them pick up just three wins from their last 17 matches - a situation beIN Sport presenter Richard Keys has described as a ‘shambles’. Chelsea have fallen well below expectations this season and currently languish in tenth position in the Premier League. Their struggles come despite a huge expenditure of over £500million during the course of the season, with many of their new arrivals failing to gel with one another. The club’s form has seen a growing number of supporters call for Potter’s head as pressure builds on the former Brighton boss. However Boehly, along with other top Chelsea officials, are said to still maintain confidence in their long-term plan as they resist pulling the trigger despite the team’s abject performances. Boehly was keen to showcase his support for his manager after the defeat to Tottenham and visited the dressing room according to the Evening Standard. The unity between the board and Potter is one of the major reasons for helping keep him in a job with players yet to turn against the 47-year-old despite the poor performances. READ MORE: Man Utd could sign five PSG stars as owners look to 'do away with £194m' It remains to be seen how long Boehly will maintain this stance if the club’s performances do not improve with criticism growing ever stronger. One of the biggest critics of Potter and the job he has done is BeIN Sport presenter Keys, who has slammed the Englishman and his players. “Chelsea? There’s not a lot left to say is there? It’s an on-going shambles,” he wrote in his blog. “Does anyone know what Graham Potter is actually trying to achieve? I have no idea. Nor do his players.” For his part, Potter has understood the fans' concerns, admitting that performances have just not been good enough recently. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumesArsenal could sign three PSG stars with owners 'looking to slash £645m wage bill'Benni McCarthy played role in Sir Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub "Our supporters have been very fair," he told reporters after the defeat to Spurs. "They have supported the team. I have no complaints with the supporters. They are entitled to be frustrated, upset, and angry with the results we have got and that is my responsibility. I have absolutely no complaints with the supporters." It remains to be seen whether or not Potter will be able to turn the situation at Chelsea around in the coming days and weeks but it appears he maintains the support of Boehly, at least in the short-term.