Discoloured grout is a common occurrence in most UK bathrooms, and can be caused by a number of things, including mould, mildew and soap residue. If not cleaned, the grout can change colour, usually to either red or black. Limescale can also build up in grout which can be hard to get rid of, and so knowing how to easily regrout at home can be game-changing. The experts at Checkatrade recommended getting hold of a variety of tools to help you carry out the job. This included a vacuum, dust sheets, scraper, sponges, grout rake, grout remover blade and a grout spreader. Other equipment items you’ll need include a bucket and tile grout as well as goggles, face mask and gloves. The pros explained: “Place your dust sheets over anything you want to protect in your bathroom and put on your safety equipment.” This will help to prevent anything from getting stained or damaged in the process of rerouting the tiles. READ MORE: Ideal time to prune Japanese maples - avoid ‘weakening’ acer Take your grout remover blade and cut away as much grout as possible. The experts noted: “Run the blade along the edges of the tiles carefully so you don’t accidentally damage the tiles.” When using this, make sure to purchase ample spare blades, especially if regrouting an entire bathroom or multiple rooms at the same time. The pros said: “Take your scraper and chisel out any leftover grout debris. Then vacuum up any dust as you go.” The grout scraper will make sure you are creating a perfect surface to place the new grout on, ensuring it will not be lumpy and bumpy. DON'T MISS:‘Foolproof’ cleaning method to keep Venetian blinds ‘spotless’ [COMMENT]Method to water orchids ‘correctly’ to avoid ‘root rot’ [INSIGHT]Four ‘efficient’ methods to ‘kill’ weeds on driveways and patios [EXPLAINER] Finish the removal by cleaning the surfaces with a damp sponge before leaving it all to dry, it shouldn’t take too long before you can then go in with the new grout. The experts explained: “Take your chosen ready made or ready mix grout and your spreader before applying it to the chiselled out holes between your tiles.” DIYers should work in a diagonal motion to ensure there are no gaps in the application, but don’t worry about any mess which may be building up. You can also use the edge of the spreader to scrape off excess grout and reapply it elsewhere. READ MORE: Five steps to prolong the life of your washing machine The Checkatrade pros said: “Wipe off any excess with a damp cloth and sponge before leaving the front to set and then wipe down the tiles with a wet sponge, rinsing out the excess in your bucket. “Once the grout is set and dried, use a dry cloth to remove the powdery residue that’s inevitably been left behind. “Where tiles touch another surface, such as a bath, don’t grit the area. Instead, seal with a silicone sealant after your grout is dry.” Once you have finished the job, it is essential the grout is cleaned regularly to prevent mould, mildew and bacteria growing in it. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To clean it, the experts recommended mixing warm water and white vinegar together in a spray bottle before spraying it onto the grout and scrubbing with a stiff brush. They added: “If your grout is still dirty, create a baking soda paste with warm water and apply it to the grout lines. Spray on your vinegar solution and allow it to foam. “Scrub with your brush and rinse with warm water. For really tough grout stains and mould, you can always use a purpose-made grout cleaning solution.” If using a product targeted for mould on grout, be sure to refer to the manufacturer’s instructions for best results.