Prince Harry "put himself in a little bit of a difficult situation" as he needs to decide whether receiving an apology from the Royal Family is more important than his brand, Ingrid Seward claimed. The Duke of Sussex levelled a series of accusations about the treatment he and Meghan Markle received since stepping down from his royal role in March 2020. But the royal author suggested Harry will need to assess if accepting an invitation to the coronation could undermine the claims he has made against the institution. Seward said: "Harry's put himself in a little bit of a difficult situation because he said he wants an apology and he also needs to come to the coronation for his brand. "I'm 100 percent sure that he will be invited and he has to decide then if that negates everything he said in the book. I'm sure he'll come. "What's he going to do for the rest of his life? He needs that royal stardust. The coronation is a religious ceremony. "Charles is anointed in the eyes of God, and I think Harry will be swept away by the momentum of it once he gets here." JUST IN: Charles warned Harry and Meghan Coronation plan is 'rife with problems'  She added: "It's really serious stuff. Meghan may not understand but Harry should definitely understand how important it is." Seward also noted the King has a "much easier path" towards reuniting with his youngest son compared to Prince William, another key target in the Duke of Sussex's memoir Spare. She told Newsweek: "I think it's going to take time. It's a much easier path for Charles. He just has to be Charles, say 'darling boy.' "For William, it's quite different. The whole book just slags William off right the way through." Prince Harry exposed a deep divide with Prince William in his autobiography, claiming to have been forced to come to terms with his role as spare from an early childhood. READ MORE: Humble King Charles becomes first monarch to ditch crown as new Royal Mail stamp revealed Relationship and trauma therapist Cate Campbell warned Prince Harry is "putting himself right in harm’s way" with his persistent discussions about his experience within the royal fold. Campbell noted the coronation has now become one of the most pressing matter for the Duke of Sussex. She told The Guardian: "If Harry’s not going to be there, then I think both he and his dad need [to put out] a really good statement for the world to say, ‘In the interests of our future relationship, which we really care about, we’re not going to do this. But we are hoping to be together again in the future.’ "That would be the nice, kind, grown up thing to do.” DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan's 'transatlantic campaign of hate' backfires in US [REACTION]Remainer says he would 'vote to leave' if asked again [INTERVIEW]Buoyant Boris is right to reject gloomy outlook [EXPRESS COMMENT] Buckingham Palace is reportedly planning the coronation with a "working assumption" that Prince Harry will return to the UK to attend his father's coronation. Speaking during the promotional tour for Spare, the Duke himself refused to rule out the possibility of attending the ceremony. He said: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. "There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it." The King's coronation is scheduled to take place on May 6, 2023. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews