The Government has unveiled a vital boost to the maritime industry, with £60million in funding distributed to innovative companies across the UK developing futuristic green technology. Among these include a company that is developing vessels that effectively "fly" above the surface of the water. The Department for Transport noted that for the first time, the UK Government is funding the development of new clean maritime technology across a two-year period. This investment will be delivered to companies in twelve regions around the UK, which they said would generate highly skilled jobs across the nation and position the UK as a world leader in green solutions. Among these projects is Artemis Technologies, which received a combined cash injection of £6million to develop two of its projects aimed at decarbonising the UK's maritime sector. Using technologies adapted from the worlds of high-performance yacht racing, motorsports and aerospace, the company is developing vessels that effectively "fly" above the water surface. The vessels produce zero emissions when foiling and offer energy savings of up to 90 percent resulting in significantly lower operating and maintenance costs. Speaking of the projects, CEO at Artemis Technologies, Dr Iain Percy OBE, said: “The global fight against climate change is one we are all united in, but if the UK Government is to play its part and achieve its ambitious target of reaching net zero emissions by 2050, it needs to unearth and quickly adopt disruptive technologies within the maritime sector. “The Clean Maritime Demonstration Competition is key to unlocking those innovations that will transport the UK towards a more sustainable future and we are thrilled that it has once again recognised the integral role Artemis Technologies can play. “With this latest round of funding, we are emboldened to advance our green technology projects, develop world-leading clean vessels for our seas, and continue on our mission to lead the decarbonisation of maritime.”  Transport Secretary Mark Harper said: “Our maritime sector imports 95% of goods into the UK and contributes £116billion to our economy – more than both aviation and rail combined. “With growing the economy one of the Government’s top priorities, we must continue our efforts to ensure the UK remains a pioneer in cutting-edge clean maritime solutions. The funding we’re awarding today will help to do just that, bringing emission-free concepts to life and fuelling innovation.” READ MORE: Thousands face energy misery as forced meter installs to return The first CMDC-backed project will see Artemis Technologies team with international partners to develop, test, and deploy a 12m, 100 percent electric crew transfer vessel capable of transiting technicians safely from shore to turbine in 1.5m waves. Artemis and the rest of the firms received funding from the third round of the Government’s Clean Maritime Demonstration Competition (CMDC3), which focuses on developing a range of clean maritime technologies including hydrogen, ammonia, electric and wind power. During the two-year investment period, successful companies will be required to demonstrate that their projects will work in the real world, helping them to progress towards becoming an everyday reality. Other winners include a project led by Collins River Enterprises Limited to build and test a brand new fully electric ferry on the River Thames between Canary Wharf and Rotherhithe, building on research funded through the first round of the CMDC. CEO of the UK Chamber of Shipping Sarah Treseder said: “Congratulations to all the successful bids, which cover a wide range of technologies and aspects of shipping. “The UK Chamber of Shipping is committed to net zero by 2050. This funding is an important milestone in ensuring we continue to work together to achieve this important target and will help us complete the journey from theory to reality for zero emission shipping.”  Meanwhile, another project led by AceOn Battery Solar Technology Ltd will develop hydrogen-powered vessels to transfer crew to wind farms off the northeast coast of England from the Port of Blyth. WingTek are also receiving CMDC3 funding to develop and demonstrate two full-sized prototypes of wind-assisted ships with high tech sails, which will reduce the amount of fuel used by the vessels as well as the emissions they produce. 