John McEnroe has urged current tennis players to follow the example of Nick Kyrgios and show more emotion on court. The American icon, who won seven Grand Slam titles, also felt that Elena Rybakina lacked emotion when winning at Wimbledon last year. During his own career, the iconic McEnroe became famed for his notorious temper, which regularly landed him in hot water with the authorities. His line of 'You cannot be serious', which he regularly belted out in the direction of umpires, became a trademark quote which was later used in television commercials. His antics almost pale into insignificance when compared to Kyrgios though, who reached his first Slam final at SW19 in 2022, beaten by Novak Djokovic. But he racked up extortionate fines along the way and was found guilty of spitting towards a spectator in one match before an ill-tempered clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas. But the brash Australian was defended by McEnroe, 64, during a question and answer session he hosted on social media. Asked: "Why do tennis players have such an explosive temper?" the pundit gave a dismissive response and cited Kyrgios in his explanation. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic sponsor drag Rafael Nadal into Nike row after controversial interview “You must be watching different tournaments than me because I don’t see many players having meltdowns at all," he argued. “And I know something about meltdowns, my past experience, and I’ve seen a couple of players, obviously Nick Kyrgios comes to mind having meltdowns on a pretty regular basis, but for the most part, tennis players are incredibly well behaved, maybe too well behaved in my book." And McEnroe added he wanted to see more players like the Canberra man: "I’d like to see a little bit more explosive temper see the emotions, wear it on their sleeve, there’s a handful of people you see that, but I just saw someone win Wimbledon on the girl’s side (Rybakina) who didn’t show any emotion, so I don’t know if any of us wanna see that." DON'T MISS:Bjorn Borg's Rafael Nadal anecdote sums up Spaniard's incredible attitudeNick Kyrgios leaps to Matteo Berrettini's defence and compares earnings to Jannik SinnerTennis chiefs facing crisis with 'tournaments in danger' due to Wimbledon's Russian ban McEnroe now reportedly enjoys an £87 million fortune, a figure undoubtedly dented by his own playing days. Back in 1995, he was fined nearly £13,000 for his conduct at Wimbledon. At the time, it was the tournament's highest financial sanction since he was also hit with an £8,300 penalty for verbal abuse four years previously. However, he now cuts a much calmer figure in his role as a pundit and captain of the Team World Laver Cup team. Last September, his side took the trophy for the first time, spoiling the party that surrounded Roger Federer's farewell.