A Metropolitan Police officer has been charged with domestic harassment for conduct allegedly committed while off duty. PC Joynal Ahmed, who is based in the Met’s Crime Recording Investigation Command, was charged at Thames Magistrates' Court on Monday, Jan 30.   The officer is set to appear again at Stratford Magistrates' Court on Monday, 20 March. The PC was charged on December 30, 2022, after allegations relating to behaviour while off duty were made against him in July that year. The Met’s Directorate of Professional Standards has been informed. According to the Met Police, PC Ahmed was placed on restricted duties following the accusation last year and since then was suspended from duty.   This court appearance comes as over 150 Met officers are being investigated over sexual misconduct or racism, according to the force. The Met has faced an onslaught of scandals, which has caused women to lose trust in the UK’s biggest force. The scandals include the murder of Sarah Everard by a serving police officer, Wayne Couzens, in March 2021, and more recently serving officer David Carrick who admitted to dozens of rape and sexual offences against 12 women. Carrick, who met some victims through dating websites, pleaded guilty to 49 offences spanning across two decades.    The force apologised after it was revealed over nine incidents, including rape allegations, between 2000 and 2021, had come to the attention of the Met. A senior officer said the situation was “unprecedented in policing”. Assistant Commissioner Barbara Gray, the Met's lead for professionalism, said: “We should have spotted his pattern of abusive behaviour and because we didn't, we missed opportunities to remove him from the organisation.    “We are truly sorry that being able to continue to use his role as a police officer may have prolonged the suffering of his victims. “We know they felt unable to come forward sooner because he told them they would not be believed.” His offences spanned 2003 to 2020 and most took place where he lived in Hertfordshire.  