Former England international Glen Johnson has urged Liverpool to sign Chelsea star N’Golo Kante if he opts not to pen a new deal at Stamford Bridge this season. The Reds are in desperate need of a shakeup in the centre of the park, with manager Jurgen Klopp admitting previously that it was short-sighted to invest heavily into that area of his squad. Liverpool’s midfield options are currently injury-prone, out of form and reaching the veteran stages of their careers, prompting the club to prepare for a spending spree in that department at the end of the season. Jude Bellingham, Matheus Nunes and Moises Caicedo are amongst those to be linked with a move to Anfield, though ex-Reds star Johnson has urged the club not to overlook Kante. The Chelsea playmaker has not featured since the appointment of Potter, but the club are keen to retain his services and not allow him to leave when his contract expires at the end of the season. Speaking to Betfred, Johnson explained: “If N'Golo Kanté is available on a free transfer, then that’s something you need to consider seriously. “The guy wears his heart on his sleeve and he has the energy to perform how Jürgen Klopp expects his players to perform. If Liverpool can sign him on a free then blimey, you need to put your hat in the ring.” The former Leicester City star was a stalwart alongside Jorginho under Thomas Tuchel, though his hamstring injury may have seen him fall down the pecking order at Stamford Bridge. The Blues are keen to freshen up their options in the centre of the park with young talents that are suited to Potter’s tactics, signing Enzo Fernandez and Andrey Santos over the summer. Though there is certainly room for Kante in the Chelsea changing room, with the club keen to ensure that there is a splattering of experience amongst their young squad. Chelsea are expected to rival Liverpool in their pursuits of Caicedo and Bellingham, with Real Madrid and Manchester City also keeping tabs on the latter. Contract talks with Kante are ongoing, and Liverpool will not be the only side licking their lips at the prospect of signing the 31-year-old for free. The sale of Jorginho along with stalling negotiations with Mason Mount could prompt Chelsea to prioritise keeping the midfielder at the club, with the prospect of his strengthening a potential title rival next season also a consideration.