Paris Saint-Germain are on a three-game losing streak for the first time in 12 years following their narrow defeat at home to Bayern Munich in the Champions League. The egos and ambitions of global megastars like Lionel Messi, Neymar and Kylian Mbappe are only making things more difficult for manager Christophe Galtier, particularly when results aren't going the team's way. Having scooped up eight of the last 10 available Ligue 1 titles, PSG are usually away and clear at this stage of the season. Their position at the top is precarious, however, with high-flying Marseille only five points behind and carrying renewed belief after winning the head-to-head fixture 2-1 in the Coupe de France last week. The Parisians' confidence took another knock at the weekend as they were toppled 3-1 away at Monaco, and they were hit with yet another defeat on Tuesday night. Kingsley Coman's second-half goal gave Bayern a clear advantage ahead of their Champions League Round of 16 second leg, leaving Galtier and co with a mountain to climb. A poor run of results and rumours of discontent behind the scenes may all have played their part, and Express Sport takes you through three key elements of PSG's current crisis... READ MORE: Elon Musk net worth is 7 times the royal family as Man Utd takeover eyed Neymar's dressing room spat Some players took exception to a dressing room rant by sporting director Luis Campos following defeat to Monaco at the weekend. The Portuguese supposedly told players that they lacked aggression, with Neymar and Marquinhos reportedly among those to bite back and defend their team-mates. Neymar surprised many by tackling the rumours head on before Tuesday's clash with Bayern, diverting anger away from Campos and towards whoever leaked the information. "It has happened," he told reporters. "We didn't agree with what was being said at that time, so we had a discussion about it. "In terms of blocking things like that in the dressing room, sometimes there are things that get into the press, and they can go viral very quickly. When there is information like that, we are angry. It is my sixth season here at PSG and it is difficult. Sometimes things have come out at important moments, like before a final. But I don't know what was going on." DON'T MISS...Man Utd turn to 'specialists' to assess Greenwood as interview plannedHarry Kane sent sobering Man Utd warning as Tottenham decision loomsChelsea have Joao Felix belief after devising 'summer transfer plan' Lionel Messi fears PSG are supposedly fearful that a lack of harmony behind the scenes could see seven-time Ballon d'Or winner Messi quit the club this summer. The Argentine's contract is due to expire at the end of the season, which would put him in the shop window as a free agent. Foot Mercato claim that Messi and Neymar are both seeking exits, which would sting the Ligue 1 giants, who pulled strings and paid through the nose to assemble their star-studded front three at the Parc des Princes. Messi, 35, is in scintillating form this campaign with 40 goal contributions in 36 games for club and country. Strange Kylian Mbappe move Mbappe shocked many by agreeing to stay with PSG last summer, despite persistent links with Real Madrid. As a result, Galtier appointed him as vice-captain earlier this season, much to the surprise of Presnel Kimpembe, who was previously second in line for the armband behind Marquinhos. The defender hinted that he only found out about the decision to strip him of the vice-captaincy through social media, writing on Instagram: "In the last few hours I have been able to hear and read a lot about myself. I therefore wish to make things clear in order to avoid continuing to spread false information in this regard. I was not made aware of this decision, this is completely false… That said, I will always respect the decisions of the club."