Kate Middleton's sister Pippa, 39, currently lives in Berkshire with her husband James Matthews, 47. James' family own the Glen Affric estate in the Scottish Highlands and one day it will be passed down to him.  Pippa's father-in-law David Matthews bought the grounds in 2018 along with the main house, Affric Lodge, set within 10,000 acres on a peninsula on a loch of the same name. The surroundings are very beautiful, however, it's not known exactly how much David bought it for. But it costs £11,800 for a three-night stay for up to eight people, or £17,800 for a group of 16 guests. Inside, the main lodge has a total of eight bedrooms, as well as a whisky room, a sitting room, a dining room and various reading rooms, decorated with paintings of Highland landscapes by 19th-century artist Sir Edwin Landseer. READ MORE: Kate and William’s closest royal friends is another couple  The late Queen's grandmother Mary previously stayed at the hunting lodge during the 19th century, while David Beckham also filmed an advert for his Haig Club whiskey there in 2014. James' brother and Made In Chelsea star Spencer Matthews even married his now-wife Vogue Williams at the estate in June 2018. Pippa's father-in-law David has held the title, the Laird of Glen Affric, since purchasing the property, and it will be inherited by James upon his father's death. This means that Pippa, who currently holds no title, will become known as the Lady Glen Affric.  Pippa's brother, James Middleton, also acts as a host at the estate. Speaking to Eden Being, he described a day in his life at Glen Affric. He said: "My ideal day at Glen Affric starts with a morning swim in the Loch. The Estate can provide wet suits for cold mornings! "Then, a hearty breakfast cooked by the wonderful resident chef, James Lowe. "After breakfast, a group activity like clay pigeon shooting is always a hit – even if it can get competitive at times! For lunch, the Estate boat can escort guests to the private fishing bothy at the far end of the Loch for a delicious picnic. READ MORE: Zara Tindall exercises for 'eight hours a day' for perfect weight loss  "Then, we return to the Lodge on foot, taking in the wonderful natural surroundings. "Back at the Lodge, there’s the option of sailing, paddle boarding or canoeing on the Loch if guests are up to it. "Then, after a freshen up, the evening starts with either a local whisky or gin tasting session – followed by a wonderful dinner prepared by Chef James and served in the elegant dining room or the Argentinian Grill room. After dinner, the lights go down and the music goes up!"  James and Pippa's current home is about a 20-minute drive from Michael and Carole Middleton’s home in Bucklebury.  Pippa’s brother, James, also bought a farmhouse in the county for £1.45million with his French wife, Alizee, last year. Meanwhile, Prince William and Kate, who have three children, Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, have moved to Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor royal estate.  The Georgian mansion that Pippa and her Eton-educated husband have bought underwent a multi-million-pound restoration by its previous owner. It was not known that it was on the market and the sale is said to have been carried out privately. The property reportedly has around 30 rooms, plus plenty of outdoor space for children to play with their royal cousins. This includes around 150 acres of grounds that lead down to an impressive river. Pippa and the family will be able to grow produce in the huge walled garden and greenhouses. 