Moises Caicedo’s agent has spoken out about his failed move away from Brighton last month, with the player now back in first-team training. Arsenal and Chelsea both tabled offers for the midfielder late in the window, though neither prompted their Premier League rivals to enter negotiations. Caicedo was one of the most sought-after stars in the January transfer window following his exceptional start to the campaign with Brighton. The Ecuador international has played a key role in the Seagulls’ success this season that has put them on course for a European finish - which will be the first in their history. Therefore, Caicedo was deemed ‘not for sale’ as his departure would be seen as decreasing their chances of finishing in the top six. League leaders Arsenal were keen to test the resolve of Roberto De Zerbi’s side though with two easily-ignorable bids, which promptly turned the head of Caicedo. The 21-year-old took to social media to ask Brighton to sell him and thanked them for their role in his career progression, though it fell on deaf ears and he has remained at the club for the remainder of the season. But that is much to the disappointment of Caicedo’s agent Manuel Sierra, who has broken his silence on the matter. He told Marca90Ec: “The offers were received, you see what is on the table and Moisés [Caicedo] says that he wants to go forward, that it is the dream of his whole life. That it is an opportunity that may not be repeated in life “And we helped draft the statement. In that statement, he expresses his wish and his gratitude to the club because they gave him the chance to fulfil his dream of playing in the Premier League. We don’t know what can happen tomorrow, maybe he trains and gets injured. We can’t know what’s going to happen.” Sierra, from Futbol Division, became Caicedo’s agent on the 23rd of January and it quickly became his mission to help his newly-acquired client make the move to a traditional ‘Big Six’ side. However, the agent, who is internally believed at Brighton to have been a key factor in Caicedo’s sudden desire to leave, has been left hoping that Arsenal and Chelsea do not cool their interest as a result of Brighton’s reluctance to sell last month. The Seagulls are anticipating further interest in the former Independiente del Valle star in the summer and are more open to his sale then, when the market is less inflated and there is more notice to find a replacement.