Rishi Sunak looks set to push through his secretive deal with the EU over Northern Ireland without a vote in the Commons. The move could enrage Brexiteers, furious at what they would see as thwarting Parliament and the will of the British people. Speaking with Sophy Ridge on Sky News this morning, deputy prime minister Dominic Raab said "inevitably" Parliament will get to "express its view" but stopped short of committing to a vote. A vote on the deal could potentially humiliate Mr Sunak after hardline Brexiteers warned that up to 100 Tory MPs could oppose the new post-Brexit trading arrangements. Mr Raab said there has been "real progress" on a Brexit deal and "hopefully there will be good news in a matter of days". The Prime Minister does not have to offer MPs a vote on the deal and has carefully avoided committing to one. Ms Ridge later tweeted: "I've spoken to Dominic Raab & Tom Tugendhat this week, and I have definitely not been left with the impression that there will be a vote on any new Brexit deal... " JUST IN: UK fishermen blast EU trawlers for 'bullying our boats' out of waters  This comes after Mr Tugendhat refused to confirm whether there will be a vote on any Brexit deal, only saying: "It's very clear that Parliament is having it's voice heard." On the weekend, Mr Sunak is understood to have attempted to convince prominent pro-Brexit MPs on his deal with Brussels. However, speaking after Mr Raab's interview, Mark Francois, chairman of the pro-Brexit European Research Group (ERG), said not holding a vote would be "incredibly unwise". He warned that trying to "bounce Parliament" could end "badly" for the Government. Should Parliament have the final say on Rishi Sunak's new deal with the EU? Join the debate in the comments section below  The Brexiteer MP said the Government should not "bludgeon" a Northern Ireland protocol deal through the Commons without a vote. The ERG chairman insisted any meaningful changes to the protocol would require a bill. He said: "That's going to mean at some point you're going to have to have a vote." Mr Francois added the Prime Minister's position is "precarious" after a slump in polling. DON'T MISS: China fires space lasers, US deploys troops, says JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT]If we appease Putin's madness this thing becomes a World War [COMMENT]Public back Queen Camilla in fury over woke attempts to rewrite Dahl [POLL] Mr Francois said that the ERG would not support the deal if the DUP rejects it. He explained: "If the DUP doesn't consent to the deal it won't fly." The MP added that Brexiteers will not accept any deal "that means EU law is still superior to UK law in Northern Ireland". He also criticised the Government for refusing to disclose any of the text in the deal yet, saying: "We don't know what is in the deal, we haven't seen the text." 