Manchester United star Luke Shaw has opened up on a joke the players make about Casemiro at Carrington ahead of Thursday night’s Europa League clash with Barcelona. The Red Devils enter that match on a high after a 2-0 victory over Leeds last time out. However, facing Xavi’s high-flying side certainly won’t be straightforward… Manchester United signed Casemiro from Real Madrid back in the summer, landing the midfielder after missing out on Frenkie de Jong. And the Brazil international has made a big impact at the club in the time since, establishing himself as one of the first players on Erik ten Hag’s team sheet. Casemiro will return for United against Barcelona after missing the weekend’s win over Leeds through suspension. And Shaw, speaking ahead of the game, has now revealed a joke players make about the 30-year-old and his ability to win the ball back over at Carrington. "I think it's been quite obvious to see how important he is to the team when he's not been playing,” said the England international. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford "For us as defenders, he gives us that feeling that we know there's a lot of security, especially because of his positioning, where he always is. "He loves to win the ball back and tackle. We always say to him that he likes to give the ball away so he can go and win it back! "I think he's an extremely important player for us and I'm very happy to have him back tomorrow night because, like I said, he's been a big miss for us." Shaw’s own form has been impressive for United this season. The writing seemed to be on the wall for the former Southampton star at the beginning of the campaign as he toiled against Brighton and Brentford. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Tyrell Malacia came into the team for a spell in the immediate aftermath of those two disappointing defeats. And Shaw has opened up on his transformation, admitting everyone has improved since their awful August. "I think obviously not just myself but I think the team in the first two games was nowhere near where we should have been at,” he said. "It was obviously a very difficult start but I think we've learned from that and we've grown as a team, not just as individuals, but as a team. "I think now collectively it's showing in our performances and where we're going. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Of course, it helps with the manager, he's been really good and has shown a lot of trust in me. “My main thing now is to repay that trust with good performances and to help the team as much as possible." Ten Hag, meanwhile, has hailed Barcelona for their improvement under Xavi. “As a player, I admired him,” the Dutchman told UEFA. “That Barcelona team when he played, he was an important part of it, and you can see that philosophy he brings to Barcelona now. “I really like his team, the way of attacking, the attacking way of play. He’s doing really well, and I think he’s in the right direction. “It’s going to be a really good challenge between Manchester United and Barcelona.” And Xavi returned the compliment, with the Barcelona boss saying: “Manchester United, in my opinion, is a big club in Europe. “Of course, they are not in the best moment of their history, but they are Manchester United so we respect them a lot. We respect Ten Hag and all the players. “They are now in a very good moment, they are positive, they have had good results in the last [few] weeks so it's very difficult. “Even though we are in the Europa League, we respect them a lot. It will be really tough and really difficult to beat them.”