The cost of living crisis is continuing to make life difficult for many, especially those on low incomes. Millions of people who depend on benefits like Universal Credit, Personal Independence Payment (PIP) and Pension Credit, either because they are looking for work or to top up their incomes, are due a pay rise in April 2023. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has confirmed the new payment rates for all benefits from April 2023. It's not just Universal Credit claimants who will get a pay rise, this uplift in benefit payments in 2023 will also affect people who claim Carer’s Allowance, Income Support, Housing Benefit and Jobseeker’s Allowance. All DWP benefits will be uprated in line with last September's inflation figure of 10.1 percent. Meanwhile, Britons are being urged to do a benefits check as millions of people are still missing out on £15billion in unclaimed benefits every year. People can quickly check online by popping details into benefits calculator on Turn2Us, Entitled2 or GOV.UK. READ MORE: NatWest and Nationwide to close 19 branches in February - full list How much Universal Credit someone receives depends on individual circumstances, but it's made up of the standard allowance plus any additional amounts which a person may qualify for. The standard allowance rates are increasing to: DON'T MISS:Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment this year [UPDATE]Santander announces interest rate rise on savings accounts [ALERT]Yorkshire Building Society offers market-leading rate on savings [UPDATE] Both the daily living component and the mobility component are due to rise:   People can check whether they are entitled to Pension Credit by using the calculator on GOV.UK.  Meanwhile, state pensioners with one of 56 health conditions including asthma could get £400 a month as figures show 3.4 million people are still missing out. Attendance Allowance may be claimed by pensioners over the state pension age of 66 who are physically or mentally disabled.  