Manchester United were hit with a triple dose of bad injury news leading up to their clash with Leeds on Wednesday. It's not all doom and gloom for the Red Devils, however, as Erik ten Hag could fill the vacancies with players in need of a big performance, providing them with a big stage on which to endear themselves to fans. While addressing the media on Tuesday, Ten Hag confirmed that neither Scott McTominay nor Anthony Martial had made it back to match fitness in time to face the Whites. Antony is also set to miss the high-stakes showdown, with no love lost between the two sets of fans. The Brazilian has laid claim to the right-wing starting spot since completing an £84million move from Ajax in the summer, despite dividing opinion with his flamboyant but sometimes ineffective style of play. His absence on the right wing could see Ten Hag revert to a safe option by playing Bruno Fernandes out wide, but the Dutchman could also gamble, with both Jadon Sancho and Facundo Pellistri eager to bank first-team minutes. DON'T MISS: Leeds sack Jesse Marsch as internal boardroom tension grows Late last year, Sancho was sent away from the squad on a mission to regain fitness and sharpness. The England international winger has disappointed since completing a £73m switch from Borussia Dortmund in 2021, with Ten Hag taking drastic measures to try and draw out his best form. The 22-year-old made his return against Nottingham Forest in the Carabao Cup last week, coming off the bench to a rapturous reception. He was an unused substitute against Crystal Palace at the weekend, but Antony's injury significantly increases Sancho's chances of being given a chance to show the new version of himself against Leeds. READ MORE...Arsenal target Milinkovic-Savic 'makes irreversible transfer decision'Man City issue defiant statement as allegations rock Guardiola's sideMan Utd fans fume as new footage shows Fred being 'choked' vs Palace If Ten Hag opts against throwing the youngster in at the deep-end at this early stage of his comeback, he could gamble with another viable option hiding in plain sight, as many United fans wait patiently to see fellow winger Facundo Pellistri given more game time. The Uruguay international spent two seasons on the books at Old Trafford before making his senior debut earlier this season, and he has impressed when called upon in cup competitions. Supporters are keen to see what Pellistri can do when given a vote of confidence, having already notched an assist in the Carabao Cup while feeding off minimal minutes.  It remains to be seen whether Ten Hag is enticed by either of the two higher-risk options on the right flank, or whether he plays the experienced head of Fernandes instead. The Dutchman is likely to be forced into a midfield gamble, however, with Christian Eriksen and Scott McTominay injuries adding to the shortage caused by Casemiro's suspension. A first start could therefore be handed to January signing Marcel Sabitzer. Snapped up on loan from Bayern Munich, the 28-year-old only started seven Bundesliga games this term before heading to Old Trafford, and although his CV is impressive, throwing him in amongst a hostile atmosphere could go one of two ways. Still, the circumstances give Ten Hag little choice but to see what the Austrian is made of, while Sancho or Pellistri may also be subject to a similar acid test.