The travel experts at Panache Cruises, a luxury cruise specialist, have found the world’s best destinations for wine. While a few are further afield, some of the world’s best wines can be found in Europe. READ MORE: Tourist fined £439 for breaking rules in Italy The Alentejo region of Portugal came out on top and is a must-visit for any wannabe sommeliers in the UK. A Panache Cruises spokesperson said: “As the key centre of Portugal’s wine revival over the past 10 years, Alentejo is well known amongst wine lovers. “Wine from the region is typically made from Tempranillo, a black grape widely used to make full-bodied red wines. “Antao Vaz is the white grape of choice in the area to produce a good level of acidity and tropical fruit flavours. “The capital of Alentejo is Evora which is the home of the prestigious Cartuxa Winery, producer of the famous Pera-Manca wine.” Tourists could wash down a glass of local wine with a hunk of Alentejano bread with olive oil and sheep’s milk cheese. Tuscany was the world’s second best rated wine region and is commonly known as Italy’s top spot for a tipple. The spokesperson said: “Located in the central part of Italy, the region of Tuscany offers vine-covered hills, medieval architecture and master artworks. READ MORE: Cruise guest explains reason passengers had to be ‘flown home’ early “Some of Italy’s most prestigious wines such as Brunello di Montalcino, Chianti and Vino Nobile di Montepulciano come from the region.” Spain’s northern region is where tourists will be able to find the country’s “biggest and best wine destination”. La Rioja is perfect for fans of red wine as 90 percent of the wines produced in the region are red. Australia’s Hunter Valley took the fourth spot and is famous for its mix of traditional and modern wines. James Cole, founder and managing director of Panache Cruises, said: “Since the lifting of pandemic restrictions, there has been an uplift in travel bookings for those looking to enjoy the finer things in life, including a glass of their favourite tipple. “This has led to a boom in wine tourism, with vineyards around the world seeing an increase in visitors. “Following years of lockdowns and restraints, escaping the routine of everyday life and travelling to explore passions has been on the top of many Britons’ agendas. “Many of the top locations can be accessed by sea, and Panache has an extensive portfolio of bespoke tours to many of the world’s finest vineyards.”