A new study has revealed more than half of wealthy Britons have not spoken to loved ones about inheritance plans. Experts are warning that it’s far better to have difficult conversations about finances and estate planning while you’re alive, to make sure people's wishes are passed on and measures are put into place to ensure they pay as little inheritance tax as possible to HMRC.  A survey by Brown Shipley, a Quintet Private Bank, found 54 percent of respondents said they had not spoken to loved ones about plans to pass on wealth. More than two-fifths (42 percent) had not yet made a will, though 17 percent were planning to do so in 2023. The report indicated that large numbers of wealthy people are now consulting wealth management professionals, with almost a third (32 percent) saying they had reviewed their plans to make sure money was passed on in a tax-efficient way. The current tax-free inheritance allowance is £325,000, while a £175,000 nil-rate band applies to homes passed to children or grandchildren. However, gifts made in the last seven years of someone’s life are exempt. READ MORE: British Gas customers paying £500m more for opting out of direct debit    Rebecca Williams, Head of Wealth Planning at Brown Shipley, a Quintet Private Bank, said: “Speaking to loved ones about estate planning and your will can be uncomfortable, but it can help provide clarity and prove beneficial to long-term family dynamics. “Those wealthy individuals who put off making a will may find their wealth isn’t passed on in the way they wish, or that their loved ones might have expected. "There are decisions that individuals can make now that can have a positive impact on how loved ones will benefit – in the near term and over time. “It’s encouraging that many people are taking action to pass their wealth on efficiently, and also consulting a professional adviser to do so. This can help ensure wider plans and timing for passing on wealth are taken in account, while also ensuring that the most tax-efficient structures are in place.”   Another study by Quilter found that more than half (57 percent) of people don't have a will in place, leaving family finances open to challenge when they pass away. It could also mean they are not making use of legal loopholes, resulting in loved ones having to pay more inheritance tax to HMRC. Rachael Griffin, tax and financial planning expert at Quilter, said people need to start talking more openly about what they want to happen with their estates. She said: “Inheritance is a highly emotive topic for a family to discuss, but many are simply hoping for the best and ignoring what is clearly an important subject."  Inheritance or estate tax is a tax paid by a person who inherits money or property or a levy on the estate of a person who has died. Inheritance tax is on course to hit another record high this year as experts predict receipts could be 13.7 percent higher than in 2021 to 2022. Alex Davies CEO of Wealth Club said it's no longer just the rich who have to worry about inheritance tax. However, planning ahead could also help loved ones pay less inheritance tax - there are 10 legal loopholes allowing people to pay less to HMRC.   10 legal ways to pay less inheritance tax: 