A missing aristocrat and her convicted rapist boyfriend who have been missing for six weeks are running out of money as police release new CCTV footage. Police have been looking for the pair for over six weeks after their burning car was found in the middle of a motorway. The woman, Constance Marten, is understood to have given birth a day or two before the incident. Officers are still "committed" to finding the family because of their concern about whether the baby is alive and if so whether it is struggling with health issues. Ms Marten, 35, and Brummie Mark Gordon, 48, disappeared after their car was found in flames on the M61 in Bolton, Greater Manchester, on January 5. Police have offered a £10,000 reward to anyone who provides information which leads to them being found. As part of their appeal, officers recently released two fresh clips showing them in locations on January 8, three days after their car was found. They have suggested the large amount of cash they own "will be coming to an end." In the first clip, taken from a petrol station forecourt on Avis Road, Newhaven, they can be seen carrying lots of bags at 5.18am. The two stopped for a chat before they head further down the road. Constance, of the elite Marten family, is the granddaughter of the late Queen Mother's goddaughter Mary Anna Marten OBE. The Marten's giant estate has been described in the past as "one of Dorset's grandest Georgian houses". Since the start of the search, police have said they think the couple, who were previously seen buying a blue two-person tent, sleeping bags and pillows at Argos, could be camping and sleeping rough anywhere around the UK.  In a new police appeal, Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford said: "We know... they had a large amount of cash available to them. And we still believe that they will have cash available to them, as of today. "But we also know that with a newborn baby comes the requirement for the items that they require, and also, just day-to-day living for both Constance and Mark. We know they're coming to a position where that cash will be coming to an end." According to Mr Basford, the police had looked through over 660 hours of CCTV footage as part of its search. He confirmed police had received over 350 calls from the public after a previous appeal. "We have a genuine concern for the health and wellbeing of the baby, and Constance and Mark, and it is our duty to ensure that they are okay," he added. Over the course of the search, the family have been spotted in many different locations. Police believe they went to Liverpool after the fire and then went to Harwich in Essex using a taxi in the early hours of January 6. On Saturday 7 January, they were found leaving an Argos in east London after buying the camping equipment. They spent a few hours on Whitechapel Road before walking along Brick Lane. They then dumped several items, such as a pushchair and got in a taxi to Haringey in North London. In another taxi, they then went to East Sussex the next day.