Royal Family members are "spitting feathers" after the Duke of Sussex shared details of private conversations in his best-selling book titled Spare, a source has claimed. The reported anger comes as Meghan and Harry levelled a series of allegations and criticism at the Firm, its members and how the Palace works within a six-week period. A source told the Daily Mail: "Harry revealed details of private conversations so everyone is on edge. "You ask about the Sussexes and everyone immediately changes the subject. They are spitting feathers but not minded to provide any fuel for the fire." The Prince and Princess of Wales and the King and Queen Consort were the main targets of the six-part Netflix docu-series titled Harry and Meghan, the Duke of Sussex's book Spare and the interviews that helped launch its release. In the 416-page memoir, Harry provided examples of Kate's lukewarm at best relationship with the Duchess of Sussex. Kate and Prince William were also accused of helping in the decision the Duke took to wear a Nazi uniform at a fancy dress party in 2005. The decision to dig up something that happened almost two decades ago left Prince William "completely gobsmacked", a different source, who spoke to the Daily Beast, has claimed. The Prince of Wales was also accused in Spare of physically attacking his younger brother after a discussion focused on Meghan escalated in early 2019. Camilla, on the other hand, was described by Harry as "dangerous" for her need to rehabilitate her image in the early 2000s. While King Charles was described as supportive to his younger son at times in Spare, Harry nevertheless said he was guilty of having had a person in his staff briefing the media against other royals - and particularly the Sussexes - to improve his image. READ MORE: Prince Andrew has 'no royal future' no matter what path he chooses Among the private conversations reported in Spare, Harry penned the meeting he held in Frogmore Gardens with his father and brother following the funeral of Prince Philip in April 2021. As the conversation between the brothers got heated, Harry claimed their father begged his "boys" not to make his final years "a misery". Neither Kensington Palace nor Buckingham Palace commented on the claims raised in recent weeks by the Sussexes. Prince Harry and Meghan are not believed to have had many contacts with the royals over the past few months. They were last in the UK in September, and left the country to return to California the day after the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II took place. They could now return to Britain in less than three months, as they are "on the list" of guests set to be invited to attend King Charles's Coronation. A Whitehall source told Express.co.uk: "They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama". Officials organising the historic event are also keen on reducing the chance of the Duke of Sussex and his elder brother being seen in public together. To this end, seating arrangements are being made in Westminster Abbey to avoid the brothers being pictured together. At the June service of thanksgiving for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee at St Paul's Cathedral, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, metres away from the now Prince and Princess of Wales.