Attendance Allowance is one of the benefit payments administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This extra financial support is available to those who are of state pension age and long-term disabilities or health conditions. The most an Attendance Allowance recipient can get from these payments is around £370 monthly. On its website, the DWP shares how state pensioners would be eligible for Attendance Allowance. The Government department highlights that someone is entitled to the benefit if they “have a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both”. Furthermore, claimants must have required help for at least six months to be eligible for Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance The exact amount a person gets from Attendance Allowance is dependent on the “severity” of their condition, according to the DWP. Due to this, the disability payment is paid at two different rates, one higher and the other lower, which are handed out depending on the DWP’s criteria. State pension claimants will be able to get an extra £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. Claimants who are suffering from a severe health condition or illness are likely to get up to £369.60 monthly from Attendance Allowance. If someone’s health condition or illness changes dramatically, Attendance Allowance recipients have a responsibility to inform the DWP as this could affect how much they get. Age UK provides a breakdown of how Attendance Allowance is awarded to state pensioners who are interested in getting the payment on its website. The charity stated: “The amount you get is based on the help you need, not any help you do or don't actually get. “There are two different amounts, depending on how much help you need. Any money you do receive doesn't need to be spent on your care. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “The money you receive isn't means-tested - so your savings or income won't affect your claim. “Claiming also won't affect any other benefits you receive. In fact, it can actually help you get other benefits such as Pension Credit, Housing Benefit, or Council Tax Reduction. All payments will be sent directly into the claimant’s bank or building society account; whichever they get their state pension delivered into. Any extra money received from Attendance Allowance does not cover a state pensioner’s mobility costs. Applicants can start the process for claiming Attendance Allowance by calling the DWP helpline on 0800 731 0122. If people prefer to apply online, they can download a claim form for the payment on the GOV.UK website. Older people who are looking for extra assistance with their application can reach out to Age UK for support. Future claimants will be able to contact the charity through its free advice line at 0800 678 1602. Claimants can find out more information on Attendance Allowance by visiting the Government’s website.