Camilla seemingly poked fun at her age as she was introduced to a member of staff at Book Aid International. The Queen Consort visited the organisation - which provides more than a million new books each year to thousands of communities around the world including refugee camps, hospitals and remote schools - as part of her long-standing commitment to increase and improve literacy. During the tour of the facility, the Queen Consort got to meet staff and volunteers preparing books to be dispatched around the world. As she shook the hand of one of those working at the organisation, the 75-year-old joked about people getting "younger and younger". Walking among piles of books destined for young readers, King Charles's wife agreed with one of her hosts about how happiness can be seen on children's faces when they receive something to read as a present. Camilla, who became patron of Book Aid last year, has often spoken about her love for reading and how it stemmed from her childhood when her father Major Bruce Shand would read her and her siblings' stories. In December 2021, she opened up on her favourite book as a young girl, mentioning Baroness Orczy's The Scarlet Pimpernel and Black Beauty by Anna Sewell. The latter, Camilla confessed, likely contributed to her love for horses. She said: "I thought of very little else apart from horses and ponies and charging about on them, so I think Black Beauty was the first book that stuck in my mind. "I can see it now – there was Ginger. Every time I think about poor old Ginger with his head hanging out of the cart with his tongue hanging it makes me cry now, and I think that was possibly one of my favourites." READ MORE: Prince Harry blasted as Duke 'snubbed' Prince William's 'kind gesture' During her visit to Book Aid International, Camilla also rolled up her sleeves and stamped books to be dispatched to Kigali Public Library, in Rwanda. The then Duchess of Cornwall visited the library in Rwanda last summer, while she was undertaking with Charles a trip to the nation for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting. At the library, she met school pupils who taught her how to say hello and thank you in sign language and spoke about their favourite books. Today, Camilla also signed a letter accompanying the books being donated to the library, which read: "To you all at the Kigali Public Library, this comes with my warmest wishes to everyone at Kigali Public Library, whom I so enjoyed meeting last year!" Camilla inherited the patronage of Book Aid from her late father-in-law, Prince Philip, a fellow book lover. Following her visit to Book Aid International, Camilla joined staff, volunteers and young readers to mark the 50th anniversary since the creation of national reading charity Coram Beanstalk, of which she is patron. The royal is patron of a few more literacy organisations including Book Trust and First Story. She has also been very involved in the past in The Queen's Commonwealth Essay Competition as Vice-Patron of the Royal Commonwealth Society.