Sarah Ferguson has shared an exciting annoucement ahead of the publishing of her new novel, A Most Intriguing Lady, on March 7. This comes as the Duchess of York confirmed she would be travelling to New York for an appearance the day before the publication, where according to the press release she will be "talking about her relationship with the Queen and answer a few questions about Harry and Meghan". The Duchess posted a photograph on her Instagram account on Monday showing her holding up a copy of the book One Night In Hartswood by Emma Denny. She captioned the post: "Dear Readers, after the resounding success of last year’s Duchess of York Historical Book Club, I am beyond delighted to be bringing you a brand-new series for 2023! "Featured in this year’s series are a range of authors whose historical romance novels are breaking new ground in the genre, be it through unconventional storytelling, representing marginalised voices in compelling and nuanced ways, or telling compelling tales of love against the odds. "From Emma Denny's extraordinary medieval queer romance of two men choosing between duty and love; to Vanessa Riley’s astonishing epic saga of the first Queen of Haiti, who was exiled to Europe after the death of Henry I and spent her life forging a new path for herself, her children and her country: there is a romance for every reader here. The Duchess is the author of several books for adults and children and has produced films and TV programmes, reported Hello! magazine. She has also been confirmed to appear at 92nd Street Y, a global cultural centre in New York on March 6, on the promotional trial for her new book. READ MORE: William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source As well as Harry and Meghan, Sarah will share details of her relationship with the late Queen, who she praised as being her "greatest mentor". She told the Tea with Twiggy podcast in 2021: "I absolutely admire the incredible way Her Majesty is so modern ... and how flexible, and how understanding, and how forgiving and how generous. "I think to myself that honestly, my mother-in-law has been more of a mother to me than my mother. [She’s] never faltered. "I absolutely think there is no greater mentor. The consistency of Her Majesty has been a great honour. A huge honour. Makes me want to cry." DON'T MISS:Camilla forced to pull out of visit due to 'seasonal illness' – Palace [LATEST]Harry and Meghan risk turning Coronation into 'Netflix series' [SPOTLIGHT]Royal Family 'spitting feathers' over Harry's memoir claims – source [REVEAL] The Duchess was married to Prince Andrew from 1986 until 1996, with their two daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie arriving in 1988 and 1990 respectively. Her youngest daughter Eugenie recently announced she was expecting her second child this summer, a younger sibling to her two-year-old son August.  Beatrice gave birth to her own daughter Sienna in September 2021.