Love Island's Tanyel Revan was booted out of the villa before the girls headed to Casa Amor. The twist will see the couples' relationships put to the test but Tanyel hinted her friendship with Olivia Hawkins was also tested after she fell for Kai Fagan. Tanyel, 26, was the latest reality star to leave the show and appeared on TV spin-off Aftersun where she "fessed up" to the fallout. Viewers watched as during her time on the show Tanyel grew close to Kai Fagan before he moved onto her pal Olivia, which could have been a red flag for the girls' friendship. Speaking to new host Maya Jama, Tanyel said she decided to avoid any drama but has since changed her mind. Tanyel told Aftersun host Maya: “I wasn't going to be selfish, I just thought I'd rather you be happy. She was a good friend to me at the time, so I thought, do your thing.”  Dismissing suggestions there was tension after the Kai swap, she added: “I was truly happy for her. I felt like I was really selfless in the situation. “I wanted her to be happy. She's never had a relationship before. I just wanted her to be happy.” Tanyel insisted she couldn’t see any connection with Kai so there was no issue with her friend coupling up with him. She added: “I was completely fine with him, friendly. There were more problems on her side of things that I didn't even know about. It was more things I was hearing about at the time.” But new host Maya picked up on Tanyel’s phrase "at the time", and pushed the ex-islander to dish the dirt and questioned if the two were still friends. The hair stylist admitted: “We don't know yet. I need to see it for myself, but I've heard a few things.” Tanyel became the latest contestant to get the boot from the ITV2 dating show after Jordan Odofin chose to recouple with Ellie Spence. She was left single during the recoupling, meaning she was packing her bags and heading home from the South African villa during Thursday night's episode (February 9).  Meanwhile last night’s Casa Amor twist saw new fledgling islanders swoop into the nest, which could ruffle feathers with existing love birds. A professional boxer, social worker, finance student and a beauty buyer who lives in Dubai also make up this year’s cast. The typical TV show twist sees the girls head off to a brand new villa where they spend three days with six new boys, while six new girls get to know the remaining men back at basecamp.  One fan posted: “Girls, shush keep it quiet it’s time for you to sneak out of the Villa as you are off on a girly getaway, grab any essentials and please leave the Villa immediately #MakeABreakForIt #CasaAmor.” When Shaq later walked into the girls' empty dressing rooms, he asked: “Where are the girls?” Running back upstairs to the boys he says: “No, no, no! Boys…the girls are gone.” Fans were left fuming when the show failed to show more action at Casa Amor last night after it was announced to be starting. Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub.