Power cuts on the National Grid have left thousands of homes across 16 UK regions without electricity. According to poweroutage, more than 5,000 homes are affected by the electricity issue — including 3,820 properties in Nottinghamshire and 1,026 in Cornwall. In addition, properties are also reported to have been affected in Devon, Leicestershire, Lincolnshire, Neath Port Talbot, Pembrokeshire, Somerset, South Gloucestershire, and the West Midlands. A spokesperson for the National Grid told Express.co.uk that the majority of affected properties in Nottinghamshire have already had their power restored, thanks to automated recovery  systems. Elsewhere, she added, “engineers are working to restore supplies. We apologise for the inconvenience caused.” The outages have no one single cause, the National Grid noted, but stem from various minor issues including faults with overhead electricity cables and underground power lines. The Western Power Distribution network, they noted, covers a whopping 8 million homes, and a small number of outages at any given time is not unusual. The Met Office has some helpful advice on how to prepare for — and handle — a power cut. It is wise, they said, to keep a supply of torches and batteries to hand in the event of an emergency, and to ensure that you keep your mobile phone charged so that you can still make calls, in an emergency situation, should the power supply fail. The Met Office added: “If electricity is crucial for any medical equipment you have, please contact your distribution network operator […] as they may be able to put you on their priority register for assistance during any power outage.” In the event that a blackout strikes, they continued, it is best to keep fridges and freezers closed — as so they remain cold — look out for any senior or vulnerable neighbours, and switch off appliances like irons, ovens, electric fires, etc. so that they don’t pose a potential hazard when the power is restored. READ MORE: Octopus Energy unveils heat pump that 'costs the same as boiler' The National Grid also encourages the public to avoid using candles and paraffin lamps in the event of a power cut, as both “can be dangerous”. It is wise, they recommend, to “Protect all sensitive and valuable electrical equipment with a surge protector. “A surge protector guards against damage caused by sudden electrical surges that can happen during a power cut.” In the event of planned power cuts, owners of mains-powered chair lifts are advised to avoid using such for 30 minutes before the scheduled outage, to avoid the risk of being caught. The National Grid adds: “If you have a mains-operated chair lift, check to see if there is a manual release handle. “You can use this to return safely to ground level if the power cuts out.” DON'T MISS:Woman finds largest dinosaur footprint ever discovered in Yorkshire [REPORT]Thousands face energy misery as forced meter installs to return [INSIGHT]Energy lifeline with plan to turn nuclear weapons into power [ANALYSIS] Another power cut struck some 13,000 homes across Kent at the end of the weekend. Smaller scale power failures were also reported the next morning across Greater London (affecting 73 properties) and central Bedfordshire (44). On Twitter, UK Power Networks said that: “The cause was a fault on our underground cabling.” Engineers, they added “managed to divert power around the faulty section of the network in order to restore supplies as quickly as possible.” 