Prince Harry was accused of ignoring his brother's "kind gesture" towards Meghan Markle in a newly resurfaced clip of the Sussexes' return to England last year. The Duke of Sussex's relationship with Prince William has been somewhat frosty since before Harry and Meghan announced their decision to step down from royal duties. Prince Harry has faced criticism for a series of claims he made against his brother, with the clip of the brothers' reunion following the late Queen's death sparking further disapproval for the Duke. In the clip, Prince William can be seen introducing his sister-in-law to an unknown aide as she joined him, the Duke of Sussex and Kate, the Princess of Wales in greeting mourners outside Windsor Castle. The Prince of Wales and Prince Harry are seen greeting the aide after stepping down from a car, Kate joining them within seconds and shaking hands with the man. As Meghan was delayed in joining the group, William is seen gesturing to Meghan Markle as he introduces her to the aide while she approaches. TikTokers branded the move as a "kind gesture" and hit out at Prince Harry for failing to point out how Prince William attempted to make the Duchess not feel left out in her first royal engagement in over two years. JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: King faces chaos as 'out of control' Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' User lauriedavis82 commented: "Doesn't fit the narrative for him to mention that, or anything positive among the many things that were done to include and welcome her." Elainelee43 added: "Of course nothing good or kind was mentioned about William and Kate, or any of the Royal Family. Harry and Meghan just trashed everybody." User Su noted the Prince of Wales "is a gentleman and has impeccable manners" in ensuring Meghan Markle was included in the introductions. But other users hit back at suggestions that William's gesture could be considered more than a formality from the future king. READ MORE: Harry 'can't be trusted' says Queen's ex-aide as pressure mounts over Coronation invite  Katie Hickok said: "A basic introduction isn't a king gesture, it's the bare minimum." And Derek Walsh commented: "I mean, it's literally a gesture. Not sure what's kind about it but I can't see how it would be worth putting in a book." User Ratatata added: "Manners. Not a king gesture, it's obligatory for him to use good manners in front of a crowd." In his memoir Spare, the Duke of Sussex claimed his brother had called Meghan Markle "rude and difficult" before allegedly grabbing him by the collar and knocking him to the floor. Prince Harry wrote: "He set down the water, called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. "I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." The explosive allegations Harry made in the memoir have sparked considerable pushback against the Sussexes and resulted in a collapse of their popularity in both the US and the UK. Royal commentator Victoria Arbiter said: "I think Harry with his book in particular was very keen to get his side of the story across, so mission accomplished in that regard. "He doesn't hold anything back, as anyone who has read the book knows. He's very willing to share every facet of his life. "In that regard, I think yes, he has achieved his objective but I don't think the book was received quite how he was hoping."