Add to that a series of baffling decisions and an utter inability to subsequently justify them, and she had alienated herself from vast swathes of the people she was paid to work for and lead as First Minister. Apparently as arrogant as she was ambitious, here was a leader who sought little counsel and always knew best – and then was forced to realise her time was up. Sturgeon’s fate was sealed by two recent crises, both of which were totally self-inflicted and typical of the way she had governed during her eight years in power. The first was when she lost a case in the Supreme Court that would have allowed her to conduct another independence referendum without government approval. Most legal experts gave her little hope, so there was no surprise when she lost. But her next move only served to pit her against many of her supporters. She declared the next general election would be a de-facto referendum, ignoring those who said that expecting to land over 50 percent of the vote was a bridge too far. That was followed by her bizarre entanglement in the row over the self-certification of transgender people, which was another fight she never needed to pick.  The whole issue blew up in her face when a rapist who’d committed his crimes as a man was placed in a women’s prison having claimed he was transitioning. In an 18-minute resignation speech (David Cameron said goodbye in seven minutes, Boris Johnson in six) Ms Sturgeon mentioned “I,” “me” or “my” 153 times, but Scotland just 11. She said she’d devoted her political life to independence. Some might suggest she might have spent more time looking at the failing education system, soaring drug crime and appalling mortality rates. Meanwhile, in London, a politician displaying the same symptoms might still be in power, but is becoming increasingly isolated. London Mayor Sadiq Khan wants to expand the ULEZ (Ultra Low Emission Zone) cleaner air scheme in August. Broadly speaking, anyone with a petrol vehicle made before 2005 or diesel before 2015 will be forced to pay a daily charge of £12.50 to drive anywhere in London and the outer boroughs. Opposition grows by the day and from a multitude of sources. At least three Conservative boroughs have said they will not grant permission for the necessary signage and cameras, and trade unions want it paused as the burden on staff on lower salaries – such as nurses, carers and emergency workers – is unmanageable.  Imagine a carer on minimum wage being asked to find an extra sixty quid a week! And last week in an exclusive report on my show, LBC spoke with three London Labour MPs who are now urging Khan to pause implementation. And they were just the ones who were brave enough to “go public”. There were more, including frontbenchers, who are just as angry on behalf of their constituents but declined to appear. Even money guru Martin Lewis says while the policy for clean air is obviously a good one, it should be delayed due to the spiralling cost-of-living crisis. But this Mayor is having none of it.  Urging people to use public transport, he blithely ignores the fact that in an outer borough such as Bromley there’s no such thing as the London Underground. This anti-car war and cash-grabbing exercise is backed up by some questionable data about death rates in some boroughs, which appears to have been carefully selected and, in one instance, openly disputed by experts at Imperial College London. The Mayor is a modern day Robin Hood. Only this time he is robbing the poor to help shore up the huge losses made by TfL, London’s transport organisation, and a £740million gap in government funding. The next London mayoral election is a little over a year away and many Labour supporters fear this plan could cause considerable pain at the polls. Mr Khan and Ms Sturgeon are cut from the same cloth. Out of touch, out of support.  It has often been said that “a picture is worth a thousand words”, although seeing as Raquel Welch only had three lines in the movie One Million Years BC she certainly didn’t get anywhere near that word count. But the picture of her in a skimpy doeskin bikini was able to do all the talking. Launched in the 1960s as “the world’s next sex missile” – just imagine the outcry if any publicity of that kind was used in today’s delicate times – Raquel was still voted the movie world’s second sexiest woman ever. If it’s important to you, she was pipped to the top spot by Jennifer Aniston. It’s estimated over a million posters of her in that famous bikini were sold, and there will have been many men of a certain age around the world who will have momentarily been transported back to the bedrooms of their youth by the sad news last week of her death at the age of 82. Farewell to a genuine “poster girl” for the long-gone glamorous days of Hollywood.  The high-profile police investigation into the disappearance of Nicola Bulley, who went missing more than three weeks ago after taking her dog for a walk by the River Wyre in Lancashire, has lurched from failure to fiasco. If you, rightly in my opinion, thought Lancashire Police could not sink any lower after their failure to secure the scene for forensic examination, last week they excelled themselves by releasing sensitive information about the missing mother of two. The whole world now knows this woman was having issues with the menopause and problems with alcohol. It was also revealed the police attended the woman’s home along with health professionals following “a report of concern for welfare”. If that’s not enough to ignite the fires of speculation, I don’t know what is. This woman’s family, particularly her children, deserve better than this Keystone Cops style farce.  It was on this page last week that we highlighted the parlous state of the British military, with a drastically reduced army and not enough kit and ammo to last a week. Now it appears we are not alone, as at a meeting of NATO defence chiefs it emerged other countries are lagging as well. This means the vital supplies of weapons and ammunition to Ukraine could be jeopardised. This must not be allowed to happen. Having helped Ukraine achieve what initially seemed the unachievable, we cannot contemplate Russia regaining the upper hand now.  Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer is to be congratulated on ridding his party of the scourge of anti-Semitism as it is removed from special measures by the equality watchdog. Well done. Now all he needs are some policies. The claim in a new book that the Tavistock Clinic ignored evidence that 97.5 percent of children seeking sex changes had autism, depression or other emotional issues is incendiary and was fuelled, reportedly, by a reluctance to challenge the culture for fear of being branded “transphobic.” This is a clear manifestation of the evils of political correctness. With so much of the country still shivering under a cold snap, it makes sense to turn to a warming red. The Kleine Zalze Shiraz Cabernet 2020 is just £7.50 at Tesco.