Aries You are keen to start something new. Even so you will take this slowly and you won’t throw away all that is familiar until you are ready. You were half expecting to have to alter some plans due to costs and other complications but funds needed to finance a team project will become available at the eleventh hour. Taurus You’re in for a busy day and a lot of this is as a result of a colleague’s absenteeism or someone’s change of heart. You thought you would have had more help with a job you’d taken on jointly and you won’t be pleased with someone who lets you down. Gemini A trip you are planning with the family will be an extremely pleasant and memorable experience. It doesn’t matter if you have a dozen things to do, if something interests you, you will be happy to take on more. You always like to be busy.  Cancer You’ve been secretly longing for the approval of a senior colleague. Something that happens today will make you realise that you have been looking up to the wrong person. A supportive workmate will offer the encouragement and inspiration you need to be a success. Leo You’re longing for an adventure. You’re dreaming about going on an exotic holiday. Money might be tight but this won’t stop you from planning future travel. Besides, you could find a great on-line bargain and one dream will become reality sooner than you think. Virgo You may take a chance or two to make life more interesting but these will be calculated risks. Change is in the air and instead of jumping into your usual routines you will be grasping an offer that is far more interesting and exciting.  Libra To protect your fragile emotions refuse to engage in conversations that are contentious. Give it time and a satisfactory conclusion to a matter that has been causing conflict will be reached. New interests will add spice to your plans for the future. Scorpio A senior colleague says their door is open when there are problems and yet they will refuse to discuss issues that are causing most concern. You may have to reach out to someone else in order to be heard. Dig deep to find out facts but also recognise when it is best to let go. Sagittarius You feel you are wasting your time pursuing a matter that cannot be resolved. There is a limit to how much you can do. Knowing when to walk away will help you avoid further tension especially when there is more to be enjoyed elsewhere.    Capricorn You are ready to work with your colleagues on concerns that have been raised recently. If some solutions aren’t affordable you will be looking at ways to cut costs in other areas. Your aim is to build on work that has already been done. You don’t want that to go to waste. Aquarius No matter what the weather, you feel like doing something physical and sporty. You just want to be active. Creating a daily routine that involves some kind of exercise will keep anxiety at bay. Besides, you will glow with health after a little physical activity. Pisces A happy tide of events is starting to flow your way. A promise someone recently made to you looks like it is about to become a pleasing reality. You have more chances to get out and about now should you wish to take it and to cultivate friendships with people who share your interests.   