Danny Dyer, who announced his exit from EastEnders last year, has hinted the actor could return to Albert Square. The Mick Carter actor was last on our screens in 2022 but despite his soap departure, there are a few of his co-stars he won't miss. The 45-year-old dished all on The Jonathan Ross Show where the BBC star was joined by the likes of Evangeline Lilly, Will Sharpe, Leomie Anderson and Maisie Adams. The Football Factory actor opened up about leaving EastEnders after nine years on the soap but said the door is always open for his return. Danny admitted it's "emotional" to be making his exit after almost a decade, adding he is "lazy" when it comes to his preparation. Speaking to the ITV host, the actor moaned it's "f*****g hard" to learn 30 pages of lines every day. READ MORE: Jon Snow states 'I wasn’t leftie enough' for brother in rare insight Danny admitted: “I do miss the people there, there’s no two ways about it but it’s a new chapter for me.” Jonathan asks Danny about his castmates: “Who will you miss the least?” The actor replied: “There’s a few of them actually, I ain’t going to lie. I won’t say [who], you know. Most of them I love dearly. Not all…” Jonathan asks: “So they know who they are, though?”   Danny said: “I would have thought so.” Mick’s departure from Albert Square was left somewhat open-ended. Over the festive season, the former Queen Vic landlord was last seen heading into the sea to rescue ex-wife Linda (Kellie Bright) after she was involved in a car crash with Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). Linda and Janine both resurfaced on the shore but Mick was nowhere to be seen. Following the dramatic scenes, fans have become convinced that it wouldn’t be the last time that they'd see him. Speaking to The Times, Danny said: "Anything is possible. Where would he have gone to? He can’t swim. I found it a bit odd." On his decision to leave the show after nine years, Danny added: "One reason I left EastEnders was because I wasn’t around enough. "You’ve got to try and get in there early with your holiday, because otherwise they give you a holiday in February, and who wants to go on holiday in February?” Danny's exit comes ahead of a huge EastEnders storyline which aired earlier this week. Viewers got a chance to see a flash-forward scene as they teased another death to hit Albert Square at Christmas. Danny Dyer has played pub landlord Mick Carter since Christmas 2013 and he has also appeared in films such as The Football Factory, The Business and Doghouse. The Jonathan Ross Show airs Saturday at 9.40pm on ITV1 and ITVX.