A 12-year-old has died following a shootout over a stolen vehicle. The car's owner had tracked the vehicle using an app and eventually saw it stop all the way at an intersection in the Sun Valley neighbourhood, about 15 minutes away. According to police, the owner went to the car’s location and approached the stolen vehicle before he was “involved in an exchange of gunfire.” After the exchange, police say 12-year-old Elias Armstrong drove the car a few blocks away, where he was found injured from a gunshot. Denver Police believe other people in the stolen car ran away, and the boy died after being taken to the hospital. Officers say the car’s owner talked to cops about the incident, with the person not arrested as of Wednesday. Police have not determined who fired first or what led up to the exchange of gunfire. All of it is under investigation and will be factors in the “current determination regarding the arrest.” It’s also unclear if the car’s owner informed the police before taking action. READ MORE: 'Unusually quiet' Harry and Meghan may be plotting 'Coronation coup' Jamie Torres, Denver City Councilwoman, said in a statement she was “heartbroken” over the 12-year-old’s death. “I know auto theft is a growing issue, not just in Denver but everywhere, and it’s infuriating to be victimised like that”, she said. “But I discourage any resident to taking a vigilante approach.” Meanwhile, CBS News Colorado legal analyst Raj Chohan said incidents such as this “is exactly why we don't want civilians approaching car thieves in cases like this because something terrible can happen”. "The reason we have this dilemma is because a person certainly is allowed to use deadly force to defend themselves, if they reasonably believe that deadly force is about to be used on them”, he added. “However, you are never allowed to use deadly force just to protect property.” "It can get very complicated. It's really going to depend on how did the car owner approach? “What was said, what did the car thieves know to happen? Who pulled their guns first and fired shots first? “That's going to go a long way towards determining whether self-defence is in play here.” The District Attorney's Office says they have not yet been presented with this case for filing. DPD encourages anyone with any information to contact Metro Denver Crime Stoppers.