Volodymyr Zelensky is touring Europe after calling for fighter jets in the UK to help his country's struggle against Russia's invasion. MEPs in the European Parliament rose to a standing ovation for the Ukrainian leader as he entered the chamber. The Ukrainian anthem was played at the protocol entrance, followed by the European anthem.  Addressing the European Parliament, he said: "I'm here to defend our people's way at home. “This is our Europe, these are our rules, this is our way of life, and for Ukraine it’s a way home, a way to home.” The Ukrainian leader said Europe and Ukraine "will not allow" Russia to "annihilate European values". Hinting at the speeding up of the process to allow Ukraine to be a full member of the EU, he predicted: "Ukraine is going to be a member of the European Union." He concluded: "I thank all of you and I invite all of you to Ukraine. Glory to all Ukrainians who fight and glory to Ukraine." The Ukrainian chief held up an EU flag after his address and the entire legislature stood in sombre silence as the Ukrainian national anthem and then European anthem “Ode to Joy” were played. Before Zelensky spoke, European Parliament President Roberta Metsola said allies should consider “quickly, as a next step, providing long range systems” and fighter jets to Ukraine. Metsola said the response to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s war against Ukraine “must be proportional to the threat, and the threat is existential." The Ukrainian President travelled to Brussels this morning with Emmanuel Macron to join an EU summit and speak to MEPs to continue his push for more advanced weapons. Zelensky well knows that the EU sometimes moves at a snail's pace while he himself had to be lightning fast to stave off an early Russian victory and set up a defence of his vast nation that very few would have deemed possible a year ago. Now, after initial hesitation, EU nations have finally started to step up their military contributions as well. Starting his surprise trip in London on Wednesday, Mr Zelensky used a rousing speech to Parliament to urge the UK and Western allies to provide "wings for freedom". He then travelled to Paris to meet French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, telling a press conference there is "very little time" to provide the weaponry. He will be flying with Mr Macron to today's gathering of EU leaders. In London, Mr Zelensky warned that without supplies, including jets, ammunition, and long-range missiles, there is a risk of "stagnation" in the conflict. But ahead of his visit in Paris, the German Chancellor said he would not be drawn into a "public bidding war" over military aid for Kyiv. He reminded his parliament that European nations had backed Ukraine “financially, with humanitarian aid and with weapons”. READ MORE: Boris insists UK must give Ukraine all of its fighter jets  He added: “We will continue to do so as long as necessary. I am taking a clear message to Brussels: Ukraine belongs to the European family.” Mr Scholz accused his critics of engaging in “a public bidding war according to the principle of battle tanks, submarines, battleships, who can offer more”. He continued: “Germany won’t get involved." In London, Rishi Sunak said "nothing is off the table" when it comes to the question of providing fighter aircraft to Ukraine. The Prime Minister said sending warplanes is "part of the conversation" about aid to Kyiv. Downing Street confirmed that Mr Sunak has asked Defence Secretary Ben Wallace to investigate what jets the UK could potentially give. The UK also announced that it will start training Ukrainian air force pilots as part of a long-term strategy to safeguard Kyiv's future. It marked a change in approach, with No 10 previously arguing that it would take too long to train pilots to fly Western fighter planes to have an impact on the war in eastern Europe. DON'T MISS:Ukraine’s fight is a battle all of Europe needs to win [INSIGHT]Sunak urged to supply Zelensky with ‘hard power’ [ANALYSIS]King Charles uses 'ritual' to welcome Zelensky to UK [VIDEO] The Russian Embassy in London warned the UK against supplying warplanes, saying Britain would bear responsibility "for another twist of escalation and the ensuing military-political consequences for the European continent and the entire world". The United States and other NATO allies have been wary of becoming more involved in the conflict for fear of provoking the Kremlin. Mr Zelensky's trip to the UK included talks with Mr Sunak in Downing Street, a meeting with the King at Buckingham Palace, and a visit to Ukrainian armed forces in Dorset where they are being trained to use Challenger 2 tanks. It is only his second trip abroad since Moscow's forces launched their full-scale invasion nearly a year ago.  