Mason Greenwood's spirits were reportedly 'lifted' following a phone call from Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag after the Crown Prosecution Service opted to drop the charges against his name. The Dutchman has been unable to call upon the highly-rated 21-year-old since arriving from Ajax last summer as the England international remains suspended indefinitely by the Red Devils. It is currently unclear whether Greenwood will don the red of United again as the club continue to conduct "its own process before determining the next steps." Nonetheless, The Sun are reporting that Ten Hag took it upon himself to reach out to his player after the charges against the forward were dropped as he made checks on Greenwood's mental state and wellbeing. A source noted that the phone call was a major boost for the suspended starlet, who awaits positive news on the prospect of returning to professional football. “Mason’s spirits were lifted by it. He has been at United since he was six and just wants to get back to playing football for them," the unnamed source told The Sun. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call “He is happiest with a ball at his feet and wants to get his career back on track. But he knows the club has a massive decision to make.” Greenwood has not featured for United since way back in January 2022 when he played in a 1-0 victory over West Ham. It's understood senior members of the United dressing room are said to be against the prospect of welcoming Greenwood back into the first team. That's one of many reasons why United are reluctant to rush into any decision on his future as Greenwood patiently awaits an update. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges Ten Hag is believed to have told the winger that any decision will be made by the club - not him specifically. United forward Greenwood's current deal is due to run until the summer of 2025. So far, no talks have taken place over the possible termination of his contract as United have been awaiting a formal decision from the Crown Prosecution Service. Reports suggest figures within United had feared that the charges would be dropped as it would place the club in a difficult position. The Red Devils are likely to be faced with fierce scrutiny if they allow Greenwood to return to action and on the basis of how this season has gone, they do not necessarily need him. Jadon Sancho is now back fit and firing after returning in midweek against Leeds following a small lay-off. The tricky attacker looked reborn after being placed on a personal fitness programme by Ten Hag as he found the net to draw United level against Leeds. Greenwood has made 129 appearances for United, scoring 35 goals.