Charles Leclerc has been handed the bizarre new nickname of 'Perceval' by Ferrari team-mate Carlos Sainz. The unique name was revealed during Ferrari’s launch event as Leclerc took the new SF-23 for its first spin. It came after Sainz took over Ferrari’s team radio as Leclerc pulled onto the Fiorano test track desperate for news on the team’s new package. The Spaniard then called Leclerc “Perceval”, before asking him for more information about the new machine. He said: “Perceval, how is the car? Do you like it?” Leclerc responded: “Hello mate! Can I do one more lap?” However, Sainz quickly interjected: “No, no, no – box, box, box, box, box, it’s my turn! It’s my turn.” Leclerc added: “It feels good, I think we have started well because I am pretty sure we are the fastest on track, so that’s a good sign already. Everything feels good, mate.” The pair had already agreed that the first to drive the car would only get two laps with the other getting three. READ MORE: Ferrari star Charles Leclerc makes feelings on new car clear Leclerc won the coin flip ahead of the new Ferrari’s launch, giving the Monegasque the honour of unveiling the new model to the world. Although appearing almost identical to last year’s model, Ferrari is understood to have made some significant progress with their new car. The first change appears to be on the front wing with the Prancing Horse installing struts on the top of the flap in a radical new design. Ferrari has also updated the car’s cooling with changes made to the engine covers. However, reliability is the team’s main focus after Leclerc was forced out of the Spanish and Azerbaijan Grands Prix while leading last season. Reports in the Italian media ahead of the launch suggested solving reliability concerns could make the car around one second per lap faster. DON'T MISSCarlos Sainz risks causing headache with Charles Leclerc comments  [INSIGHT]Ferrari 'used weight' as top team to block Red Bull's plans  [ANALYSIS]Horner details Ferrari phone call and rejects Red Bull hiring Binotto [COMMENT] Speaking on Tuesday, team boss Frederic Vasseur officially admitted the team had made strides in solving their mechanical issues. The Frenchman explained: "The regulation is crystal clear, the engine is almost frozen but we just can change something for reliability. "Last year it was no secret it was not the best aspect of the engine but we did a good job at the factory. Now we are ready for the season… last year the window for the engine was very small. Let’s see what happens this season but I think we are in a good place.”