Aaron Chalmers believes he has a puncher’s chance against boxing legend Floyd Mayweather. The ex-Geordie Shore star’s confidence has been boosted by Deji giving Mayweather a black eye during their Saudi showdown and he expects to be able to land on ‘more than one occasion’ when he squares off against TBE this month. Mayweather fought Deji in his last exhibition bout back in November, winning via a comfortable sixth-round stoppage. But despite his dominance, the American didn’t come away completely unscathed, sporting a visible mark below his left eye post-fight. Chalmers, who has fought professionally in both MMA (5-2) and boxing (1-0), believes he is a cut above the YouTube star and has been instilled with an added boost from Deji’s successes against Mayweather. Speaking to Express Sport, he said: “I’d like to think I’m a better boxer than Deji and Deji caught him, he blacked his eye so that’s a big confidence boost for me. And if Deji can black his eye then there’s a chance I will catch him on more than one occasion. “I’m also going to be a lot bigger than Floyd, I’m six foot, I’m cutting down to 72kg and I punch quite hard. I’m not saying that he hasn’t been in there with people that can punch but I can punch as well. “It’s going to be an interesting night more me and like I say the more I do the better it stands me for future reference. I see an absolute tear up,” Chalmers added. “I know me and I know if the going gets tough then I will have to bite down and start swinging. MORE BOXING NEWS... Blind boxer to debut against fully sighted foe in extraordinary fight Jake Paul told to 'cut' Tommy Fury after press conference no-show Paul forced to face off with Chisora as Fury nowhere to be seen “I’d rather go out on my shield then tuck up and be finished. You can expect the unexpected. If he starts putting it on me and I start fading away I won’t be going out without a fight and like I say it only takes one punch and I know I can bang.” Chalmers squares off against Mayweather on February 25 at the O2 Arena in London. According to The Joker, the contest will be fought over six to eight rounds and will not be scored. Chalmers is expected to come in no heavier than 72kg against his smaller foe and has confirmed that there is no rehydration clause in his contract.