James Bond fans have just received the news that the original novels, written by Sir Ian Fleming, are going to be receiving some major edits in the coming months. The Daily Telegraph has reported certain words and phrases - including the N-word - will be removed from the books. But fans of the franchise are not happy about these alterations and have begun speaking out in fury. One fan wrote on Twitter: "Edit James Bond - what next The Bible - Eve not tempting Adam - stop trying to change the fact we are sexual creatures!" Another agreed: "so now u want to edit Ian Fleming James Bond Books, this is censorship, give me a break." (sic) A third said: "The edits/rewrites are offensive to people who know they were 'of their time' & patronising to those who don’t understand and sensitive little darlings." (sic) One more went on: "Cannot believe you are doing edits to classics #JamesBond leave them be." (sic) One enraged fan even claimed the James Bond book edits were a form of "cancellation". They wrote: "cancel culture to edit james bond two fingers to that idea." (sic) British actor Daniel Craig has recently modernised 007 with a new outlook and way of speaking. But Fleming's novels remain rooted in 1950s culture. The books will reportedly come with a new disclaimer in its opening pages that reads: "This book was written at a time when terms and attitudes which might be considered offensive by modern readers were commonplace. A number of updates have been made in this edition while keeping as close as possible to the original text and the period in which it is set." The reported changes being made in the books will cut out racist, sexist and homophobic language that was originally written in the 1950s. DON'T MISS...Jeffrey Archer fumes 'woke' editing of James Bond novelsNext James Bond hopeful Tom Hardy fights for success in 007 changeSean Connery called George Lazenby a 'prize sh*t' for quitting Bond Reports say the N-word has been completely removed from the books, instead being replaced with "Black man" or "Black person" where appropriate. Live and Let Die will remove references to a striptease Bond visits in Harlem, New York. However, the Telegraph reports some other uncouth references will remain in the books. For example, phrases such as the “sweet tang of rape”, “blithering women” and doing “man’s work” are all remaining in the novels. Also remaining is homosexuality being described as "a stubborn disability". Ian Fleming Publications called the edits the "best course of action". In recent months, the latest 007 book - Double Or Nothing - was released by Harper Collins, starring the first female 007 agent.