Freddie Flintoff crashed during filming at Surrey’s Dunsfold Aerodrome in December 2022. The Top Gear presenter suffered serious facial injuries and broken ribs. The vehicle flipped over and slid along the track. A TV insider told The Sun on Sunday said: “The injuries were more severe as the car didn’t have a roof. "It was a freak accident and somehow the car flipped over and the two men were dragged along. “Freddie and the crew member were both wearing helmets, but it was still a severe accident. “Everyone on the scene was shocked by how serious it was and they were very worried about the two men strapped in. READ MORE: Freddie Flintoff 'puts TV career on hold' after Top Gear horror crash   “Very little has been revealed about the accident and bosses are keen to keep a lid on details. "Production has been halted while Freddie and the crew member recover.  "No-one is rushing back to work any time soon. "The future of the show is in serious doubt.”  The update comes after it was announced Top Gear would not return this year after the BBC stopped production following the horror crash. The series usually starts a new season between October and November each year. But it is understood the usual deadlines will not be reached because of the delays in filming due to the accident. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for an update and a statement regarding Freddie's injuries. DON'T MISS... Phil Tufnell speaks out as pal Freddie Flintoff ‘lucky to be alive’... Top Gear 'fully investigating' Freddie Flintoff's horror car crash Freddie Flintoff 'lucky to be alive' says son after Top Gear host   Jason Manford appeared on the BBC at the end of last year to discuss how Freddie was coping after the incident. He said on BBC Breakfast: "I spoke to some friends this morning and obviously my thoughts are with Rachel and the kids. "But they are just thankful it's not life-threatening and that he can get over the injuries he has. "Obviously we will know more details as the day goes on but like with any of these things, it's the recovery and the mental health afterwards. "You know that people need help with and hopefully friends and family will be around." The former England cricket captain turned entertainer joined Top Gear in 2018, after Friends star Matt LeBlanc announced his exit. He and Paddy McGuinness joined Chris Harris, and the pairing initially took viewers by surprise. The delay in the release of the new series will give the star time to recovery properly.