Brooklyn Beckham, 23, was quick to rush to Instagram to share his pancake day efforts after watching his dad David Beckham's hilarious video. However, the aspiring chef was met with plenty of criticism for his efforts, while his father was called a "tosser" in a funny quip from Victoria Beckham. Brooklyn posted a video of himself not only flipping a pancake successfully, but also with his eyes closed, in a bid to outdo his famous dad. The aspiring chef captioned the video in view of his 14.9 million followers: "@davidbeckham but could you do it with your eyes closed." David was quick to reply, as he penned: "I couldn’t do it with my eyes open, looks like a good pancake @brooklynpeltzbeckham." However, despite David branding the pancake "good", many social media users rushed to the comments to criticise Brooklyn's efforts. READ MORE: Emma Thompson left 'seriously ill' by Oscars twice  Ill_be_a_knight said: "That pancake is way too thick!" Marsaycathryn added: "Too thick for a pancake more like an omelette." However, many also took to the post's comments to stand up for the former photographer against the critics. Myroc2012 said: "He’s being cheeky with his dad, it’s funny. Please stop taking the pancake so seriously …." Lucymalco commented: "I don’t get all the hate for him. Just leave him alone and scroll on. I like his post." Brooklyn's post comes after Victoria took to Instagram to poke fun at her husband as she showed off his "tossing" skills. Victoria shared a clip of the former professional footballer preparing the treat, while he offered to drizzle it with his own branded honey. In the video, a behind-the-camera Victoria could be heard saying: "So it's Pancake day, and David is tossing away, that's impressive he is so good." David then asked her: "Darling, what do you want on your pancake? Do you want some of that?" DON'T MISS... Catherine Zeta-Jones seen riding empty tube [HOLLYWOOD] Lily Rose Depp baffles fans with homage to dad Johnny's ex Kate Moss [PICS] Jane Fonda issues warning after sharing 'big regret' in personal life [COMMENT]  Victoria then cheekily quipped: 'I love me some sticky stuff, he is such a tosser." David also shared a similar video of himself flipping a pancake only for it to land catastrophically on himself. He captioned the hilarious video in view of his 77.6 million followers: "Told you I Still got it @victoriabeckham." Many rushed to the comment to compliment Victoria for her natural "smile" in the video, with Olly Murs also sending laughing emojis. Cleolc1 said: "It’s the fact that she looks that good and glamorous in the kitchen lol gotta love her." Dnice added: "@VictoriaBeckham's side-eye game is on point." Victoria and David live in the Cotswolds with their three children: Romeo, 20, Cruz, 18, and Harper Seven, 11. Their eldest, Brooklyn, lives in the US alongside his wife Nicola Peltz in her family's mansion.