EastEnders actress Cheryl Fergison,  57, played Heather Trott from 2007 until 2012. Her character was killed off by a young Ben Mitchell (Joshua Pascoe). The star has gone on to claim the storylines have become "ridiculous" and "sensationalised". "I am not the morality police but I do think EastEnders has lost its way a little. "I think people are craving for something more relatable and familiar rather than sensationalised," she said. "I remember when Arthur Fowler nicked the Christmas fund was big news. Now it is all about how many people can be stabbed or shot in the Square. "I don’t think that’s the right image for soaps to give. I think it is normalising violence to younger people," she told the Daily Star. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Reiss Colwell's killer secret  The actress did appreciate how soaps were trying "to educate people on sensitive storylines". Although she felt it was often overshadowed by storylines created to get the highest ratings. She described it as "giving with one hand and then taking with another". Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC but they did not wish to comment. This is not the first time the star has hit out at the soap as back in April 2022 she branded it "out of touch". At the time, she slammed the show's bosses for killing off her character, as Ben hit her across the head with a photo frame. "They need to bring it back down to earth a bit," she told The Mirror. "When the sensational stuff becomes like a movie, it becomes a bit like a blur." The actress also wanted to see more body diversity in the soap as she said she was keen to see more "big people" in TV. DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Suki Panesar in danger as betrayal leads to an attack EastEnders' Stacey Slater and Martin Fowler 'will get close' EastEnders heartbreak for Zack and Whitney over tragic news   She said: "We can identify better when someone looks like you is represented. "And we do have sex! People like to pretend that we just laugh around being jolly and eating, but we don't. "I saw Pierce Brosnan's wife, who's bigger, and was like 'Yeah! Goooo on!'." The star was on the soap for almost five years, having initially joined as a guest star.  However, she proved so popular that bosses decided to give Heather a job as the laundrette assistant and she would later become a full-time cast member. A Mirror insider said at the time: “Heather’s character has been hugely popular over the years, but the decision has been taken to cut her out of the show before viewers tire of her." Since leaving the soap she went on to star in Hard Cell, Dodger, Big School and The Spa. She is also known for her theatre roles, having recently appeared in the stage version of Cinderella at Stockport Plaza. EastEnders airs on BBC One from Mondays to Thursdays at 7.30pm. 