If you use Freeview to get your fix of nightly entertainment it's definitely worth checking out the latest advice from the popular service. Many users may not be aware that the changeable British weather can wreak havoc on the signal that beams content into living rooms. When things start to stutter it's very tempting to start trying to retune TVs and set-boxes. However, Freeview is warning that this is a really bad idea that can actually cause more trouble than it actually mends. Last weekend was a good example of how conditions can affect the viewing experience. A band of high pressure hit parts of the UK with Freeview issuing an alert ahead of the event which warned users that their TVs may suffer from a poor signal. "Freeview viewers across parts of the country could see some disruption to their TV reception," the service warned. "This is due to high pressure which could disrupt the TV signals which Freeview uses." If your telly suddenly displays a terrible picture it could simply be due to bad conditions outside. Freeview says that certain weather, including high pressure (which generally brings fine weather or morning fog), may sometimes affect your TV's reception. READ MORE: Urgent Windows 10 warning issued to millions of users - check your PC now Interference caused by these atmospheric conditions is always temporary and things should clear up once the weather changes again. Although not having a clean picture on the screen is clearly annoying, Freeview warns to leave devices well alone. "If you suspect that your signal is being affected by weather please don't retune your TV or box," Freeview explained. "If you have already retuned it, you'll have to retune again once the weather has cleared." Those who find they are constantly hit by a bad signal might want to consider using online services such as Freeview Play which use broadband to whizz shows and movies into homes. Sky has also recently joined this online revolution with the premium telly firm now offering its Sky Glass and Sky Stream devcies which don't need a dish stuck to the wall. That's good news for those who don't want - or can't have - a dish and it also stops the problem of weather or things such as trees disrupting the signal - something Sky's equipment is prone to. Want to know more? • Read our full Sky Glass review • Read our full Sky Stream review