A Tinton House, New Jersey family favourite announced children under 10 will be banned after lamenting the "crazy messes" staff was left to clean up. Nettie’s House of Spaghetti said the decision was the result of "extremely difficult" conditions that forced management to intervene to "take control of the situation.” In a lengthy Facebook post announcing children aged 10 and under would no longer be served at the restaurant, the management argued they had become a "liability" for the spaghetti house. They said: "We love kids. We really, truly, do. But lately, it’s been extremely challenging to accommodate children at Nettie’s. "Between noise levels, lack of space for high chairs, cleaning up crazy messes, and the liability of kids running around the restaurant, we have decided that it’s time to take control of the situation. "This wasn’t a decision that was made lightly, but some recent events have pushed us to implement this new policy. "As of March 8, the day we return from our winter break, we will no longer allow children under 10 to dine in the restaurant." JUST IN: China ready for 'next level' tactics after US shoots down suspected spy balloon The restaurant added: "We know that this is going to make some of you very upset, especially those of you with very well-behaved kids, but we believe this is the right decision for our business moving forward." According to NJ.com, Nettie's is one of the most popular restaurants in the area. It ranked 28th's most popular in the state in 2022. The announcement received over 10,000 comments, with people inquiring about the reasons behind the decision, with a member of staff saying children had become "a liability." The announcement was met with mixed reviews, albeit some Facebook users welcomed the move. READ MORE: China could send 'multiple' spy balloons to 'embarrass' Biden as tensions boil over User Jill Sorrentino-Wilson said: "Fantastic idea… having worked in the industry since I was 14, i’ve never seen anything like I have in the recent past. "Kids are out of control and most parents are oblivious. "The disregard for manners and common decency is unreal. I worked in FH and was disgusted by the behavior. Good for you for taking a stand." Barbara Ann commented: "There's always take out if the kids really want to try it. Not all restaurants are fit for a 'family atmosphere'." DON'T MISS12-year-old shot dead in stolen car chase [REPORT]Teen kills herself after she is filmed being attacked [LATEST]Democrats turn on Biden over border crisis [INSIGHT] Denise Russo said: "I think it's a good policy. And for the record, I have kids, grown now, and still agree with this." Others however said the decision was "personal" and would discriminate against parents with young children. Laura Jones said: "That is really sad to hear .. I was looking forward to trying out your place but with a well behaved 9 year old I’m not welcome .. sad ..." Eileen Lennon commented: "It’s business. Shouldn’t be personal. Good luck." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews