Gail Porter, 51, was one of the most famous faces on British television in the 1990s thanks to her presenting gigs on The Big Breakfast and Top of the Pops. She also posed for magazines such as FHM and a nude photograph was famously projected onto the Houses of Parliament in 1999. In 2005, Gail developed alopecia and started losing her hair. In the 18 years that have followed, the mother-of-one has been open about her condition in a bid to raise awareness. Now, she says that being bald does not bother her "in the slightest", but that the loss of her eyelashes is "really annoying". READ MORE:Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' When asked whether she minds speaking so openly about her life, Gail told Express.co.uk: “Now, not at all. I’ve got nothing to lose. “If I just open my mouth, people don’t have to listen to me, but if I say things and it resonates or helps someone, then I’ve done something good. “It’s like with the hair thing, a lot of people say to me, ‘Why don’t you wear a wig?’  “Being bald as well, people will come up and chat to me in the street and say that their mum is going through chemo or that their brother has lost his hair. People just chat, and I quite like that." Gail's own mother, Sandra, sadly lost her battle with breast cancer in 2009 when she was 60. When going through chemo, Gail would take her the wigs that she had been sent and she "quite liked wearing them". The former Celebrity Big Brother star continued: "[Mum] didn’t like the fact that I didn’t wear a wig and kept sending me woolly hats! So I've got hats with cat faces on them. I was like, ‘Mum, I’ll be single forever if you keep sending me cat hats!’" DON'T MISSAdele ‘set to marry this summer’ as she flaunts ring from Rich Paul[LATEST]Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlash[NEWS]Lorraine Kelly breaks silence after missing chat show due to illness[INSIGHT] Although Gail is now "quite ok" with being bald, losing her eyelashes has brought additional problems. She opened up: "I didn’t like that bit. I have to wear glasses to protect my eyes because if I get dust in them I can’t see and that is really annoying. “I sometimes go to a MAC store and they will [put false eyelashes on] for me because I can’t do it. "I tried to do it once and I glued my eyes together! “I quite enjoy it when I get them glued on because I'm just wandering around fluttering my eyelashes and people are thinking, ‘Has she got a tic or something?’ "But no, I've just got my eyelashes and I’m flirting with everybody for fun.”