A moving tribute to Nicola Bulley has been paid in the form of a street mural depicting the mum-of-two. The beautiful work of art has been painted round the corner from where a candlelit vigil is being held for Ms Bulley. Following a search lasting more than three weeks, the missing mortgage advisor, 45, was discovered in the River Wyre near Preston, Lancashire, on Sunday. She disappeared on January 27 while walking her dog Willow in St Michael's on Wyre after dropping off her two kids at school. Friends have organised a candlelit vigil at the bandstand in the centre of her hometown of South Woodham Ferrers, Essex, at 8pm tonight - while fundraisers managed to put together more than £20,000 to go towards her funeral costs. Around the corner from the vigil, local artist Danny Bench yesterday completed a mural of Nicola - which he told the Mirror he took two days off work to finish.  Danny, 48, had gone to William de Ferrers School with Nicola, and was friends with her sister Louise Cunningham, who approved the idea for the mural before he started. Danny - who runs Murals by Danny Bench - spent around four hours on Wednesday doing the bulk of the work, having had the idea a couple of days before.  He said that when he told Ms Cunningham of the idea to paint an image of her sister, she responded: "I'd love that." Danny added he's a little uncomfortable with the attention he's now getting after a picture of the finished work was posted online last night. "I did it for the friends and the family. It was for them, it wasn’t for personal gain," he said. Ms Bulley's family is understood to be preparing for her funeral after the coroner said they would release the body following an inquest. The short hearing lasted around five minutes and saw senior coroner Dr James Adeley conclude he was "satisfied on the balance of probabilities, and more, that positive identification has been made". Members of Ms Bulley's family, including her husband Paul Ansell, were made aware of the hearing, but they did not attend. DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley police 'turned down search help' at height of hunt [REVEAL]Priti Patel demands Nicola Bulley detectives face independent inquiry [INSIGHT] Abused mum who left suicide note damning Lancashire cops was 'failed' [ANALYSIS] A campaign set up on GoFundMe by close friends of the Ansell family has collected over £20,000 for the service. With more than 1,000 donations, organisers surpassed their £10,000 goal within a day after the launch - now sitting at over £23,000. Organisers said they wanted to "help the family through this awful time". Express.co.uk readers wishing to light a candle for Ms Bulley but are too far away to do so can pay tribute with a virtual candle using our interactive map.