The second season of NCIS: Hawaii will return with another exciting case for Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) and the team on Monday night. However, filming is still underway for the hit CBS action-drama, and there’s excitement in store for Kail Holman (Alex Tarrant) and Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson). Tarrant and Anderson headed to an unknown location in the latest sneak peek at the final few episodes of NCIS: Hawaii season two. After airing the 12th episode of the spin-off’s second outing a fortnight ago, the show will be back from its hiatus at the start of this week. In the meantime, the cast are still in the middle of shooting the final island adventures for Tennant and the team. A new Twitter post from Tarrant has now revealed the cast heading to an unknown location to film their next scene. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future He and his co-star Anderson were beaming as they delved deep into the rainforest with members of the crew. Tarrant captioned the post: “@NCISHawaiiCBS what exciting place are we headed to? #bts #NCISHawaii ….. gotta love a ride in the cart.” (sic) Below the video, @ahtlolevad replied: “You guys have the coolest job on earth.” @kt_thelifeguard said: “I am obsessed with bts content from this show - just seems like y’all have so much fun together!” (sic) @EarperArmy wrote: “I don't know where you were headed, but I'm sure you had the best time ever.” While @earplegalcodes predicted: “You're headed to film a scene that will make us all freak out.” “Hopefully finally surfing together although that doesn’t make much sense with the context of this video,” @judyapplellini suggested hopefully. And @littleswiftvera added: “I can't wait to see you in action, you and Tori are like siblings.” DON'T MISS:The Last of Us fans ‘in tears’ from Pedro Pascal’s Mario skit [REACTION]Law and Order SVU delayed by schedule shake-up [UPDATE]Lockwood and Co star recalls ‘challenging’ first week of filming [EXCLUSIVE] In the clip, a camera whipped around Tarrant and Anderson’s cart as the passengers made faces and waved. Another cart drove ahead of them, possibly containing more members of the Pearl Harbour task force. Whatever the case, fans will be thrilled to see Holman and Whistler getting the chance to team up on another mission. Much of Anderson’s storyline so far has seen her struggling to handle the departure of her girlfriend Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami) who has taken on a new job this season. However, she’s clearly keeping herself occupied as she’s set to join Holman and possibly some other agents on another mysterious mission. Meanwhile, Tara’s promotion to Special Agent Afloat has meant the fan-favourite has been away at sea for most of season two, though thankfully she’ll make her return on Monday night. Fans keep their fingers crossed for a romantic reunion between the two agents, although it’s still unknown if Tara will be heading back to dry land soon. NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.