Read that again, just five days’ worth of bombs, bullets and shells to protect our nation. As the Russian invasion of Ukraine has shown, we do not live in a post-war world. Anyone who thinks Mr Putin or someone even worse could be deterred from trying the same thing here by stern language or a social media campaign has another thing coming. Of course, we all want to live in a peaceful world but peace comes through strength. It’s obvious. I think during the war in Ukraine, even the most naive have come to realise Russia is not our friend. Yet we have very little left in our arsenal to defend ourselves. And we have given Ukraine, rightly so, in my opinion, a heck of a lot of weapons and ammunition. Are we refilling our arsenals? Are we improving the quality of our vehicles for our armed forces? It seems not. We must be replacing those forthwith, and building up more resilient stocks of ammunition. Who knows what horrors tomorrow might bring. How dare we ask people to join our military whether at sea, land or in the air, if we’re not prepared to spend the money they need to keep themselves safe and to keep the rest of us safe. Successive governments have failed to look after this nation. Wake up you fools, smell the coffee and start providing our deterrent. I’m too old to learn to speak Russian. One interesting thing I noticed following Volodymyr Zelensky’s visit to the UK last week was how many people seem offended by the fact the Ukrainian President turned up in what looked like the same clothes he’s been wearing since the start of the Russian invasion. Those same people have absolutely no idea how stupid they sound. The country is at war, they’re being bombed continually and it’s far more respectful to the people of his nation that he turns up looking the way he did – in low-key olive combat-style fatigues – rather than getting himself all dolled up in a lovely suit. During the Second World War, Winston Churchill (remember him?) famously wore his “siren suits”, essentially the precursor to a onesie, while visiting the White House. Ukraine’s president should be congratulated for defying Putin’s bullying, pulling his country together and hanging on to it for nearly a year now. For those of you who have nothing more important in your lives than to moan about the way a wartime leader is dressed, you have my deepest sympathy. Bear baiting, cock fighting and dog fighting all used to be part of British culture. Luckily we don’t do any of this anymore. The recent video shown on the news of a fox being ripped apart made me sick to my stomach. The people taking part in this are disgusting. I have never seen anything quite so disgusting in my entire life and I hope they are brought to book. Drag hunting is clearly just as bad as the real thing and it’s time to stop the whole lot. It may be part of our countryside culture... but times change. It is no longer part of a culture we should be celebrating in any way, shape or form – and this comes from somebody who has lived in the country most of their life. Let’s ban fox hunting now – properly – and make the idiotic people who seem to find it fun actually sit down and think before they speak up in its defence. So Grant Shapps is heading a new department that includes our push for so-called Net Zero. What a waste of time, money and effort. Net Zero – the idea of utterly negating greenhouse gases put into the atmosphere – is a complete joke. Nobody is going to achieve it, no one can really see the point of doing so and yet we’re seemingly hell-bent on wrecking our economy, sending energy prices through the roof and continuing our reliance on foreign sources to try and achieve it. I’m so sad the Government hasn’t realised this isn’t going to move things in the right direction. The state of the economy, not only of this country but the world, is going to be thrown into even more turmoil if we continue to chase this ridiculous goal. And we know there are some countries, naming no names, that simply won’t give a fig and will carry on polluting away and making the most of cheap fossil fuels. We do need to clean up this planet. We do need to make sure we’re doing as much as we can not to harm the future of humanity. But we should also be starting now to learn from history that the climate changes, weather changes, sea levels rise and fall, even ice ages can return. We need to build and develop in a way that is in harmony with the planet. Not throw our progress aside to satisfy short-term targets. If Mr Shapps is going to go down the sensible route I will support him. If he’s just chasing Net Zero headlines? Well you can make up your own minds. I wonder how many union leaders are proud of themselves. For the chaos and misery their strikes are causing at a time when the country is already mired in chaos, struggling with a cost-of-living crisis, the fallout from Covid and all while trying to support another European neighbour fending off an invasion? Timing is everything and while we’re broke, and battling rising inflation to boot, of course it’s going to be hard to give public sector workers (and everyone else) pay rises. The problem is, nobody wishes to pay more tax – yet the union leaders don’t seem to realise this. The truth us, they seem to do okay financially themselves while the rest of us struggle to carry on with our day-to- day lives. So come on guys, let’s stop the strikes. Let’s try and have some meaningful debates and conversations about how we can sort this. We need to get the finances of the nation sorted out once and for all. Surely we should be celebrating the fact you can look good and be active and sexy at her age? Okay she may have had some cosmetic work, but surely that’s up to her? Just because we’re getting old, people want to behave as we always have. They need to move with the times. People should be free to make their own decisions, and maybe their own mistakes too. But being active and sexy as you get older is not a crime. While we’re on the topic, the BBC are a useless bunch of ignorant fools – that’s the management, by the way, not the ordinary staff. They seem to be wanting to get rid of everybody over the age of 50 – older established broadcasters and journalists – and sticking on people with no life experience, and no relationship with the audience. Come on BBC, when are you going to admit that your time is over?