Fleishman Is in Trouble first came out on FX in November 2022 with no word of when it was going to land in the UK. Thankfully, the wait is now over as the eight-episode series has arrived on Disney+. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the cast of Fleishman Is in Trouble. Toby might be successful in his career as a doctor but his personal life is far from it as he is newly divorced from his wife of 15 years, Rachel. She ghosts him, leaving Toby with the responsibility of looking after their two children as he adjusts to the single life and dating apps. Actor Jesse Eisenberg famously played the founder of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg in The Social Network. He has also been in Zombieland, Now You See Me and Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall Arguably actress Claire Danes' most significant role to date was as Carrie Mathison in the Channel 4 thriller Homeland. She has also been in Romeo + Juliet with Leonardo Dicaprio, Stardust and, most recently, The Essex Serpent with Tom Hiddleston on Apple TV+. Danes is behind Rachel, Toby's ex-wife who works at a talent agency with him blaming her dedication to the job as part of the reason for the failure of their marriage. She disappears following the divorce but could there be another reason why she leaves so abruptly? Libby is one of Toby's oldest friends with who he used to be very close before his marriage to Rachel. He reaches out following the divorce and sees that she is going through her own difficult time. Actress Lizzy Caplan was gothic teen Janis Ian in Tina Fey's comedy movie Mean Girls. Bar this, she has been in Party Down, Masters of Sex, Castle Rock, Now You See Me 2 and is also the narrator in Fleishman Is in Trouble. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [THEORY]Sky Stream: The 5 things that Sky never told tell you [EXPLAINER]Pirates of the Caribbean star Orlando Bloom teases comeback [CAST] Unlike Toby and Libby, Seth decided not to get married and have children, enjoying his single lifestyle to the fullest. When big things start to happen in his friends' lives though, it does make him begin to reflect on his own position. Actor Adam Brody has starred in Promising Young Woman, DC's Shazam, Mrs America, Burning Love and the horror film Jennifer's Body. He first rose to fame through the teen drama The OC as Seth Cohen. Actor Josh Radnor is best known for playing Ted Mosby in the sitcom How I Met Your Mother and has been seen in Prime Video's Hunters. In the drama, Radnor plays Adam, Libby's husband who is frustrated that she's paying more attention to Toby than her own family. Other cast members include: Archer Sylvan - Christian Slater Sam Rothberg - Josh Stamberg Cyndi Leffer - Joy Suprano Nahid - Mozhan Marnò Alejandra Lopez - Juani Feliz Fleishman Is In Trouble is available to watch on Disney+.