MLS expansion side St Louis City SC had a night to remember in their inaugural match against Austin FC - and they even received a comical gift of a goal to help them on their way to a dramatic 3-2 win. St Louis has long been pushing for a place in the MLS, dating back to 2008. They finally got their wish in April 2019 when the MLS announced plans to expand the league to 30 teams and just a few months later it was confirmed that St Louis had been approved as a new expansion team. That long wait for their first MLS match was finally realised on Saturday night in their official launch as a top-flight side. And the match itself proved to be one of the most eventful opening games in MLS history. Tim Parker etched his name in history as he scored St Louis City's first MLS goal to give his side a 1-0 lead midway through the first half. But Austin FC struck back either side of half-time to go ahead in the 72nd minute. St Louis City then rallied back in the dying minutes with Jared Stroud levelling the match once again before Brazilian striker Joao Klauss grabbed the winner at the depth.  It proved to be a historic night for the MLS' newest side, but it was Stroud's equaliser that caught the attention of millions watching for the comical events that led to it. Stroud, who spent two years Austin before being traded to St Louis back in November, was standing inside the opposition box while Kipp Keller was on the ball. Under no real pressure, Keller appeared to intentionally pass straight to Stroud, who took just two touches before finishing past Brad Stuver. Keller stood motionless with his hands on his head after realising his catastrophic error and it even led the game commentator perplexed, who went on to explain the offside rule. The commentator said: "It's a horrible mistake. Great here from Keller, as he looks to pass the ball back and Stroud - yes he's in an offside position but it's a deliberate play from Keller.  "So given that, Stroud then - it's fair play. He's onside and doesn't he take this well. Against his old club. He's got all the time in the world." Keller was selected fifth overall by Austin FC in the 2022 MLS SuperDraft after the defender signed a Generation Adidas contract. St Louis City SC head coach Bradley Carnell was ecstatic after the match, praising his team's efforts. “Very proud of this group,” he said. “To come here and leave with three points. I don't think there's many greater things.”