Homes across the UK who have direct relationships with their electricity supplier are set to receive a non-repayable £400 payment across six instalments, through the Energy Bills Support Scheme. The plan comes as part of the Conservative Government's £37billion cost of living support package. But some 900,000 households who don't have the same relationship with suppliers will be required to apply for one-off payment of £400 - which will come directly from their local authority through the Energy Bills Support Scheme Alternative Funding. This includes people who live in park homes, houseboats, off-grid and care homes, or those paying their energy bills as part of an all-inclusive rental agreement with their landlord. The UK Government has confirmed that the application portal for the Energy Bills Support Scheme Alternative Funding is due to open later this month, along with a dedicated helpline to assist customers without online access. The Government estimates suggest that there are 17,000 households on heating networks and 85,000 that live in park homes. READ MORE: British Gas is offering customers £250 free credit to help with bills - can you claim? Some 29 million households across Great Britain are already receiving monthly discounts through the £400 Energy Bills Support Scheme (EBSS). Mr Stuart told MPs: “The EBSS alternative funding sounds simple, but it is not. It is a novel scheme with ambitious timescales. “It is a complex cohort with a range of different energy arrangements, including off grid, direct to commercial and via intermediaries. “When we were looking at February delivery for the portal, I challenged it. A few days ago, I met the four pilot local authorities, which are across the devolved nations of Great Britain, to talk about the situation. READ MORE: So grateful': Widow relieved to discover she can claim extra £10,000 a year from DWP “We must make sure that we sort out all those complexities because, if we do not get it right first time, the pilot authorities say it would delay payments to consumers. “My priority is to get funding to people as quickly as possible.” The Energy Bill Support Scheme is a £400 discount, administered by energy suppliers, which will be paid to consumers over six months with payments starting from October 2022, to ensure households receive financial support throughout the winter months. Households will see a discount of £66 applied to their energy bills in October and November, rising to £67 each month from December through to March 2023. The non-repayable discount will be provided on a monthly basis regardless of whether consumers pay monthly, quarterly or have an associated payment card. Those with a domestic electricity meter point paying for their energy via standard credit, payment card and direct debit will receive an automatic deduction to their bills over the six month period – totalling £400. Traditional prepayment meter customers will be provided with Energy Bill discount vouchers from the first week of each month, issued via SMS text, email or post, using the customer’s registered contact details. These customers will need to take action to redeem these at their usual top-up point, such as their nearest local PayPoint or Post Office branch.