Whether you like to wear a bold colour or prefer more muted nude shades, many products naturally enhance the shape and texture of the lips. But while the plumping effects of lip products are considered a benefit for thinner, mature skin, a beauty expert has warned that some lipsticks can make dryness and wrinkles more prominent. She shared the specific finishes to avoid if you want to look younger. In a recent video posted on her YouTube channel, makeup artist Ali Andreea shared the lipstick mistakes made by people with mature skin. Along with several other common makeup mishaps, Ali noted that certain shades and finishes in some lipsticks can "emphasise" signs of ageing around the mouth. She said that while knowing the shades to avoid for your skin is "different for everyone", people with ageing concerns like herself should steer clear of shimmery finishes. Ali explained: "For me, it would be frosty lipsticks. I don't who would look good with this. In what world would anyone look good with this?" READ MORE: Makeup expert shares mascara tips that will 'reduce signs of ageing' In addition to pale, shimmery shades with a "frosted" finish, the Paris-based makeup artist recommended avoiding metallic shades too. She said that while "most people won't agree", creamy lipsticks with a subtle shine or flecks of glitter in the pigment are not flattering - particularly on mature lips. While demonstrating her point with a berry-pink metallic product, Ali said: "For me, metallic lipsticks are just a no-no. "My lips look like I've been smoking for 20 years. It's not the colour, it just emphasises the natural wrinkles that we have on our lips." DON'T MISS...The 'crucial' step to 'reduce the signs of ageing' [REVEAL]Doctor warns 'never skip' daily habit to 'reduce signs of ageing' [EXPERT]Grey hair tips for a 'confident and sexy' look [INSIGHT] Though she recommended sticking to non-shimmery, matte finishes, there is still a way to add a "beautiful shine" back to your lips. The makeup artist noted that instead of using frosted or metallic lipsticks you can use a plain shade for the colour and then "just add gloss" over the top, adding "it's that simple!" Another thing Ali pointed out was that certain muted shades can also be problematic for mature complexions. She said: "One thing that doesn't work for most of us after a certain age are statement nude lipsticks, with no lip liner. READ MORE: Five Chinese zodiac signs most likely to be rich "Lip liner we all know adds structure to your lips but when you apply nude lipsticks, it takes the life away from your face immediately. "I believe that after a certain age if you're not applying something that has a pinch of pink or peach and a little bit of shine, I just think it looks completely dull and adds unnecessary years again." Instead, the beauty expert suggested finding a pink-toned nude that is slightly darker than your natural lip colour. This could have pink, purple, red or peach undertones for a flushed look. Ali said that for a light nude lip, you can use a lighter shade all over the lip and then take a darker pink lipstick over the top. One of her favourite products is Honolulu Honey by Nars, followed by a touch of a darker shade like Rose Ink in the shade Persuasive. She recommended patting the darker colour onto the centre of your lips and a little bit on the cupid's bow for a more "alive" look. Ali concluded that reintroducing the pinker shade on top combats the loss of colour elsewhere on the face as you age including in the lips and cheeks.