Following news of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine a year ago, Sir Brian May posted on his social media that one day Queen would perform there again. He wrote at the time: “To all our dear friends in Ukraine, we are shocked, horrified, saddened that your beautiful country has been invaded and your very lives threatened. We send out love and our prayers. And someday we will rock together again. Bri.” The guitar legend famously performed in the wartorn country alongside Roger Taylor and Paul Rodgers in 2008 and again in 2012 with Adam Lambert as singer. Now a year on since the conflict commenced and Queen are calling on fans to help raise money for refugees as they enjoy watching the full two hour recording of the Queen and Paul Paul Rodgers concert. Sir Brian posted on Instagram this afternoon: “QUEEN LOVE for UKRAINE. It’s awful to realise that, a year later, Putin’s despicable attack on the innocent men women and children of Ukraine is still going on. We send our love. And this video memento of our wonderful time rocking together is still up on YouTube - raising money to support our friends in Ukraine. Queen + Paul Rodgers Live In Ukraine 2008 You Tube Special - still live in aid of the international effort to bring relief to Ukraine. Please make your donations to: UNHCR - The UN Refugee Agency.” Roger added: “We will continue to raise funds in support of Ukraine. Donations to @refugees.” Captioning a previous post of the Queen and Paul Rodgers concert, Sir Brian wrote: “So many great memories of great times in Ukraine…our unforgettable show night in Freedom Square, Kharkiv in 2008. It seems unbelievable that the peaceful life of Ukraine could be so senselessly shattered in the 21st century. And it feels unbearable that the world could just watch and let it happen. We are all praying for peace for you, dear friends. Bri." Queen and Paul Rodgers kicked off their Rock the Cosmos Tour in Kharkiv, Ukraine back in September 2008. The band had been approached to help the country’s Elena Pinchuk AntiAids Foundation reach out to their youth. Performing in Kharkiv’s Freedom Square, the band played to over 350,000 Ukrainians and at least 10 million watching at home. A double live album and concert movie of the performance was recorded during that incredible night. READ MORE: Brian May: ‘We didn’t want Queen without Freddie until Paul Rodgers’ Brian and Roger Taylor would return to Ukraine in 2012 to perform in Kyiv for their first-ever full live show with Adam Lambert. The trio famously went on after Elton John at the Let's Stop AIDS together awareness charity gig. Performing to an audience of over 350,000, the show was an incredible success and the start of a great collaboration for Queen and Adam Lambert. Here’s hoping that when the conflict ends the band truly will be able to rock with Ukrainian people once again.