In her latest Instagram post, Queen Rania shared three photos - one of herself, one of herself and her husband, King Abdullah II, and one of a couple of bouquets of flowers. In the pictures, Rania was wearing a bespoke blue dress. In her social media photos, which she posted last Friday, February 24, Queen Rania wore a bespoke Bottega Veneta dress. The dress was the Bottega Venette Embellished Twill Midi Dress in Pale Blue. The garment was bespoke because of the colour - the original dress is currently on sale on Net-A-Porter for a huge £3,140. But only in black. The fashion retailer described the dress on its website, saying: "Bottega Veneta's dress is made from panels of lustrous silk-twill that come together to create a fitted waist. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures "Falling to a midi length, it has a deep V-neckline and relaxed long sleeves, which can be rolled up and held in place by burnished gold-tone buttons." The colour of Rania's dress was summery, and better suited to warmer climates than black. She matched this dress with a pair of Gianvito Rossi heels. These were the 'Gianvito 105' Fumo Grey Suede Pumps. The Italian shoe designer is popular among royal circles and European royals from Queen Letizia of Spain to Queen Maxima of the Netherlands have multiple pairs of its heels. Interestingly, Rania's grey pair are also owned by four other royals: Queen Mathilde, Queen Maxima, Crown Princess Mary, and Princess Madeleine. Rania's hair was styled in natural waves over her shoulders and she wore minimal make-up. The Queen of Jordan has been busy in recent days, and, on Wednesday, February 22, she visited the Ghor Al Safi Women's Society for Social Development. For the occasion, the royal wore a cream pussy-bow blouse, with a black and gold-embroidered wasitcoat and matching skirt. READ MORE: Princess Amalia suffers 'body shaming' during tour - a look at diet She accessorised this with a gold belt that royal fans hadn't seen before, despite it being introduced to clothing rails in 2015. It was a past season piece by H&M and Balmain. Rania also wore a pair of bespoke Jennifer Chamandi 'Lore 85' Black Suede Block Heel Pumps. The royal completed the look with a pair of yellow-gold earrings called the 'Spectrum' hoops by the jewellers Nikos Koulis. Rania's hair was in a rare updo - a low bun at the nape of her neck. The royal usually wears her hair down in waves. Royal fans were quick to comment on Rania's elegant and regal black and gold look, with many praising the Queen. Instagram user @mydocuments_ wrote: "I am late to the post but this ensemble has to be commented on. This might be one of the best things Queen Rania has ever worn. She looks so beautiful." User @vcp214 said: "Gorgeous! These are some of my favorite style of shoes she wears and I think I like them more with the block heel." User @cattym63 added: "Elegant and beautiful in this traditional look. I love the sunny earrings."