Good Morning Britain presenter Kate Garraway defended the Tom Jones hit Delilah after it was banned from Welsh rugby stadiums after years as the teams' signature song. As a debate on the ITV programme began, Kate questioned the backlash to the song, which tells the story of a man killing his lover. Many now say the words promote and celebrate abuse and violence against women, and while some fans agreed with Kate the cancellation is an overreaction, several others accused her of demonstrating "ignorance and privilege". The debate saw Kate, co-host Ben Shephard and former Labour politician and home secretary Jacqui Smith commenting on the sudden backlash. "You said always that you've never liked this song," Ben pointed out to Jacqui. "No, I went to see Wales play, you know, I mean, who doesn't love to see Wales play rugby," she replied. "But I absolutely hated the bit where they sang it, both the choir and then the crowd." READ MORE: BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up Jacqui continued: "It is explicitly celebrating somebody killing their wife or partner." "Is it though?" Kate argued, to which Jacqui responded: "Yes." The presenter continued: "So, look the lyrics are very specific. "One of them that I've never heard before and I've heard this so many times. "It's, you know, 'She stood there laughing Delilah. I felt the knife in my hand and she laughed no more.' "But I always thought it was a song about a heartbroken man who's witnessed his love having an affair." "No..." Jacqui replied before Kate added: "But the violent repercussions pass us by. "But is there something wrong about having a song commenting on that, or is it the way it's used that you object to?" DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid 'angrily shouts' at GMB producers over mistakes [LATEST]Good Morning Britain fans 'switch off' over 'smug' guest [VIDEO]Striclty Come Dancing pro opens up on relationship with 'wife' co-star [EXCLUSIVE] Jacqui explained: "I feel uncomfortable. You said earlier on, Ben, 'Oh well you know it was written 50 years ago.' "I mean I'm sorry, 50 years ago men were killing their partners, they still are today!" Some viewers blasted Kate's arguments, with Twitter user @BrianDarqknite writing: "@benshephard @kategarraway defending a song about violence towards women. "That's what ignorance and privilege looks like. It was a song that was written 50 years ago, what a ridiculous answer. Garraway following her paymasters #gmb @Jacqui_Smith1 called them out." @DowntrodAgain added: "#GMB Who are these people who didn't understand what the song 'Delilah' is about? Have they no ears?" @BarrieByTheSea shared: "Well said @Jacqui_Smith1 on #goodmorningbritain #gmb. "I obviously watch and enjoy the show but yes @benshephard & Kate are part of the media sensationalist 'Gotcha' culture sometimes." Others agreed with Kate though, like @bryzee131 who argued: "#GMB Ben & Kate discussing Delilah by Tom Jones, of course it's about a man's jealousy, but why isn't the song golden brown by the stranglers, which is about heroin use any different. Songs are storytelling it's not promoting anything." @Kimberl57475746 fumed: "Trying to ban a song to make the WRU look good they're only trying to deflect the issues that is going on with all their allegations. They should be concentrating on the matter at hand and not create a problem that has never been an issue before." @mrscarter22commented: "What a load of old tosh! Banning Tom Jones's "Delilah" from being sung! So are we banning the songs from "Grease" too? Have you listened to the words in some of those songs? It's just a song. Sheesh if a leaf blows past too quickly you can guarantee it'll trigger someone! #GMB." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.