Schemes under consideration are those which could include more paths in rural areas, new walking routes, and more inclusive street designs. The decision to emphasise the importance of women’s safety comes after a study by the Office for National Statistics found only half of women felt unsafe walking after dark in a quiet street near their home. The government agency Active Travel England is trying to increase the number of bids from outside London. Active travel commissioner and former Olympic cyclist, Chris Boardman, said: “Active travel is convenient, cheap, low-carbon and health-giving. It’s a choice we need to make to ensure everyone has. “Sometimes it only takes relatively small changes, such as crossings on school routes or convenient places to park a bike, to give us the option to walk, wheel, or ride.” READ MORE: Cyclists warned of Highway Code rule that could lead to £2,500 fines   Although the funding has been welcomed by charities and local authorities, the bidding process has been criticised. Critics have said the bids councils will have to put together to win some of the funding will be costly. Transport spokesman for the Local Government Association, David Renard, said: “Funding must be delivered to where it is needed the most, not based on costly competitive bids between areas.” Head of campaigns at Cycling UK, Duncan Dollimore, told the Guardian: “If the government wants to reach its own targets to increase levels of walking and cycling, it has to move from one-year competitive funding rounds to long-term and secure funding streams, giving councils the confidence and ability to plan and deliver connected networks of active travel routes.” Transport Secretary, Mark Harper, said: “This £200m investment for hundreds of upgraded routes and paths across the country will help to reduce emissions, boost local economies and create jobs. “These new schemes will make it safer for children to walk to school and will better connect rural communities, helping more people choose active travel as an affordable and healthy way to get around.” In recent years, multiple studies have shown the benefits of increased levels of cycling and walking, with cycling shown to improve cardiovascular health. The hope is these new routes and improvements will help to make local areas safer and the bodies of those in those areas healthier.