Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has reportedly decided to leave Lazio and pursue a new challenge, with Arsenal in pole position to sign him in the summer. The Serbian midfielder is likely to move on at the end of the season after making his feelings clear to the Biancocelesti, who have counted him as a standout player since 2015. Milinkovic-Savic has spent the vast majority of his senior career at Lazio, scoring 64 goals in over 300 games. Regularly linked to the Premier League, the Gunners were rumoured to be eyeing up a January swoop before eventually shelling out £12million for Jorginho instead. Mikel Arteta may be keeping more ambitious plans for a midfield revamp on hold until the summer. West Ham captain Declan Rice is believed to be in the crosshairs, while Brighton would be more likely to part with Moises Caicedo than they were in January, when they turned down a £70m bid. Milinkovic-Savic is likely to represent a cheaper option than both, with his Lazio contract due to expire in 2024 and little prospect of him signing renewed terms in Italy. JUST IN: Arsenal fans gleefully thank rivals Tottenham for doing them a favour with Man City win According to Corriere dello Sport, the 27-year-old has made an 'irreversible decision' to leave the club, which almost certainly points towards a summer exit as the Italian giants seek to avoid losing out on one of their key players without recouping a transfer fee. Milinkovic-Savic's situation could present Arteta and sporting director Edu with a bargain opportunity. Lazio have previously demanded up to £100m for the 6ft 4in maestro, although it's now claimed that fetching even £44.5m in the summer could be overly ambitious. DON'T MISSPep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeatSpurs hero Kane and three others that did Conte proud in Man City winNewcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner It remains to be seen whether the Gunners follow through on their pursuit of Milinkovic-Savic, having supposedly taken the most concrete steps of any interested party. They may be forced to if Caicedo and Rice both slip through the net, with Chelsea believed to be interested in moving for both players. Arsenal are likely to be in a strong bargaining position come the end of the season, when they may well wade into the transfer market with the coveted status of Premier League champions. Arteta and co were let off the hook after losing to Everton on Saturday, as nearest challengers Manchester City fumbled to a 1-0 defeat at Tottenham to remain five points adrift.  "I want the team to know how much I love them," said the Spaniard after the final whistle. "I love them much more now than three hours ago, a week ago, a month ago, three months ago. It's very easy to be next to the players when they're winning and performing. "These are the moments when I love my players more and my staff more and we're going to stay together. This journey is going to be difficult and challenging and there's going to be big stones in the middle and we have to overcome that. Now we have to prepare the week really well to get to Saturday with the right emotional spirit to beat Brentford."