Leeds United boss Jesse Marsch was offered the chance to sign Manchester United defender Axel Tuanzebe on deadline day, it has been reported. The American saw four new signings arrive at Elland Road in January. Max Wober, Georginio Rutter, West McKennie and Diogo Monteiro all joined for the second half of the season. Now, as reported by The Athletic, Marsch was also given the opportunity by their English rivals to sign Tuanzebe, having loaned out Diego Llorente to AS Roma on the final day of the January transfer window. Despite Wober signing earlier in the window from RB Salzburg, Leeds could have benefitted from bringing in another right-sided defender, with Tuanzebe seen as a late option for the Elland Road side. Whilst Leeds and United have one of the fiercest rivalries in all of English football, the pair have often done business with one another, with the Whites recently signing Dan James from Old Trafford. MUST READ: Four options to replace Jesse Marsch at Leeds with Elland Road cheifs 'considering sack' Once dubbed as “unbelievable” by United team-mate and England international Luke Shaw, Tuanzebe’s career has gone in a direction that many didn’t expect, especially given how highly he was rated in his younger years. And for Leeds, Marsch might have made the right decision in passing up on the option to sign the 25-year-old. Tuanzebe instead completed a eadline ay move to Stoke City, with the defender yet to even feature under Erik Ten Hag. The deal was confirmed early on Tuesday, just hours after the transfer window in England shut. The last of Tuanzebe’s 37 senior appearances for United came in the 2020/21 campaign. Last season, he spent time at Aston Villa and Napoli, failing to settle at both sides. But Tuanzebe should soon slot in at Stoke, who are 18th in the Championship under Alex Neil. Leeds were previously urged to sack Jesse Marsch by former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan, who claims that the American manager "does not have the chops". Jordan has also tipped the Whites to become a top club again by making changes at boardroom level. "I think Leeds are within a new ownership model of becoming a very significant, competing club again," he told talkSPORT. "Leeds are a management decision away from being a bigger football club because I don't think Jesse Marsch has got the chops. Ultimately, Leeds are going to have to spend more money than they're currently spending."