Period drama Bridgerton may be a prime example of a recent TV bodice-ripper, but the female cast’s tight and restrictive clothing has reportedly been causing all sorts of trouble behind-the-scenes. After health and safety concerns, Netflix will now be removing corsets for good for their staple historical romance as well as their other period dramas. The cast of Bridgerton has been informed they are now allowed to wear their own underwear to ensure filming is as comfortable as possible. Female cast members like Adjoa Andoh and Nicola Coughlan would have previously had to wear restrictive corsets for hours on end while filming the series. Thankfully, this will no longer be the case from the third season onwards thanks to a new mandate from Netflix’s higher-ups. According to the Sun, Bridgerton’s producers have confirmed corsets are now “banned” due to complaints of short and long-term damage. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall “There were health and safety concerns about keeping women in a pinching corset for weeks at a time,” a source has said. “Many stars have reported bruising and even breathing problems.” Netflix execs have reportedly admitted it’s “not great optics” to promote the unrealistic waist size and body standards the corset suggests. “It may well have been reflective of the time, but broadcasters and streamers want to be seen as progressive,” the source added. “It's a big moment in the history of the period drama.” The corset has been a staple of period films and TV shows and continues to be used for dramas like Outlander and Sanditon. However, it appears all series being produced by Netflix will no longer be using the iconic garb despite being commonplace around the 18th and 19th Centuries. Season two newcomer Simone Ashley, who portrayed Kate Sharma, is the latest cast member to go on the record with her costume complaints. She described the corsets as “interesting” before she revealed she had to be helped into her costume because she couldn’t bend over to put on her shoes. DON'T MISS:House of the Dragon’s Ser Qarl ‘alive’ as season 2 return teased [EXCLUSIVE]NCIS Hawaii fans ‘freaking out’ as Lucy returns in new promo [VIDEO]Kevin Costner’s lawyer hits back at claim star ‘delaying’ Yellowstone [COMMENT] The waist-cinching outfit also made things challenging when she tried to fuel up for a long day’s shooting with a large salmon lunch. “That’s when I needed to be sick, basically because I was wearing the corset,” she told Glamour. “I realised when you wear the corset, you just don’t eat. It changes your body. “I had a smaller waist very momentarily. Then the minute you stop wearing it, you’re just back to how your body is.” “I had a lot of pain with the corset, too - I think I tore my shoulder at one point!” Bridgerton’s period-accurate fashion may help things look authentic, but the cast should be much more comfortable thanks to Netflix’s new change. The corset ban could also have a wider effect on the industry as a whole if other networks and streamers decide to follow suit. Express.co.uk has contacted Netflix for comment. Bridgerton seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.