Kate shared a new video promoting the Shaping Us campaign she launched on Tuesday. The Princess of Wales donned a blue dress and golden hoop earrings as she stepped into the spotlight again to highlight the outstanding impact the teachings, upbringing and experiences during the first five years of life have on the development of adults. In this video, the Princess was joined by several A-listers who are backing her new campaign, which is aimed at further deepening Britons' understanding of early childhood development and shaping relevant policy-making. The line-up appears to have been carefully selected as all of the celebrities have been champions of mental health. Opening the clip, Kate said: "We often don't realise it, but many aspects of our lives today have their roots in early childhood." She was followed by Giovanna Fletcher, who two years ago hosted Kate in a special episode of her Happy Mum, Happy Baby podcast to discuss the importance of the early years as well as motherhood and "mum guilt". The I'm A Celebrity graduate said: "How we form relationships." Broadcaster Fearne Cotton who is outspoken on mental health also joined in the clip and, speaking from her home, she said: "How we protect our mental health." Arsenal Women player Leah Williamson, who recently revealed she almost quit the sport due to the mental pressure she was under, added: "How we manage our emotions." The football player was followed by DJ and musician Jax Jones, who said: "How we cope with stress." Broadcaster and former rugby player Ugo Monye added: "How we see ourselves." Love Island's former participant Zara McDermott also appeared in the video, saying: "How we learn." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry accused of 'having own agenda' Finally, rapper and mental health campaigner Professor Green added: "How we love." Kate reappeared on the screen to end the clip, and said: "Which is why our early childhood shapes the adults we become." Since its launch, the Shaping Us campaign has been heavily promoted by Kate, who on Tuesday stepped out in Leeds to speak with students, business people and locals about their experiences with the early years. Prior to her engagement, she had also appeared in a video released on Tuesday morning in which she explained what Shaping Us consists of. Kate said: "Our early childhood, the time from pregnancy to the age of five, fundamentally shapes the rest of our lives. "But as a society we currently spend much more of our time and energy on later life. "Today, the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood is launching a new campaign, Shaping Us, to raise awareness of the life changing impact we can have when we build a supportive, nurturing world around children and those who care for them. "Because by focusing our collective time, energy and resources on those most preventative years, we can make a huge difference to the physical and mental health and happiness of generations to come."  A few hours prior to this video statement, the Prince and Princess of Wales' Twitter account released a 90-second claymation film focused on the first years in the life of a girl named Layla. The touching, brief film showed the child's experiences from her birth to her fifth birthday, including being cuddled, playing and going to nursery school. A statement by Kensington Palace said of the film: "In the film, we see Layla navigate her way through various experiences as a newborn, a toddler and young child, with the help of those around her. "The film shows how her interactions with people and places— from her parents’ cuddles, to a reassuring arm on her shoulder from a nursery teacher and supportive cheer from a swimming teacher—stimulate her brain and development."