Boxing manager Adrian Clark says that Anthony Joshua looks ‘amazing’ under new trainer Derrick James. Joshua is currently out in the United States preparing with James for his upcoming clash against Jermaine Franklin. The Watford powerhouse acquired the services of the 2017 Ring Magazine trainer of the year after parting ways with previous lead Robert Garcia. Joshua and Garcia had only been working together for four months before the split. The pair linked up prior to AJ’s second fight with Oleksandr Usyk in August but after coming up short again, Joshua announced that he would be touring America in search of a new coach. Joshua is understood to have visited Virgil Hunter and James, opting to go with the latter. Reports had flown around for weeks that James was heading up Joshua’s next camp but that wasn’t officially confirmed until a press release for the Franklin fight on Monday spilt the beans. James is the mastermind behind the successes of modern greats Errol Spence Jr and Jermell Charlo. He will be hoping he can reap similar rewards with Joshua. And according to Clark, those wheels appear to be in motion with the Brit looking extremely fast and mobile after only a few weeks with James. "I wish and it's something I've AJ and Derrick, I wish he would have captured Derrick in his 20s, just the way he looks now, and he's only been there a couple of weeks,” he told Tha Boxing Voice. “But man, it's crazy to see someone that big move that fast and he looks amazing with Derrick.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Tyson Fury already has next bout after Usyk clash pencilled in Fury makes chilling 'ambulance' comment in scary warning to Paul Joshua 'wasting people's time' as Jermaine Franklin backlash rages on When asked about how AJ is settling into life across the pond, James, who has been around for much of the camp said: “Real cool dude, I didn’t think he’d be as cool as he’s been given that he is a megastar in the sport. You know, he’s coming to a new city, a new trainer and a new environment. But he’s been really dope, his team is dope. "He looks great. I'm excited to see him on April 1 because it will show how much of a genius Derrick really is in boxing." Joshua squares off with Franklin on April 1 at the O2 Arena, London in the former unified heavyweight champion’s first outing in eight months. The Franklin bout is the inaugural step in a three-fight plan for 2023 which includes a summer showdown with Dillian Whyte and a blockbuster clash with either Deontay Wilder or Tyson Fury to close out the year.