Valtteri Bottas has opened up about his struggles in F1 as he admits he suffered from an "eating disorder" earlier in his career. Bottas has revealed he even sought the help of a psychologist as he struggled after making his F1 debut. The Finn accepts his eating and exercise became an “addiction” as he tried to mould his body shape. Lewis Hamilton’s former team-mate claims he also lived on a diet of steamed broccoli in a bid to drop his weight below what was required. He revealed that his body weight was around 73kg but his F1 bosses demanded he weighed at 68kg. This led him to push his body to extremes to meet the requirements in a bid to be competitive when he first joined the sport. Speaking to the Maria Veitola series, he said: “I trained myself to pain, physically and mentally. READ MORE: George Russell proved Valtteri Bottas wrong about Lewis Hamilton “No eating disorder was officially diagnosed, but it was definitely there. It wasn’t very healthy. I wanted to be the best, and I thought I had to do that. “If the team says that I have to weigh 68 kilos and I naturally weigh 73 kilos, then they will do everything for that. I needed a psychologist to help me recover, whose first assessment of me was that I’m almost like a robot who only wants to reach his goal and has no feelings at all. “It startled me. It’s true that at that time I had no other life than F1.” Bottas has opened up on also needing a psychologist after he was axed by Mercedes at the end of 2021. DON'T MISS Valtteri Bottas claims FIA 'want to control' drivers  [INSIGHT]Wolff provides update on new Hamilton contract - 'put heads together'  [COMMENT]Bottas makes drastic appearance changes with new mullet and moustache [PICS] He left the Silver Arrows for Alfa Romeo as Williams youngster George Russell took his place. The 33-year-old said it was a ”big threshold” to ask for outside help when you think you're a “tough guy”. He added: “A professional knows how to ask the right questions and open a lot of locks. I’m not the only one there who sometimes has a hard time.” Bottas has previously opened up about his mental health struggles, admitting that he got into a “bad state of overexertion” after making his debut in 2014. He explained: “I had to go on the scales every morning and evening, and it always had to show less and less - that gave me a good feeling." "First I had physical problems. I started to get tired really easily. Then I had sleep problems. I was up at 4am every morning, unable to sleep. Once you had the physical side drained out of your body, you start to run out of mental resources. My ex-girlfriend said at one point, 'Should you go to counselling or something? You're not yourself'. It was like I was a ghost of a guy. Nothing felt right."