Benfica head coach Roger Schmidt has aimed a swipe at Enzo Fernandez by insisting the Portuguese giants are "much bigger than any other player" following his record switch to Chelsea on transfer deadline day. The midfielder completed his £107million move in the final hour of the January transfer window to bring an end to the month-long saga. The 22-year-old has signed an eight-and-a-half-year contract to 2031 worth a reported £170,000-a-week after Chelsea finally agreed a deal with Benfica late on Wednesday following exhaustive negotiations in Lisbon. It came after Fernandez was absent from team training and didn't feature in their 3-0 win over Arouca as he waited for news of his move to the Premier League. That seemed to force Benfica back to the negotiating table after Chelsea made their second move on the penultimate day of the transfer window. Schmidt had previously hit out at the club's behaviour for unsettling Fernandez after failing in their first £75m bid, but this time the German took a swipe at the central midfielder by indicating that Benfica would not suffer in his absence. READ MORE: Chelsea transfer window review - Record Fernandez deal and £300m spent "It's always difficult to lose a good player in the winter market, but today we showed that we are a good team without him, that we are capable of playing good football without him, that the players are focused on getting the most points, to be champions," he told reporters. "Benfica is much bigger than a player. We just need players who are happy to play for Benfica, who are passionate. "We had a player who wanted to leave and a club willing to pay the clause, we couldn't do anything. We accepted and looked into it." DON'T MISSChelsea star Hakim Ziyech left stranded in Paris after computer crashMan Utd 'fighting Chelsea' for Sofyan Amrabat as Barcelona pull outChelsea stance on hijacking Man Utd's Marcel Sabitzer transfer A deal was agreed that will see Chelsea pay a British record amount of £107m (€121m) across three payments, with £40m being paid up front to the Portuguese club. Benfica were then forced to hand 25 per cent of the sale to his former club River Plate, but still made. a huge profit on the £9m they spent to sign Fernandez only seven months ago. Fernandez, who won the Young Star of the Tournament award at the World Cup for his role in Argentina's triumph in Qatar, is the eighth arrival in an extraordinary month of new arrival at Stamford Bridge. He joins Mykhaylo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile, Malo Gusto, Noni Madueke, Andrey Santos, David Datro Fofana and loan signing Joao Felix in the group of new signings. And their latest capture takes Chelsea's spending to nearly £300m in January alone and to just under half a billion since Todd Boehly took control in May last year.