Police forces across the UK have been warned more than two-thirds of the drones they use are built by a Chinese firm blacklisted in the United States. Home Secretary Suella Braverman is understood to be concerned at the possibility Beijing may try and use the kit to gather intelligence on the West - and is urging vigilance. The revelation comes at a time of rising concern after four objects - including a weather balloon known to be Chinese in origin - were shot down over North America. Fraser Sampson, the Home Office’s surveillance commissioner, has headed up a task force headed by security minister Tom Tugendhat to review the contracts Britain’s various police forces have with the company. A Home Office insider told the Daily Telegraph: “The Home Secretary would want the police to ensure all their data is secure and not vulnerable to any interference by a foreign state. “She does have concerns about the use of Chinese technology here in the UK, and will continue to work to keep the British people safe.” The use of police drones hit the headlines during the COVID-19 lockdown in 2020. Derbyshire Police faced significant criticism for releasing drone footage of people walking in the Lake District. At the time, former Justice Minister David Gauke commented: “This is badly misjudged. People should maintain social distancing, which is what these people are doing. “ We need to maintain public support for fundamental behaviour change which requires the authorities to focus on genuinely bad behaviour.” JUST IN: Putin plots downfall of Wagner chief Prigozhin The White House yesterday defended the shootdowns of three unidentified objects in as many days even as it acknowledged that officials had no indication the objects were intended for surveillance in the same manner as the high-altitude Chinese balloon that traversed American airspace earlier this month. The three objects, including one shot down Sunday over Lake Huron, were traveling at such a low altitude as to pose a risk to civilian air traffic, said White House national security spokesman John Kirby. While the Biden administration does not yet have evidence that they were equipped for spying purposes - or even belonged to China - officials have not ruled that out, he said. Mr Kirby added: “These were decisions based purely and simply on what was in the best interests of the American people.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT] The former chief of air staff has said suspected Chinese spy balloons are "an irritation" but "it would be very useful to find out what's actually in them before we get too excited". Air Chief Marshal Sir Michael Graydon told Nick Ferrari on LBC radio: "To go back to your question, how concerned are we, until we know what's actually in them they're an irritation, certainly, and it's highly likely it's got some spy equipment on it but it would be very useful, wouldn't it, to find out what's in it before we get our knickers to much in the twist on that." Asked why China would bother with surveillance balloons when it already has "260 spy satellites", he said: "It's a very good question. “That's been sort of exercising my mind, what they are getting from a balloon that they can't get from other sources is not clear to me at all, and probably we have enough information available from satellites which they are able to get on to, and frankly using Google and all the rest of it, would give them an awful lot of information. "I think possibly there's opportunity to listen in to certain things that they might not be able to do so easily."