Limescale buildup in your shower head can reduce water flow and even cause the nozzles in your shower head to clog. This can often result in water sputtering all over the shower and even onto the bathroom floor. Limescale is a hard, chalky substance that mainly consists of calcium carbonate. It can often be found inside kettles, around taps and on shower doors. Banishing limescale can be difficult but luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing limescale from shower heads. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: First time buyer's dramatic transformation of tired Victorian terrace On one such group, social media user Susan Myers posted on Facebook: “Could anyone suggest how to clean a shower head, mine has gone black in the holes where the water comes out? I've tried bleach but it didn't work.” The post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans but the most suggested solution was to use white vinegar and a plastic bag. Maureen Beckett Morgan said: “Put the head in a plastic bag with water, white vinegar and a limescale liquid of some sort.” Sharon Kardosh replied: “I did mine recently with white vinegar. I tried the branded stuff first thinking it would be easier but it didn't work. Is the top a fixed head or a hose? DON'T MISSBanish algae from patios and paving without ‘scrubbing’ [INSIGHT]‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [UPDATE]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [ANALYSIS] “I unscrewed the fixed top bit, soaked it in a bowl of vinegar overnight then wiped it over and it's as good as new. “For the hose bit, I put a jug of white vinegar in the shower and stood the head bit in it, came up clean really quickly, I was totally amazed.” Kathleen Hanlon commented: “Put some white vinegar in a freezer bag, put the shower head in, tie [it] with an elastic band and leave it for a while then rinse.” Gloria Clarkson-Wanders said: “I put mine in a plastic bag with vinegar. Cleans limescale and black gunge.” Vanessa Rodway replied: “White vinegar in a polythene bag wrapped around the shower head with an elastic band. Leave 15-20 minutes, it dissolves limescale.” READ MORE: 'Vanquish caked-on debris' in your oven with one dishwasher tablet Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Rita Waldroup agreed with the previous comments and posted: “Vinegar in a baggy tied to the shower head to soak.” White vinegar can be bought from most supermarkets or online. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray costs £1.50 for 750ml. Stardrops White Vinegar Multi-Purpose Cleaning Spray costs 99p. Mireco White Vinegar Lime Power costs £1 from Savers. Vinegar is acidic which means it breaks down the calcium carbonate that limescale is made from. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using lemons, Steradent tablets, citric acid, limescale cleaner, mould and mildew sprays and Harpic. Debra Readshaw commented: “Why not try a lemon cut in half? Place it on the shower head, keep squeezing it then wipe clean.” Patricia Phillips replied: “Soak the shower head overnight in a couple of Steradent tablets - [it] works wonders.” Christine Jones Collum said: “Mould and mildew spray. I use the Dettol one, great job.” Tina Tanswell suggested: “Dismantle the head and pop it into the sink with a descaler. Leave for five minutes and then brush with a toothbrush. Flush through with warm water.” Tina Chand Varsani said: “Get a bag, put some citric acid in there, hot water and stick the head in. Leave it to soak for a while - should do the trick.” Mandy Mills wrote: “I use Harpic Black on mine. Take the shower head off and soak it.” Caroline Dickinson responded: “Mould and mildew spray by Astonish in Home Bargains. I use it all the time and it works wonders.”