One of the conditions which Attendance Allowance could help with is arthritis and joint pain. The NHS states arthritis or other joint conditions affect millions of people in the UK, albeit in different ways. The two most common types of arthritis are osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. The benefit is designed to assist with extra costs for those of state pension age with a disability or condition severe enough that they require help or supervision. Arthritis is a common condition that causes pain and inflammation in a joint. Across Great Britain, millions of people have arthritis or other, similar conditions that affect the joints. READ MORE: Instagrammer distraught after online scam saw him and his followers lose £100,000  The symptoms of arthritis can vary, however, the condition can impact people and their daily lives severely. This can include joint pain, inflammation, restricted movement, weakness and muscle wasting - all of which can limit day-to-day activities. Other joint conditions include:Ankylosing spondylitisCervical spondylitisFibromyalgiaLupusGoutPsoriatic arthritisEnteropathic arthritisReactive arthritisSecondary arthritisPolymyalgia rheumatica. Attendance Allowance could therefore provide important help to support a person living with one or more of these conditions.   READ MORE: Dragons' Den investor shares 'most successful' business from show - turnover worth £33m It is not means-tested, meaning what a person earns or how much they have in savings will not impact what they get. Attendance Allowance is paid weekly at two different rates, and what someone gets is dependent on the level of help they need. People could get either £61.85 or £92.40 a week depending on the level of care they need because of their condition. This is paid every four weeks and works out at £247.40 and £369.60, respectively. Over 12 months, this could provide extra income worth £4,438.80. People can spend the money however they like and it could help them stay independent in their own home for longer. This might include paying for taxis, helping towards bills, paying for a cleaner or gardener. People should consider applying for Attendance Allowance if they have a disability or illness and need help or supervision throughout the day or at times during the night - even if they do not currently get that help. This might include:Help with their personal care - for example getting dressed, eating or drinking, getting in and out of bed, bathing or showering and going to the toiletHelp to stay safe Individuals should also consider applying if they have difficulties with personal tasks, for example if they take a long time, they experience pain or they need physical help, like a chair to lean on. Attendance Allowance is not just for people with a physical disability or illness. It includes mental health conditions, learning difficulties and a sensory condition - if they are deaf or blind.