Jenson Button has claimed Lewis Hamilton could walk away from F1 if Mercedes don't give him a car capable of winning. Mercedes struggled for pace last season with Hamilton unable to consistently challenge for race wins.  The 2009 champion admitted he quit the sport after realising he was uncompetitive at McLaren. However, the Briton has still tipped his compatriot to start the season “flat out” in a bid to overthrow Max Verstappen at the top. Button told Sky Sports: “It’s something we all go through in our careers, It’s a reason why a lot of people retire, they are not in a winning car anymore. That’s why I left. You can deal with the pressure you put yourself under and the calendar, if you are in a winning car. When you are not, it’s like ‘I’ve had enough, I want to get out’. “Mercedes have given him a winning car for so many years. Last year obviously didn’t but the car did win a race last year, so you would say at the end of the year they were strong. I think Lewis was on it, his performances were very consistent through mid-end of season, very very quick. I think he’ll start this year, flat out, he’s going to be on it from the word go.” READ MORE: Karun Chandhok joke as footage appears to show Lewis Hamilton problem Last week, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff confirmed the team had sat down with Hamilton to discuss an extension. However, he accepted there was no deadline on when Hamilton could put pen to paper on a contract. It is understood Hamilton wants a multi-year contract which may keep the Mercedes star in the sport until at least 2025. The 38-year-old is confident Mercedes can bounce back from their disappointing season as he praised the W14 after its debut run. The seven-time champion stressed he was “comfortable” in the car while team-mate George Russell revealed the new machine “felt good”. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's contract situation clearer after Mercedes statements [INSIGHT]Chandhok gives two reasons Red Bull have 'made themselves unpopular' [COMMENT]FIA cave to Lewis Hamilton on protest ban but sanctions still possible [ANALYSIS] Despite struggling last season, Hamilton has denied suggestions Mercedes will need to prove themselves capable of winning before he signs an agreement. He explained: “I don't feel like I need [the team] to prove [anything] to me. "We have proved time and time again over the years that we have strength in depth. We still have all these incredibly talented individuals within the team. You don't lose that ability. "We are continuing to try and improve our processes, we are containing to try and be smarter in how we approach things and with our communication.”