You don't have to go wild with a new colour or cut in order to take years off your age. Hair Expert Nicole Petty at Milk + Blush exclusively told Express.co.uk how older ladies can look younger instantly with an easy style. Nicole recommended the "sleek chignon" for ladies who want to look a little younger. She told Express.co.uk: "When it comes to styling your locks to look younger, you can't go wrong with a classic up-do." The chignon is a simple up-do which looks elegant and flattering while also taking no time to do. It's essentially a low bun or knot secured at the nape of the neck. In French, the words "chignon de cou" translate to "nape of the neck". READ MORE: Makeup expert shares simple tips for 'a wider, more awake eye'  Nicole explained why the chignon is a perfect style for women who want to shave years off their age. She suggested that it can give the illusion of a facelift - without the hefty price tag. "A sleek chignon pulls the hair off the face, tightening facial features and accentuating the eyes, eyebrows and cheekbones," she said. She gave step by step instructions on perfecting the hairstyle. All it requires is a handful of bobby pins. Nicole instructed: "Simply pull the hair off your face, secure it in a low ponytail at the nape of the neck. "Tease it slightly (at the crown), split it into two sections and loosely wrap the first section before securing it with a bobby pin. "Next, wrap the second section around the first section and secure it with another pin to create the bun shape. "Finish by adding extra pins and hairspray to keep the style in shape." READ MORE: 73-year-old model shares 'age defying beauty routine'  As well as giving the wearer an instant facelift, another great benefit of the chignon is that it is so versatile. It is a style that is fit for the red carpet or a trip to the supermarket. Nicole also gave Express.co.uk readers some tips on how to keep their hair hydrated for a more youthful look. She said: "As you get older, your hair slowly becomes drier, coarser and thinner. "That's because as hair follicles get smaller, sebum production declines - meaning the scalp produces fewer natural oils that keep the hair hydrated. "If you’re noticing big changes in your hair’s texture, you may need to switch up your haircare routine. "Incorporate more moisturising products, such as oils and hair masks, into your routine to keep frizzy hair at bay, visibly soften hair, and help maintain hair health. "You may also want to incorporate a glossing product to help bring back shine to your locks." Nicole Petty is a hair expert at Milk + Blush.