After his tearful exit in season three, fans have long questioned the prospect of seeing Charles Kensington (played by Marcus Rosner) make a jaw-dropping comeback to Hope Valley. The actor spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and addressed his potential return to When Calls the Heart.   When Calls the Heart is currently in its ninth season with its soon-to-be-released season 10 expected to premiere this year. After Jack’s death in the season five finale and with Elizabeth (Erin Krakow) currently engaged to Lucas Bouchard (Chris McNally), many raised questions about Charles. Express.co.uk asked Marcus his thoughts about potentially returning to Hope Valley and causing a stir. The actor responded: “I think the moment has come and gone, I got a lot of good friends on that show still and they’re chugging along with great success. READ MORE: BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness   Thrashing hopes, Marcus added: “It would be very hard to envision Charles back in town.” As for season 10 of When Calls the Heart, showrunner Brian Bird released a teaser clip of the highly anticipated instalment. Things were seeming tough for the mining community after Martin Cummins (played by Henry Gowen) blew up the coal mine to keep it from reopening, as the trailer showed Elizabeth taking notes at her desk. When it comes to romantic comedies, Marcus is a familiar face on screens, occasionally gracing the GREAT! Romance channel with a starring role.   As well as his work on the network, Marcus achieved recognition on Hallmark shows such as When Calls the Heart. During season two of the romance drama, he starred as Charles Kensington III, Elizabeth Thatcher’s childhood friend. Although Elizabeth only saw him as a longtime friend, Charles harboured romantic feelings for her. During his business trip to Hamilton, he visited the Thatcher family home, where Viola Thatcher (Devon Weigel) encouraged him to tell Elizabeth how he truly felt. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item [INSIGHT] Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck delivers huge update on Jesse Stone project [INSIGHT] 1000lb Sisters' Tammy Slaton 'blacked out' before arriving at hospital [INSIGHT]  Charles was also motivated to convince Elizabeth to move back to Hamilton to spend the rest of their days there together. After the pep talk, he travelled to Hope Valley and proposed to Elizabeth even though she was in a relationship with Jack Thornton (Daniel Lissing). However, this didn’t go as planned as she was shocked and turned him down, as a result, a heartbroken Charles left and was never seen again in the series. Although Marcus has yet to confirm his return to the drama, fans will be able to see him starring in other roles on the GREAT! Romance channel.     He revealed: “GREAT! romance is showing A Vineyard Romance,  a movie I starred in with Rebecca Olson and which was written and directed by my great friend Lucie Guest and was shot in a great place in British Columbia, Canada a couple of years back now. “It’s a very sweet movie about a wine-making family and we fall in love on a vineyard. “That film is very special because it has really beautiful vistas and shots which make the film so nice.”  When Calls the Heart season 10 premieres in July 2023 on the Hallmark Channel in the US and seasons 1-9 are available to stream on Amazon Prime in the UK.