Today marks 19 years since Manchester United were beaten 2-1 by Porto in the Champions League, with Benni McCarthy netting a brace against the Red Devils that day. However, while the South African’s exploits gave his side a crucial first leg lead, he was left ‘heartbroken’. And a hammering from Jose Mourinho didn’t exactly help either… Back in 2004, Manchester United locked horns with Porto in the Champions League looking to boost their chances of going all the way. However, while Quinton Fortune netted for the Red Devils, a brace from McCarthy gave the Portuguese giants victory instead. The ex-Porto star is currently a coach at United these days and has won plaudits for the way he’s improved Marcus Rashford, who has netted 24 goals across all competitions this term. Speaking to Four Four Two back in 2017, McCarthy opened up on his brace against the Red Devils - and admitted he was left ‘heartbroken’ after shooting Sir Alex Ferguson’s side down. “I support Man United and always wanted to play for them,” he said. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “I loved players like Mark Hughes, Andy Cole and Ryan Giggs. So I was heartbroken to score twice. “My dream was to score once at Old Trafford – not to knock United out. “I got hammered by Jose Mourinho after the game because I wasn’t very happy. He told me that if I didn’t cheer up, I’d never play in his team again.” McCarthy then opened up on what Mourinho said ahead of the second leg. “He said to keep the shape, keep it tight and prevent them from scoring – because if they score, we’re screwed,” he said. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “But if they manage to break us down and score, that’s when we attack and play against them like we played in Porto. If they don’t score, a 0-0 draw suits us fine. “United scored and we c****** ourselves, but before they could attack us again, we went full steam ahead. “I don’t think they’d been bullied like that. Ricardo Carvalho was exceptional; our defence was magnificent; “Nuno Valente kept Ronaldo at bay. We’d done our job and United were out. It was a great night for Porto, but a mixed one for me.” After dumping United out following a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford, Porto proceeded to win the Champions League. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They claimed the trophy after an emphatic 3-0 win over Monaco. Yet while McCarthy was delighted, along with the rest of his team-mates, there was also sadness because they knew Mourinho was leaving for Chelsea. “It was the greatest moment of our careers, yet the celebrations were odd because Mourinho wasn’t there,” continued the Red Devils coach. “He knew he was leaving for Chelsea; the club knew it, too. “Crucially, so did the fans, which meant death threats for him. “I thought he’d still celebrate, but I think Jose was worried about the safety of his family. “He threw his medal into the crowd and simply came to us one-on-one, told us it had been a pleasure and said goodbye. “He told a few of us that he wanted to take us with him.”