Lewis Hamilton was left perplexed by Toto Wolff's choice of footwear before Mercedes' all-new W14 challenger was revealed to the public for the very first time at Wednesday's launch event. The Silver Arrows have returned to a slick all-black livery for the 2023 campaign as they look to put last year's issues behind them by fighting Red Bull and Ferrari for the end-of-season honours once again. Hamilton and Wolff were both in attendance at Wednesday's event alongside fellow driver George Russell and new arrival Mick Schumacher, who has joined the team in a reserve capacity for the upcoming season. The Mercedes team principal left Hamilton bemused in a bizarre exchange just before the glitzy ceremony got underway as the 51-year-old admitted that he had pinched his shoes from the seven-time world champion just moments before the start of the event. "Ooh, nice new shoes," said Hamilton, before Wolff pointed at the 38-year-old and replied: "You know who these shoes are from." Hamilton was none the wiser and asked Wolff to explain before the latter said: "They forgot my shoes for the photoshoot, so I liked them. They were under your rack!" Wolff's hasty choice of footwear went down well with Hamilton, though, as he insisted that they were a better option than his usual shoes. He quipped: "It's a better look than the loafers." However, it seemed as though Russell was less than convinced, with the 25-year-old adding: "I liked the loafers." JUST IN: Hamilton and Russell will be worried as Mercedes chief rates W14 Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Mercedes will be able to return to the front of the F1 pecking order when the new season gets underway after a disappointing campaign in 2022, in which they could only manage a third-placed finish in the Constructors' Championship standings. Wolff later admitted that the Silver Arrows were unable to get to grips with the W13 in spite of their best efforts but insisted that he was optimistic about a positive change in fortunes with the all-new W14 over the course of the upcoming campaign. "Our hopes and expectations are always to be capable of fighting for a world championship," said the Mercedes boss. "However, our competitors were very strong last year, and we are playing catch-up. Racing at the front requires resilience, teamwork, and determination. "We face up to every challenge, we put the team first, and we will leave no stone unturned in the chase for every millisecond. This year, we are going all in to get back in front. Last year was difficult but it came with lots of learnings. "I hope 2023 will be proof that we have understood how to unravel the problems and improve the package of the car. The W13 certainly had performance which we never were able to unlock and put all its downforce on the ground. Our car performed very well at the end of the season. "However, we still had the famous bouncing at some circuits and the car never gave the drivers good feedback, which limited them in being able to really push. We have tried to keep all the goodness of the W13 and address its weaknesses." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.