Beyond Paradise is coming to BBC One and the Death in Paradise spin-off follows Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) and Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) in the next stage of their relationship. Each episode will explore a different case with episode one seeing Humphrey solve a perplexing case of attempted murder. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. The Death in Paradise star is making a comeback as the new series follows his new life away from Sainte Marie. Kris Marshall reprises his role and he said of the changes: "He left Saint Marie to join the Metropolitan Police so he could be with his girlfriend, Martha. "I think both of them found the pace of life in London and with the Metropolitan Police a bit daunting, a little too chaotic and crazy. "I think he prefers a more bucolic lifestyle, rather than the gritty backdrop of policing in London." Kris is a 49-year-old actor known for his roles in My Family, Love Actually and Citizen Khan.  Martha is also making a comeback as Humphrey's girlfriend as she pursues a dream of opening her own restaurant. Sally Bretton said of her return: "Martha and Humphrey are in the spare room at Martha’s mum's house - they don't have anywhere to live. "Humphrey hasn't started work at the local police station yet and Martha doesn’t have premises for this restaurant dream of hers. "They've landed and all these things need to happen; where will they live? Will they have the finances? You're right at the beginning of the journey with them." Sally is a 42-year-old actress known for her roles in Not Going Out and Green Wing. READ MORE: Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune After falling pregnant at 17, Esther felt like a failure but her life changed when she got a job as a Police Constable. She rose through the ranks quickly thanks to her devotion to her community. She is played by Zahra Ahmadi, a 41-year-old actress known for playing Shabnam Masood in EastEnders. Her other credits include Marcella, Innocent, Count Arthur Strong and Bellamy's People.  Anne is Martha’s mother in the series and she has always been a force to be reckoned with. Devastated by her husband’s recent death, she has embraced life in the community in order to fill the void. Actress Barbara Flynn said: "She's quite a jolly person. She's not overly accommodating. "She has a relationship with her daughter that is very interesting, special and real. It's beautifully drawn by the writing and has a reality to it that I've enjoyed." Barbara is a 74-year-old actress known for playing Freda Ashton in A Family at War. Margo is described as a tough cookie with a sharp tongue but her life of tragedy has left her vulnerable. She is played by Felicity Montagu, a 62-year-old actress best known for playing Alan Partridge's assistant, Lynn Benfield. The star said of her new role: "When I first read the script, she made me laugh - she is beautifully written. "The rhythm is beautifully brought together, and I immediately thought I could really play her with relish."  PC Kelby is naive having been raised by a doting mother who tended to his every need. Yet he is hardworking and dedicated and is certainly not stupid. He is played by Dylan Llewellyn, a 30-year-old actor known for playing James in Derry Girls. Fans may also recognise him as Martin from Hollyoaks and Jack in Big Boys. DON'T MISS... Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' Death in Paradise boss details change for Humphrey in spin-off Beyond Paradise star details 'hard time' during Death In Paradise Gwen is played by Montserrat Lombard, an English actress known for playing Sharon Granger in Ashes to Ashes. The 40-year-old is mostly known for her film roles but her other TV credits include Love Soup and Midsomer Murders.  Yvonne is played by Samantha Spiro, a 54-year-old English actress and singer. She is best known for playing Barbara Windsor in the stage play Cleo. Fans may also recognise her from Sex Education as Maureen Groff and Auntie Liz from Grandma's House. Other characters in episode one include: Ben Tyler (played by Davood Ghadami) Carol Meadows (Yasmin Akram) Sarah Dodds (Nina Singh) Josh Wood (Chris Jenks) Nurse Lucy (Eva Feiler) Sam (David Reed)  The official synopsis for episode one reads: "DI Humphrey Goodman and fiancée Martha Lloyd have left Saint Marie behind and having now also vacated London are temporarily living with Martha's mother. "As Martha sets out to pursue her dream of running her own restaurant, Humphrey joins the Devon police force and quickly makes an impression on its somewhat eclectic team. "As Humphrey throws himself into solving a perplexing case of attempted murder, he and Martha navigate life's ups and downs as faces from the past, the decisions they make and challenges of setting up a new life put their relationship to the test." The first season is made up of six episodes which will air weekly.  Beyond Paradise airs on BBC One on Fridays at 8pm.