Daniil Medvedev has sent his rivals an early warning with Indian Wells still more than two weeks away after lifting his 16th career title in Rotterdam. The 27-year-old had something of a disappointing 2022 season by his standards despite reaching No 1 in the world but has already been able to win a trophy this year and is hungry for more with the sunshine double around the corner. Medvedev defeated Jannik Sinner to win the title in Rotterdam on Sunday, marking his first of the season and 16th overall. It was a positive step for the former world No 1, who had dropped out of the world’s top 10 for the first time in more than three years following the Australian Open but managed to get back into the elite group with his victory at the ATP 500 event. It also allowed the world No 8 to win a title much earlier in the year than he did in 2022, when it took him until August to win the Los Cabos ATP 250 before lifting the Vienna Open trophy in October. And after getting his hands on a trophy less than two months into the 2023 season, Medvedev is now vying for more. “It’s great because it’s still the beginning of the year,” the world No 8 told the ATP after downing Sinner 5-7 6-2 6-2 in the final. “My third tournament of the year, and already a title. Last year I needed 12 tournaments or something like this. Beating great players, playing great here.” JUST IN: Raducanu stalker 'submits document' to have community service scrapped    Having bounced back so soon after falling out of the world’s top 10, the 27-year-old was hoping to keep his form up in future tournaments with the first two Masters of the season in Indian Wells and Miami kicking off next month. Medvedev continued: “Mentally it’s tough to come back after you [drop out] of the Top 10… “I’m just happy to find my form and am looking forward to the next tournament and hopefully I can continue in this way.” Medvedev also explained how he managed to defeat the young Italian to lift the title despite admitting that he “played worse” than the world No 12 at points in the match. DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz admits feeling 'guilty' after he beat Norrie to titleDjokovic calls sudden press conference as Indian Wells update expectedDjokovic spotted blasting out karaoke with Aston Villa icon “It was a very tough match, I would say mentally for both of us, I think,” he said after extending his record to 5-0 over Sinner. “Jannik was on top of me, especially in the first part of the first set. I managed to come back into the set even though, in my opinion, I was playing worse than him. Maybe that gave me some time to find my rhythm. “I started playing just a little bit more offensive on a few shots, and it managed to work well at the beginning of the second set. I just managed to continue pushing him mentally down until the end of the match.” 