Carl Fogarty is a retired motorcycle racer who is no stranger to reality TV himself, having won I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! back in 2014. He wished his daughter Claudia luck, but was inundated with messages from Twitter trolls who accused the Love Islanders of being "desperate for fame". Former King of the Jungle Carl was excited to see how Claudia would progress in South Africa, and he had written a heartfelt message telling her so. "Good luck to my daughter @claudiafogarty who makes her long awaited appearance on tonight’s @loveisland," he wrote on Twitter. However, the award-winning biker was quickly trolled by skeptical followers. "Awful programme promoting talentless people though," sneered one in response. READ NOW: Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady "Why are these kids so desperate for fame through a trashy programme?" another quizzed. Meanwhile, an Instagram user caustically quipped: "I wouldn't be advertising that." One impassioned follower added that he "really hoped" the news was a "joke", exclaiming: "I really can not believe that any beautiful young lady from the North would lower herself to join that fake scum show!" The majority of comments on Carl's account were negative, with some declaring that she had "no respect" for herself by appearing. However, one fan, @vicky.rap79, praised: "Good luck to your girl and well done for being a great role model of a dad and showing her support!" Claudia made a dramatic impression when she entered the villa on Tuesday, clad in nothing more than a bright red bodysuit and huge costume angel wings. Yet the glamorous beauty, who owns a fashion business with sibling Danielle named Sister Stories, didn't receive a warm welcome from everyone. Claudia is said to have promised her father she wouldn't get too "raunchy" in the villa or cause embarrassment with her on-screen antics, according to a source who spoke to The Sun. DON'T MISS... Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys [LATEST] Pregnant Gemma Atkinson lifts weights in gym despite growing baby bump [PICTURES] Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old [DEBATE]  Carl - who is more than three times more popular than his daughter on Instagram so far, with 103,000 followers to her 30,300 - is said to be hoping she increases her fame through the show. During her big entrance, Claudia was fitted with a heart monitor, along with the other girls, so that viewers could find out which of the boys might set her heart racing. She wasn't the only one to dress to impress either, and housemate Tom was equipped with black wings, so that he could play a "dark angel" on the night. Meanwhile, not only is her dad a seven times world champion in the biking world, but her sister Danielle is also associated with fame, having previously been engaged to X Factor star Jake Quickenden. She and Danielle currently run an online fashion store which aims to provide "high-end and premium brands for women in the heart of [Lancashire's] Ribble Valley". Claudia has used social media to promote a series of the glammed up outfits she sells, while also sharing an insight into her jetsetting life. The starlet has shared Instagram Stories detailing her adventures in hotspots such as Mykonos, Ibiza, Monaco and Dubai. Her career looks set to continue more publicly than ever before now, as she kicks off her stint in the Love Island villa.