The UK could face heavy snow in March as temperatures plummet this week. Brits could see temperatures of -10C with a possibility of snow as the Met Office issues an update on a Beast from the East hitting the country. The UK is seeing colder weather this week with frost, ice, hail and fog forecasted in the coming days. But it will be the phenomenon of Sudden Stratospheric Warming (SSW) that could bring very low temperatures in March. Maps from WXCharts show that the mercury could drop to -10C in Scotland as well as there being subzero temperatures across the country on March 5. And there are fears that the "major" weather event could bring flurries of snow - similar to the Beast from the East that brought the country to a standstill five years ago. The phenomenon can lead to cold, dry weather coming into the north of Europe and across Ireland. In 2018, it was the occurrence of an SSW event that drove the Arctic deluge that left Ireland covered in deep snow - while the following year, there was another SSW event that had little impact on Ireland’s weather. Long-range weather maps from WXCharts - which are subject to change this far out - pinpoint Sunday, March 5 as the exact day heavy snow could start falling, with more wintry showers right through until Friday, March 10.  It has been predicted that there could be more than 30 centimetres of snow in central and northern Scotland. The weather chart also says there is a 35% possibility of falling snow on Wednesday, March 8 and Thursday, March 9. READ MORE: The 'perfect storm' behind UK's fruit and veg shortages Earlier this month, the UK’s Met Office published a blog post and issued a weather alert. They said: "The latest forecasts are showing that a major SSW is now likely to take place. The recent minor SSW weakened the SPV and it’s now likely to collapse and reverse in the middle of February. "A major SSW often makes the jet stream meander more, which can lead to a large area of blocking high pressure over northern Europe, including the UK [and Ireland]. This blocking high pressure can lead to cold, dry weather in the north of Europe, including the UK [and Ireland], with mild, wet and windy conditions more likely for southern areas of the continent. However, this is not always the case and impacts on UK weather can also be benign when an SSW occurs.” Prof Adam Scaife, Head of Long-Range Forecasting, also pinpointed late February and March as the exact date Ireland would see any impacts from a SSW. He said: "There is now over 80% chance of a major SSW occurring. Although the impact will become clearer nearer the time, any effect on UK [and Ireland] weather is most likely to occur in late February and March." 