Taylor Swift attended the Grammys 2023 last night along with many other musical greats. The multi-record-breaking artist, 33, is undoubtedly one of the most successful artists of her generation. Twitter users have reacted to a short clip of Swift responding to the First Lady, Jill Biden. Jill Biden attended the 65th annual Grammy Awards and appeared on stage to hand out a new award, Best Song for Social Change. Swift, who was in the crowd, applauded the First Lady but not with the enthusiasm some apparently expected. The singer clapped her hands and pressed her lips together in the momentary clip. This was enough for Rolling Stone journalist Marlow Stern to point out the reaction on his Twitter account. He posted the clip and wrote "Taylor Swift’s reaction to Jill Biden" with a crying emoji face. One Twitter user Judith agreed, and wrote: "Right!! I was wondering if anyone else caught that." "She's thrilled (not)," one responded, and another wrote, "TS does look disrespectful." Podcast host Ross Patterson joined in, and wrote: "Taylor Swift hates Jill Biden? Didn’t have that on my #GRAMMYs Bingo card tonight." "Why did Taylor Swift make that face when Jill Biden walked out?" one asked, and another said: "Anyone catch Taylor swift not looking very thrilled to see Jill Biden?" One asked: "Does Taylor Swift have a personal issue with Jill Biden? Why did she look like that when FLOTUS walked out?" A number jumped to Taylor Swift's defense against the baseless suggestions. One wrote: "It was a snippet of the show. They can’t smile every second." Many pointed out that Taylor Swift has been an advocate for Joe Biden in the past, with one writing: "This is taken out of context. Taylor Swift helped elect Joe Biden." Taylor Swift has endorsed Democrat politicians since 2018 when she decided to voice her political opinions after being advised against doing so early in her career. Since she has been very vocal in her support for certain political figures and causes. In her first-ever political statement, stating her support for democrats in her home of Tennessee, she wrote: "In the past, I’ve been reluctant to publicly voice my political opinions, but due to several events in my life and in the world in the past two years, I feel very differently about that now. I believe in the fight for LGBTQ rights, and that any form of discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender is WRONG. I believe that the systemic racism we still see in this country towards people of color is terrifying, sickening, and prevalent."  She used her platform to encourage fans to vote, and in August 2020 65,000 people registered to vote within a day of her social media post urging citizens to check their voter registration. In the election of that year, Swift endorsed Joe Biden for president. She had supported the Times's Up movement and criticised the US Supreme Court's decision to remove abortion as a federal right for women across the country. She is a firm advocate of the LGBTQ+ community, donating to Tennessee Equality Project and GLAAD. Before 2018, the singer supported the March For Our Lives, donating to the cause after the shooting at Parkland High School. She wrote: "I’m so moved by the Parkland High School students, faculty, by all families and friends of victims who have spoken out, trying to prevent this from happening again." She also went head to head with former president Donald Trump after he tweeted about looting following the death of George Floyd. Swift wrote: "After stoking the fires of white supremacy and racism your entire presidency, you have the nerve to feign moral superiority before threatening violence? ‘When the looting starts the shooting starts’??? We will vote you out in November."