DCI Cassie Stuart (played by Nicola Walker) died in a car crash at the end of series four and her death left a huge dent in the team. Her partner DI Sunil ‘Sunny’ Khan (Sanjeev Bhasker) was affected more than anyone else, and as the latest series of Unforgotten returned, Cassie's absence was felt by everyone. However, during Monday night's episode, fans were introduced to the detective's replacement, who was quick to make her mark. DCI Jessica James (Sinéad Keenan) didn't get off to the best of starts as she found out her husband was having an affair. She also spoke with Sunny about replacing Cassie, admitting: "I've got big shoes to fill." As Jessica and Sunny drove to the station, the newcomer clearly had other things on her mind. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis She said: "Sorry, yeah I sort of forgot you were there." "Thank you," Sunny replied taken aback by her remark. "Listen, DI Khan," she continued. "All I wanted to say was that I am aware of the boots I am filling. "I sincerely hope to do her and the rest of the team justice." "Yeah of course," Sunny responded as he quickly got out of the car.  She later put Sunny in his place, telling him she wasn't going to run the team as Cassie did. The detective pointed out that they could be using their resources better. However, just minutes into the episode, fans took to social media to share their thoughts on Cassie's replacement. And while some loved her no-nonsense approach, others pleaded for the show to "bring back Cassie". DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter leaves co-stars uneasy with racy remark [VIDEO]Dancing on Ice 'sexist' row erupts over Carley Stenson exit [REACTION]Endeavour's Fred Thursday to die as fans 'work out' exit [THEORY] Twitter user @ForBallumIWould wrote: "Still mourning Cassie. Don’t like the newbie #Unforgotten." (sic) @flyingfrufru pleaded: "#Unforgotten Bring Cassie back from the dead, please." User @Jess_xHx shared: "I feel this new DCI will take a lot of getting used to #Unforgotten." "I dislike her already," @Rosepetal98_ tweeted while @jwi65 argued: "Bring back Nicola #Unforgotten."  @elliot_gonzalez went on to comment: "Poor Sunny. Everything he feels I feel. So strange to watch this without Nicola Walker as Cassie. "But I think Sinéad Keenan is a fantastic actor, and you’re clearly not meant to like her character (yet) so definitely going to stick with it. #Unforgotten." (sic) Amy added: "I'm here for the ride. Won't be the same without Cassie #Unforgotten." @milominder pointed out: "Cassie forgotten in an instant. Too good a formula not to work. Instantly into it #Unforgotten." Unforgotten returns on Monday at 9pm on ITV.