With the uncertainty surrounding petrol and diesel prices, an expert has issued some advice to motorists on how they can save fuel. Dorry Potter, an expert at National Scrap Car, said that there are some things drivers "should watch out for when it comes to burning fuel quickly". She added that many drivers could be making mistakes without even "realising". Using the wrong engine oil could result in a car consuming more fuel than it should. Engine oil is vital for the functioning and smoothness of the engine itself. It can cause the engine to overheat and ultimately cause the consumption of more fuel, according to Ms Potter. She added: "Also, have the oil changed every 5,000 to 7,500 miles, this is because oil ages it thickens and has a sludge-like consistency, this reduces its efficiency to lubricate the moving parts of the engine, making it work harder. "This means that you will need more fuel for the same amount of power, causing a fuel consumption difference of one percent to two percent, which over time adds up. READ MORE: EV driver left furious after spending £60,000 on a BMW i4 with a fault "There are several different engine oil types available so make sure you do your research and select the correct one for your car." The first and easiest way to help improve a car's fuel efficiency is to remove any excess weight, Ms Potter said. She added: "The heavier your car, the more fuel it takes to move so take unnecessary, bulky items out of the car. "It’s easy to get into a habit of using our car boots as an extra bit of storage but this is a great excuse for that car clean up you’ve been putting off for so long, such as the golf clubs you’ve been meaning to bring back inside, a pushchair that lives in the boot or a shovel for the winter snow that can be packed away. DON'T MISS Electric car drivers can make use of 'magic' feature to avoid frost [REVEAL] EV driver left furious after spending £60,000 on a BMW i4 with a fault [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to 'never' buy fuel from some petrol stations [WARNING] "Removing your roof rack or box is another way of improving your fuel efficiency by slowing your car down. "Roof racks make your car less aerodynamic, increasing the drag which in turn means the engine of your car will have to work harder. Only pack what is necessary for your trip to help your fuel last longer." The expert stressed that before setting off, drivers should always make sure their car's tyres are well-maintained and in good condition. Not only should they be doing this for safety reasons but if the tyre pressure is too low, it will cause rolling resistance which will lead to increased fuel consumption. READ MORE: Electric cars to represent less than a third of all vehicles by 2030 Low tyre pressure can also cause the tyres to be slightly distorted, leading to more friction. Ms Potter said: "Whenever the car is not driving smoothly, the engine has to work harder which means more fuel is being consumed. "If you are unsure of your car’s correct pressure level, you can often find the recommended pressure levels in the owner’s manual or in the fuel cap. You can then set the air machine to the recommended level whether at home or at a petrol station." Being idle or idling means leaving a vehicle's engine running whilst it is stationary. Although in some cases such as everyday traffic this cannot be avoided, in other circumstances such as waiting to pick someone up or sitting in standstill traffic it can. The expert stressed that leaving the engine running whilst stationary burns through fuel. Ms Potter added: "Local authorities now have the power to authorise £20 fixed penalties for engine idling if a motorist refuses to switch off their engine. "Switching off your engine when stationary will not only help save the environment but also save you some extra pennies when it comes to both a potential fine and wasting your fuel." Ms Potter warned: "Your driving style and adopting bad driving habits could also be having a big impact on how much fuel you are using. "If your car has a manual gearbox, you should always try to reduce your engine revving as much as possible. "Try to change gears as smoothly and early as possible to avoid overworking your engine and causing it to use more fuel. "Heavy acceleration and rapidly changing your speed is a bad habit you should try to avoid when conserving fuel." According to the expert, motorists should drive more defensively by anticipating things that may cause sudden braking so they can ease off the accelerator in plenty of time and keep momentum. The same applies to speeding in general. Ms Potter added: "Using cruise control will help you to maintain a constant speed and make the most of your fuel. "We burn a lot of fuel when driving in an aggressive manner so ensure your road trip is as stress-free as possible and try to take your time. The main thing to remember is to drive carefully, to the speed limit at a constant speed whilst being gentle with the accelerator."