Midsomer Murders is now in its 23rd season on ITV and the new episodes have already started airing in the US. The UK network had been airing episodes but there has been a schedule shakeup over the past couple of weeks. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why it is not on tonight. Midsomer Murders had been keeping fans entertained on Friday evenings with DCI John Barnaby (played by Neil Dudgeon) investigating a new crime each week. ITV has been airing repeat episodes from earlier seasons while an official UK release date for season 23 is decided. However, this Friday, there will be no reminiscing for fans as the crime drama series has been removed from the TV schedule. This is due to the fact a new drama called Hotel Portofino will be airing in its normal timeslot. READ MORE: BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up The six-episode drama's official synopsis for episode one reads: "During the 1920s, Rose and her mother, Julia, arrive at an Italian hotel to evaluate a prospective marriage with Lucian, the war veteran son of the residence's proprietors. "But his mother, Bella, has more immediate worries - her most critical guest, Lady Latchmere, has fallen ill." The period drama, created by Matt Baker, has already aired on BritBox and has been renewed for a second season. Natascha McElhone stars as Bella Ainsworth with Lucy Akhurst as Julia Drummond-Ward. Claude Scott-Mitchell takes the role of Rose Drummond-Ward. As the series will be airing for a while, there is no knowing at this point when Midsomer Murders could return to screens. Season 23 made its US debut on Acorn in December 2022 and it may be the case that the show must finish airing across the pond before it is given a UK release date. The new season includes murders involving a group of doomsday preppers, a police retirement village, an artisanal bakery, and a drag show. DON'T MISS... Midsomer Murders’ Annette Badland discusses show's 25-year success Here's the lowdown on the new series of Midsomer Murders Midsomer Murders' Annette Badland defends Fleur Perkins The latest series is made up of six episodes with Nick Hendrix also returning as DS Jamie Winter. There is already some information for UK fans about what they can expect from the first four episodes. The episode one synopsis reads: "Warren Kaine is a doomsday prepper who throws out a member of the group. "This makes him a target amongst the other preppers. Moreover, the Blacktrees Prophecy haunts the group. "They use this as the reason for at least one murder. Maybe even more."  Neil Dudgeon opened up about the show's success to Radio Times, saying: "Midsomer, hopefully, is a lot more fun than other series. "And possibly more bizarre. That’s what I like, actually – when things are nuts and over the top. "I’ve always thought our deaths are sort of fantastical. They aren’t the sort of ways that people are generally fretting about dying. But I’ve heard it quite a lot – people have binged. "Foreign channels bought two years of Midsomer Murders and, because of lockdown, they’ve shown all of them, binged the whole two years in two months." Midsomer Murders is available to watch on ITVX.