Algae is unsightly but unfortunately grows on patios, driveways, paving, conservatories, artificial grass and decking. Removing algae can be difficult and laborious as it often involves getting on your knees and scrubbing. However, fans of cleaning pro Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing algae from patios and paving without scrubbing. The cleaning, lifestyle and home influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home advice online with her followers. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. Hayley Tully posted: “Hi, does anyone know what the best cleaning products to get a garden like this clean which the slabs have gone green? READ MORE: ‘Fluff up’ hard towels in the washing machine using common £1 staple “We have used the pressure washing before which damaged the grout so wonder if just a normal stiff brush would work?” The post was inundated with responses but the most suggested solution was to use a product called Wet and Forget. Ally Allen commented: “Wet & Forget sprayed on. No scrubbing - just leave it to do its work. The effects last for six months.” Gillian Briggs replied: “Wet & Forget, spray it on and it continues cleaning for up to a year.” DON'T MISSFive ‘dangerous’ log burner mistakes you need to ‘avoid’ [INSIGHT]Five ‘big mistakes’ made when washing bed sheets [UPDATE]38p item ‘miraculously’ removes ‘impossible’ yellow toilet seat stains [ANALYSIS] Gillian Donnelly agreed and said: “Wet & Forget is a great product.” Kathryn Stavish Santoro wrote: “Wet & Forget. Works great!” Eileen Nasserabadi commented on the post: “Patio cleaner called Wet & Forget. Spray it on and leave. It takes a few days and all the green algae disappears and will stay away for months.” Wet & Forget claims to have “a unique combination of biodegradable selective surfactants for mould, lichen and algae removal on any exterior surface. “When diluted with water and applied, it immediately attacks these unsightly contaminants.” READ MORE: 'Brighten' stained grout between tiles with 'one key ingredient' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Wet & Forget - Mould Lichen & Algae Remover costs £21.99 from Amazon for two litres. Wet & Forget - Mould Lichen & Algae Remover 5 Litre costs £27.59 from eBay. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Cif, sugar soap, bleach, washing up liquid, Patio Magic or laundry powder. Kerry Mellor said: “I use Cif cream cleaner scrub with the brush pour hot water on and scrub again mine came up lovely.” Judith Hartnett replied: “Sugar soap liquid in water with a long handle scrubbing broom. Had the same problem with same tiles.” Jackie Parramore commented: “Neat bleach. Brush into the flag to lift dirt. Leave a while then rinse.” Jean Kenny suggested: “I have slabs in my back garden but I use good old Fairy washing up liquid with cold water and a yard brush come up clean every time.” Sue Lynch wrote: “A couple of buckets of water and non-bio washing powder and a stiff brush.” Helen Tofield said: “Patio Magic - spray on and leave.”