The Government should be "ashamed" for admitting it cannot meet targets to improve air quality which were already too lenient, a fuel tech expert has claimed. Environment secretary Thérèse Coffey has admitted that a target of limiting fine particulate matter from an annual average of 20 micrograms per cubic metre of air to a new limit of 10 could not be achieved everywhere by the end of the decade, "particularly in London". Critics have pointed to research by King’s College London and Imperial College London that has shown the Government could achieve its targets if it took stronger action on the sources of pollution, which include diesel cars and wood-burning. And Nawaz Haq, from fuel tech experts SulNOx Group Plc, said technology was already in place to help the Government in its aims and claimed that it should be going further still. “The technology already exists to significantly reduce air pollution which costs the UK economy over £20 billion every year,” said Mr Haq. “It is shameful that the Government is rowing back on its promises, which were already too lenient. READ MORE: Little-known speed-bump tip can help drivers slash fuel consumption “The limit of 10 micrograms per cubic metre of air was recommended by the World Health Organization back in 2005, and that was reduced to five after evidence that particles harm human health at much lower concentrations than previously thought. “Analysis shows that over seven years, half a million people have died from causes including asthma attacks, exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and pneumonia. "Hospital admissions for lung conditions have doubled in England and Wales from 1,535 per 100,000 in 1999 to 3,143 per 100,000 in 2019. “This is a public health crisis and needs a robust response.” DON'T MISS Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage [ADVICE] 10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW... [INSIGHT] Skoda owners are likely smarter than drivers of any other car brand [REVEAL] Due to their size, fine particulate matter, or PM2.5, may enter the bloodstream and be transported around the body, reaching the lungs, heart, brain and other organs. Exposure can result in serious health impacts, especially in vulnerable groups of people such as the young, elderly, and those with respiratory problems. London-based SulNOx Group specialises in providing responsible solutions for decarbonisation of liquid hydrocarbon fuels. Its fuel additives reduce the production of harmful emissions including particulate matter PM10 and PM2.5. READ MORE: Urgent warning issued as drivers could get fined £100 on the motorway In tests, its products have been shown to reduce PM2.5 by up to 60 percent. “We have the technology to help tackle air pollution today, not in another generation,” said Mr Haq. "In fact, it was recently reported that our unique technology can mitigate emissions and pollution equivalent to five million cars in the UK alone. "This degree of impact cannot be ignored in our time of health crisis or climate emergency for that matter. “We are in talks with numerous organisations at local, national and international level, about how we can help them reduce their environmental impact and their impact on air quality. “We already partner with a number of organisations which have provided us with evidence of reduced particulate matter emissions both in tests and in the real world.”