Novak Djokovic has been warned that his hopes of continuing his bid for Grand Slam history at Wimbledon could be upset by a young rival who has Toni Nadal in his corner. Felix Auger-Aliassime’s other coach has tipped the world No 7 to win his maiden Grand Slam title at the All England Club this year, where Djokovic is already a heavy favourite having won the last four editions of Wimbledon with seven titles overall. Djokovic recently tied long-time rival Rafael Nadal’s record of 22 Grand Slam titles after lifting his 10th trophy at the Australian Open. And the race for history is set to hot up this season with the Spaniard the favourite to win a record-extending 15th French Open title while the world No 1 is a clear favourite at Wimbledon, where he has seven titles and has not lost a match since 2017.  But the Serb could be upset in his bid to continue chasing history with another Grand Slam title at Wimbledon, as Auger-Aliassime has been tipped to come away as the champion at SW19 this year. The 22-year-old has been coached by Frederic Fontang since 2017 and had Nadal’s uncle Toni come on board as his second coach two years ago, and Fontang believes their charge will finally win the biggest title of his career at Wimbledon.  “I think Rafa remains the favourite for Roland Garros despite everything,” the Frenchman told Ubitennis, referring to the world No 6’s recent injury woes. “For the hard court tournaments, I would say that Djokovic and Medvedev are my two favourites, so for the US Open and Australian Open, I would bet on them.”  Djokovic recently tied long-time rival Rafael Nadal’s record of 22 Grand Slam titles after lifting his 10th trophy at the Australian Open. And the race for history is set to hot up this season with the Spaniard the favourite to win a record-extending 15th French Open title while the world No 1 is a clear favourite at Wimbledon, where he has seven titles and has not lost a match since 2017. But the Serb could be upset in his bid to continue chasing history with another Grand Slam title at Wimbledon, as Auger-Aliassime has been tipped to come away as the champion at SW19 this year. The 22-year-old has been coached by Frederic Fontang since 2017 and had Nadal’s uncle Toni come on board as his second coach two years ago, and Fontang believes their charge will finally win the biggest title of his career at Wimbledon. “I think Rafa remains the favourite for Roland Garros despite everything,” the Frenchman told Ubitennis, referring to the world No 6’s recent injury woes. “For the hard court tournaments, I would say that Djokovic and Medvedev are my two favourites, so for the US Open and Australian Open, I would bet on them.” JUST IN: Dan Evans gets Davis Cup wish after threatening to quit the team  While Fontang correctly thought Djokovic would dominate in Australia, he wasn’t backing the Serb at Wimbledon even though he had won the last four editions of the tournament in a row as he thought Auger-Aliassime would be able to go all the way. He added: “And finally, for Wimbledon, I think the discussion is more open. “Felix has already made it to the quarters there, has a great serve and has all the weapons to do well. So my prediction is Felix winning at Church Road.” While it’s the US Open that has seen five different champions in the last five years - including three first-time Grand Slam winners - the 52-year-old said he thought it was Wimbledon that would throw up the most surprises as he named some other contenders alongside his own charge. “Wimbledon is the tournament that lends itself best to surprises,” Fontang explained. “Grass is always special. Djokovic obviously is among the favourites, but also Berrettini and Sinner should be remembered, Fritz is also not to be underestimated.” DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios issues statement as Aussie avoids criminal recordNick Kyrgios pleads guilty to assaulting ex-girlfriend but avoids jailAlcaraz warned of costly mistake as Djokovic becomes No 1 - EXCLUSIVE And Auger-Aliassime’s coach also had his eyes on more milestones for the 22-year-old after a career-best 2022 season which saw the Canadian not only finally win his maiden title but also go on to win another three in the space of three weeks, also helping his nation win the Davis Cup and ATP Cup as well as making his top 10 debut and qualifying for the ATP Finals for the first time. “He won the Davis Cup, he also won ATP 500 level tournaments, so the next steps are naturally the 1000s, the Slams, and the No 1 ranking,” Fontang added. “But the competition doesn’t stop and so we have to keep going like this.” 