The experts at Checkatrade have said it is estimated that homeowners can add around 10 percent to their home value by upgrading the kitchen through various different ways. This is because the kitchen is one of the most important rooms for potential buyers due to it being the heart of the home. It is important to know how to spend money when updating the kitchen though, as it can get extremely expensive if you get carried away. The experts have shared 10 ways to update the kitchen to “boost the value” of your home. When it comes to small kitchen areas, it is important to make sure the layout allows residents to make use of all the space. The experts said: “Make the most of the space you have by configuring a well-considered layout, incorporating clever storage and leaving space for the kitchen to be used effectively. “All kitchen cabinets and appliances should be fully accessible without doors and drawers crashing into one another.” Upgrading kitchen cabinets, whether painting them or switching them out, can change the entire look of the kitchen on a budget. According to the pros, doing this job can be one of the “most impactful” elements as the kitchen cabinets are often the first thing people see when they walk into the room. READ MORE: Method to ‘instantly’ kill driveway and patio weeds for good When deciding on a colour or texture, it is important to make sure they look fresh, clean and stylish, but it is not always the best idea to follow trends. The experts said: “That doesn’t mean you have to rip them all out and start from scratch. In fact, most kitchen cabinets' shell is perfectly fine and just needs new fronts or fixtures. “Sometimes, simply spray painting your existing kitchen cabinets can give them a whole new lease of life.” If changing kitchen cabinets, it is important not to clash with the worktops as they are often an important part of any kitchen, whether selling the home or continuing to live there. DON'T MISS:Method to wash towels ‘correctly’ to ensure they stay ‘soft’ [EXPERT]Seven ‘surprising’ items you can put in your dishwasher [COMMENT]‘Most effective’ method to remove limescale from kettles [INSIGHT] There is a huge range of materials, styles and colours to pick from which can make it hard to decide. The pros noted: “If you need to replace your kitchen worktop, choose one that complements your new kitchen but make sure you spend wisely; quartz or marble worktops can get extremely pricey, so only spend what you can earn back in added value.” There is also a huge range of kitchen lighting on the market, including spotlights or pendant lights which can be hung above a table or breakfast bar. Despite being extremely important, kitchen lighting is often a detail many forget to consider when renovating this room. However, if you do have the time, get samples to see what works best. This could give the kitchen a “real wow factor”, and can be done on a budget. The experts explained: “Whether you’re hanging pendant lights above a kitchen island or installing under cabinet LED lights, you can add style, function and value with well thought out kitchen lighting.” READ MORE: Three steps to ensure ‘bigger’ and ‘juicier’ tomatoes this year Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you have areas of the kitchen which are painted instead of tiled, a fresh coat of paint can do wonders as it’ll look fresh and neat. Choosing the right shade for this area of the home can help to add character as well as keep it light and airy. Despite neutral colours being all the rage in the kitchen, a pop of colour can create a “striking visual effect”. Maximising storage can help to prevent clutter on the worktops as well as provide lots of space for food. The experts said the more storage space you can fit into the kitchen, the better. They said: “Nowadays there are some simple but brilliant ways to make the most of awkward spaces, such as pull-out corner units or other folding and sliding storage.” If you’re looking for small changes, replacing the fixtures such as cabinet handles, light switches and taps can make all the difference. They can help “boost the appeal and value of your home”, according to the experts at Checkatrade as they can change the whole look of a room. Although an expensive job, it is important the appliances are modern and energy efficient, if possible. This is especially important for those with integrated appliances as they can be expensive to change if you were to sell your home. Checkatrade experts explained: “Installing new flooring is a surefire way to give your kitchen an instant visual boost. “Whether you opt for hardwood flooring, floor tiles or vinyl flooring. “Top tip: Pick a low maintenance flooring that will offer durability whilst still giving a stylish new look to your kitchen.” Splashbacks are a popular way to add both colour and texture into the kitchen, and they come in a huge array of different colours and patterns. This is a “quick” and “easy” way to make a noticeable difference, but make sure to invest in a colour you’ll like for the long-term. If you’d prefer not to add colour, metal or granite ones are also available.