Sevilla goalkeeper Marko Dmitrovic was forced to defend himself by pinning a PSV Eindhoven pitch invader to the ground in Thursday's Europa League clash. A home supporter rushed onto the pitch and attempted to assault Dmitrovic, leading to a grapple in the stopper's penalty area. PSV defeated Sevilla 2-0 at the Philips Stadion in their Europa League knockout play-off second leg. Luuk de Jong and Fabio Silva scored late goals for the hosts, but they couldn't find a third as they crashed out of Europe to the Champions League drop-outs. However, it wasn't enough to overturn the Spaniards' three-goal advantage as Rudd van Nistelrooy's side crashed out 3-2 on aggregate, despite their dominant triumph. Dmitrovic didn't have the finest night of his career between the sticks and received a late booking for wasting time. But he was then forced to defend himself from a PSV fan, who made a beeline for the Serbian stopper in the dying embers of the encounter. JUST IN: Arsenal 'to hand Saka mega pay rise' as new contract almost agreed  The supporter was filmed throwing a punch, and missing, before Dmitrovic grappled him to the ground as reinforcements from both sides arrived. Security then whisked the individual away, prompting a chorus of boos from the disgruntled home crowd staring an exit in the face. The 31-year-old could continue as Sevilla, the most successful team in Europa League history, booked their place in the last 16. After full-time, Dmitrovic told reporters: "It's never nice to see this in football. It shouldn't happen, and from now on, I hope these things are well punished. "He came and pushed me from behind. He was probably angry about the result. He tried to hit me, and I managed to grab him and wait for security to arrive." DON'T MISS Man Utd hero Paul Scholes offers title verdict after Barcelona winCryptocurrency firm with links to MPs and footballers vanishesLionel Messi was left gobsmacked by Arsenal player's comments Sevilla boss Jorge Sampaoli also reacted, stressing that aggressive pitch invasions must stop and labelling the incident 'incredibly sad'. "It is incredibly sad that this has happened. I find it worrying - this type of thing needs to stop," Sampaoli stated. Sevilla have lifted the Europa League six times, twice as many as any other club, most recently in 2020. They are among the favourites to succeed again this season among a star-studded knockout line-up including Arsenal, Juventus and Manchester United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here