CBS’ high-stakes drama SWAT returned from its brief hiatus with an all-new gripping episode. However, the excitement soon turned into heartbreak as fans watched Officer Victor Tan (played by David Lim) face suspension after his personal issues led to a bar fight.  Friday’s (February 24) episode titled Gut Punch kicked off with Tan at a bar, drinking his sorrows away. After getting married to Bonnie Lonsdale (Karissa Lee Staples) in season four, Tan learned his wife had been cheating on him for six months. The drinks only made his mood worsen and after a few more, the officer started a bar fight. As a result, Tan was arrested and due to his work in law enforcement, his bosses Commander Bob Hicks (Patrick St Espirit) and Lieutenant Hondo (Shemar Moore) soon found out. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale    At the station, Tan was pulled to the side by Bob and Sergeant Jeff Mumford (Peter Onorati) who informed him of the suspension. Jeff stated: “It’s just for two weeks but if you want to appeal the decision…” Before he could finish, Tan insisted: “It’s fine,” as he asked: “Anything else?” To which Bob added: “You’re going to need to surrender your service weapon and your badge.”    Tan did so begrudgingly, which prompted Bob to say: “I’ll see you soon officer if you need anything.” However, Tan responded: “No sir, I’ll get my head on straight. You don’t need to worry.” Viewers were moved to tears by Tan’s suspension and took to social media to share their emotions. Taking to Twitter @swatcbs_ir wrote: “I'm not okay.... Don't do this to him please.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin [INTERVIEW] SWAT season 6 delayed in CBS shake-up [INSIGHT]SWAT fans ecstatic as Shemar Moore shares sweet baby news [REACTION] An emotional @reebkat tweeted: “When Tan started talking I genuinely couldn’t hold it in any longer and started crying.” A third viewer @dtvr12 added: “It's painful to see him in such a bad place.” @Olicity4Life stated: “I hate seeing Tan so defeated. Don't throw away your career over what Bonnie did.” While @twentyfourdavid shared: “Tan releasing his trauma, I literally have tears in my eyes.” A sixth fan @Dueler312 remarked: “Tan got suspended anyway. Just real sad.” Later on in the episode, Tan was invited to have dinner with Hondo and his girlfriend Nichelle Carmichael (Rochelle Aytes) at their home. After entering, Tan owned up to his mistakes and shared he knew why he was suspended. But Hondo assured him: “I didn’t invite you over for a lecture, we just thought you might like some dinner and some company.”  SWAT season 6 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA and the following Wednesday on Sky Max in the UK. 