Yesterday, figures from the Bank of England confirmed that the average ISA balance paid only 0.8 percent throughout 2022. Under these circumstances, a savings account with £1,000 in the average cash ISA at the beginning of the year would now be worth £912. This is adjusting for the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation which has skyrocketed in the last 12 months and has resulted in interest rates rising in response. In the last eight months, the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has chosen nine consecutive times to hike the nation’s base rate. The central bank’s base rate is the rate at which lenders and other financial institutions borrow money. As it stands, the base rate is at 3.5 percent but is expected to rise once again once the MPC reconvene later this week. Estimates suggest a 0.5 percent interest rate is on the horizon which would take the base rate to four percent. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come This comes at a time when CPI inflation for December is sitting at 10.5 percent, a slight drop from the month before, but nonetheless still high. Despite savers supposedly receiving a boost from the Bank of England’s interventions, it has appeared this has not materialised for many people with ISAs. Currently, the gap between one-year fixed rate and variable rate cash ISAs is sitting at a 12-year high. Laith Khalaf, the head of investment analysis at AJ Bell, discussed why the past 12 months have been a “terrible” time for savers. He explained: “2022 was a terrible year to be holding cash, even though interest rates climbed to heights not seen since the global financial crisis. “Cash ISA rates were slow to pick up, and inflation hit double digits across the year as a whole. “The result is that £1,000 held in the typical Cash ISA at the beginning of 2022 would now be worth just £912 in real terms, after paying just 0.8 percent in interest over the course of the year. “Savers who opted for more competitive accounts would have done better, but none would have kept pace with the searing 10.5 percent rise in the CPI index in 2022.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing However, the savings expert highlighted that the situation is likely to improve in the months ahead for some individuals. Mr Khalaf added: “Things are looking better for cash savers as we enter 2023. “The typical Cash ISA is now paying 1.6 percent per annum and that’s likely to tick upwards as interest rates rise and average savings accounts gradually get dragged into the new higher interest rate world. “However, even if inflation halves to around five percent, as targeted by the Prime Minister, cash savers are still likely to see a fall in the buying power of their money in 2023, though not by anywhere near the same margin as last year.” As it stands, the November forecast from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) estimated CPI inflation would be 7.4 percent in 2023. This remains significantly higher than anything a cash account is going to deliver for savers unless there are significant changes to the Bank of England’s actions. The central bank’s MPC will confirm any changes to the base rate tomorrow on Thursday, February 2, 2023. January 2023’s CPI inflation figure will be confirmed by the Office for National Statistics on February 15, 2023.