Only three years ago, Gareth Bale fumed at being denied a mega-money move to join the likes of Oscar, Hulk and Marouane Fellaini in the lucrative Chinese Super League. But as the Welshman's luck would go, it turned out to be a blessing in disguise considering the sharp decline of the league since then after years of spending beyond its means. The influx of Brazilians in Chinese football had already begun long before Chelsea stars Oscar and Ramires decided to head to the Far East. Vagner Love, a prolific striker in Russia, and Elkeson, a talent from Botafago, joined between 2012 and 2013 for fees usually paid by European clubs. But it was only when Hulk, the powerful Brazilian striker who made his name at Porto and Zenit St Petersburg, joined Shanghai SIPG that people started to take notice. The deal was worth £46m - a record sale for a Russian club and by some margin the most spent by a Chinese club on a transfer. Brazil international Ramires then decided to follow him, leaving his bit-part role at Chelsea for Jiangsu Suning in a £25m deal.  And in January 2017, the Blues recorded their biggest-ever sale when they offloaded playmaker Oscar to Shanghai SIPG for a record £60m fee. The then-25-year-old snubbed offers from the likes of Juventus and Atletico Madrid to head to China, pocketing a deal worth £400,000-a-week. The financial benefit was the main part of the attraction, but the chance to lead a revolution of a growing league appealed too. Soon, the big names started to follow, with ex-Premier League star Mousa Dembele leaving for China and Manchester United's Fellaini opting to sign for Shandong Taishan as clubs in Europe started to view it as a 'dangerous' division capable of luring their own transfer targets to the country. Oscar admitted immediately after joining the club that he planned to head back to Europe "in two or three years' time". That appeared to be a recurring theme, with Carlos Tevez describing his move to Shanghai Shenhua as a "holiday" before ending his short stint and rejoining Boca Juniors. And it seemed that the Argentinian was not too fussed with being in China, scoring four goals in 20 appearances while earning a reported £615,000-a-week. But things started to fall apart when the Chinese Football Association (CFA) announced strict rules that forced clubs to reduce the number of foreign players on the pitch, with only three foreign players allowed to feature in one game while each 18-man squad list would have to contain at least two Chinese players under the age of 23. This move was designed to give Chinese players more regular football and improve the national team's prospects. More changes were made the following season to reduce the number of foreign players allowed in each squad from five to four. As well as this, the total number of foreign players appearing in a game could not be more than the number of U23 domestic players. A new 'tax' was then introduced in 2018 to stop clubs spending large fees on foreign players and it stated that any club that spent more than £5m ($7m) on an overseas player would be forced to make the same payment to the CFA. This certainly halted the flow of stars heading to Asia for a final payday, but clubs such as Shanghai and Jiangsu had a bigger problem. It made Chinese clubs somewhat less attractive than they were two years before and, as attendances fell, clubs struggled to make up the financial deficit. They couldn't afford the wages promised to players and the financial backing from their mega-rich owners suddenly stopped. The host of clubs backed by real estate conglomerates were affected by lower revenues during the Covid pandemic as the market collapsed and the billionaires who owned the clubs soon withdrew their funding. It meant that clubs such as Jiangsu Suning were forced to fold, having won the CSL title in the previous season. Hulk, Jackson Martinez, Yannick Carrasco, Axel Witsel, Marek Hamsik and Gervinho soon made for the exit, with the dozens of Brazilian players heading back to South America, while Oscar is still in China after watching a move to Flamengo collapse at the 11th hour. Now, star names in China are far and few between after the incredible spending from six years ago. And in the meantime, there has been little improvement for the China national team, with the CFA's gamble ultimately failing to bring the expected benefit.