Radiator performance is something that homeowners should be concerned with. If your home’s radiator system isn’t performing to the best of its ability, you are likely wasting money on heating costs. The problem of energy efficiency of already installed heating radiators is of concern to a fairly large number of people. Everyone wants to have a cosy and warm home without having to completely change their radiators. To do this experts from BestHeating have shared how to improve your radiator’s efficiency and performance. Dust on the front panels of a radiator is easy enough to get rid of with a cloth, sponge, or a feather duster. But if you have standard convector radiators, convection currents can cause the fins at the back of your radiator to fill with much more than just dust, warned the pros. They said: “For people with pets, here is where you’ll likely find the hair of half a dog, cat hairballs and all manner of other dusty elements that prevent your radiator from kicking out heat. “These items create an insulating layer on your radiator and prevent heat from escaping as it should, making your appliance less efficient and leading to colder spaces in your home – both of which waste money and energy.” There are a few tricks you can use to get this dust out from between the fins of the radiator, but the experts prefer the “hairdryer hack”. READ MORE: Heating specialist shares how to avoid £300 log burner fine To do this, simply point the nozzle of your hairdryer down the back of the radiator – in the space between the appliance and the wall – and away you go. The experts instructed: “Set your hairdryer to its highest setting to really get a blow going and this should force out all the collected dust and dirt and send it hurtling towards the floor. “Then, simply pick up the sheet or blanket and give it a shake outside, before sweeping or vacuuming up any last little dusty morsels from the floor.” Trapped air in your heating system is not only “easy to spot”, but also “simple to remedy” and a “guaranteed way” to improve radiator efficiency. DON'T MISSI used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my kitchen grout [COMMENT]‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ [EXPERT]‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving [TIPS] When you switch on your heating, have a feel of every radiator in your home. If you find cold spots at the top of any of your appliances, the chances are that the radiator needs to be bled. Alongside keeping them free of dust and ensuring they are regularly bled, ensuring your heating system is “balanced” is “essential” to “optimise” radiator performance and efficiency, noted the experts. They said: “A balanced heating system ensures that each of your radiators heat up consistently and evenly – meaning your system is operating at its most efficient level. “Close all the valves on each of your radiators, then slowly turn each of them on in small amounts – working your way from the one closest to your boiler.” The one nearest your boiler may need a quarter turn to open, then the next a little more, before you reach the radiator that is furthest from your boiler, which should be opened fully. The energy specialists continued: “Doing this you can avoid the radiator nearest to your boiler being burning hot, and the one furthest away being lukewarm or even cold. READ MORE: ‘Best expert technique’ for painting a ceiling - ‘beautifully smooth’ “This method of balancing can be done in a few minutes, and will ensure you’re getting the best out of your central heating system – leading to lower bills and cosier spaces.” Though plumbing and heating can be complex, the principles of how it works are pretty simple. Hot water heated by your boiler is distributed to the radiators around your home and this heat is transferred to the air through the means of convection. The experts cautioned: “Your boiler pressure is important because if you don’t have enough hot water in the system your radiators will not heat up properly, and your rooms will be cold. Check the pressure gauge on your boiler and be sure it is sitting in or around 1.2 to 1.5bar – this will guarantee you have the correct level of water in the system. “If the gauge is showing above 1.5bar, it may be that you need to release some of the pressure by bleeding one or more of your radiators.” Check for those cold spots and release the trapped air and then check your boiler pressure again to ensure “optimum performance”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea In the grand scheme of things – and when compared with the other actions you can take to improve radiator efficiency – flushing your radiators is a pretty big job. It involves checking for colder spots at the bottom of your radiators and locating where problems with performance may lie. The pros said: “If radiators are warm at the top and cold at the bottom, it likely means your appliance is troubled by sludge and debris build-up inside the radiator itself. “To remedy this, you can remove the radiator from the wall and flush it out with a hosepipe or pressure washer – as this should get rid of any blockages that are limiting your radiator’s performance levels.”