Two high-profile Congresswomen on either side of the aisle have exploded at one another after Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) called out Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) following a speech AOC made in the House where she hit out at Republicans for voting along party lines to remove Representative Ilhan Omar of Michigan over remarks she made about Israel. During the rant, AOC accused MTG of hypocrisy, blasting the Republican for being given committee assignments despite her being accused of claiming that California wildfires were caused by "Jewish space lasers" as opposed to climate change in reference to a 2018 Facebook post. The 2018 post in question seemed to suggest the Rothschilds - a wealthy Jewish banking family who often feature in anti-Semitic conspiracies - were making money off California wildfires supposedly caused by "lasers or blue beams of light" from space. MTG has said she doesn't "hold any beliefs like that". AOC's colleague, Representative Ilhan Omar of Michigan, was stripped of her place on the powerful Foreign Affairs Committee for what Republicans said were anti-Semitic remarks she had made in the past. House Speaker Kevin McCarthy argued that Democrats set a "new standard" for the controlling party to remove committee members when the Democrats stripped MTG and Representative Paul Gosar of Arizona from committees for violent rhetoric and social media posts. He vowed to remove members Schiff, Swalwell and Omar from their committee assignments once he became Speaker and Republicans controlled the House of Representatives. The feud exploded when Marjorie Taylor Greene took to Twitter Thursday to accuse AOC of being a "coward" and claimed she lied about her on national television.  She said: "I have repeatedly asked you to debate me, but you have been a coward and can’t even respond. But you go on and lie about me. "When are you going to be an adult and actually debate me on policy instead of run your mouth like a teenage girl?" AOC quickly hit back, accusing Greene of spending "almost no time" at her committee hearings. She said: "Hey there! In case you forgot, we sit on the same committee, which debated for the first time this week. I don’t blame you if you forgot. You spent almost no time there."  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'can't be trusted at all' as William fears Sussex 'stunt' Greene then took a personal dig at AOC, who worked as a bartender before coming to Congress. She said: "AOC has never put her degrees to work in the real world to find out half of what they teach you in college are theories that don’t work. "All she did was make a few drinks behind a bar, and she wasn’t even good at that, so she even makes bartenders look bad and I respect bartenders." Although the two are consistently at odds, this particularly public feud appears to stem from AOC accusing Greene of "regularly trafficking anti-Semitic conspiracy theories" and "inciting violence" against US lawmakers.  DON'T MISS:Watch swimmer save man's life as huge wave capsizes boat [VIDEO]Video shows nine-year-old girl beaten by two boys on school bus [REPORT]Meghan bullying claims review kept private to avoid 'fanning flames' [INSIGHT] "Marjorie Taylor Greene, who was engaging in 9/11 conspiracy theories, [House Speaker] Kevin McCarthy appointed her to the Homeland Security Committee," AOC said during a discussion about Republican's decision to remove Ilhan Omar from her position on the Foreign Affairs Committee. On Thursday, Congress approved a resolution to remove Omar from her position, citing previous remarks by the Congresswoman which were perceived as anti-Semitic by some Democrats and Republicans alike. The resolution said: "Representative Omar, by her own words, has disqualified herself from serving on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, a panel that is viewed by nations around the world as speaking for Congress on matters of international importance and national security." Omar responded to the resolution: "I am Muslim, I am an immigrant, and interestingly, from Africa. Is anyone surprised that I am being targeted? Is anyone surprised that I am somehow deemed unworthy to speak about American foreign policy, or that they see me as a powerful voice that needs to be silenced?" 