Liverpool's latest humiliation saw them suffer a 3-0 defeat to Wolves at Molineux on Saturday and leaves them languishing in mid-table having not won a Premier League game in 2023 yet. Jurgen Klopp's side are a shadow of the quadruple-chasing team of last year, as a Joel Matip own goal before Craig Dawson and Ruben Neves finishes ensured that the hosts secured all three points. Here, Express Sport looks at four players that especially struggled against Julen Lopetegui's outfit. Mohamed Salah finished last season as the league’s top scorer but has struggled to find the back of the net this campaign, especially in recent weeks. Against Wolves was no different as he was able to find chances that the Egyptian would have buried in previous years, but is currently lacking a cutting edge. Cody Gakpo intercepted a pass and played Salah through on goal when he was able to cut inside on his favoured left foot, but his finish lacked conviction and Dawson was let off the hook for his misplaced pass. The 30-year-old needs to return to his previous self in order to justify his bumper new contract, while there have been recent whispers that the Reds may consider offloading their star man for a reasonable fee if his struggles in front of goal continue. Thiago has been tasked with keeping the ball ticking over and progress play to the forwards and while his quality has been evident since moving to Anfield in 2020, many passes went astray against Wolves and the Reds struggled to build momentum through the Spaniard while his team-mates were put under pressure. Klopp has kept the faith in the starting midfield trio of Thiago, Naby Keita and Stefan Bajcetic in recent weeks but with every game that passes it becomes increasingly evident that even if the Reds can land Jude Bellingham in the summer, more recruitment is needed in that area of the pitch. Thiago’s disappointing performance was compounded by Wolves’ third goal as he lost Neves while tracking back and the Portuguese midfielder was allowed a simple finish past Alisson. Klopp will have been hoping to get off to a positive start away from home and not give the home fans anything to shout about in the early stages, but inside five minutes the ball was past Alisson in Liverpool’s net as Matip had scored an own goal. The goal itself was an unfortunate deflection off the Cameroonian, but his indecisiveness to either cut off the pass or close down Hwang Hee-chan saw the South Korean have the opportunity to play the ball off Matip and put his side into the lead. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap Keita once again struggled to make an impact against Wolves and despite Klopp wanting to keep the same team and has praised his side for being compact recently, it was no surprise that the Guinean was the first player to be hooked by the German boss for Jordan Henderson. His contract is up at the end of the season and with a renewal unlikely his underwhelming time at the club could be ending soon, though his latest showing against Wolves will not have suitors bursting the door down to sign him in the summer.