Even before she became the Duchess of Sussex, former Suits actress Meghan Markle wouldn't be caught looking sloppy on a plane. In 2016 she spoke to Good Housekeeping about what she likes to wear in-flight. Meghan stated: "I travel so often so I think for me what I've learnt is there are certain things you can do to make you look a bit more polished when you're travelling." The fashionista explained that comfort is key, but that she opts for monochromatic looks for a bit of uniform. People often associate monochromatic dressing with blacks, whites and greys but it simply means dressing in the same colour. This is a royal style favourite, with the late Queen Elizabeth II and Kate Middleton being big fans of the trend. READ MORE: Meghan 'closest relationship' could be ruptured - claims  Meghan explained that her go-to travel look is a pair of "comfy" trousers and a "simple" top. She finishes this off with a black blazer, which can expertly tie a look together and create a "refined" finish. Shoe-wise, the now royal told fellow holidaymakers to avoid wearing heels. A cashmere throw is her secret to keeping warm on chilly planes. This is a great option for flyers who want to be demure yet cosy. Another insight the then-actress gave into her travel habits was her choice of in-flight entertainment. She revealed that on a plane she likes to "drink wine and watch movies - it's like a vacation in the sky". But what does a flight attendant think about Meghan Markle's aviation attire? Is this the kind of outfit which could get a non-actress or non-royal passenger a free upgrade to First Class? READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how to spot 'hidden camera' in hotel room  Travel influencer Ceara Kirkpatrick took to TikTok to share the inside scoop on outfits most likely to get a passenger upgraded on a plane. She told her now 318,000 followers that she recently made friends with a flight attendant who gave her an important travel tip. She stated: "You need to look nice on every single flight. When you check in, they will literally mark you as 'suitable for upgrade' if you look nice and only if you look nice. "If you're just in sweats and look like a piece of garbage - like how I usually fly - you'll never get upgraded." The flight attendant revealed that sometimes he would upgrade a passenger - regardless of status or airline loyalty - just because they looked "nice". Wearing Meghan's go-to chic yet comfy aeroplane attire - not a tracksuit in sight - could serve a passenger will in the upgrade game. One lucky flyer confirmed this, with TikTok user @kitenubber stating: "I got a free upgrade to First Class this way."