Liverpool hero Danny Murphy is worried about Manchester United's impending success under Erik ten Hag. The Red Devils won their first trophy in six years on Sunday and could add more silverware before the season is out. United lifted the Carabao Cup following a 2-0 win over Newcastle at Wembley. It was the first trophy available to Erik ten Hag following his appointment as manager last summer. But there is still a realistic chance of adding to that success in the next few months. United host West Ham in the fifth round of the FA Cup on Wednesday. They are also in the last-16 of the Europa League, where they have been drawn against Real Betis. Murphy does not think a title challenge is realistic, with eight points the current gap to leaders Arsenal. But he can see a potential treble on the cards. The pundit, with his Liverpool hat on, is concerned. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumes  Murphy told talkSPORT: "I’m a tad worried they could do really well this season and I mean that from my Liverpool head. For the Premier League it’s great that they’re back. "They’re favourites for the Europa League for a reason. When you look at the other teams. FA Cup, they could end up winning that. "It’s not beyond them, there’s only really Manchester City left. The way they’re playing you’d only fancy City to have a real chance of beating them. "Even a treble, I think that they could do it. They might not but they’ve done it before. DON'T MISSArsenal could sign three PSG stars with owners 'looking to slash £645m wage bill'Benni McCarthy played role in Sir Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snubMan Utd's Phil Jones makes feelings clear on quitting after working as pundit  "Winning trophies and winning games creates confidence. The way they’re playing at the moment, what’s going to stop it? What’s going to halt their progress? Probably an injury, a bad one to Casemiro or Marcus Rashford." Ten Hag is determined to add more silverware following Sunday's victory. He insisted the players' celebrations wouldn't be over the top as they prepared for the tie with West Ham. Ten Hag told Sky Sports: "First you have to win the first one, and that is what we did. "I think we can get inspiration from this and confidence that we can do it. We said at the start that we wanted to restore Manchester United by winning trophies and this is the first one. "Managers and staff, it is champagne. For the players, they rest, they have a big game on Wednesday." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 