Recent murmurs surrounding the sale of Manchester United reportedly suggest the Glazer family could favour minority investment over a full-scale takeover. However, INEOS chief Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani are said to be wary of market tactics entering play. Ratcliffe and Sheikh Jassim submitted indicative offers to buy United before last Friday's soft 10pm deadline. Several other suitors have approached the Raine Group with proposals regarding minority investment or funding a takeover bid. However, a week later, there have been no significant developments, prompting concerns among the fanbase that the Glazers remaining in control is a real possibility. According to The Independent, the takeover process is expected to be a slow burn, with no timescale set, despite other reports claiming Raine want things wrapped up before April. All interested parties await an update from Raine, who sat down with the Glazers to discuss the next steps after receiving the first wave of offers. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp accepts 'people want me out' in long rant However, the latest whispers around the process suggest that Avram and Joel Glazer are leaning towards minority investment. The pair have always been the two members of the family with the most desire to keep the club and could potentially buy out their siblings' shares. United's bidders are sceptical about that rumoured stance being true, though, as the process edges closer to a more formal stage as per the same report. The report claims they view such suggestions as typical of Mergers and Acquisition processes and a useful method of driving up the price. DON'T MISS Guardiola points blame in strong response to Haaland service conernsPotter's comments on Aubameyang clash with Arteta wanting him goneChelsea dressing room 'dismayed' at specific transfer decision  The Glazers reportedly want between £6billion and £7bn to relinquish control of United, and it's unconfirmed how much Ratcliffe and Sheikh Jassim's indicative bids were worth.  The latter is widely considered the favourite due to the embarrassment of riches to which he has access in Qatar.  But Ratcliffe seems to be the more favourable option among the right-minded sections of the United fanbase, away from the depths of 'Football Twitter'.  That said, the Red Devils' fate will ultimately lie with the Glazers and whether Joel and Avram are truly ready to walk away after 18 tumultuous years at the helm. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.