Lewis Hamilton had an argument with police officers ahead of the 2022 Monaco Grand Prix. The Mercedes star joked that he was told to “f*** off” by a female cop as he struggled to get to the paddock. He made the revelation in a private chat with Daniel Ricciardo caught on camera by Netflix's Driver to Survive. Grinning, Hamilton remarked: “How did you get in this morning? All the normal roads I normally take are all closed.” Hamilton then begins to act out the scene, crossing his hands as he demonstrated the problems. He added: “The police were like 'No'. And I was having all these arguments with police.” Hamilton erupted into laughter before concluding: “There was this one woman she was like 'No f*** off'." Ricciardo simply responded: "Oh really” as the Australian also started giggling. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's former back-up driver fired Max Verstappen warning It's not the first time Hamilton has had a run-in with the authorities after an incident at the 2010 Australian Grand Prix. The ex-McLaren star was pulled over by police in Melbourne because he did burnouts in his Mercedes C63 AMG. Reports suggested Hamilton was upset and embarrassed by the situation with the F1 legend later saying sorry. At the time, Hamilton said: “I was driving in an overexuberant manner and, as a result, was stopped by the police. What I did was silly, and I want to apologise for it.” Hamilton struggled in Monaco last year with the Mercedes star only managing a lowly P8. The seven-time champion languished in the midfield due to a poor qualifying and was prevented from making progress by the Alpines. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen hit with highest FIA bill and Lewis Hamilton sixth [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen shares Ferrari, McLaren wish and talks Hamilton rivalry [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton's car may be scrapped halfway through season [COMMENT] He made contact with Esteban Ocon at Ste Devote while Fernando Alonso held up any potential late charge. It came as the German manufacturer lacked pace to the frontrunners with their W13 machine. Mercedes eventually got on top of their issues with Hamilton challenging for wins before the end of last season. The Silver Arrows appear more optimistic over 2023’s W14 model as both Hamilton and George Russell praised it during demonstration laps last week. Hamilton said he was “comfortable” in the car, months after complaining of back pain at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix due to porpoising.