Arsenal have been handed the green light to sign Marco Asensio on a free transfer should they wish after Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti declared he "doesn't care" whether the Spaniard stays put. Asensio has found himself linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium again in recent weeks and with the attacker now in the final six months of his contract, Arsenal are free to discuss terms with the player.  Real Madrid are thought to be open to extending his deal, mind, following a recent upturn in form for Los Blancos. Asensio's development was somewhat halted by a host of bad injuries that have prevented him from fulfilling his potential in the Spanish capital. Still, he remains one of the most exciting opportunities on the market due to his expiring contract with Real Madrid. Ancelotti, who could be set to leave the club himself, does not seem to be overly fussed as to whether Asensio stays or leaves at the end of the season. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light The Italian tactician said: "He looks good to me, so I don't know if he stays or not. Maybe he does, maybe he doesn't. I don't care much. "We have some important challenges this season. The most important thing is that he contributes like last year. "Let him continue as he is doing now. Then the club makes the most appropriate decision in the end." According to The Mirror, Asensio's agents recently held talks with Arsenal over a possible move to the Premier League. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race It is currently unclear whether Asensio is a target of interest to Mikel Arteta, who is already stacked with a number of exciting options in attack. Manchester United have also been linked with a swoop for the versatile forward, who can play both as an attacking midfielder or winger, respectively. Asensio's future is about much more than just wages though as he seeks assurances of regular game time. That is not something he is currently receiving at Real Madrid which is why he could decide to pursue a new challenge elsewhere. The same would also apply at Arsenal, where there is little chance he will become a regular in Arteta's starting XI due to the Gunners' strength in depth. Asensio started and was on target on Wednesday evening as Real Madrid thrashed Elche 4-0. The Spain international started as the right winger as Federico Valverde dropped back into a deeper midfield role. Barcelona, Leeds and Newcastle have also been credited with a reported interest in the past six months, meaning Asensio is unlikely to be short of suitors should he wish to depart Real Madrid.