Gareth Bale announced just weeks after retirement from football that he would be starring in a PGA Tour event and his tee times have now been confirmed ahead of his highly-anticipated appearance at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am. Former Wales captain Bale will be one of 156 amateurs competing alongside professionals in the tournament, with the field including US Open champion Matt Fizpatrick and three-time major winner Jordan Spieth. Bale is a well-known golf nut and damaged his reputation with Real Madrid fans when he was famously pictured holding the banner ‘Wales. Golf Madrid. In that Order.’ while on Wales duty in 2019. But the five-time Champions League winner is already making the most of his time away from football as he heads to California to compete on the iconic Pebble Beach links.  And the 33-year-old has been paired with American Joseph Bramlett for the unique event, which is played across three courses. Bale will tee off in a group alongside Bramlett, Jerry Lang and the Yahoo founder’s pro partner David Lingmerth at 4:30pm at Spyglass Hill on Thursday February 2. He will take on the Monterey Peninsula course on Friday from 6:09pm before visiting Pebble Beach for his 5:14pm tee time on the third day. The Pro-Am part of the tournament is determined by the best scores of the professionals and amateurs on each hole and Bale will be playing alongside his pro Bramlett with a 2 handicap.  Bale will also have an added incentive with the top 20 Pro-Am teams making it to Sunday’s final round at Pebble Beach, while the standard PGA Tour event field is cut to the top 60 players and ties. Bale sharpened up for his first PGA Tour event by playing alongside European Ryder Cup star Jon Rahm in the Farmers Insurance Open Pro-Am at Torrey Pines last week. And 2021 US Open champion Rahm was clearly impressed by his ability on the course. “I told Gareth, 'you can't be so good at professional football and golf at the same time, it just doesn't seem fair'," Spaniard Rahm said. "Can't be dedicated to one thing and have this much talent for golf, it's not fair in the slightest."