Manchester United chiefs are big fans of Marcel Sabitzer, according to reports. Bayern Munich are said to be open to selling the star in the summer and already have a replacement lined up. Sabitzer joined United late on deadline day in January. The injury to Christian Eriksen, which will keep him out for three months, led to Erik ten Hag going into the market for a midfielder. The Austria international made his debut in the 2-1 win over Crystal Palace and started both matches against Leeds. Casemiro's absence following his red card against Palace has seen Sabitzer thrust straight into the deep end. But he has impressed both United fans and the club's hierarchy. Sabitzer's deal is a straight loan with no option to buy. READ MORE: O'Hara urges Conte to quit Tottenham now ahead of AC Milan clash  German football reporter Florian Plettenberg says the Red Devils board are impressed by Sabitzer's impact. He claims Bayern are open to seling and could replace him with Konrad Laimer. Bayern are widely reported to have agreed a deal to sign Laimer on a free transfer in the summer. His contract at RB Leipzig is expiring at the end of the season. Plettenberg tweeted: "News #Sabitzer: The Board of #MUFC is totally confident with his performances in the last days. They like his physical strength. His future is still open. Been told again it’s a straight loan. But Bayern is very open to sell him. Laimer could replace him instead." Sabitzer started his career in Austria with Admira Wacker and had a seven-year spell at Leipzig before joining Bayern in 2021. He made just seven starts in the Bundesliga in the first half of this season before leaving for United. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksEx-Arsenal star Flamini is now worth over 30 times more than RonaldoLiverpool and four other English clubs Neymar can join as PSG 'decide to sell'  The 28-year-old recently discussed the potential of making the move permanent. Sabitzer said: "It's a loan at the moment, that's all I can say. "I like it here. I'm feeling very good here. I like the team, I like the club, the atmosphere in Old Trafford. We will see what happens in the summer. "It's been a busy few days. I had to come in quick but I enjoy it. I like it so far. The team welcome me very well. It was a bit of a cold start but I had to step in quick because of the Casemiro suspension. I'm ready for that and happy playing. "You can feel it. From the first moment on, I felt very good in the team – good spirit, good goals, we're a good team. It's fun. The manager talking to me a lot, what he's expecting from me. I try to fulfil that. I'm feeling good with him and his tactics and I like it so far."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here