Nicklas Bendtner once dated royalty and was a victim of blackmail after allegedly getting one of his lovers pregnant during his time at Arsenal. They are just two incredible stories from his 2020 auto-biography 'Both Sides', detailing his wild career after graduating from the Hale End academy. After debuting for Arsenal in 2005, the Danish striker was released nine years later and spent the remainder of his career playing for Wolfsburg, Nottingham Forest, Rosenborg and Copenhagen. In his final move, he returned to Tarnby FF, the fourth-tier side in his homeland, where he played before moving to London. Post-retirement, he has made somewhat of a career in literature... Three years ago, Bendtner released 'Both Sides', widely hailed by journalists and critics alike for an inside view of being a young Premier League footballer. A couple of stories, in particular, have re-emerged since. Bendtner wrote about when a girl blackmailed him into paying for her boob job after claiming he had got her pregnant. And the 35-year-old recalled the situation, admitting he financed the cosmetic surgery, likely to keep the mistake under wraps. Bendtner wrote: "One of the girls I've been with comes back and claims I've got her pregnant. [She says] there's a price if she's going to do something about it. JUST IN: USA duo told they 'have got to get out' of the Premier League  "'And what does that mean?' I ask. 'It means you've got to pay for a pair of new boobs for me. I want my t*****s fixed,' she says. So I end up paying for her trip to the cosmetic surgeon." But Bendtner's love life has been bizarre beyond that, like the time when he dated Danish royalty in the late 2000s. He reportedly met Baroness Caroline Iuel-Brockdorff, who later gave birth to his son, on a reality TV show, but they split up in 2011. After their split was official, a friend of the couple told The Sun: "It was a whirlwind romance, and they were madly in love – perhaps they did realise, in the end, they were poles apart in age and outlook. "The birth of a child can put a strain on any relationship, but there seems to have been more pressure on them both recently in the last couple of weeks." Another source revealed: "They decided to go their separate ways now rather than have a messy divorce in the future. They will, of course, remain in close contact because of the child." DON'T MISS Real Madrid star Thibaut Courtois fires shots at LiverpoolChelsea 'hold emergency Graham Potter meeting' ahead of Tottenham gameTodd Boehly 'spying' on Graham Potter and Chelsea coaches Apart from the two standout stories, Bendtner confessed to several other wacky relationships in his book, like when his Porsche was smashed up or when he woke up to find all his clothes on the driveway. "Another night, a girl chucks a cobblestone through the back window of one of my Porsches," Bendtner added. "I'm up in the apartment, and I can hear her shouting and screaming, but I don't go outside. There's nothing to talk about. She's p**sed off because I don't want to keep seeing her. "On a third night, a girl checks my phone while I'm asleep. I guess she finds out I've got a few others on the go besides her. "The next morning, she's gone. So are my clothes. They've been thrown out of the window and are lying on the footpath." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here