Eagle-eyed royal fans have spotted an uncanny resemblance between Princess Eugenie's two-year-old son August and another young member of the Firm. Eugenie, 32, posted a short video of 'Augie' on her Instagram account to mark his birthday.  The post was accompanied with a caption which said: "Happy 2nd Birthday to our boy Augie. "You are the world's greatest joy. Keep dancing and smiling my angel." The post was well-received by fans of the Royal Family on social media, with more than 55,000 likes and over 1,200 comments. Several even suggested August looks rather similar to another prominent young royal. JUST IN: Princess Eugenie shares adorable video of son ‘Augie’ to mark his second birthday Instagram user @coco_ella17 said: "Looks like Harry's son Archie." Another user, using the handle @armyjane, added: "He and his cousin Archie resemble one another." Other comparisons included Princess Eugenie, Prince Harry and Archie's younger sister, Lilibet. User @jenniferh86 wrote: "August is the image of his Mummy." READ MORE: Kate will 'never make nice with Meghan' as she believes Duchess 'orchestrated everything' Eugenie gave birth to August Brooksbank on February 9, 2021 at Portland Hospital in London. August's birthday comes weeks after Eugenie announced she is pregnant - her second child with Jack Brooksbank. Buckingham Palace said in a statement: "Princess Eugenie and Mr Jack Brooksbank are pleased to announce they are expecting their second child this summer. "The family are delighted and August is very much looking forward to being a big brother." DON'T MISS:University students barricade themselves into buildings in rent row [LATEST]50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream [REVEAL]Fern Britton pines for former family life as she yearns to go back [CELEB]  Prince Andrew's youngest daughter also shared the news on Instagram in a separate post uploaded on January 24. She said: "We're excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer."