 The Office and Pirates of the Caribbean star, Mackenzie Crook, 51, begged the public for assistance in finding Laurel Aldridge, 62. The mum-of-three was last seen in the Walberton area in West Sussex and has been receiving chemotherapy treatment recently.   Mackenzie and his family have spoken out about their concern for Laurel, with her son-in-law noting she may be experiencing a “mental health episode”. The actor, who is known for his role as Gareth Keenan in The Office and Ragetti in Pirates of the Caribbean series, utilised his star power to make an appeal for public help. Speaking to ITV in an emotional interview, Mackenzie noted her disappearance is “very out of character”. He explained: "She left her house early Tuesday morning and she's not been seen since. READ MORE: Penny Lancaster showcases natural beauty as her youngest child with Rod Stewart turns 12  "That's in the Walberton area where a lot of people are looking in the local woodlands along the roads and stuff like that.” Mackenzie made a special appeal asking people to check their gardens and look in places “she might have crept in to lay down for the night”. He emphasised that those who have checked these areas should “check again”. The actor noted the family are growing more worried as Laurel will now have been missing for four nights.     He highlighted that the mum-of-three was last seen in a grey coat with a bright blue fleece under it. She also donned a brown woolly hat, a turtle scarf and black trousers. On Wednesday, Laurel’s son-in-law Charlie Wheeler spoke with local news site The Argus about Laurel’s disappearance, adding that she had given no notice or indication of where she would be going. Charlie noted that Laurel had last been seen on Ring doorbell footage on February 14 and had left without her keys, cards and car.  He said: “She’s just vanished. We don’t know where she’s gone. “She’s currently undergoing chemo treatment and we’re worried she might be having some sort of mental health episode.” While Charlie noted that she usually “walks her dogs all around Walberton”, her pets are still at home. He added: “We’re looking for people to keep their eye out, rather than actively searching for her.  “It’s not about disrupting the police operation but rather keeping eyes peeled in the local areas.” Arun Police have asked people to call 999 quoting 347 of 14/02 if they see Laurel. Sussex Police are currently searching for Laurel and a coastguard team and helicopter were reportedly also used earlier this week. On their Twitter page, Sussex Police posted on Wednesday: "We're growing increasingly concerned for Laurel Aldridge, who has been missing from Walberton, near Arundel, since yesterday. "She may have travelled as far north as Bignor Hill, and we're urging anyone who sees her to please call 999 quoting 347 of 14/02."