A suspected gas explosion at a house in South Wales has injured two teenagers. Emergency services rushed a man, 19, and an 18-year-old woman to hospital following a blast in Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, at 10.20pm on February 1. Neighbours of the pair described the moment they heard a shudder and screams as the explosion rocked the area on Wednesday night. The local health executive said that five people were in the house, with the remaining three taken to A&E, Wales Online reported. The explosion left the home badly damaged, and the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) has launched an investigation. A spokesman for the organisation said personnel were made aware of a "suspected gas explosion" at a "family home" on Wednesday. They added that two of the five people taken remain in hospital with burn injures, but that they are "not believed to be life-threatening" Other nearby homes were damaged in the explosion, and a neighbour described the "frightening" events of yesterday. The unnamed woman told Wales Online her household could "just hear screaming", and she went to stand on her doorstep. She said she could "hear a man screaming" after walking outside. The neighbour added that she could "see the family outside" appearing "completely distressed" after venturing down to the end of her drive. She said others started following her lead, and together they ran up to the home and found out "there had been an explosion”. One of the neighbours dialled 999 while another tended to the victims, she said. The property's occupants were outside in the cold wearing pyjamas, and people gave them blankets as they waited for emergency services to arrive. Pictures from today show the home with a damaged roof and blown-open window, but while there was no fire the night before, the neighbour said there was clear “destruction”. Her eldest son was profoundly impacted by the "frightening" event as he helped carry blankets to the scene. As investigations gathered steam earlier this afternoon, council staff and engineers have arrived at the site.