The self-development coach and best-selling author joined the Channel 4 hosts to discuss the act of manifestation and gave advice to viewers as to how they can start their manifesting journey. However, Sunday Brunch viewers were left annoyed at the hosts, claiming they looked "bored" and "didn't have a clue" when talking to Roxie. When asked what manifesting was and why she wrote her books, Roxie explained: "I think that lockdown provided a unique experience. "We all had to give up all our ways to escape, whether that was through our work or partying or just keeping ourselves busy. "So we had to look inward and we had this unique time of reflection, and at the same time, there's lots of uncertainty. manifesting specifically gives you this kind of anchor, this grounding. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error "The opportunity to look inward at what you can to take control of your life." Simon expanded: "We had never been in that situation before in our life, you were trapped in your own home going, 'I don't know who I am, what I am, what I want?'" Roxie agreed and continued: "Yeah! Absolutely, I think a lot of people started to think about what makes me happy. "A lot of us were in that rat race and we got off and went, 'I don't want to be doing what I have been doing all this time.' "So you have to evaluate everything, and self-development and self-help have seen a huge resurgence. "More people are going, 'I want to feel good, I want to make my life better' and we all deserve that." During the interaction, Tim sat quietly with his hand covering his face looking as if he wasn't taking in what she was saying. Viewers noticed his lack of engagement with the conversation and took to their Twitter to express their annoyance at the Channel 4 presenter. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [WATCH]There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [LATEST] Kevin Donald wrote: "#SundayBrunch needed to turn over from Sunday Brunch, can't listen to this woman anymore. Should C4 be promoting this? Feels like a con." @Rise_and_shine7 commented: "Tim and Simon look like they are really into this conversation... For once they aren't talking over one another." @iCrowby teased: "You’ve lost Tim. He hasn’t got a clue what’s going on. #SundayBrunch." Oliver Till added: "Watching #Sundaybrunch . It’s pretty evident no one has a clue what manifesting is. Tim and Simon's blank expressions prove that. As far as I can tell, it’s a fancy word for trying." @TerraceFabulous added: "#Sundaybrunch I get the feeling Tim & Simon don’t believe in manifesting." (sic) However, not all viewers were in agreement with Simon and Tim as Lucy Gauntlett said: "Feel Tim and Simon are being very judgemental on this manifesting section #sundaybrunch." (sic) As the conversation continued, Tim struggled to understand the concept of manifestation and questioned the reliability of manifesting. Sunday Brunch airs Sundays from 9.30am on Channel 4.