Farming contractor Kaleb Cooper is Jeremy Clarkson's right-hand man on Diddly Squat Farm who is continuing to advise the Who Wants to be a Millionaire host on the best ways to run his 1,000-acre farm in the Cotswolds. The pair recently appeared on the Performance People podcast when Jeremy shared how Kaleb had the skill set to run the farm by himself as he lives and breathes agriculture.  During the podcast interview, Kaleb revealed he spends about 85 percent of his time farming in Oxfordshire, admitting his goal is to have his very own farm. "When Clarkson's Farm came out for the first time and people said Jeremy needs advice, people were offering me a lot of money," he explained. "This could have potentially bought me a farm but Jeremy gave me advice and I am very grateful for that." "I was like, 'I could buy my farm' and then he was like, 'Wait, wait, wait' so I turned everything down." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation  Reflecting on working on Diddly Squat Farm, Jeremy gushed: "The truth be told, the only person needed [on the farm] is him. "I mean you could do this farm by yourself, you could do it easily on your own. "I am just trying to learn because I want to know more." Kaleb went on to explain 600 acres of land is "one man's work" and that includes cultivation, drilling, spraying and combining.  "I could probably do the whole thing on my own," Kaleb confidently told Jeremy. The former Top Gear host replied: "Well I wanted to learn which is what the programme was all about." The first season of Clarkson's Farm was a huge hit with viewers who got to understand the struggles farmers face across Britain. Jeremy noted how lonely his farm would be if it was run by one person, adding: "Imagine all the farmers right now who are literally on their own right now. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson breaks viewing records for Prime Video despite column [LATEST]Clarkson’s Farm's Kaleb Cooper admits he pays himself just 50p [UPDATE]Jeremy Clarkson warns Kaleb over 'taking corporate shilling'  [INSIGHT] "And they are on a tractor right now thinking, 'I am going to have zero money.' "And they have a family at home and they have no money, that's why the suicide rate among farmers is [so high]." Jeremy claimed: "The suicide rate has overtaken vets I believe."  "It's because it's lonely and they are not being paid - nobody would go to work if they knew they were not going to get any money." However, Kaleb still had hopes of having a profitable farm in the future complete with many pigs and various crops. "Say to yourself dreams don't work unless you do," Kaleb told listeners as Jeremy chuckled. Clarkson's Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video and Performance People is on Apple Podcasts. 