The This Morning icon has been dating Ben Hawkins for two years, keeping their romance mostly private. However, according to the presenter’s future father-in-law, Alison Hammond is set to walk down the aisle with her gardener boyfriend. Colin Hawkins, 72, spilt the pair had “proposed to one another”. Asked by MailOnline if his son and Alison were engaged, he said: "I do know they have both proposed to one another but there are no rings that I know of." He also hailed Alison, 48, the "nicest woman we’ve ever met" and spoke of how loved-up the two are. "They are really happy but they haven’t got everything sorted just yet but they are both talking about marriage, that is true," he explained. "What I do know is that when it happens, none of us will know about it because it’ll be done in private. That much they have told me. "I love Alison to bits. She’s the nicest woman we’ve ever met. "I would love to tell you a load of stories and they are all good, but I can’t because she’s asked us to keep things private." He added that you can always go to Alison when you’re "in trouble" and "she will help you". "That’s the way she is," he declared. "I know they will get it together and I won’t be there to see it but it will be a very proud day for me. I will be Alison’s father-in-law and that’ll be lovely." During an appearance on the podcast Saving Grace in November, Alison told host Grace Keeling that she was dating someone. Speaking about her new relationship, Alison said: "You want to know how I got him? "I just said, 'Babes, do you think you can handle this juice?!' “He's like 'I'm all over it!" She added that it was "a little bit" like love at first sight when she met her man. Alison said she had been in a relationship for over a year and she was ready for her mystery man to propose. During a red carpet appearance at The Ethnicity Awards in October, Alison said: "There is someone special, and if he wants to pop the question, he can pop away." Despite opening up about him on the podcast and on other shows, Alison has tried to keep Ben’s identity a secret. 