With the death toll already well over 2,000 and rising, it is a disaster on a scale that British people, mercifully, are unlikely to ever experience and may therefore struggle to comprehend. The destruction wrought by Mother Nature will have a devastating effect on communities well beyond the initial shocks which brought buildings crashing down on their occupants as they slept. Even as those who have lost everything dig frantically through the rubble of their towns and villages to find survivors, a new menace threatens them. The absence of the food, water, medicine, communications, and sanitation that we take for granted, added to weather that had already made conditions difficult, will put many more lives at risk for perhaps months. It is absolutely right that Britain pledges its full support for the rescue and recovery efforts already started by the brave Turks and Syrians, and that other major nations do the same. Disasters may be a natural phenomenon, but so is the instinct for humans to help other humans in their hour of need. Few workers offer more compassion for less reward than Britain's army of carers, both paid and volunteers. Now the care sector is in crisis because of the alarming exodus of workers quitting for less skilled, less responsible but higher-paid jobs elsewhere, with the fate of millions of vulnerable patients left in the balance. And if the care sector collapses then so will the NHS, which is already struggling because of the number of elderly patients well enough to be discharged from hospital but without the necessary care packages to go home to. Leading voices in the industry have, through the Daily Express, called on Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to implement a national minimum wage for carers to halt the loss of workers. In the current financial climate, with so many other pressing demands on the Government, it is a tough demand. But the country - and care receivers - cannot afford for their plea for help to fall on deaf ears. Congratulations to Frank Foster, Britain's oldest referee, who, at 89, has taken his officiating well into added time. The men in black like Frank may be much maligned but without them and their dedication, the beautiful game would not be the same, and footballers could learn a lot from his standards of sportsmanship. Frank has no intention of blowing the final whistle on his hobby any time soon, and it doesn't take VAR to know he's got that decision spot-on.