Ivanka shared photos of herself and her husband, Jared, on social media yesterday, showing the both of them walking in a forest in New York state. Both were wearing hiking gear, suggesting they often go for walks. Ivanka has previously shared photos of herself running, and she goes to the gym to maintain a healthy physique. Ivanka’s diet and exercise regime has changed a lot over the years. Back in 2016, she told Eat This, Not That! that she “ate like a teenager”. Before her pregnancy, she said she ate “carbs three times a day usually in the form of pasta or pizza.” She continued: “Slowly, I started to actually enjoy, if not crave, these healthier options. Now healthy eating is the norm for me, especially at breakfast and lunch.” Post-pregnancy, Ivanka said she consumed a balanced diet, based on “making the right choices”.  She ate healthy, filling foods like salmon, chicken, salad, and vegetable soup, as well as healthy fats like fatty fish, including salmon and mackerel, keep one feeling fuller for longer. However, Ivanka noted that she stayed away from juices, saying: “I tried a juice cleanse, and it was a total disaster. For the eight hours that I lasted, I felt like I was on the brink of starvation.” To maintain her healthy and slim physique, Ivanka avoids processed carbs and focuses instead on complex carbohydrates, such as whole grains and oats, according to The Daily Meal. The 41-year-old has previously shared photos of her meals on Instagram, including her breakfasts, which usually consist of “either Greek yoghurt and berries or ‘fancy oatmeal’.” DON'T MISS: 'Healthy' recipe for 'flaky' and 'tender' air fryer salmon burgers [RECIPE]I used white vinegar and baking soda to roast potatoes - results [VIDEO]'Michelin star' method for a 'perfect, runny' poached egg [REVEAL] Speaking about her children, she said: “If they choose oatmeal, I get out all sorts of toppings - chia seeds, berries, flaxseed, goji berries, cinnamon, walnuts, and almonds - and the kids get to ‘decorate’ their oatmeal.” According to My Morning Routine, Ivanka starts her days with a “large glass with lemon”, followed by “a big cup of coffee”. This is after she has woken up at 5:30am to meditate and work out “or both”. “I like to be fully ready for the day before my children get up so that my mornings are completely focused on them. READ MORE: Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method “Meditation is one of the most important things I do each day. I meditate for twenty minutes, ideally twice daily. “Sometimes I miss the afternoon session, but I always make the morning one. It's been invaluable in terms of calming my mind and allowing me to think more clearly.” Ivanka also does a “fusion workout”, which combines yoga, Pilates, dance, and meditation. She has recently shared yoga videos and instructions on her Instagram, to inspire her followers. But the mother-of-three is also a fan of cardio. According to Eat This, Not That!, she enjoys cycling and spinning classes. She even ran a half marathon in 2015, suggesting she is an avid runner. Ivanka told People: “I had never run like a half mile in my life, so this was a very daunting experience. “But in addition to having an amazing time with the incredible women that work for me, I also picked up a running bug - like I really actually rather enjoy it. So, I go out with my husband every Saturday morning – we’ll run for an hour and we'll just chat. It’s an amazing time for the two of us as well.”