Lockwood and Co continues to be a huge hit on Netflix with fans hoping for news of season two soon. The end of the first season saw Quill Kipps and Anthony Lockwood (played by Cameron Chapman) settle their differences. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about actor Jack Bandeira, including his age. Jack's role in Lockwood and Co saw him bully and taunt Anthony in front of his friends and colleagues. Having worked for a rival agency, there was fierce competition between the two characters. But by the end of the series, the pair learned to work together as they had a common enemy. Jack was born in March 1994, making him 28 years old as of 2023. READ MORE: Phillip sparks uproar as he brags he saw Happy Valley finale early He was most recently known for playing money launderer and drug dealer Matija Jankovic in the final season of Happy Valley. As one of Darius' (Alec Secareanu) henchmen, he would do whatever the crime kingpin asked of him. He had a huge part to play in Tommy Lee Royce's (James Norton) escape from police custody in the final season. Unfortunately for him, Matija got his comeuppance when police raided the house he had been staying at and he was arrested. Jack's other credits include My Policeman, After Ever Happy and The Silent Twins. The star is also known for his guest roles in Silent Witness, Sex Education and Cold Courage. His career started back in 2013, when he was 19 years old, in the series Middleton. He soon landed roles in hit series such as Holby City, Vera and The Witcher. DON'T MISS...Lockwood and Co star recalls ‘challenging’ first week of filmingLockwood and Co showrunner explains when and where series takes placeLockwood and Co series 2 hopes as creator speaks out on show's future The past two years have been extremely busy for the star and he is likely to be snapped up for more roles following Happy Valley and Lockwood and Co. Whilst Happy Valley has come to a definitive end, he could return as Quill in a second season of Lockwood and Co. The series is based on the books of the same name by Jonathan Stroud and the first season ended on a huge cliffhanger. The show's creators have said they would love for the story to continue and have plans to delve deeper into the main characters. Netflix is yet to officially renew the series, but it is likely given its well-documented success. Ever since it first started airing the show has held its position at the top of the Netflix charts. Jack has not revealed much about his next career move but fans are keen to follow the star's journey. Lockwood and Co is on Netflix now