Residents of a small US town have been left alarmed after thousands of dead fish and other animals have been found in the aftermath of a major chemical leak following a train derailment accident. Residents living in East Palestine, Ohio have expressed fear for their animals and water sources after they were exposed to hazardous chemicals. Thousands of residents in the small rural town are currently dealing with the fallout from a toxic materials spill caused by a train derailment earlier this month. Health officials have warned that the harmful chemical substances have entered the atmosphere and river in the area, potentially impacting as many as 25 million people. A 150-car train carrying hazardous materials derailed in the village of East Palestine, Ohio, on February 3 and caused a huge fire to break out, forcing thousands of residents to evacuate. Eleven days after the toxic materials were released into the water, the devastating consequences of the incident are still being brought into focus. The Ohio Department of Natural Resources noted that the chemical spill from the derailment has ended up killing an estimated 3,500 small fish across seven and a half miles of streams. Meanwhile, investigative journalist Jeremy Loffredo shared footage of dead frogs and fish in a river, tweeting: While East Palestine residents are being told by Norfolk Southern and Ohio officials that everything is safe after the toxic “controlled release” — I’m here and witnessing creeks filled with dead frogs and fish. While authorities have told residents of the area around that town that it was safe to return home, many locals have remained unconvinced that the area is safe. One resident of North Lima, more than 10 miles from East Palestine, telling local news WKBN-TV of Youngstown that her five hens and a rooster had suddenly died on Tuesday. Just a day earlier, rail operator Norfolk Southern carried out a controlled burn to prevent an explosion - this caused noxious black clouds to billow into the atmosphere. The controlled burn released phosgene, a gas deployed as a chemical weapon in World War One because it can cause eye irritation, dry burning throat and vomiting. READ MORE: Biden accused of failing Ohio aftet toxic train crash chaos Cathey Reese, who lives in Negley, Ohio, told NBC affiliate WPXI of Pittsburgh last week that she saw dead fish in a stream flowing in her: "Don’t tell me it’s safe. Something is going on if the fish are floating in the creek." Meanwhile, Jenna Giannios, 39, a wedding photographer said that she has had a persistent cough for the past week and a half. She said: "They only evacuated only 1 mile from that space, and that’s just insane to me. I’m concerned with the long-term health impact. It’s just a mess." Health officials were initially concerned about the presence of vinyl chloride in the water, which is a colourless gas that burns easily and can increase a person's risk of developing cancer when exposed to it. However, new evidence appears to suggest that other toxins, such as ethylene glycol monobutyl ether, Ethylhexyl acrylate and isobutylene were also being carried in the rail cars that were derailed. The Northern Southern freight train careened off the tracks after suffering from a broken axle, officials confirmed. Following the crash, residents in the small town of East Palestine are continuing to deal with the environmental and health consequences of the train derailment. Officials confirmed that chemicals from the derailment have seeped into the Ohio River basin, potentially affecting 25 million people. Vinyl chloride was being carried in around 20 carriages, which is used to make plastic pipes, wires, cable coating, car parts and packaging, and spilt out into the rural town. The substance is associated with an increased risk of a rare form of liver cancer, hepatic angiosarcoma, along with primary liver cancer, brain and lung cancers, lymphoma and leukaemia, according to Cancer.gov. Emergency crews rushed to the scene and sent five tankers containing vinyl chloride into an excavated trench where they carried out a controlled burn to prevent an explosion - this caused noxious black clouds to billow into the atmosphere.