Tyson Fury has insisted he will not be doing any business with Anthony Joshua after AJ’s promoter Eddie Hearn offered up the all-British showdown for this summer if a deal with Oleksandr Usyk can’t be made. Fury and Usyk are currently in crunch talks for an April 29 clash at Wembley Stadium for all four major sanctioning body belts. Joshua returns to the ring on April 1 against Jermaine Franklin and according to Hearn is open to fighting Fury provided he wins in the spring. But Fury has rubbished the call out and says that Joshua has been ‘dead’ to him ever since the pair failed to agree upon a deal for a December showdown at the back end of last year. "I don't even [want to] go there anymore. Finished. No interest in any AJ questions. Zero. Man's dead in my eyes," Fury told SPORTbible. "There's no business between me and him to be done. Finished. From 2017 to, however long it's been, 2022 - trying to make a fight. So, it's not happening." This comes after Hearn told iFL TV: “I don’t know what’s going to happen with the Usyk [vs Fury] thing, he may fight Fury next. We would be open for that fight. If Usyk doesn’t fight Fury, AJ will fight Fury next in the summer if he gets through Franklin. How about that? Stick that in your pipe and smoke it – he will. “I have no idea whether Fury-Usyk is going to happen. I can only give you my opinion, but I’m telling you if that fight doesn’t happen, we will take the Fury fight. He [Joshua] will take that fight, he will take the Wilder fight he’d take them all. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul will earn a world ranking if he overcomes fierce rival Fury Joshua chose 'wrong opponent' in Franklin as three 'better foes' named Usyk's promoter fires back at Fury's 'Hollywood' fight demands “Don’t be surprised to see that fight [AJ vs Fury] in the summer if the other one don’t happen, because that’s much bigger than the Usyk fight, much bigger. So just something I’ve been thinking about lately, might be a little tinkle to George Warren, but we’ll see.” Usyk’s promoter Alexander Krassyuk recently flew out to London to thrash out a deal for the undisputed fight. The Ukrainian was pictured last night with Fury’s representatives George and Frank Warren at the Emirates Stadium as they witnessed Arsenal lose 3-1 to Manchester City. Both parties remain ‘optimistic’ that they can sign the contracts in the coming days with Krassyuk hopeful they can shake on a 50-50 purse split.  