It is not every day you run into an Emmy winner on a bus, and it is even less likely you will find said award winner driving the vehicle. But that is exactly what passengers in a rural part of the country may find.  Tim Hall, who worked in TV for 40 years, including on the iconic Gladiators early in his career, took home Emmys for his work as a lighting director on Olympic ceremonies in Russia and Rio. Following his retirement in early 2022, he found himself thinking, "Is this it?" Tim decided to come out of retirement to drive electric buses in Surrey, which launched in June last year, reports Surrey Live. Passengers, both regular and new, have praised the service for being reliable and good value, as well as for the care and attention shown by the drivers.   As well as more than £600,000 in central government funding for better rural transport links in Surrey, the county council has put in more than £200,000 to the Mole Valley service and hopes to expand the scheme further. Tim admitted there is often a lot of chat to be had on the buses. "You can start a conversation off and before you know it you have been excluded from it," he said. The buses can be booked on an app, via a website, or on the phone, and have no fixed route. Would-be passengers can check the availability at the time they want to travel and can book in advance or on the day, a minimum of half an hour ahead.  The service is also part of the capped bus fare scheme, meaning that until the end of March all journeys will cost £2, though those over five miles would normally cost £3. Mother and daughter Beryl and Alison Wood had booked the bus from Cobham Sainsbury’s, one of the extra places passengers can travel outside of the designated area, back to Beryl’s Bookham home with their shopping. It was Beryl’s first time using the service, which she described as "wonderful" but Alison said she uses the bus a few times a month, whether for visiting her mum or for other reasons. Alison said the drivers always made sure passengers got on and off safely, including helping with their shopping, which was particularly important for elderly people or those who are less mobile. She added: "You feel like you're being taken care of. [The drivers make] sure that you're out of the bus safely."  Other out-of-area stops that passengers can travel to include Effingham Junction station and the Dorking stations, as well as Cobham's Waitrose and Epsom hospital. Tim said the bus was very important to the people who use it, especially for those with reduced mobility as well as those using wheelchairs or other aids to get around. He added: "[Walking] more than 100 yards is too much for them. This is great. We pull up right outside their front door." 