Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has had to contend with Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre Ter Stegen actively trying to prevent Frenkie de Jong from leaving. The Dutchman was the Red Devils' top target over the summer transfer window in a long-running saga. However, he decided to remain at the Camp Nou instead. De Jong was heavily linked with a move away from Barcelona over the summer with the La Liga giants believed to view him as dispensable and a way to solve their financial issues. The strongest speculation regarded United, with the club reportedly having a bid accepted, but Chelsea were also in the conversation. However, De Jong decided to stay at the club and has been rewarded with a substantial amount of match action. He has made 26 appearances in all competitions over the course of the campaign, helping complement Sergio Busquets, Pedri and Gavi. The 25-year-old’s team mates are more than happy that he has stayed, with Ter Stegen among them. The German goalkeeper has said he would like to play with De Jong forever and would be prepared to physically tie him down to do that as he looks to thwart Ten Hag’s potential future transfer plans. JUST IN: UEFA decide on blocking Qatari Man Utd takeover amid possible hurdle “I think one day I will just put something here to keep him here forever. I hope he will be here for a long time,” Ter Stegen told reporters. “I was hoping that he would stay [last summer] because this is the type of player I want to have in my team. There were many rumours and discussions but I am just happy that he stayed; I don't want him to leave. “I have a super high opinion of him but I also expect a lot from him because of the player he is. He has so much talent. He sees and feels football in a different way and he is someone that players like Gavi and Pedri, for example, can look up to.”  The two European giants will face off in the Europa League on Thursday in a powerhouse battle at the Camp Nou. Ter Stegen will be central to his team’s chances as he tries to prevent Marcus Rashford from continuing his excellent run of form. The 30-year-old is enjoying the best season of his Barcelona career, conceding just seven La Liga goals all season. It is set to be an intense encounter between the two sides with kick-off at 5.45pm on Thursday and the game broadcast live on BT Sport.