Approaching Jose Mourinho over a sensational third return to Stamford Bridge is somewhat unthinkable but should Todd Boehly decide to axe Graham Potter, The Special One deserves to at least be in the conversation. That is an utterly mind-blowing concept given what has happened since Mourinho was fired by Chelsea in December 2015 following a 2-1 defeat at Leicester. Mourinho has gone on to manage Chelsea's rivals Manchester United and Tottenham while also continuing to make digs at the Blues during both failed spells. But what has become evident during Mourinho's time with Roma is that Chelsea will always be his English club despite everything they have been through. Mourinho has always kept his house in west London and there is now a lingering sense that he would love to return to the club for one last crack at the whip. Although his time with Roma has been incredibly beneficial, the chance to return to Stamford Bridge or the Premier League is surely an opportunity he couldn't ignore. READ MORE: Graeme Souness attacks ref that 'never played the game' after ignoring Man Utd red card Back in May 2022 when Chelsea were going through their change of ownership, Mourinho talked openly about his feelings in relation to the Blues, declaring his connection remains strong. He told Sky Sports: "If you ask me, do I have somebody that I would love to take over from 'my Chelsea', let's say that." When quizzed on whether he had a preference for who should succeed Roman Abramovich as owner, he added: "Yes, I have but I will close my mouth. I just know that the club reached such a level that it doesn't matter who it's with "I just know the club has reached such a level that it doesn't matter who it's with, Chelsea will always be Chelsea. Chelsea will always be. “My house will always be 200 metres from the stadium and I want to keep listening to the sound of happiness and success and I'm pretty sure it's going to be like that.” DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callChelsea 'offer Mason Mount in Joao Felix swap deal' proposal as Atletico Madrid respondMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race While Mourinho's stock has undoubtedly fallen over the past five or so years, he still knows Chelsea like the back of his hand and bizarrely, given what he achieved, it appears he is still somehow adored by the club's supporters. Mourinho received hostile receptions every time he returned to Stamford Bridge as the opposition manager with both United and Spurs but it appears all has now been forgiven. The main issue that works against his favour is that Boehly sacked Thomas Tuchel because he wanted to prioritise a long-term vision and strategy. Bringing back Mourinho would be totally ripping up the script, it would feel somewhat scattergun and also represent a major gamble. Appointing Potter was obviously a risk and if he gets the time, there is every chance he could repay the club's faith in him, just as Mikel Arteta has done at Arsenal. Yet at the same time, Potter cannot afford to be losing and drawing such winnable matches when you're the manager of such a big football club. Chelsea's current wretched form is giving Boehly a decision to make and if he was to pull the trigger, there are not many attractive options on the table. Mourinho, would have to at least be in the conversation. Richard Keys thinks his return would bring some excitement back to Stamford Bridge after a dismal campaign. "Jose Mourinho is a former Chelsea manager who’s enormously popular with the crowd," The beIN SPORTS broadcaster said. "He’s the most successful individual the club has ever employed. "I think Chelsea fans would react well to that. Todd Boehly is a populist so he will want to give the fans something to get excited about." For once, Keys is right. Bringing back Mourinho is likely to end in tears but the risk is certainly worth the potential reward.