Toast is a popular breakfast option across the world and is usually accompanied by condiments such as jam, chocolate spread, honey and butter. The bread is usually heated and dried in a toaster to create crisp, browned bread. Like other appliances, toasters need to be regularly cleaned in order to keep them functioning properly. With this in mind, an expert from Morphy Richards has revealed why homeowners should always clean out their toaster’s crumb tray. Many people don’t even realise their toaster has a crumb tray. This is usually located at the bottom of the toaster. While many of us don’t even know our crumb tray exists – or only clean it out when we’re moving house – it’s actually really important that toast lovers give theirs a clean out “at least once a week”. READ MORE: First time buyer's dramatic transformation of tired Victorian terrace Crumbs in the toaster tray can smoke or burn which is why it needs to be regularly cleaned out. Cleaning the tray out regularly will also prolong the lifespan of the toaster, potentially saving you money on your energy bills. To clean out your toaster, pull out the crumb tray and empty the crumbs into the bin. Next, get a damp paper towel or cloth and wipe away any remaining trays on the tray. DON'T MISSBanish algae from patios and paving without ‘scrubbing’ [INSIGHT]‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [UPDATE]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [ANALYSIS] The tray can also be washed with warm soapy water if there is tough staining, however, it needs to be completely dry before being placed back in the toaster. Christian Strandoo, product manager at Morphy Richards, said: “There are really two types of toaster owners – those that regularly empty their toaster’s crumb tray, and those that don’t even know they existed. “The crumb tray sits underneath your toaster and catches errant crumbs so that they don’t build up inside the toaster slots. “If you’ve never noticed it before, the crumb tray compartment can usually be opened from the back of the toaster and it will slide out from underneath. READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Some toasters, such as four-slice models, might have more than one tray.” Christian said there are two reasons why the crumb tray should be regularly cleaned - safety and efficiency. He said: “The first is safety – it’s really important to clean your crumb tray regularly as crumbs can smoke or burn. “The second is that cleaning the crumb tray regularly will increase the lifespan of the product – which of course will be cost-saving and more sustainable over time.” So how often should we be cleaning out our toaster crumb trays? “Check the instructions for your particular toaster”, said Christian. “Emptying your crumb tray after every use is ideal, but for a busy toast-eating family, about once a week should do the trick. “To empty your crumb tray, it’s important to wait until the toaster has cooled down completely, and then lightly tap the sides of the case to dislodge any crumbs still lodged in the slots. “Then, simply pull out the crumb tray and brush the contents into the bin. Just remember to slot it back in before your next toast round.”