Locals have been warned by the police not to engage with a man dressed as a “creepy” Cookie Monster. According to California police, the man has been terrorising a seaside area by aggressively yelling at the visitors to the Santa Cruz Wharf.  Santa Cruz Police Department Joyce Blaschke said: “We are getting calls from people who say he is ‘creepy.’ “Based on his history, we advise the public not to engage with this individual. Steer clear from him.” Police claimed that the man had faced criminal charges in other parts of the country, however, they did not divulge more details. According to the police force, operators had received many calls about the Cookie Monster but no arrests have been made since the man hasn't committed any crimes.  One person reported he's been getting in other visitors' faces. Michelle Roberts, who was visiting the wharf told KSBW: “We saw him at the beginning of the wharf. “At first glance, it just seemed like maybe it would be fun to do a selfie with him but we were away from him and then we went to the back of the wharf by the deadlines, and that's when we saw him coming out making a commotion and getting in people's faces.” The man behind the Cookie Monster mask has been revealed as a man named Adam Sandler who shares no relation to the Hollywood actor.  READ MORE: Lukashenko won't help Putin for fear his military would 'switch sides' According to the police, the 59-year-old has a history of causing trouble in costumes. In the mid-2010s he would dress up as Elmo in San Francisco and yell at tourists who wouldn't tip when they got a photo with him, earning himself the nickname - ‘Evil Elmo'. He was eventually arrested and banned from San Francisco’s Fisherman’s Wharf and Embarcadero piers. He has a history of causing trouble across the country. DON'T MISS:EU citizens tease UK shoppers with supermarket photos  [SPOTLIGHT]Salman Rushdie blasts Roald Dahl rewrites as ‘absurd censorship’  [REVEAL]Ex-soldier celebrates as he strikes gold in Birmingham river [INSIGHT]  LA police detective Jeana Franco said in 2016: “This guy is like a national nuisance.” A business owner in Los Angeles said: “I would like to see him get some kind of help. I don’t think he belongs out on the street… no one wants to hear the Cookie Monster say he’s going to kill their family.” 