The Canadian-born English actor has dominated the fantasy genre in recent years, with key roles in HBO’s hit Game of Thrones prequel House of the Dragon as well as both seasons of Carnival Row. After returning to take over the Burgue as Jonah Breakspear alongside Sophie Longerbane (Caroline Ford), the star teased what’s next for him after wrapping up work on Prime Video’s fantasy thriller in an exclusive chat with Express.co.uk. Froushan confirmed a second season of House of the Dragon could be on the cards now Carnival Row is coming to an end. The second and final season will continue this Friday after the first two episodes premiered on Prime Video last week. Unfortunately, the next eight episodes will bring the series to a close after a lengthy four-year wait for another instalment. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Froushan revealed he has more fantasy projects lined up for the future, which could involve a return to Westeros. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall “I can’t shake fantasy, I don’t know why,” he said. “I really enjoyed playing a character on House of the Dragon just over a year ago. “I’m moving over to something I can’t really talk about but is sort of in a similar vein, I guess. The child inside of me loves that. “And I’m currently doing a play on Broadway, a Tom Stoppard play called Leopoldstadt, which is very much set in the real world. “It’s about a Jewish family in Vienna in the 20th Century, so it’s a good counterbalance or palette cleanser between the fantasy [projects].” Froushan was unable to confirm his next role after a stint on Broadway, though it could be for a major series or franchise if he’s keeping details close to his chest. Additionally, he appeared keen to return to House of the Dragon after portraying household knight Ser Qarl Correy in the first season and surviving all the bloodshed. “He’s alive!” he confirmed. “As far as I know, and this is not a spoiler. He and Laenor escape across the high seas. “So, it’s possible that he’ll return, it’s possible he won’t. I don’t know, but I’m excited to find out at some point.” DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii fans ‘freaking out’ as Lucy returns in new promo [VIDEO]Kevin Costner’s lawyer hits back at claim star ‘delaying’ Yellowstone [COMMENT]1000lb Sisters’ Amy admits Tammy’s weight loss will ‘exceed’ hers [INSIGHT] In HBO’s first Game of Thrones spin-off, Qarl was revealed as the lover of fellow knight and dragon rider Ser Laenor Velaryon (John MacMillan). During the first season, Qarl helps fake Laenor’s death, leaving his parents Rhaenys (Even Best) and Corlys (Steve Toussaint) inconsolable. However, the full extent of their plan is soon revealed and the two lovers manage to escape Driftmark by sea. Despite their escape, fans may have assumed their story was over as neither Froushan nor his co-star MacMillan appeared in the season after episode seven. Even so, their secret romance was considered one of the best components of House of the Dragon’s debut, and viewers will be demanding their return next time around. Their story could continue to play a major role in George RR Martin’s expanded Targaryen history, although details about House of the Dragon’s continuation are being kept at a minimum. A full cast list has yet to be confirmed for the second outing, but series leads Matt Smith, Emma D’Arcy and Olivia Cooke are all expected to reprise their roles. House of the Dragon is available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and Sky Go and NOW in the UK. Carnival Row is available to stream on Prime Video.