The Masked Singer returned on Saturday night with all of the contestants brought together for the first time. Taking to the stage for a third time was Jellyfish who took on Tom Walker's Leave A Light On. She dazzled the live audience and panel with her vocals which may have become the star's biggest giveaway. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.Jellyfish has been wowing fans with her stunning performances and the panellists have been attempting to figure out her identity, throwing guesses out left, right and centre. Talk show host Jonathan Ross has predicted Janet Jackson, TV personality Davina McCall has said Kelly Clarkson, comedian Mo Gilligan predicted Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock and singer Rita Ora theorised actress Halle Bailey. In the most recent episode, Jellyfish sung Leave A Light On by Tom Walker which prompted Ross to make another guess. He told viewers he believed it was former Glee star and singer Amber Riley behind the mask and Ross isn't the only one. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit Music producer and co-founder of TokenTraxx TommyD has worked with some of the greats, including Adele, Beyonce and Kylie Minogue. Explaining why Jellyfish could indeed by Riley, he told Express.co.uk: "Definitely American. "So Amber Riley for me as she’s got that ring theatre show song background where she over pronounces her works but tinged with a bit of straight up gospel that makes her timing ever so slightly behind the beat." Fans of Riley's heard plenty of the 36-year-old's vocal abilities when she was on the hit musical series Glee. She portrayed Mercedes Jones for six years before the show came to an end in 2015. She went on to play Effie White in the West End debut of Dreamgirls the following year and won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical. In The Masked Singer, Jellyfish hinted she has been a judge which Riley did when she featured in the musical talent show Let It Shine on BBC One. She also referred to "shining bright", with the actress and singer covering Whitney Houston's Spotlight when she was on Glee. DON'T MISS...Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [REACTION]The Masked Singer's Phoenix identity 'certain' to be ex-The Voice star [SPOILER]The Masked Singer fans 'expose' identity of Jellyfish as BGT star [THEORY] Of course, this wouldn't be the first time that Riley would have concealed her identity. She starred in last year's American version of The Masked Singer as the character Harp and went on to win the show. The fact she has already appeared in a version of the series has caused some doubt it could be Riley behind the mask. There have been a number of other guesses though, to keep fans scratching their heads. In a clue package, the letters "M" and "E" were written in shells, suggesting the character's real name could be Michelle, thus why Ross guessed former Coronation Street star Michelle Keegan. There was also a sign that read "Goa" which he took to stand for "General of the Army", which would be a link to her show Our Girl on BBC One. Whereas other fans feel her voice resembles that of Britain Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon. The Masked Singer is available to watch every Saturday at 8pm on ITV.