TV star-cum-farmer Jeremy Clarkson has been refused permission to develop a new restaurant on his Cotswolds farm by local councillors more interested in tackling light pollution than creating employment. Advised to appeal against the ruling, he was warned it would cost him some £500,000 to reassess the decision, which would have killed his plans for Diddly Squat farm. Rock musician Roger Daltrey, who has also put money back into the rural economy, sent his sympathies, saying “Welcome to the land of NO!” The lead singer of The Who has been frustrated by his own local authority refusing permission for him to sell beer from his microbrewery. Clarkson’s planning tussle highlights the constant hurdles entrepreneurs face from overmighty councillors and bureaucrats who stymie developments with a never-ending list of rules. The former Top Gear star is lucky his other job as a well-paid TV presenter means he can dig into his own pockets to subsidise the costs of farming, but others are less fortunate. Last year, 5,000 rural voters, including farmers, sent a letter to then Prime Minister Liz Truss protesting at the increasing levels of red tape they face. “We are sick of the mountains of regulations which seek to micromanage every acre,” they wrote. “We have had enough of know-nothing officials imposing rules out of a misplaced belief in their own competence. They breed paperwork for a living while the rest of us have real work to do.” Their target specifically was the avalanche of new environmental red tape confronting farmers and other rural businesses. Ms Truss promised to help them but we know how that ended. She wanted to create investment zones to cut the legislative clutter devised by do-gooders more concerned about “saving the planet” than helping our economy thrive. Clearly, there is a balance to be struck between valid environmental concerns and radical anti-growth ecological bureaucracy. The vogue for rewilding is reducing the amount of land available for food production. In Wales, rewilders are already facing a backlash. “I just find it bizarre. It is as if they just go, ‘We’ll pluck all you people out of there, we don’t want you, your livelihoods, your traditions or your land management skills’,” says one Welsh farmer. “We’ll just remove you and to hell with the rural economy, people and food.” Farming aside, Britain has a housing shortage that is putting up prices of homes and skyhigh energy bills because no council or government department wants to exploit the carbon resources beneath our own feet, so afraid are they of green campaigners and nimbyism. As our economy flatlines, our regiments of bureaucrats are growing at an unprecedented rate. The public sector is now 5.8 million strong with an increase of 426,000 workers since 2018, and yet government services are slower and slower. Data reveals a crash in productivity across the public sector by 7.4 percent compared with 1.6 percent in the wider economy. Overall, government productivity since 1997 has increased by only 3.7 percent compared with 20 percent in the private sector. Yet it is these laggard public sector officials who are holding sway over decisions on private enterprise that could generate the billions of pounds needed to fund their wages and gold-plated pensions. To Clarkson’s annoyance, it is possibly some of these civil servants who are retiring to villages then objecting to anyone doing anything to make farms more profitable. They prefer the countryside to be a picturesque retirement home rather than a working environment. The TV series Clarkson’s Farm has brilliantly spotlighted the suffocating regulations that make farming – and so much other enterprise in Britain – so challenging. The ultimate result of all this virtue-signalling is to discourage agriculture in the UK and increase the amount of food we import from abroad. But the off-shoring of our carbon emissions in the energy and industrial sectors has already made us vulnerable to rocketing prices on the international market. Increasing reliance on food imports is another recipe for disaster. To bring back growth, Britain needs to cut the bureaucracy hampering our go-getters. We used to point the finger at the EU for all this nonsense but now it seems we only have ourselves, and the army of penpushers we indulge, to blame.