Wrexham co-owner Rob McElhenney called on his team to "win the f****** league" after being knocked out of the FA Cup by Sheffield United on Tuesday night. The National League title challengers were defeated by the Championship side 3-1 in Wednesday's replay. Wrexham were on the verge of a historic upset at Bramall Lane after initially going behind to an Anel Ahmehodzic goal, with Paul Mullins firing home a penalty just minutes later. He then got the chance to put Wrexham ahead shortly after, but his effort was saved by Blades' goalkeeper Adam Davies. Billy Sharp and Sander Berge scored in the final two minutes of injury time to see the Championship high-fliers through to the fifth round, where they will face Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur. For Wrexham, attention will now return to the National League and their fight for promotion. The Hollywood-owned club are second in the National League, three points behind leaders Notts County but with two games in hand. And McElhenney didn't seem too disheartened by the loss in the Steel City, as he tweeted: "Now let's go win this f****** league." Wrexham are next in action against Wealdstone on Saturday as they attempt to put Tuesday's disappointment behind them. Wrexham have become a popular side among neutral fans since the takeover from McElhenney and Ryan Reynolds, but not everyone is impressed. Speaking after the game, Blades goalscorer Sharp took aim at the Welsh side. He said: "I wasn't happy the way they've been as a club. Before the game, eyeing up Spurs when they haven't even beaten us. We're an honest set of lads and we want to go as far as we can in this competition. If we get beat in the next round so be it, but we'll give it a real go. I think they thought we were just going to roll over when they got back in it. "The referee was helping them all night as well, I don't think he gave me one foul all night tonight. But it's one of those things, I probably lost my head a little bit. But I've got a smile on my face now because we're through to the next round and we deserve it."