An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.4 has hit Turkey. A CNN Turk reporter said: "The ground slipped from under our feet. We shook unbelievably. The children were very scared. It was an incredibly big earthquake. This was not an earthquake like an aftershock. This place is now under smoke". Multiple buildings have reportedly collapsed in certain areas, including Idlib, Aleppo, Jindires, Salqin and Atareb. Hospitals are also said to be receiving reports of numerous injuries following the earthquake. It struck at a depth of just two km (1.2 miles), the European Mediterranean Seismological Centre (EMSC) said, potentially magnifying its impact at ground level. It was centred near the southern Turkish city of Antakya and was felt in Syria, Egypt and Lebanon. Turkey’s disaster management agency AFAD said that the 6.4 magnitude epicentre was in the Defne district of Hatay, an area on the southernmost tip of the regional centre Antakya that stretches towards the town of Samandağ, places that had already complained of a lacklustre government response to their suffering following the earthquakes of two weeks ago. The death toll from the quakes two weeks ago rose to 41,156 in Turkey, the country’s Disaster and Emergency Management Authority AFAD said on Monday, and it was expected to climb further, with 385,000 apartments known to have been destroyed or seriously damaged and many people still missing.  At least 47,000 people are thought to have died, with the numbers expected to rise further. The Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, said construction work on nearly 200,000 apartments in 11 earthquake-hit provinces of Turkey would begin next month. Hours earlier, the US Secretary of State, Antony Blinken, said on a visit to Turkey that Washington would help “for as long as it takes” as rescue operations and aftershocks were winding down, and focus turned to towards urgent shelter and reconstruction work. “It’s hard to put into words,” Blinken said, trying to describe what he saw. “Countless buildings, communities, streets, damaged or fully destroyed.” READ MORE: Britons donate almost £100m to victims of Turkey-Syria earthquake Syrian officials say 1,414 people were killed in areas under the control of Assad’s government, amid concerns the true figure was likely to be far higher before the second earthquake struck. Britons have donated almost £100million in just 12 days for victims of the devastating ­earthquakes in Turkey and Syria. Money raised has been sent directly to those affected, with the process overseen by experts on the ground with intimate knowledge of where it is needed most. The Disasters Emergency Committee appeal has raised a staggering £91million, with the landmark £100million figure set to be topped in the next couple of days. DON'T MISS:We can avoid the cruel nature of mankind but we don't [INSIGHT]Mosque gets vile letter saying ‘not enough Muslims’ died in quakes [COMMENT]Turkey earthquake horror uncovered by satellite images show cracks [PICTURES] Speaking exclusively to the Daily Express, Saleh Saeed, the DEC’s chief executive, said the response was “truly humbling”. He added: “When it comes to generosity, the British public excels – something we are all proud of. When it counts, you act. “So far, the DEC Turkey-Syria Earthquake Appeal has raised an incredible £91million in just 11 days. We are extremely grateful that even in these times of hardship for many in the UK, you have dug deep and shared your hard-earned cash.”