Windows can get extremely dirty throughout the winter months, collecting debris from outside as well as battling with the weather. They can be hard to keep clean all year, especially if you have a lot of them or a conservatory. However, cleaning them now will help to prevent any scratches or damage occurring and keep them dirt-free for the summer months. It is recommended that windows are cleaned once or twice a year, depending on location. If located near the sea where salt exposure is high, or near a city, windows may need to be cleaned up to four times a year. Adam Pawson, marketing director at Safestyle, the UK’s largest window retailer, explained: “Smears on windows can be very frustrating and ruin the appearance of your property but there are plenty of ways to ensure that they disappear. “Most importantly, make sure that you’re using microfibre or paper cloth to remove any dust before you begin. Then, I’d recommend using a spray consisting of one part distilled white vinegar to 10 parts warm water.” This concoction can be applied directly to a cloth or window before rubbing it evenly against the glass. For a little extra “sparkle”, sprinkle some baking soda onto the cloth before adding the white vinegar solution as it can help aid the cleaning process. READ MORE: 10 kitchen updates to ‘boost the appeal and value’ of your home Adam added: “If you have stubborn streaks which don’t seem to disappear, try going over the area with clean water to help remove any of the remaining solution.” White vinegar is an affordable product, retailing for around £2 a bottle, which could last for months. Stores such as Wilko and Sainsbury’s sell white vinegar to be used in cleaning. For uPVC window frames, marks and stains should come off with ease with warm water and washing up liquid on a soft cloth. The expert said it is best to avoid using a coloured cloth as the dye can stain the plastic, which is then impossible to remove. Use a white cloth if possible to keep them stain-free. DON'T MISS:Interior choices to ‘avoid’ in your home this year [COMMENT]Six steps to ‘significantly’ save when doing laundry [INSIGHT]Method to ‘instantly’ kill driveway and patio weeds for good [EXPLAINER] Adam continued: “It can be easy to ignore our inner window frames but they are easily susceptible to becoming clogged with dirt and debris. “To tackle these hard-to-reach areas, start by opening up the window and taking an old toothbrush to loosen any dirt, dust and cobwebs that might be stuck in the frame. “Then, use the hose of your vacuum cleaner to get rid of any debris before wiping the area down with an antibacterial product.” This time of year brings many changes for plants and trees, and they can easily make their way in front of windows, causing them to block light. READ MORE: Seven ‘surprising’ items you can put in your dishwasher The expert noted: “There’s no point in cleaning the inside of your window if the outside is full of muck, so get outdoors and clear your windows of any leaves or petals to give them the perfect finish.” Mrs Hinch fans, who often share cleaning advice on social media, have also recommended using white vinegar to get streak-free windows. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Lily Hudson said: “I mix water and white vinegar, a  couple of drops of washing up liquid and you’re good to go.” Sam Byne wrote: “I use a mixture of things like washing up liquid, window cleaner spray or white vinegar.” Other cleaning fans recommended smearing washing up liquid onto the windows on its own along with a microfibre cloth. It is thought the liquid creates a barrier and helps to remove the dirt easily and quickly. Kim Fletcher wrote: “I use washing up liquid on a sponge and then take it off with water, so easy and quick.” Dianne Sedgwick and Trish Gibson also recommended washing up liquid along with some water to remove the dirt. Alison Bear added: “Washing up liquid with water is my holy grail, it gets rid of grime and leaves them shiny and streak-free.” Washing up liquid can be picked up for as little as 30p in stores such as Lidl and can work great to clean windows.