Thousands of residents in the small rural town of East Palestine, in Ohio, are still dealing with the fallout from a toxic materials spill caused by a train derailment earlier this month. Health officials have warned of the harmful environmental and health consequences of the hazardous substances that have entered the atmosphere and river - which could potentially impact as many as 25 million people. A 150-car train carrying hazardous materials derailed in the village of East Palestine, Ohio, on February 3 and caused a huge fire to break out, forcing thousands of residents to evacuate. Eleven days after the toxic materials were released into the water, the devastating consequences of the incident are still being brought into focus. Health officials were initially concerned about the presence of vinyl chloride in the water, which is a colourless gas that burns easily and can increase a person's risk of developing cancer when exposed to it. However, new evidence appears to suggest that other toxins, such as ethylene glycol monobutyl ether, ethylhexyl acrylate and isobutylene were also being carried in the rail cars that were derailed.  The Northern Southern freight train careened off the tracks after suffering from a broken axle, officials confirmed. Following the crash, residents in the small town of East Palestine are continuing to deal with the environmental and health consequences of the train derailment. Officials confirmed that chemicals from the derailment have seeped into the Ohio River basin, potentially affecting 25 million people. The Ohio Department of Natural Resources also confirmed that the chemical spill had killed an estimated 3,500 small fish across 7.5 miles of streams as of Wednesday. READ MORE: Biden warns US will defend Philippines after ship targeted Vinyl chloride was being carried in around 20 carriages, which is used to make plastic pipes, wires, cable coating, car parts and packaging, and spilt out into the rural town. The substance is associated with an increased risk of a rare form of liver cancer, hepatic angiosarcoma, along with primary liver cancer, brain and lung cancers, lymphoma and leukaemia, according to Cancer.gov. Emergency crews rushed to the scene and sent five tankers containing vinyl chloride into an excavated trench where they carried out a controlled burn to prevent an explosion - this caused noxious black clouds to billow into the atmosphere. The controlled burn released phosgene, a gas deployed as a chemical weapon in World War One because it can cause eye irritation, dry burning throat and vomiting.   Another gas, hydrogen chloride, released during the burning of vinyl chloride was also released, which can irritate the skin, nose, eyes and throat, according to the US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Meanwhile, another substance released - ethylene glycol monobutyl - can cause irritation in the eyes, skin, nose and throat, as well as hematuria, or blood in the urine, nervous system depression, headache and vomiting, the CDC reports. Residents in the 5,000-person rural village have expressed concerns over the toxic chemical spill. Cathey Reese, who lives in Negley, Ohio, told WPXI of Pittsburgh: "Don’t tell me it’s safe. Something is going on if the fish are floating in the creek." Jenna Giannios, 39, a wedding photographer in nearby Boardman, said she has had a persistent cough for the past week and a half since the derailment. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews  Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 