When the Prince and Princess of Wales visited a food bank in London on Thursday, January 26, it was evident to some fans and body language experts that Kate wasn’t sure what to do with her hands. This is something she has occasionally struggled with in the past, according to body language expert Judi James. Judi told Express.co.uk: “As a modern royal, Kate has a body language challenge that the late Queen never suffered from, which is what to do with your hands when you’re on official engagements. “For the Queen, a handbag would be de rigeur, meaning she had a reason to crook her arm or hold her bag at her side. “Kate does often carry a clutch bag but more recently, since her confidence signals seem to have increased enormously, she’s tended to drop even this nod to tradition and turn up empty-handed. “This means that, like her husband, her arms will be held down at her sides or free to perform greeting rituals or to join in with the action.” However, Judi claimed that this lack of handbag, “creates problems”. It means Kate has to use other objects as props, which doesn’t always go down well. The body language expert continued: “Unlike the rest of the world she can’t stuff her hands in her pockets or fold her arms. “So, to look as though she’s joining in or listening intently and showing interest, she might hold a prop up for the camera as she does holding the bag of oats during the visit to the foodbank, or the child’s toy when she is playing with the children.” On January 26, at the food bank, Kate is seen picking up tins and cans and putting them back down again. This caused social media users to question the Princess’ intent, with some asking, “what exactly is she doing?”. Twitter user @gitoma1 commented: “What exactly is she doing? She is picking up tins, looking at them and putting them back (in fact the same tin). “She should be sorting into trays in content and date order and working a hell of a lot faster than that. They are just in the way.” Nick Newman added: “She should be arriving in that £100k chauffeur driven car with a truck behind her full of good to stock up the food bank… it’s a disgrace actually, the wealthy using the poor for #foodbank tourism and its photo opportunity.” Alison Harris said: “What was the point of this visit? Did they bring anything to help or is it just a PR stunt? Does William not remember his mother taking him shelters to help out, without the cameras?” User @RenZelen agreed. They said: “Just another PR stunt and photo op. It’s rather counterproductive. “The (accidentally) rich and privileged coming to nod and fawn over the poverty present in their own country but unwilling to make any real contribution. Meanwhile taxpayers expected to foot the bill for coronation.” Referring to Kate’s use of props, Judi said: “The challenge is what to do with the prop next, which is probably why she is seen picking them up and putting them down in a way that suggests anxiety. “It’s actually a symptom of her increased confidence that her hands are free, but the ‘bit of business’ that she then performs when she picks things up or holds them without any apparent purpose can make her look nervous in a Catch 22 scenario.” The same has been the case during other engagements, such at primary schools, where Kate is seen holding toys as something to do with her hands. Although, this appeared to be more natural and subtle than at the food bank.