Zara and Mike Tindall tied the knot in 2011 in Canongate Kirk in Scotland in a low-key wedding, in marked contrast to Kate Middleton and William's nuptials that happened earlier in the year. At the time of their nuptials in 2011, it was widely reported that Zara would be breaking with tradition and retaining her last name Phillips. It wasn't until March 2016 that Zara opted to publicly take her husband's surname, for a key reason. Unlike their royal cousins Prince William and Prince Harry, Zara and her brother Peter Phillips were raised as private citizens and were free to pursue their own careers outside the fold. Zara, 41, has followed in her mother Princess Anne's footsteps with her sporting career and won a silver medal as part of Team GB's eventing team at the London 2012 Olympics. In 2006 Zara won the BBC's Sports Personality of the year as voted for by the public. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims   Zara has also received an MBE for her services to equestrian sports. This devotion to sport was why she wanted to keep her maiden name because the world-class equestrian was well-known across the sporting world as Zara Phillips. Princess Anne's only daughter and the former England rugby star Mike Tindall announced their engagement to the world after several years of dating in 2010. The couple married in Edinburgh on July 30, 2011, just months after Kate and William's grand royal wedding. While Zara officially became Zara Tindall following her marriage to Mike, she continued to use her maiden name Phillips in conjunction with her career until years later.   Finally, in 2016, Zara stopped competing under the name Phillips and switched to her married name Tindall. She competed for the first time as Zara Tindall during her unsuccessful attempt to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympic Games.  In addition, both Zara and her brother Peter Phillips have their own families, but they decided to avoid a royal tradition when it came to naming their royal babies. While royal parents may run their name suggestions past the Queen out of respect, what they name their baby is entirely up to them. READ MORE: Princess Amalia suffers 'body shaming' during tour - a look at diet  But there are some unofficial traditions when it comes to royal baby names that most choose to follow. In recent years, royal parents have usually given their eldest daughters the middle name "Elizabeth" in tribute to the late Queen. Princess Charlotte, Lady Louise Windsor and Princess Beatrice all have the middle name Elizabeth, as does Beatrice's daughter Sienna.  Peter Phillips welcomed his first child, Savannah Phillips, in 2010. But unlike other royals and their eldest daughters, Peter did not give his first daughter the middle name of Elizabeth.  Peter and his then-wife Autumn Kelly instead opted for one of Savannah's middle names to be Anne, after Peter's mother Princess Anne. Zara and Mike also opted to avoid this royal tradition, naming their first daughter Mia Grace Tindall. However, this was rectified when Peter welcomed his second daughter in 2012 and Zara had her second daughter in 2018. Peter and Autumn named their second daughter Isla Elizabeth Phillips, while Mike and Zara named their second daughter Lena Elizabeth Tindall. 