Ann Widdecombe tonight warned of "obvious problems" with Rishi Sunak's Brexit deal. The former Conservative minister says the PM "sold a packet of nonsense" yesterday after finalising his pact on Northern Ireland with the EU. Ms Widdecombe, an ex-Brexit Party MEP, added that she hopes the deal will "unravel" in the coming week as it comes under closer scrutiny. The Brexiteer told GB News: "I haven't looked at it in great detail, but there are obvious problems even without taking a magnifying glass to it. "One is the Stormont brake. Yesterday, that was hailed as something tremendous and innovative and was going to free Northern Ireland from EU rule. What a farce. "It says it can only be applied in exceptional circumstances so that means the vast majority of EU law will have to be accepted. "It's only in exceptional circumstances and then they have to go through goodness knows how many hoops. So that was a nonsense. "We were told yesterday we have control of our own VAT. No we don't, we can't control the VAT on for example alcohol sold in supermarkets even if we can on alcohol sold in pubs. We haven't got back control of VAT. "We were sold yesterday a packet of nonsense and my only hope is that there are now going to be enough people looking at this, the DUP particularly, that it will unravel over the next week as people realise it isn't as it was presented. "And the other thing I haven't done, which several of my fellow Brexiteers have done, is to look at the EU texts. "They're not saying this is some great new thing, they're saying they've made some concessions round the edges, that's what it comes down to. "But basically ask yourself this. We are the country that fought the Second World War, who stood up to dictators, and are we really now that same country which is grateful for concessions from a foreign power passing law which binds us?" Mr Sunak met European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen yesterday to finalise the Windsor Framework. The deal comes after years of tensions over the Northern Ireland Protocol. The new agreement removes barriers on trade across the Irish Sea and hands a "veto" to politicians in Stormont on EU law. But a key sticking point is there remains a role for the European Court of Justice. Mr Sunak is hoping to win over the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and European Research Group (ERG) of Tory Eurosceptics. The PM told Tory MPs to give the DUP "time and space" to consider his Brexit deal at a meeting of the 1922 Committee of Conservative backbenchers this evening. He was understood to have told colleagues he had "spent a lot of time" with DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson, whose party walked out of Stormont in protest at the protocol. Mr Sunak said: "And I would just say one thing to you all: we should give him and the DUP time and space. So let's not pressure them for an instant answer. "Let's also remember that the last thing the public want is another Westminster drama." Meanwhile, Northern Ireland Office minister and "Brexit hard man" Steve Baker said after the meeting that Conservatives were waiting with "bated breath" to see if the DUP will back the deal. The ERG also held a meeting tonight when they appointed a so-called "star chamber" of lawyers to scrutinise the agreement. ERG chairman Mark Francois said it will take around two weeks for the hardline Brexiteers to reach a verdict. He said after the meeting: "I'm not going to go through everything that everybody raised, but quite a few topics were put forward that we've asked the star chamber to look at so. “One of the implications of that is that, is it is actually going to take a while to do this. This will not be an overnight job. It takes as long as it takes. “I think Sir Bill Cash and his team if they can, would hope to have something within about a fortnight. “But if it takes longer than that, then it takes longer than that.” 