Tommy Fury isn’t buying Jake Paul’s excuses for why he lost the Saudi showdown on Sunday night. Paul claimed that he had been ill throughout camp and had injured his arm, but Fury pointed out that The Problem Child had been awfully active on social media for an under-the-weather fighter. “I mean, it is what it is. It wouldn’t be my approach if I lost a fight,” said Fury in response to Paul’s excuses during an interview with iFL TV. “I’d say, ‘fair and square the better man won’ even if I had been ill. I don’t believe he has been ill because he wasn’t ill when he was posting all the way through on social media about how great his camp has been so I wouldn’t buy into that he got beaten fair and square last night.” This comes after Paul said during his post-fight interview: “Honestly, I felt flat, I got sick really bad twice in this camp, and injured my arm.” Now, both men will turn their attention to a second fight with Paul expected to activate the rematch clause in their contract. Meanwhile, British YouTube star KSI, who had thrown his hat in the ring for a fight against the winner prior to last night, called out Tommy following the contest. At first, Fury seemed keen on taking the match-up. He said: “I’ll tell you now if KSI wants to entertain a fight, he's no Jake Paul. I'll take that no problem." Sat next to his son, John Fury said he wants to see KSI fight Tommy in Saudi Arabia 'next'." Sat next to his son, John Fury said that he wants to see KSI fight Tommy in Saudi Arabia 'next' as well. MORE BOXING NEWS... But a day after the fight the ex-Love Island star affirmed that KSI ‘wasn’t in his thought process’. “Just more YouTube talk, isn’t it? What do you expect out of these YouTubers? It’s all they can say,” he told iFL TV on Monday morning. “You know, when he’s sat there in his house in London, it’s a lot easier looking at it and commenting but try getting in the ring and doing it. It’s a completely different story. KSI, he’s not even in my thoughts because he really is awful. I put Jake Paul above KSI so he’s not even in my thought process at the moment.”