Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly could be facing a huge payout if he relieves Graham Potter of his duties as Blues boss following an underwhelming start to his Stamford Bridge career. It is thought that upcoming games against Leeds and Borussia Dortmund could determine the former Brighton man’s fate, as Chelsea have won just one game in all competitions this year. Boehly and co paid an extortionate fee to bring Potter to the club in September after sacking Thomas Tuchel, forking out a world-record £22million in compensation to the Seagulls as Potter brought five members of his backroom staff to Cobham. The boss also signed a five-year contract worth approximately £60m. It would likely cost Chelsea around £50m to sack Potter, engulfing the previous world-record £26.8m fee that ex-Blues owner Roman Abramovich paid to axe Antonio Conte and his backroom staff in 2018. The Chelsea hierarchy have continued to back Potter amid a disappointing spell as his side have won just once in their last 11 games and struggled to find the back of the net consistently, but their patience may be running out. Senior players at the club are also concerned over whether he is the right man to turn their fortunes around, after Boehly and co spent over £600m since their arrival to Stamford Bridge last year and broke the British transfer record to sign Enzo Fernandez in the January window. Following defeat at Tottenham, Potter admitted that recent results have been “not good enough” and admitted there is a chance that the owner’s faith in him could begin to fade. "The results are not good enough for Chelsea,” Potter said. “I take full responsibility for those results.  "I thought the players gave everything, it's just that the goal changes the complexion of the game and that made it difficult for us. If results aren't good enough, which they aren't at the moment, you can't rely on support forever. There's always that question, absolutely, and you can't stop the questions, and whilst the results are like they are then I accept it - it's part of the job.” Potter will need to begin getting not just positive results, but performances as he has been criticised for a lack of forward-thinking and making too many changes to his side amid dealing with a bloated squad. Marc Cucurella, David Datro Fofana, Carney Chukwuemeka and Trevoh Chalobah were “unfortunate” to have been left out of the squad completely for the trip to Spurs, while Mateo Kovacic was ruled out through illness. January signings Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke and Benoit Badiashile were also named on the bench against Antonio Conte’s outfit as Potter continues to struggle to find his preferred team.