British women, including Shamima Begum, who left the UK to join Islamic State should be brought home, the government's independent terrorism watchdog is expected to say. Jonathan Hall KC is set to argue that British or formely British women should be allowed to return to the UK from Syria, as this is the position taken by key allies including the US. The terrorism legislation reviewer also plans to highlight concerns about a new generation of terrorists being moulded by the "cubs of the caliphate" programme in northern Syria, The Times reports. Begum, who lost an appeal last week to have her citizenship returned to her, left Britain in 2015 with two friends from Bethnal Green in east London. After the caliphate collapsed, she ended up in a refugee camp in northern Syria, where she remains.  The case has been hotly contested, with lawyers insisting she was trafficked as a minor. However, the Special Immigration Appeals Commission decided that Sajid Javid's decision as then-home secretary to strip her of her citizenship was lawful in the interests of national security. The KC is expected to say: "Compared to men, women are less likely to have travelled for the purpose of fighting, are less likely to have played battlefield roles, may well have had less autonomy in being able to leave and now make up the majority of those UK-linked individuals detained. "Women with children may also fear child protection measures being taken against them... mitigating against further terrorist engagement. "For UK-linked children, the less time spent being incubated as cubs of the caliphate the better. READ MORE: Body of man and his dog found in Scottish Highlands search for hiker Begum is one of around 60 British women and children in the custody of Kurdish forces. Despite most avoiding losing their citizenship, many have no travel documents and are without a means of getting out of getting out of Syria in the absence of the cooperation of the British governmnet. However, Rishi Sunak is under pressure from international allies, including the US, to repatriate them. The Biden administration has been vocal in condemning the conditions of the camps in Syria, claiming that they threaten stability and the security of the west. The US has brought back dozens of its own citizens that left to join IS. Conservative MP David Davis, a former Government minister and shadow home secretary, said the situation was a “shameful abdication of responsibility and must be remedied”. “We’re talking here about a teenage girl who was groomed online and trafficked, and she’s far from the only one in this situation. “The APPG (All-Party Parliamentary Group) on Trafficked Britons in Syria’s inquiry found that UK authorities repeatedly failed to take action that could have prevented the trafficking of vulnerable British women and girls to Syria. “Rather than acknowledge or address this, the Government has ignored the overwhelming evidence that they are trafficking victims”, he added. 