Host Paddy McGuinness was back to ask the questions and oversee the various challenges on BBC's Question of Sport. Joining Sam Quek were gymnast Claudia Fragapane and former motorcycle racer James Toseland. Meanwhile Ugo Monye had football star Carlton Cole and badminton player Gail Emms.  Paddy was confident there were strong teams on the show and they started with Have a Word. Sam's team were off to a good start and they got a few letters in the bag to make up an anagram. Ugo's team managed to get most of their letters and they managed to complete the anagram, putting his team in the lead. Viewers were not enjoying the choice of panellists and they took to Twitter to vent their frustration.  Rose Rainsford said: "@QuestionofSport really is such a terrible show now. Whoever got rid of Sue Barker needs sacking themselves!" @SocialMediaJon1 simply said: "Sue Barker appreciation tweet #QuestionOfSport" MarkMark gave up on the show, adding: "Watching @QuestionofSport for the 1st time. Will be my last." Chris Butler said: "Watching #QuestionofSport actually upsets me. So poor nowadays." Erasmo shared: "Come back Sue Barker, turn this bag of s**** round." TR concluded: "Never seen a bigger downgrade." Name the Year was the next game and the teams were shown clips from sporting events throughout the years. Half way through the game and Ugo's team were still in the lead with 11 points to nine. DON'T MISS... Sue Barker admits she misses Question of Sport co-stars Question of Sport 'ruined' as BBC viewers blast 'woke' quiz show Question of Sport fans slam 'unwatchable' show over Love Island guest  The teams then had to identify which statements were true or false out of a selection. Host Sam defended the new lineup and Paddy's new role when she spoke to press ahead of the show's return. She said: "I think also it’s so important to remember it’s a sports quiz, it’s sport. "One of the best things about sport is that it’s inclusive to anyone, anyone’s background or age, especially in this show. "I remember watching it when I was 10, maybe younger, watching it with my family and my nan would be in the corner. "The generation gap is massive, and I think that reflects massively in us three, because the different backgrounds we’re from and what our strengths are." Sue Barker stepped down from her role as host in 2020, having been part of the show for 24 years. Her departure came as the BBC decided it wanted to rebrand the show. Question of Sport airs on BBC One on Fridays at 7.30pm