The Prince of Wales and King Charles have "never been closer" despite divisions over whether or not the Duke and Duchess of Sussex should be invited to the Coronation, a source has said. A friend of Prince William said the heir to the throne will respect his father's decision over Harry's attendance, but would prefer it if he was not at the historic event on May 6. The unnamed friend of William told The Daily Beast that relations between the siblings are now "non-existent", claiming the Prince of Wales would rather Harry was not there after all he has said and done. The Duke of Sussex has levelled a slew of allegations against members of the Royal Family, including William, who he accused of physically attacking him in a row over the future of the Sussexes ahead of the couple's stepping back from royal duties. Harry has also accused his father of showing no emotion and claimed Camilla, Queen Consort, acted like a villain. Asked if the Prince of Wales was being portrayed as a villain blocking the King's wishes for Harry to be at the Coronation, the friend said: "William is strong-minded, determined and unafraid to voice his opinion. "But he is also utterly respectful of the hierarchy and of course he will do what his father wants. They have never been closer." It is believed King Charles has asked the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, to broker a deal with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex over the Coronation at which the principal leader of the Church of England will officiate. The King's reported move comes as recent YouGov polling shows 43 percent of 3,024 Britons surveyed agreed Harry and Meghan should be invited. Thirty-nine percent said they should not be invited with 18 percent saying they did not know. READ ABOUT AMERICANS TURNING THEIR BACKS ON HARRY AND MEGHAN However, earlier polling by Ipsos for the Evening Standard suggested a majority of Britons want Harry at the Coronation. Sixty percent of those surveyed said the Duke should be offered a place at the ceremony. Harry and William's relationship is believed to have become strained in 2016 when the older sibling reportedly voiced concerns about the speed at which his younger brother's relationship with Meghan Markle was developing. In his 2020 book, Battle of Brothers, Robert Lacey claimed William asked their uncle, Charles Spencer, to talk to Harry. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry spotted at star-studded party in the US [REVEALED] Prince Harry has 'behaved like a bully' in pursuit of 'revenge' [OPINION] Prince Harry didn't lose his virginity outside a pub, claims Everett [LATEST] Mr Lacey wrote this led to "an even more bitter explosion" with Harry refusing to slow down. Royal reporter Katie Nicholl claimed that Harry and William fell out over Christmas in 2018 when the younger brother accused the then Duke of Cambridge of not doing enough to include Meghan in the Royal Family. According to a source quoted by Ms Nicholl, Harry "felt William wasn't rolling out the red carpet for Meghan and told him so". In October 2019, the Duke of Sussex suggested for the first time publicly that relations between himself and William were not ideal.  He added: "We don't see each other as much as we used to because we're so busy, but you know, I love him dearly. The majority of this stuff (in the press) is created out of nothing, but you know, as brothers, you know, you have good days, you have bad days." In 2020, Harry and William released a joint statement after reports the heir to the throne had bullied his brother out of the Royal Family. The statement read: "Despite clear denials, a false story ran in a UK newspaper today speculating about the relationship between the the Duke of Sussex and the Duke of Cambridge. "For brothers who care so deeply about the issues surrounding mental health, the use of inflammatory language in this way is offensive and potential harmful." There was a show of unity when Elizabeth II died with King Charles, Prince William and Prince Harry waling behind the late-Monarch's coffin on the day of the State Funeral. But in December last year, Harry accused William of screaming and shouting at him at the Sandringham summit called to decide the Sussexes' future role in the Royal Family. Last month, Harry claimed in his memoir Spare that William attacked him in a row in 2019. The Duke alleged the Prince of Wales grabbed his brother, ripped his necklace and knocked him to the floor.