In a first-of-its-kind deal, Tesco partnered with Newfoundland to sell self-diagnostic tests that cost between £8 and £12. Newfoundland launched during the pandemic to distribute lateral flow tests and now offers more health services. Its co-founder Frederick Manduca said: "We want to provide people with the opportunity to take their health into their own hands at an affordable price. "With long wait times for doctors and hospital appointments and the very high price point of diagnostic lab tests, we're offering rapid at-home tests that arm people with vital knowledge that can alleviate pressure both on the NHS and patients themselves." The tests can pick up on: Available in over 500 Tesco stores nationwide, and online, Newfoundland is in talks to sell its range of tests through a number of other retailers, as well as UK pharmacies. Furthermore, Newfoundland plans to widen the tests available to cover prostate cancer, HIV, and urinary tract infections (UTIs). In fact, it is aiming to launch its at-home HIV testing kit this summer, which will be on the shelves at Tesco. Mr Manduca said the at-home tests are "an additional tool kit to understand one's health". He elaborated: "With the bowel health screening test, a positive result does not necessarily mean you have cancer, but that it could be an indicator and that it may be worth having a check-up." There are concerns, however, among GPs, over the rise of at-home testing kits, which they fear can lead some people to misinterpret the test results. Professor Kamila Hawthorne, chair of the Royal College of GPs, said: "Self-testing products, available over the counter without prescription, come with pros and cons. "They can, of course, provide some peace of mind for patients - and for relatively minor conditions, with clear and easy-to-access treatment options, they may avoid the patient having to seek medical assistance. "Without the appropriate aftercare services, patients may not know how to properly interpret results, or safely and appropriately act on them. "In the case of more serious conditions, such as cancer, people may not have the appropriate support in place to deal with what could be very distressing news." READ MORE: Oil from coconuts that could lower your risk for dementia - boosts brain energy by 9% Professor Hawthorne added: "Some tests are also quite general, not testing for a specific condition, carrying the risk that some of the results will be unimportant or of dubious value and could leave people unnecessarily confused and distressed." She stated: "We know from experience, many patients make appointments with their GP for help analysing the results of at-home tests and to discuss the implications of them, in many cases not really needing medical assistance. "This also takes up valuable GP time when we and our teams are working under considerable pressure, and patients who really need our care and services are struggling to access them." Meanwhile, Mr Manduca said the at-home testing kits contain informative leaflets on how to interpret the results. Newfoundland will also be providing additional information on how to correctly use the tests via its app. Mr Manduca said: "Having a test that's easy to do - and accessible as well - would make a huge difference to early detection." Cancer symptoms If you are concerned about your symptoms, it's still advisable to book a doctor's appointment.