Then, after February 24, when the Russian military machine came crashing down on this life, the ­photos change dramatically. In late February and all of March 2022, there are hardly any photos at all. This was a time of panicked ­planning when survival instincts took over.  A mind occupied by the schedule of evacuation trains, and whether the shop had bread, isn’t inclined to immortalise the here and now. And it’s not that there wasn’t anything to photograph. But a carelessly taken snapshot of a passing army vehicle passing could get you bound with a hood over your head, if the soldiers at the checkpoints, so ubiquitous at the time, happened to check your phone. The text messaging, on the other hand, is often frantic with strange exchanges of intimate banter and seemingly comic book news reports that thinly disguise the fear. As Russian forces pulled back from the capital, the eye of my phone camera gets bigger, capturing deserted streets, barricaded monuments, billboards exhorting courage. There’s also a photo of a group of us after an exhausting day unloading humanitarian aid off lorries.  In late spring and earlier summer appear countless faces of people I interviewed as a journalist chasing the war north and east. There were soldiers and civilians alike; animal rescue workers and pensioners emerging from underground shelters, ordinary people returning to bombed homes and neighbours with stories of horror. The backdrop of the destruction appears at first horrendous then banal. By late summer, my phone photos take on the look of a familiar if uneasy normalcy.  There’s a snapshot of my wife and I at an almost empty entertainment complex with my youngest daughter on her birthday. We look happy but without the usual light-heartedness one usually sees in such photos. We left to the sound of an air raid siren. Thereafter, there are some pictures of Kyiv coming back to life, an elderly couple waltzing on a square, a street musician playing a bagpipe, and a friend just back from Lviv and out for a ride on his scooter. By autumn, things get dark again – literally. The scenes of missile attacks on the heart of the city blend one into the other – charred ruins, sullen faces and impact craters on end. But, perhaps surprisingly, the faces in my life maintain their presence on my phone. Again, there are photos of family walks in the park, one, in fact, hit hard in a missile strike but quickly restored.   There’s another of an old friend and I meeting one last time before he departs back to the US. It’s a sad one, but also full of hope. Many pictures toward the end of the year are devoid of light due to the rolling blackout, but I still ­managed to get in a few choice Christmas photos in front of a nicely decorated tree. With the anniversary of the Russian attack that created all these unforgettable moments in my life fast approaching, I cannot help thinking that Kyiv and Ukraine will never again be the same. But the important stuff – faith, family, friends and future hope – now mean more than ever. 