Emmerdale viewers have become wary of newcomer Caleb Miligan (played by Will Ash) ever since he arrived in the village. Up until now, he has made his half-brother Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) believe that he wants to reconnect and get to know one another. Despite getting off to a rocky start, the pair appear to be getting on like a house on fire. However, in recent scenes, Caleb might be showing his true colours as he seems to be winding Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) up on purpose. During Wednesday’s episode, things took an unexpected turn and saw Will and Cain butting heads. As the mechanic saw Will looking after his son Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn), Cain saw red. "Dad, are you coming to the cafe as well?" Kyle asked as he ran over to Cain. "No, he can't he's not allowed," Will said before adding: "Amy asked me to look after him." READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' Cain raged back: "I didn't realise you were a legal expert." "She explained his bail conditions," Will continued as Cain fumed: "My bail conditions are about my statement being used in Kyle's defence, it's hardly dangerous for me to take him for an orange juice." Standing up to Cain, Will fired back: "You're just like your brother, aren't you? You don't think the rules apply to you. "Well the law is the law, so I am going to make sure you stick to it, so back off." "Are you threatening me?" Cain asked as Will replied: "If that's what it takes." Amy later approached to defend Will, however, it wasn't long before Caleb intervened. "Both of you need to calm down," Caleb interjected. "Remember Kyle is the one that matters here." Following the episode, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts and theories on Cain and Caleb’s upcoming storyline. DON'T MISS...Outlander fans want to know about William and Brianna's relationship [INSIGHT]Vera's Riley Jones speaks out on co-star's exit [EXCLUSIVE]Capital FM hit with Ofcom complaints after 'disgusting' Turkey joke [REACTON] Some think Cain may end up killing Will Taylor, while others think Caleb’s true identity will finally be exposed. One eagle-eyed fan believes the newcomer could even have a connection to former detective, DI Malone, who was killed by Will’s daughter, Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley). Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) also had her part to play in covering up the crime. Harriet, who died in a storm, also has a connection to Will as they used to be a couple. So, Caleb could be clashing with Will because he knows what Dawn did to DI Malone. “I’m now wondering if Caleb has something to do with or a connection to the missing (now deceased) DI Malone - Cain initially had some dodgy dealings with Malone when he first appeared in the village…#emmerdale,” Twitter user @spartacus2963 theorised. Lizzie Edwards went on to say: “I think Caleb is DI Malone's brother who Dawn Taylor murder not Cain Dingle's brother and wait and see first.” (sic) While Tam added: “If it's connected to Joe, then Debbie needs to return even if recast #Emmerdale @emmerdale Maybe Caleb is looking for Malone.” (sic) Michael Marshall predicted: “Cain going to kidnap will and put him in his car boot.” “Has Cain not learned from Kyle being on trial for killing Al that his knee-jerk reactions end badly? #mmerdale,” Carol Moore tweeted. User @_Pixxalt commented: “Cain is gonna get royally f****d over by Caleb and idk why or how but I'm here for it #emmerdale.” (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.