Cold Weather Payments of £25 are sent out to eligible people when temperatures are, or are forecast to be, below zero for seven consecutive days. The scheme runs until March 31, and many more cold spells are forecast throughout the rest of the month. To be eligible for a Cold Weather Payment, people need to be receiving: There are certain requirements with each benefit that would deem a person eligible to receive payment, such as also having a disability or pensioner premium, or if they’re living with a child under five. State pensioners on Pension Credit will normally be eligible for the payment. Receiving a payment doesn't affect any other benefits a person receives. READ MORE: Bank provider offers 7% interest on savings plus £175 in cash - are you eligible? Households can check if a payment is due in their area using the DWP’s Cold Weather Payment postcode checker. Certain families could get as much as £75 over the course of this winter as the scheme has been triggered three times. All payments will be awarded by the bank or building society account within 14 days of the trigger. Those who are on Pension Credit, which can be claimed by people of state pension age, can contact the Pension Service if they think they are missing payments. The department can be called on 0800 731 0469. READ MORE: Dragons' Den rejects 'lost it all' after investing £200,000 in their product If a person receives Universal Credit, they should add a note to their journal online if they think they also didn’t get the payment. The Universal Credit helpline on 0800 328 9344 can also be used. Anyone who is on one of the other benefits, who believes they are missing a Cold Weather Payment, can contact their local Jobcentre Plus. Ursula Gibbs, director at Comparethemarket said: “Cold weather conditions have significantly impacted several households this winter. “An increasing number of cold weather snaps has increased the number of households eligible to receive cold weather payments from the DWP. "If you are eligible, we encourage you to claim the £25 you are entitled to. "Energy bills have soared in the last year and this payment may help offset rising fuel costs during periods of extremely cold weather." Those living in Scotland cannot get Cold Weather Payments, however, they might get an annual Winter Heating Payment instead. This payment will be a yearly amount of £50 to those who receive certain qualifying DWP payments.