Jake Paul has revealed that he is closing in on a deal with Nate Diaz to stage a two-fight double header in boxing and MMA. The Problem Child has confirmed that he is aiming to stage the fights in 2024 after a grudge match with KSI and says that negotiations are "pretty far along". Earlier on in the week Aaron Chalmers told Express Sport that he was planning on pursuing a similar deal with Paul following his upcoming clash with Floyd Mayweather. Paul recently signed a multi-fight deal with the PFL and has named Diaz as a potential opponent for his MMA debut."We offered a two-fight deal to Nate Diaz, one for boxing and one for MMA," Paul told The Daily Mail. "That could definitely happen and he could definitely be my first MMA opponent, 100 per cent. "It would be diving into the deep end but, for some reason, I just feel as if I’m going to be really good at MMA. I have the wrestling background, I have the better boxing than all of them, so I’ve really just got to learn the kicks and the takedown defence. "It is pretty far along, but it’s not done," he added. "Obviously, in this world of combat sport you never know what’s going to happen. Until everything is signed, I don’t count my chickens until they’re hatched. But we are in talks with his team pretty frequently."  Another man who is currently in talks with Paul is his long-time nemesis KSI. Paul and KSI publically agreed to fight each other at a 180lb catchweight limit with a ten per cent rehydration clause in place for Paul, who is the bigger man. KSI even spiced up the deal by suggesting that the winner should take all of the prize money, to which Paul obliged. The event is being targeted for the back end of this year with Wembley Stadium being touted as the most likely location. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury clears up Paul press conference no-show in Saudi Arabia Joshua bites back at Whyte after promise broken – ‘He's not my mate' Joshua explains wholesome side to ‘money’ comment ahead of comeback Providing an update on discussions between both parties, Paul continued: "It was good that we agreed on a weight, and we agreed on winner takes all. That’s pretty exciting. I thought the weight was going to be more of an issue, but it actually looks like it’s starting to progress. But who knows if he’ll actually follow through in the year. "I’m ready whenever. KSI has said December, so whenever he wants to get embarrassed, whenever he wants to be unconscious, I’m ready whenever. I’ve always been ready. Like I’ve said before, anyone, any time, any place. I’ve said that and proven it. It’s going to be a good one. It’s going to be one for the history books." Before any of these plans can be fulfilled, however, Paul will have to get past his next opponent Tommy Fury on February 26.   