The WBC has confirmed that Tommy Fury will enter the organisation's official cruiserweight rankings after winning his grudge match against Jake Paul on Sunday night. Fury beat the YouTuber turned professional boxer via split decision in Saudi Arabia and is set to be awarded more than a title belt and bragging rights. Two scorecards were 76-73 in Fury's favour after the eight-round bout, earning him the WBC's newly-made Diriyah Champion belt. And the former Love Island star will now be ranked in the WBC's top 40, featuring current champion Badou Jack. A statement read: "With this win, Fury will be ranked in the World Boxing Council's cruiserweight division, improving his record to 9-0, with four knockouts." Fury's saga with Paul has lasted almost three years, with two previous fights being postponed, adding to the pressure on his shoulders. The pair were originally meant to scrap in December 2021, but Fury pulled out due to a bacterial infection and a broken rib. JUST IN: Drake’s sports bets in last year after losing £335,000 on Jake Paul  It led to the 23-year-old brother of arguably the greatest heavyweight of all time, Tyson Fury, being the subject of jibes from Paul and the wider boxing community. Suggestions that he was ducking Paul intensified when he backed out for a second time in August 2022 after visa issues meant he couldn't fight in the United States. But he proved his doubters wrong in the Middle East and gave an emotional interview after the fight. He told BT Sport: "For the past two and a half years, this is all that consumed my life. Broken rib, denied access, and everyone thought I was running scared. "Tonight, I made my own legacy. I am Tommy Fury. I want to dedicate this fight to my new baby girl Bambi at home and my Mrs. DON'T MISS Fury set for huge worth boost after earning millions from Paul fightWoodley calls out KSI for 'ducking three times' after Brit mocks PaulEverything we know about Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury rematch "I love you, and I can't wait to see you. This fight was for you. This belt is for you. Bambi, I love you. "I had a dream and a vision I would win this fight. No one believed me. Now I can stand up, and everyone can take note. It's my first main event at 23 years old. I had a world of pressure on me, and I came through. "This, to me, is a world title fight. This was my dream, and this was my destiny. This was my fate. "I want to thank Saudi Arabia for having me. I love you all for having me and for turning out. You guys, we did it. We did it."