Manchester United icon David Beckham has reportedly fielded requests to back different takeover bids ahead of this week's deadline. And Sir Alex Ferguson is claimed to have also been approached as suitors prepare for a 'PR war' in their efforts to buy the club from the Glazer family. US merchant bank Raine group has earmarked Friday as the deadline for formal offers via email when interested parties will submit a paragraph stating their fee and desired percentage. According to the Telegraph, various bids have approached Beckham to endorse their attempt to take the reins at Old Trafford. It's common for takeover hopefuls to target club legends to win over supporters and the outgoing ownership. And 'industry experts' claim suitors will have also contacted Ferguson to back them ahead of what's expected to be at least a four-way battle. After the Glazer family publicly welcomed investment or a full-scale sale last year, Beckham indicated he would be open to get involved. JUST IN: Man Utd, Chelsea and Tottenham given firm David Raya valuation However, the report adds that he has rejected approaches and doesn't plan to attach himself to any offer. That includes Qatari investors, despite his recent affiliation with the country in an ambassadorial role at the 2022 World Cup. Beckham has entered the world of football investment after retiring in 2013. He is the co-owner of MLS franchise Inter Miami and has a stake in Salford City. His stance has come as a surprise to the parties that wanted him to endorse their attempt to buy United as the takeover saga enters a crucial period. Qatari investors are set to be rivalled by others from the Middle East, American consortiums and British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe. DON'T MISSLeeds 'snub Alfred Schreuder' despite Man Utd visitPremier League block Tottenham from making emergency transfer VAR's seven worst decisions as Arsenal robbed and Man Utd benefit United will listen to full buyout offers as well as minority stakes but are unsure whether Ratcliffe has the financial means to meet their asking price. But he is thought to have partnered with two investment banks - Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan Chase and Co - to secure bonds and loans to help beat rival interest. Qatar has emerged as the potential frontrunner over the last week, with the individuals interested said to be separate from Paris Saint-Germain owners Qatar Sports Investment. It's unknown whether United's prospective Qatari owners would draw on any money from the Qatar Investment Authority, a sovereign fund worth an eye-watering £360bn. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here