Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has been slammed by former Reds midfielder Didi Hamann following Saturday's heavy defeat to Wolves. A post-match skirmish with a reporter has invited fresh criticism onto Klopp, who is struggling to find a solution to his side's torrid run of form since the World Cup. Liverpool's 3-0 loss to Wolves was their third in four Premier League matches, with the other a goalless draw at home to Chelsea. The Reds were also knocked out of the FA Cup by Brighton last weekend, with Klopp and his side suffering from shot confidence ahead of the forthcoming Merseyside derby. Joel Matip's own goal and Craig Dawson's first strike for Wolves left Liverpool two down inside 12 minutes at Molineux, before Ruben Neves rubbed salt into the wounds late on. When quizzed on his side's tendency to start slowly by reporter James Pearce after the game, Klopp refused to answer. "It’s very difficult to talk to you if I’m 100 per cent honest, I would prefer not to do that. You know why, for all the things you wrote," said the German, before taking the very same question from a different reporter. JUST IN: Arsenal fans gleefully thank rivals Tottenham for doing them a favour with Man City win Hamann, who played almost 300 games for Liverpool between 1999 and 2006, believes that Klopp's frosty antics warrant an apology and questioned whether anyone at Anfield has the 'bottle' to challenge the manager when needed. "I found it very strange and petty and what he has to realise is that James Pearce and his family get bombarded with abusive messages since that incident because Klopp didn’t answer a question," he told talkSPORT. "It was a perfectly good question to ask him and I think the least James deserves is an apology. DON'T MISSPep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeatSpurs hero Kane and three others that did Conte proud in Man City winNewcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner "Liverpool is a club that is based on respect and I think someone has to tell [Klopp] 'This is Liverpool Football Club and you can’t do this'. We have campaigns against bullying and you can’t have the Liverpool manager behave the way he did. I feel nobody at the club has the bottle to tell him, which I think they should. "He might say ‘Well, if I got a few players then maybe I wouldn’t have to answer these questions’, so there might be a bit of a standoff. The way things are going at the moment, these things don’t help him and they certainly don’t help the club, which is above everything else. You can’t have a situation where the manager disrespects a very well respected journalist like he did to James Pearce."  On the incident, The Athletic's James Pearce said: "I’ve since been told he was reacting to something he read elsewhere the past few days. Nothing I’d written." Klopp and Hamann have already gone toe-to-toe in the public eye, with the Liverpool boss blasting his compatriot last year following comments made about his team lacking a 'spark'. When informed that it was Hamann who made the remark, Klopp responded sarcastically: "Oh, great. He's a fantastic source. "Well-respected everywhere. I actually think Didi Hamann doesn't deserve that you use his phrase to ask me a question. Do me a favour and ask your own question. Try to ask a question without the word 'spark', that's the challenge now."