The Kansas City Chiefs have won the Super Bowl after one of the more memorable games in NFL history in a back-and-forth game between them and the Philadelpahia Eagles, as they came behind from a 10-point deficit to win 38-35. Mahomes was forced to deal with another ankle injury after reaggravating it in the game, but played through pain to deliver an incredible second half performance. Mahomes was named MVP after the game, just days after being named NFL MVP for the regular season. He became the first recipient of the award to go on and win the Super Bowl in the same post-season this side of the millennium. The Eagles dominated throughout the first half as they went into the break with a 10-point lead courtesy of three touchdowns from Hurts. The Eagles had the ball for 21 minutes with Mahomes and the Chiefs having just eight minutes of possession. Travis Kelce scored a touchdown for Kansas City in response to Hurts' opening drive, but that would be the only touchdown for their offense, with the other coming from a Hurts fumble, recovered by Nick Bolton for a touchdown. But Hurts responded well, scoring another touchdown before the half to give them the lead heading into the half, with Mahomes suffering a reaggravation to his ankle injury with the Chiefs sweating on the health of their quarterback. But Mahomes came out of the half looking back to his, leading the offense to a touchdown to put them within one score  heading into the final quarter. The momentum then swung completely when Mahomes lead the Chiefs to a touchdown to five the team the lead with a pass to Kadarius Toney, before the Eagles failed to convert on a third down and chose to punt the ball away rather than going for it, as they had done earlier. The punt was short and was returned by Toney to the five-yard line, before Mahomes connected with the exact same play as they had done in the previous score, except going the other side of the field to rookie Skyy Moore. Hurts then threw a huge completion to Devonta Smith which lead to another rushing touchdown from the quarterback to tie the game with five minutes to go. But Mahomes was able to lead another drive down the field, with the Chiefs kicking a field goal with just eight seconds to win the Super Bowl - the second in Mahomes' career.