Todd Boehly and his eye-watering spending at Chelsea is reportedly 'causing concerns' among the Chelsea squad. Co-controlling owners Boehly and Behdad Eghbali are said to be aware of how unsettling their aggressive rebuilding is for everyone, according to a new report. Per The Athletic, the duo reportedly remain in full support of Graham Potter and are against removing him from his position until he is able to work with a more 'settled and coherent group'. Potter has found himself under huge scrutiny at Stamford Bridge after their 1-0 home loss to Southampton. The former Brighton and Hove Albion boss has guided the team to just one win all calendar year and the Blues are struggling in mid-table. Chelsea's January expenditure was larger than that of every club in La Liga, Serie A, Bundesliga and Ligue 1 combined. Enzo Fernandez, Mykhailo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile, Malo Gusto, Andrey Santos, David Datro Fofana, Joao Felix and Noni Madueke all pitched up at Stamford Bridge last month. There is also a feeling that new players with hefty price tags will be given priority in regards to game time with the view of implementing a long-term strategy. It comes after it was reported that negotiations between Chelsea and Mason Mount over a fresh contract have been put on hold until the summer. Mount will have 12 months left on his deal when Chelsea relaunch contract talks at the end of the season. Liverpool are said to be pushing hard to sign the midfielder with their interest coming amid an impasse in his ongoing contract talks. A source told The Athletic: "From what I hear or gather, I don't get the impression Potter is saying that much to the players. He doesn't strike me as a personable character that says a lot. "There are a lot of new faces, people speaking different languages, too. Potter hasn't been there that long himself and so it's going to be hard for him to implement his ideas. It can't be easy." Having sacked Champions League-winning head coach Thomas Tuchel, the appointment of Potter was one with a view to implement a long-term philosophy. Potter's side, though, are 10th in the Premier League table after just two wins from 14 games. They also suffered a 1-0 defeat in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie against Borussia Dortmund and could well be eliminated from the competition at the start of next month.