It was reported last year that television news personality Kimberly Guilfoyle and Donald Trump Jr had gotten engaged after keeping the big news secret for a long time. Fans have often speculated about the Republican couple’s marriage plans and about Kimberly’s ring, which can sometimes be seen on her Instagram page. Now, an expert on engagement rings may be able to provide some more details on the mysterious ring. Olivia Landau is a diamond expert who comes from a long line of jewellers and is also the founder of the jewellery company The Clear Cut. Olivia spoke to The List and gave her professional opinion on what she believes is the style of the ring as well as how much it may have cost. She believes the centre diamond of the piece may be an emerald. The diamond expert said: "It looks like an emerald cut, perhaps around 5 carats. It looks like there may be trapezoid side stones. This is a very classic design." READ MORE: Ivanka’s ‘mistake’ after cropping brother’s fiancée out of picture    According to the magazine Brides, which has been giving their expert advice for over 88 years, an emerald-cut engagement ring has been a celebrity favourite in recent years. Musicians such as Beyonce and Jennifer Lopez also have emerald rings. The marriage magazine has also said an emerald-cut diamond can appear bigger than other cuts and can create a “glamorous, mirror-like effect” which is also why it is a popular choice. Olivia also estimated how much Kimberly Guilfoyle’s ring could cost, and said depending on the quality it could be from $65,000 to a whopping $250,000. Ivanka Trump’s own engagement ring is estimated to cost up to around $480,000 according to Tobias Kormind, the managing director of the London engagement ring business 77 Diamonds. In an interview with the Express, he explained: "The ring is rumoured to be a 5.22 carat, D Flawless, cushion cut diamond on a diamond-encrusted band which would be worth about £400,000.” DON'T MISS:Donald Trump Jr. humiliated as supporters heckle him during tour [REVEAL]Donald Trump’s fury at attempts to destabilise White House Press [INSIGHT]Donald Trump Jr’s triggers Twitter meltdown with mocking Halloween  [REPORT]    The Daily Mail has reported that Donald Trump Jr and Kimberly Guilfoyle got engaged on New Year’s Eve in 2020, and had been keeping their engagement secret until last year. A friend told the newspaper: “Don and Kim got engaged on New Year's Eve 2020 - which is Don's birthday. They've been together for almost four years now and have been friends for 15 years. “They've kept it private for the past year as they settled into life in Florida after moving from New York.” The source also added: “Both are focused on their children - they have six between them - and their work.”    It has been reported that a big wedding is being planned by the couple and that the Trump family has welcomed Kimberly Guilfoyle with open arms, especially former president Donald Trump. The source also said that Donald Trump Jr loves that Kimberly is “so smart” and understands the political landscape so well. They said the couple were “crazy about each other.” Fans first speculated the couple was first engaged when Kimberly was seen wearing a large jewel on her ring finger after posting a picture of herself celebrating New Year's Eve at Mar-a-Lago on Instagram. In the captions, she seemed to hint at an engagement as she wrote: "Tonight was extra special celebrating @donaldjtrumpjr's birthday. Don, you are strong, smart, courageous, funny and the love of my life. I can't wait to spend the rest of our lives together. Love you.”   