Salma Hayek Pinault is now an international superstar, with dozens of movie credits in Hollywood - but she struggled to get there. In the 1990s, Salma played powerful, sexy women in films such as From Dusk Till Dawn and Desperado, but after that, she felt she had become pigeonholed. But, really, she wanted to make people laugh. "I was typecast for a long time,” Salma told GQ. "My entire life I wanted to do comedy and people wouldn’t give me comedies." Throughout the 2000s, she continued taking the roles that were expected of her. She starred in Wild Wild West, Once Upon a Time in Mexico, After the Sunset, etc. However, everything changed for her when she met Adam Sandler. The owner and boss of Happy Madison Productions approached Salma in 2010 to join the cast of Grown Ups, an ensemble comedy movie where everyone was encouraged to take the comedy to the next level. She confessed: "I couldn’t land a role until I met Adam Sandler, who put me in a comedy, but I was in my forties!" Salma explained she was told she was "not allowed" to do play the movie parts she wanted. "You’re sexy," Salma was told. "So you’re not allowed to have a sense of humour." The Mexican star mused: "Not only are you not allowed to be smart, but you were not allowed to be funny in the 90s." Salma noted how she felt inferior because she was so attractive, and therefore left for some of the more two-dimensional roles in Hollywood. Despite how she recalls being treated, she confessed she has not grown bitter about her experience. DON'T MISS...Salma Hayek says she didn’t marry billionaire husband ‘for money’ [NEWS]Magic Mike 3 - Mike's Last Dance release date, cast, trailer, plot [INFO]Puss in Boots The Last Wish cast - Here's where you know the cast from [CAST LIST] "I was sad at the time," Salma admitted. "But now here I am doing every genre, in a time in my life where they told me I would have expired – that the last 20 years I would have been out of business." As a result, Salma has changed her outlook: "So I’m not sad, I’m not angry; I’m laughing." This week, Salma will hit cinemas once again in the new Magic Mike movie: Magic Mike's Last Dance. In the picture, she plays a supremely rich woman looking to invest in Mike Lane's talents and vision. Salma's character - naturally - shacks up with Channing Tatum's titular hero, but the actress believes the story is a lot more about female freedom than anything else. Salma posited: "More than being a movie about an older woman falling in love with a younger guy, it’s about a middle-aged woman that has a lot of potential and is sick of being undermined her entire life." In the film's opening sequence, Channing and Salma explore one another in an extremely intimate lap dance. "It's a long lap dance," Salma explained, before noting that they spent four-to-six hours practising the scene before cameras started rolling. She added: "I've never done that before." Channing called it a "long, arduous process". SOURCE