Shamima Begum's mother-in-law has implored the Islamic State (ISIS) to allow her daughter-in-law to leave Syria for the UK where she could "rebuild a new life". Shamima Begum, who joined ISIS aged 15 in 2015 and got married to jihadist husband Yago Riedijk, has made pleas to return to the UK after being stripped of her British citizenship for joining the Islamic group. Ms Begum’s mother-in-law Ankie Riedijk said her son and daughter-in-law should face justice for travelling to Syria and urged British authorities to allow the 23-year-old to return to Britain. In a last-ditch call to British authorities, Ankie Riedijk broke her silence and spoke out for the first time about her daughter-in-law from the Dutch city of Arnhem. In an exclusive interview with MailOnline, she said: "I am convinced that Shamima should be allowed to go home and build her life there." Mrs Riedijk and her husband had so far been reluctant to become involved in the uproar over Ms Begum's future. Shamima and her son Yago, who are technically stateless without a passport and are residing in a refugee camp in Syria, should be returned to Mrs Riedijk's home country where they should be tried for their crimes, Mrs Riedijk said.  It has been a humiliating experience for the devout mother-of-two whose Muslim convert son fled the house at age 21 for Syria, catapulting her middle-class family into the public eye. She added that she was not even informed of her son's most recent interview about his jihadi wife but felt forced to comment after the most recent BBC documentary aired this week. Mrs Riedijk said: "From the beginning, we have tried not to get involved in any kind of publicity. But we were warned that Yago had given an interview about Shamima. We were very grateful about his because we did not know anything about it." The Reidijks were described as a "lovely family" by their neighbours in the suburb who were aware that Yago had gone to fight in Syria. He reportedly got radicalised after watching videos of atrocities in Syria. In March 2016, the Dutch government placed him on a terrorist watch list and froze his bank accounts. READ MORE: BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc Last year, Dutch police reported that he had married a British woman who had given birth to his child. His wife Shamima was only 15 years old when she vanished from her home in Bethnal Green, east London, with two friends in February 2015. She was discovered alive four years later at the Al-Hawl refugee camp in Northern Syria by war correspondent Anthony Loyd. Sajid Javid, the then-Home Secretary, revoked her British citizenship the next day on national security grounds and said she would not be allowed to return. The Court of Appeal ruled in July 2020 that Ms Begum should be allowed to return to the UK in order to fairly contest the Home Secretary's decision by properly instructing lawyers. This decision was appealed to the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom, which ruled unanimously against her on February 26, 2021, overturning the Court of Appeal's decision and preventing her return. Ms Begum has since been stuck in Syria and got married to Yago. They only spent ten minutes together 'to see if they clicked' before deciding to marry. The Dutchman revealed she was "clueless" about how to be a wife at first but later "learned how married life worked" and the importance of "respect, pleasing her husband, and obedience". DON'T MISS:Shamima Begum says she waas 'in love with idea of ISIS' [REPORT]'Narcissist' Shamima Begum 'sees herself as celebrity', says filmmaker [REPORT]'Don't expect Harry to do decent thing, he doesn't know what it is' [COMMENT] The couple has had three children, but two died of disease or malnutrition, and the third, born after Begum was captured by Western-backed Kurdish forces, died of pneumonia in the prison camp where she is being held in northern Syria. Ms Begum, now 23, is contesting the Home Office decision and is fighting the British government in court to regain her citizenship and return to London. Her lawyers told an appeal there is "overwhelming" evidence that she was groomed and trafficked by ISIS for the purpose of "sexual exploitation and marriage to an adult male". Yago, for his part, was sentenced in a Dutch court for terrorist offences and sentenced to six years in prison in his absence. He is also detained in northern Syria after being captured by Kurdish forces. READ NEXT:ISIS terror traitor Shamima Begum given 10 part show by BBC - madnessLoose Women's Carol McGiffin erupts in fiery Shamima Begum rowBBC 'out of touch' as viewers 'disgusted' by Shamima Begum podcastGMB backlash as ITV blasted for giving Shamima Begum 'a platform'BBC faces fury after spending licence fee cash on Begum podcast