During Tuesday’s instalment of Lorraine, the host paid her respects to friend Hilary Alexander. The 77-year-old, who regularly appeared on the ITV show, died on her birthday on Sunday 5 February. First getting into the reporting world at the age of 16, the fashion journalist worked her way up in 1985 to become the fashion editor of the Daily Telegraph where she stayed for decades.Her long-running career also saw the socialite appear on many TV shows such as Lorraine, GMTV, BBC Breakfast and she was also a regular guest on Britain's Next Top Model.During Tuesday’s episode of Lorraine, the ITV host paid tribute to the icon following the recent news of her death on Sunday.Opening the show after an advert break with a clip from 2013, viewers saw Lorraine interviewing Hilary alongside Boris Johnson’s sister Rachel. READ MORE:Strictly's Luba Mushtuk details partner wish for next series In the archive footage, the fashion legend was speaking about Margaret Thatcher as she called the former MP the original power dresser.Cutting back to Lorraine in the studio, the 63-year-old took a moment to appreciate her friendship.She said: “Welcome back, we’ve got some very sad news for you this morning.“That was fashion journalist Hilary Alexander, a regular on our show of course. “She sadly died at the age of 77, the Daily Telegraph described her today as the first to get the story and the last to leave the party.“That’s absolutely true, what a force of nature she was. An amazing, amazing woman and such a party animal too, a great lady.”Hilary, who is said to of coined the term “supermodel”, left the Daily Telegraph in 2011 after being given the role of fashion director in 2003.Two years after leaving the newspaper, she was awarded an OBE in 2013 for her services to fashion journalism and won the title of British Fashion Journalist of the year two times in her career. DON'T MISS... Happy Valley writer worried over finale after star 'wasn't happy'[HAPPY VALLEY] BBC viewers want apology for ‘speculation’ over missing Nicola Bulley [REACTION] Olivia Colman is unrecognisable as Miss Havisham in Great Expectations [VIDEO] Although the cause of Hilary's death has not been confirmed, there have been numerous tributes for the icon from across the fashion industry.US Vogue editor Anna Wintour commented: “Hilary was irrepressible in everything she did.“She lived life to the fullest and her reporting on fashion was just as committed.“I threw a party for her in Paris when she retired… except she never retired! Hilary could never quite leave an industry that she loved so much.” Edward Enninful, British Vogue’s editor-in-chief, wrote: “Hilary was one of the original, old-school fashion journalists.“I remember she was really kind to me when I was first starting out in the industry.“Everybody wanted to read what she had to say about fashion, but also she was hilarious, you could always feel her energy. She was so alive.”Lorraine continues weekdays on ITV from 9am.