Crown Princess Mary of Denmark attended the Danish Parliament's service to mark the one-year anniversary of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, in Holmens Church in Copenhagen today. The royal Princess looked gorgeous in a forest green designer coat, which has already been worn before by someone related to the Royal Family. Pippa Middleton, 39, stepped out at Kate, Princess of Wales's Christmas carol concert back in 2021 dressed in The Fold "Finchley" coat in forest green. This is the same coat worn by Crown Princess Mary of Denmark today. This coat no longer retails in the same colour but is still available to buy at £750 in both ivory and indigo colours. Its description says: "The cooler months call for elegant yet cosy outerwear and our Finchley coat fits the bill perfectly. "The classic wrap-over silhouette is cut from an Italian wool mix with a stunning herringbone weave. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton stays slim with clever 'choices' and 'delicious' meal "Graceful pleats add detail to the shoulders, drawing down to a neatly fitted waist with two black Fold logo buttons. "Falling to a flattering midi length with a softly flared skirt, it's super luxe and easy to style. A stretch lining and in-seam pockets ensure full functionality. "Evening opera or a big day at work, the Finchley will be the most sophisticated coat in your wardrobe." However, Pippa is not the only other person related to the Royal Family to own this coat. Both Zara Tindall and Princess Beatrice have worn this coat in the past too, albeit in different colours.   In 2021 at the same Christmas carol concert, Beatrice stepped out wearing The Fold Finchley Coat in Camel. Then, on New Year's Day in 2023, Zara wore The Fold Finchley Coat in Indigo Herringbone Wool. Back in 2021, Pippa teamed the coat with a pair of emerald drop earrings.  Mary, however, teamed her coat with a Celine belt, her Jimmy Choo pumps and her Quidam clutch bag today. READ MORE: Zara and Mike decorate their Cotswolds home with 'earthy' colours  The belt is made from calfskin with a fabulous gold hook in the centre. It costs 590 Euros or roughly £520 in British Sterling. Mary's £550 Jimmy Choo Romy 100 Pumps in Navy Suede have also been worn by Zara Tindall, Princess Marie of Denmark, and Queen Mathilde of Belgium. Their description says: "Jimmy Choo's pumps are part of the brand's '24:7 Icons' capsule. "Crafted from navy suede, this versatile pair is set on a pin-thin stiletto heel that denotes classic femininity and elegance. We like how the pointed silhouette elongates the leg." Mary has owned her Quidam clutch bag since 2014 and is also made from calfskin leather. The service that Crown Princess Mary attended today is incredibly poignant. Russian troops entered Ukrainian territory on February 24, 2022, starting a conflict that has provoked destruction and a humanitarian crisis. One year on, fighting continues in many parts of the country. 