Logan Paul has told tennis bad boy Nick Kyrgios that he is “not nervous at all” for his brother Jake’s blockbuster showdown with Tommy Fury this weekend. Youtuber-turned-prizefighter Jake takes on the half-brother of WBC heavyweight champion Tyson as the duo finally settle their long-running bitter feud in Saudi Arabia on Sunday. Logan has explained how he now draws on his own experiences of calming down his hysteric mother before his unlikely exhibition match against the legendary Floyd Mayweather when approach his brother’s fights with a positive mindset. Former Love Island star Fury is the first fighter Jake will face in his fledgling career from a traditional boxing background. The ‘Problem Child’ is hoping to extend his 6-0 professional record and has even been given the extra incentive of the prospect of an official world ranking in the cruiserweight division if he defeats Fury in their desert dust-up. There is also a huge weight of expectation on Fury’s shoulders given his serious ambitions in the sport and the 23-year-old has promised to end Jake’s boxing career with a knockout in Sunday's main event.   But Logan has full faith in his younger brother after seeing him overcome Brazilian UFC legend Anderson Silva on points in his biggest fight to date in October. When asked by Wimbledon finalist Kygrios - a star guest on his Impaulsive podcast - if he feels the nerves before watching Jake fight, Logan replied: “I had a period where I stopped getting nervous watching Jake fight and then Anderson Silva, I got nervous again because it’s Anderson Silva.” Kyrgios replied: “It’s pretty nuts,” before Logan continued: “Dude, it's one of the greatest strikers of all time like yeah, I was nervous. But for Tommy Fury, I am not nervous at all.” And Logan - now a WWE superstar - explained to Kyrgios that his mother was ‘freaking out’ before his 2021 eight-round exhibition draw with 50–0 ‘Money’ Mayweather in Florida.  MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury's dad makes Paul U-turn with surprise admission before fight Fury's promoter tells team Usyk to 'shut up' as update given on talks Frank Warren agrees with Tyson Fury about Anthony Joshua  ”What you have to do is - I figured this out with Floyd, well my mum did - you have to wholeheartedly believe in your guy or girl,” he asserted. “I said before Floyd, I said mum - she was freaking out - I was like mum, do you trust me? I got this. “You have to just believe me when I tell you this right now, I got this. And she calmed down. And with fighting, that’s the thing. I’m sure it’s nerve-wracking for your family as well, one on one sports are intense. “You see your person out there like blood, sweat, tears, their soul, putting it all on the line and then the up-and-down of the sport, that’s why I have so much respect for tennis.”  