UFC legend Conor McGregor is hoping to make his comeback within the next few months ahead of his move up to welterweight, with his most likely opponent speaking out on the opportunity of facing him. Former Bellator champion Michael Chandler is heavily rumoured to be McGregor's next opponent, with UFC president Dana White already speaking about the two fighting within the next few months. The Notorious one has not fought since July 2021 after he sustained a broken leg against Dustin Poirier at UFC 264. McGregor was hoping to get back into the Octagon in early 2023 but must re-enter the USADA testing pool and under the anti-doping agency’s rules he is required to re-enrol to their random drugs testing pool for six months before being cleared to fight. This means that a fight is unlikely to happen until the summer, but it is one that Chandler is hoping for, after calling out the Irishman on multiple occasions. And speaking to Ariel Helwani on the MMA Hour, he said that he'd happily move up a weight division to fight McGregor. He said: "I am walking around almost 190 right now and I stay lean, because I'm always training. I'm not getting fluffy or far, and I'm always around that 185-190. So 170, for me, would be a dream come true. I don't like making 155... I still think I'm bigger than Conor McGregor at this point, even with his regimen that he's been on." READ MORE: Conor McGregor called out by UFC legend ahead of welterweight return And in December, Chandler even stated he believes the fight will happen. He told MMA Junkie: "People think it’s going to be the fastest-paced, craziest first round of all time (and) I definitely think it will be. "The way that Conor McGregor starts fights, the way I start fights – it’s a car crash in the middle of the octagon. Hopefully at T-Mobile Arena here in Vegas in July. It’s going to be huge, it’s going to be awesome, and I believe it’s going to happen. Things are moving in the right direction, so let’s make it happen." McGregor has fought twice at welterweight, defeating both Nate Diaz and Donald Cerrone, while fighting his previous other bouts at featherweight and lightweight - where he held both belts. Jorge Masvidal has also been open on his ambition to face McGregor, but believes he is too big and powerful for the Irishman. Former middleweight champion, Michael Bisping, added that he believes McGregor deserves a title shot even after one win at the weight division, because of the attention he brings and what he's done in the sport throughout his illustrious career.