Priscilla Presley, 77, recently took to Instagram and shared a candid post about taking care of your skin but some social media users took issue with the post, in the wake of Lisa Marie Presley's death. The only daughter of Elvis Presley and Priscilla sadly died on January 12 at the age of 54. The singer and songwriter died after being hospitalised following an apparent cardiac arrest. The former wife of music legend, Elvis, took to Instagram on February 18 and shared a candid photo of herself, as she unveiled her latest skincare collection. In view of her 654,000 followers, she penned: "I’m fortunate that I learned at an early age to take care of my skin, thanks to my beautiful mother. Taking time to invest in your well-being will always return a positive result. "I’ve been working on a new skincare product to help simplify my routine. The limited edition collection has finally arrived at @cilla_inc I hope you like it as much as I do!" READ MORE: Battered Dan Walker has 'no memory' of bike accident She added the hashtags: "#cilla #cillabeauty #limitededition #hydratingserum #serum #proage #glowingskin #skinhealth #agingwell #skincare #selfcare #selflove." Despite the post receiving over 98,000 likes, some fans took issue with the timing of the post, with some suggesting it was "inappropriate" in the wake of Lisa Marie's death. Nina Fox wrote: "Nobody else think that this is too soon?" Belle penned: "This is totally inappropriate," while Debi commented: "WAY too soon."   Forte wrote: "What a strange post less than a month after your daughter passed." Jim said: "How can you promote skin care products?" But others rushed to Priscilla's defence with some noting Lisa Marie's eldest daughter Riley Keough recently shared a promotional photo of her new film Daisy Jones And The Six. Mandas remarked: "Am I missing something? Why is everyone going after Priscilla posting her thing while Riley is currently promoting her new movie at about the same time? I don't see negative comments really over there on how 'too soon' it is." DON'T MISS... Strictly's AJ Pritchard shares irritation at Love Island star[LATEST]Tributes pour in for 'brilliant' Grange Hill star Lee Whitlock[TRIBUTES]Piers Morgan rages over 'ludicrous' changes to Roald Dahl books[COLUMN] Mary added: "To all who are criticizing Priscilla work is what saved me through my devastating loss and grief it gave me purpose so keep working. Priscilla, it’s good for the soul! We love you!" Meanwhile, some fans addressed Priscilla's ageless appearance in the photo. Hosan commented: "The photo looks edited," while Snerickson added: "Totally photoshopped. No wrinkles whatsoever." It comes after it was reported Priscilla and is not on speaking terms with her granddaughter Riley, as the former contested Lisa Marie's will. It has now been claimed that Priscilla and Riley are "aren't communicating", leaving the latter "heartbroken" to be dealing with such a dispute. Priscilla was reported by Page Six to have filed documents challenging a "purported 2016 amendment" to her late daughter's will, which ousted her as a trustee. According to documents obtained by the outlet, Priscilla has asked the judge to determine the validity of the amendment, which named Riley and her late brother as successor co-trustees. The amendment allegedly removed Lisa Marie's former business manager Barry Siegel, along with Priscilla, from the trust. 