Medical documents appearing to show Vladimir Putin has pancreatic cancer and early-stage Parkinson's disease have been classified, it has been reported. The despot, 70, is allegedly "critically ill", according to persistent rumours that have been fuelled by his swollen cheeks and shaking legs. In a last-ditch bid to conceal his condition, the Russian president has classified medical record that reveals what appears to be cancer. The explosive spy documents leaked to The Sun appears to confirm the diseases. The Russian leader is now reportedly trying to conceal the documents amid fears there could be a coup in the Kremlin. Investigative journalists were previously able to demonstrate that the tyrant was regularly accompanied by a leading thyroid cancer doctor and other medical professionals thanks to a loophole. Yevgeny Selivanov, a surgeon from Moscow's Central Clinical Hospital, was revealed to have flown to Putin at least 35 times in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in April of last year. The existence of contracts with the hospital that were disclosed on a Russian public procurement website were viewed as further evidence the Russian leader is being treated by cancer specialists.  The latest revelations follow a string of speculation about Putin's condition, with some claiming the Russian leader is very ill and battling "severe cancer". The General SVR Telegram channel, which claims to offer "inside" information on the Kremlin, alleged body doubles have been "used quite often" to hide Putin's ill health. The channel said: "With a high degree of probability, we can say that soon the president will not be able to personally hold meetings and participate in large events". Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky recently suggested the Russian leader might be dead. Speaking to world leaders at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Mr Zelensky said of the war that mysteries remain about Russian activities and the power structure behind closed doors at the Kremlin. He said: "Right now I don't understand who to talk to. I am not sure whether the president of Russia is still alive. "I don't understand that he's still alive or that it is him particularly making decisions." READ MORE: Putin classifies files that 'prove' he's 'been treated for cancer' Over the past few months, the Russian leader has shown signs of ill health at public events. During a weekend of festivities marking Russia’s Navy Day, Putin appeared unable to use his right arm as he was given a tour of a military museum. Putin was seen raising his left arm in an attempt to swat mosquitos away while his right arm hangs limply by his side. Social media users also noticed how Putin appeared to cough frequently during his annual New Year's Eve address in which he called the ongoing war in Ukraine a "sacred duty" for the Russian people Adding to existing rumours, the head of Ukraine's military intelligence, Kyrylo Budanov, told ABC News that Putin had cancer and will die very soon. Asked if Putin was "terminally ill," Mr Budanov replied "of course", adding the Russian leader had been ill for a "very long" period. He added his death will happen "I think very fast, I hope," but only after Ukraine defeats his forces. DON'T MISS:British spy who passed secrets to Putin exposed [REPORT] Vladimir Putin's plans to withdraw Wagner group from Ukraine unveiled [REPORT] British embassy guard spying for Putin filmed letters to Boris Johnson [REPORT]  READ NEXT:Putin making increased use of armoured train to avoid detectionPutin's top TV propagandist calls for missile attack on ParliamentAmericans in Russia could be forced to fight in Ukraine warIran smuggled advanced drones to Russia for its war on UkraineBerlusconi leaves Italy in shame as he attacks Zelensky over Putin war