The return of Casa Amor saw some jeopardy for many of the Love Island couples in the villa, including Jessie and partner Will Young after he kissed Casa girl Layla Al-Momani. After days of heartbreak, Jessie decided to forgive Will after expressing his love for her. However, fans were quick to call Jessie a "hypocrite" on Monday night after she supported Tanya for kissing ex-couple Shaq Muhammed, whilst coupled up with Martin. Over the last couple of days, it has become clear to viewers and even Martin that Tanya wasn't feeling their relationship and possibly regretted her decision to re-couple. After the islanders supported Jessie and Will in finally making up and sending Ron Hall and Lana Jenkins to the Hideaway, they headed off to bed. However, after settling down and the lights being turned off, many of the islanders noticed Tanya got out of her bed and went towards the door. She made her way downstairs and woke up Shaq by giving him a cuddle and then kissing him before skipping back up the stairs and back into bed with Martin. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal The next day, Shaq told Ron and Kai Fagan what had happened in the night and explained that if they had any chance of getting back together, she would need to call time with Martin and grovel. During the girls' debrief, Tanya failed to mention her late-night antics until she was alone with Jessie later in the day. Sat on the bean bags, Jessie asked: "How are you feeling?" to which Tanya admitted: "I am feeling good. "I have a little secret. Last night, when everyone was sleeping and chit-chatting and talking, I left the bed. "I left the bed like I was going to the toilet and I went downstairs to Shaq, gave him the tightest hug ever, and I gave him a kiss, like a really nice long kiss and then I just left him. "That is mine and your little secret." Jessie gasped in shock and exclaimed: "Ok I pinky promise I will keep it! But I am so happy!" Viewers of the show were left disappointed in Jessie and her reaction to Tanya and took to Twitter to express their annoyance at the situation. DON'T MISS...BAFTA chaos as wrong Supporting Actress declared award winner  [LATEST]Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show [INSIGHT]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [WATCH] @DebsAda_ fumed: "You’re giggling with Tanya but was crying because of what Will has done Jessie? Scared #loveisland." (sic) Tara King commented: "These girls are giving us all a bad name. Jessie is 'so happy' that Tanya kissed Shaq behind Martin's back?!! What a hypocrite…where was that happiness when Will kissed someone else?." @chocolatesunn expressed: "Jessie praising Tanya for kissing Shaq behind Martin's back even though she cried for 7 days and 7 nights when Will kissed someone behind her back." (sic) @Snapback_Samuel said: "Jessie just cried for 40 days and 40 nights cause Will lipsed another woman, but look how happy she is that Tanya has kissed 2 men in 24 hours under the same roof. #loveIsland." (sic) @aciroxo claimed: "I need Jessie to be so serious. She’s encouraging Tanya and Shaq, talking about love but let Will do the same thing now she’ll be hyperventilating and drowning in her fake tears. #LoveIsland." @EricaAbena wrote: "But Jessie you didn’t have all this to say about Shaq and Tanya when it was Casa. Everyone is so fake #LoveIsland." @uptheblades added: "Double standards much on #loveIsland? Jessie devastated when Will admits he kissed someone else but then cheers Tanya on for doing pretty much the same thing." (sic) At the end of the episode, Tanya stood in front of everyone and confessed her love for Shaq, admitting that she had called things off with Martin and that she kissed Shaq the night before. Love Island airs every night from 9pm on ITV2.