Tottenham striker Harry Kane has been warned about the prospect of signing for Manchester United by Spurs legend Chris Waddle. The England captain is yet to win major silverware at club or international level, although ditching north London for Old Trafford may not necessarily be the answer to his prayers. United were left short of a striker when Cristiano Ronaldo's contract was terminated by mutual consent late last year. Rather than splash out on a big name, Erik ten Hag was forced to welcome a short-term solution in January as Wout Weghorst signed on loan for the remainder of the season. The Red Devils are expected to seek out a big-money option in the summer, with Kane one of the names linked to Old Trafford. The prolific forward will turn 30 before the start of next season and many feel that he would jump at the chance to start building his trophy cabinet. With less than 18 months left to run on his Tottenham deal, the Lilywhites face a huge decision on whether to cash in while they can at the end of the campaign or risk losing Kane for free in 2024. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m The frontman has a mammoth decision to make on a personal level, too, having just become Spurs' record goalscorer with his 200th Premier League goal. Waddle, who spent six years in north London, believes that Kane could stay put due to the sobering reality that he may not be guaranteed trophies at Old Trafford either. "It’s all well Harry Kane going to Manchester United, but he might not win anything there either," he told BETDAQ. "Whichever way he goes his bank balance will never change. But he could look at Man United and think ‘they might not win anything’. If he signs for four years there and they don’t win anything, what does that mean? DON'T MISSRio Ferdinand begged Man Utd to sign Modric but they bought £17m flop insteadEverton boss Dyche points finger at Pickford following error in Liverpool lossGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to light "I can see Kane staying at Tottenham long-term. He’s settled, he’s a big fish… He could go to Manchester City and play 60 minutes some games, or not even play and be on the bench. He could go to Manchester United and it could be the same. You know with Tottenham he’s going to play. "Hugo Lloris is getting on now so Harry will probably get the armband next season. Antonio Conte could say to him ‘we’re going to buy players A, B and C in the summer’ and he might think ‘wow I want to be a part of this’. If he moves up north or to Europe he’s got to shift everything."  Kane has played over 400 games for Tottenham since breaking through in 2013, while he is also joint-top scorer for England with 53 goals. Many expect him to try and chase down Alan Shearer's Premier League scoring record by staying in his homeland, although there have been persistent links with Bayern Munich over the past 12 months. Chances of a move to Germany may be boosted by murmurs that Spurs would not be willing to sell their talisman to a Premier League rival this summer. Kane is in red-hot form this term, trailing only Erling Haaland in the domestic scoring charts with 17 league goals.