Express.co.uk spoke to Patrick Price, who specialises in tarot readings for horoscope and astrology app Nebula. He predicted Meghan and Harry’s future over the next 12 months - and beyond. According to Patrick, “there will be many big decisions that Meghan and Harry have to make this year, and when it comes to decision-making, they will lean into their more spiritual sides”. He claimed: “We see this as both have Neptune in Sagittarius, which tells us that spirituality and faith are important to both of them and are one of the main commonalities they share in their relationship. “So when it comes to signing big TV deals and so on, they will be looking to make decisions on a spiritual level more than anything else. Expect their next moves to be based on what feels right to them. “Mercury is positioned in the first house for Meghan and the eighth house for Harry, indicating that it is really important to them as a couple to be understood and have their version of events shared with others and communicate their experiences. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims “Having Mercury in the first house tells us Meghan finds communication and honesty to be core values, whilst being in Harry's eighth house tells us he may be passionate about finding ways to communicate his lived experience. Because of this, it looks very likely that they may have another interview or TV special on the way this year.” Patrick explained: “Gemini and Scorpio are in the fifth house of Harry and Meghan. The fifth house can relate to children. “These fifth house positions tell us that... family is a very significant part of both of their lives and is a central pillar for them. “As well as this, having Gemini and Scorpio in the fifth house also tells us a lot about amusement, fun, joy, pleasure, and creativity, and it seems to be a very positive outlook for Harry and Meghan. “This means that if the joy and happiness they will feel do not manifest through having another child, it will manifest in other ways, such as amazing vacations, spending time with close friends, and even becoming creatively fulfilled through various work projects.” As for the pair’s wider family, such as the Royal Family in Britain, rifts could be repaired, according to Patrick. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests He claimed: “Whilst family may be very important to them, we have seen that this area has not always been smooth sailing for the royal couple and that many rifts have emerged within the royal household. “However, the placement of Pluto on both of their charts tells us a lot about how things may unfold in this area moving forward. Pluto moves into the fourth house for Meghan next year, which shows us that some family relations on her side may continue to find some hardship. “Pluto being in this position can often tell us that family life is not always straightforward for Meghan, but this is true for most to some degree. The good news, however, is that it also suggests there will be a lot more understanding and middle ground found in some of these relationships, and hopefully, that means bridges can be built again in the future. “On Harry's side, however, we see that Pluto is in a position that suggests that family relations will continue to be repaired. This will most probably come through some sort of education. “The rift in the royal household will begin to glue back together, and it is suggested in their charts that Harry and Meghan may begin to find some peace in this area, which could suggest that other members of the royal household begin to take accountability for their part in the breakdown of the relationship.” Patrick also predicted a lot of travelling for Meghan and Harry this year as “we see Saturn propping up positions in both of their charts next year, which suggests this”. “This travel will be for several reasons by the looks of things - holidays, charitable work, but also it seems likely that they may return to the UK this year for public events, most likely in the first half of the year, so possibly for the King's coronation. “This is because, in Harry's chart, we see the Moon in Taurus. This tells us that Harry will never stray too far from his roots for too long. Familiarity is important to him, and despite any rifts, when his family needs him to show up - he will. “This travel will be very good for their public image as it will show they lead from the heart when it comes to the kinds of charitable work they are doing, but it will also show that family relations are being repaired.”