  Rebecca Ferguson, 36, who was a runner-up on The X Factor in 2010, has welcomed a little bundle of joy this Valentine’s Day. The singer admitted she “couldn’t keep a secret” after announcing the birth of her baby.      Rebecca has welcomed her little one with husband Jonny Hughes, and shared the happy new on Instagram in view of her 101,000 followers. She married the sports agent in a luxurious ceremony last year, and this is the first child they will share together. Sharing a snap of her newborn’s hand, Rebecca wrote: “Surprise! Turns out I can keep a secret. Born on Valentine's Day." Rebecca is already a proud mum to her children Lillie, Karl and Arabella. READ MORE: Penny Lancaster wows on her and Rod Stewart's lookalike son's birthday     The scouse star first rose to fame on series seven of popular ITV talent show the X Factor, where she placed second after Matt Cardle went on to win the show. She has continued to enjoy a successful career within the music industry, releasing her debut album Heaven the year after she appeared on the series. The album peaked at number 3 on the UK Albums Chart and she went on to release three further top-ten albums: Freedom (2013), Lady Sings the Blues (2015) and Superwoman (2016). Her most successful track to date is Nothing’s Real But Love, which peaked at number 10 in 2011.     Upon hearing the happy news, Rebecca took to the Instagram comments section to send her messages of congratulations. “Congratulations beautiful,” Sophie Hinchliffe wrote, while Jordan Bone also said “Congratulations.” “The most wonderful news - so delighted for you both,” Ellie Phillips penned with three heart emojis. “OMG! Congratulations!” AFSHEEN commented, as Dr Tessa Hartmann added: “The best news - a bundle of joy - super congrats.” READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's 'rinsing' is how most Americans feel, claims Piers [NEWS] Richard Hammond's ‘addiction to work’ cost him relationship with kids [NEWS] Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than ever [PICTURE]     While Rose Gallagher also wrote: “Awwww huge congratulations to you both, your little Valentine!” Marie Arrowsmith commented: “A little Birdie from Boisdale hinted you had some good news. “So pleased for you. Welcome to the elite club #mumof4,” she added. (sic) Gintare commented: “Congratulations! Impossible to tell - amazing secret baby.”     Rebecca met Karl Dures, the father of her two oldest children, on holiday in Tenerife. Things didn’t work out between the pair after several years of dating, and she went on to have her third child Arabella from a later relationship in 2014. On New Year’s Day last year, the star happily confirmed her engagement to partner of 7 years Jonny.   