China has rubbished the US’ claims it will back Russia’s war in Ukraine. As the year anniversary of Moscow’s “special military operation” in Ukraine approaches, top US officials have claimed Beijing is already providing Russia with non-lethal military assistance. However, Beijing fired back to dismiss the reports, and told the US to stop putting “pressure” on its relations with Moscow. “The US is not qualified to give orders to China,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin said at a regular news briefing. “We will never accept US criticism, even coercion and pressure on China-Russia relations.” Wang then added China’s position on Ukraine “can be simply put as promoting peace talks”. “China will continue to firmly stand on the side of dialogue and peace and play a constructive part in easing the situation,” he said. Beijing’s firm denial follows Secretary of State Antony Blinken’s comments on Saturday where he suggested to CBS News that China would provide weapons and ammunition to aid Moscow. "We've been concerned from day one about that possibility," Blinken said in an interview with "Face the Nation" moderator Margaret Brennan on Saturday. "There's a whole gamut of things that — that fit in that category, everything from ammunition to the weapons themselves." He also said Chinese companies are already providing non-lethal support to the Russian effort. READ MORE: US jets intercepts eight Russian warplanes near Alaska in two days Despite China’s denials, Sen. Lindsey Graham on Sunday said China would be making a colossal blunder if it decides to provide lethal aid. “If you jump on the Putin train, you’re dumber than dirt,” the South Carolina Republican said of China in an interview with Martha Raddatz on ABC’s "This Week". “It would be like buying a ticket on the Titanic after you saw the movie.” Tensions between Beijing and Washington are at a new high after a suspected spy balloon floated over the US earlier in February. Blinken also told NBC on Sunday that “there’s no doubt” the high-altitude balloon was attempting to engage in active surveillance. However, China has insisted that it was a weather balloon that veered off course, but Blinken added he had a “very direct, very clear” conversation about the balloon with Wang, but did not receive a direct apology. “More than 40 countries have had these balloons go over their territories,” he also told ABC’s This Week. “There’s a real concern that I’m hearing here from other countries.”