A Lativan MP used a famous Ukrainian war quote of “Russian warship go f*** yourself” in a UN security meeting with Kremlin delegates present where he delivered an impassioned speech. Rihards Kols said he could not sit in the same room as Russian lawmakers as if "nothing happened" when thousands of Ukrainians had been killed when Putin invaded a year ago. He spoke as Russian Federation politicians attended the European security meeting in Vienna, Austria, of the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe. Clearly angry, he pointed towards the politicians and accused them of being war criminals. Mr Kols said the “white elephant in the room” was the Russians attendance, which he branded a “disgrace” and he claimed they should not have been granted access. In a video posted of the meeting posted online Mr Kols said: "We say we stand for our principles and values, but we don't. I mean, there is an elephant in this room whose name is the delegation of the Russian Federation. He said if he was a witness and "someone asked me who is the war criminal, I would point to the back benches in this room."  "It is shameful that this delegation is here. Especially a delegation consisting of members who are under sanctions in Russia, individuals who voted for the annexation of independent countries." He went on to list Donetsk, Kherson, Zaporishia and Luhansk in respect of the invasion in Ukraine. "I will convey a message to the Russian delegation sitting in this room, and I will quote the Ukrainian border guards. "Russian warship, go f*** yourself." The message of defiance, shouted over the radio by Ukrainian sailors after Putin's troops ordered them to surrender Snake Island, off the coast of Odessa in south eastern became a symbol of Ukraine defiance in the early days of the conflict. Ukrainian border guards radioed from the attacking ship were heard to respond with the profanity. READ MORE: Shocking moment 6ft6, 122kg student beats teacher unconscious for taking Nintendo Switch Mr Kols was draped with a blue and yellow Ukrainian flag during the meeting of the Organisation for Security Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). According to the Telegraph the OSCE is a “conflict prevention forum that brings together Russia and the post-Soviet states with western Europe”. Ukraine and Lithuania boycotted the session because of the Russian presence, with the participation of Vladimir Putin’s government branded “morally and politically inappropriate". During the Russian address, a number of delegates walked out in disgust. DON'T MISS: Sunak hopes for new Treaty of Windsor with Brexit deal but King pulls out of meeting 