Endeavour tells the tale of Inspector Morse during the early years of his career in Oxford during the 1960s and 1970s. Starring Shaun Evans as the titular character and Roger Allam as his partner Fred Thursday, together, they investigate some of the toughest crimes affecting their side of the world. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about how to watch Endeavour season nine and what to expect from the series. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Endeavour. Last year, ITV confirmed Endeavour would return for series nine with filming wrapped up in August 2022. The release date was then revealed earlier this month with the period crime drama set to begin on Sunday, February 26, at 8pm on ITV. Endeavour season nine is going to consist of three episodes in total, which is what both series seven and eight were made up of. An instalment will air in the same time slot every week with the last episode coming out on Sunday, March 12. READ MORE: Unforgotten season five's theme tune is sung by duo Oh Wonder Many of ITV's shows come out in full on its streaming service ITVX so fans can binge-watch whenever they choose. Sadly, this won't be the case for Endeavour with each episode dropping on the streamer one at a time and only after it's shown on ITV first. This is most likely to be because this will be the final season of Endeavour as the network confirmed the news last year. According to Radio Times, the decision was "mutually agreed" by production company Mammoth Screen, screenwriter Russell Lewis and actors Evans and Allam. In a statement, executive producer Damien Timmer commented: "Endeavour has been a real labour of love for all of us, and we salute Russell Lewis for his extraordinary achievement in chronicling Endeavour Morse’s coming of age across 72 hours of TV. "Russell always knew where he wanted the series to end, and that Remorseful Day is nearly upon us! "We’d like to thank Shaun and Roger and all the other members of the Endeavour family on and off screen, and to the show’s fans both in the UK and abroad." A major point of discussion is what will happen to destroy Endeavour and Thursday's friendship. DON'T MISS...Caroline Hawley has been part of Bargain Hunt since 2014 [CAST]Endeavour's Roger Allam hints at tragic Fred Thursday death  [SPOILER]Endeavour's Shaun Evans addresses 'very difficult' ending [CAST] As fans already know from the original Inspector Morse, he is estranged from his colleague and friend Thursday as he is never seen or talked about in the drama. So viewers are keen to know just how the pair grew apart, a matter that hasn't gone over star Evans' head. Opening up to PBS Masterpiece, he said: "I’m delighted, first and foremost, that it does sadden people, that they feel so engaged that they would emotionally feel an attachment, both to Endeavour wanting to get with Joan, and also then the fissure between the relationship with him and Thursday." He continued: "We know because of the unique prequel nature of this story, that neither Joan nor Thursday is ever mentioned in either the books or in the series with John Thaw. "So it’s our duty to make a decision about why that is, and what they do in our particular stories that ensure that they’re never mentioned again later on. And I feel like we’ve satisfied that." There won't be too long to wait now to find out, as this is set to be the beginning of the end of their partnership. Endeavour season nine premieres on Sunday, February 26, at 8pm on ITV.