Ivanka Trump wore a very special dress to a 1920s-themed party. The mother-of-three and her husband attended the 30th birthday party of music manager Myles Shear at Faena Hotel Miami Beach last night. The 41-year-old wore a suitable dress with a 20s feel, a vintage 80s beaded piece by Bob Mackie. However, the dress has a very special meaning for Ivanka. The dress, which Ivanka paired with silver shoes and her blonde hair coiffed and curled, once belonged to Ivanka's late mother. Posting a picture with her husband Jared Kushner on her Instagram stories, Ivanka wrote: "Swinging into the night in one of my mother's favorite vintage Bob Mackie Dresses." The vintage Bob Mackie dress was worn by Ivanka's mother Ivana to Studio 54's 25th-anniversary party in New York City back in 2002. Pictures of the mother-daughter duo from the event see the pair smiling and laughing together. It's not the first time Ivanka has worn one of her mother's vintage dresses. She wore another Bob Mackie piece to the wedding of Joseph Altuzarra in 2014. Ivana wore the dress herself in 1991. READ MORE: The strange Melania Trump IQ rumour fooling some fans of the former first lady Ivana Trump died on 14 July 2022 in the Upper East Side, New York. Donald Trump's first wife, originally from Zlín, Czechia, was 73 when she passed away at her Manhattan home after falling down a set of stairs. Ivanka wrote a tribute to her mother on Instagram at the time of her death. The grieving daughter wrote: "Heartbroken by the passing of my mother. Mom was brilliant, charming, passionate, and wickedly funny. She modeled strength, tenacity, and determination in her every action. "She lived life to the fullest — never forgoing an opportunity to laugh and dance. I will miss her forever and will keep her memory alive in our hearts always." Fans swamped Ivanka's post with praise. One wrote: "Absolutely stunning!!! LOVE everything about this pic." DON'T MISSAll the sordid claims Stormy Daniels has made about Donald Trump [FEUD] 'Where the hell is Melania?' Fans 'never see her' [INSIGHT] Melania's three dazzling diamond rings from Donald [STYLE] Another said: "You are so beautiful and sophisticated. I’m a grandmother and hope my granddaughter has class and style like you." Many drew comparisons between Ivanka and her mother, with one writing: "You look just like your mom." Another remarked: "Aww, you look like your mom in these shots" A huge number of fans called for Ivanka to relaunch her clothing line. One said: "Petition for the Ivanka Trump clothing line to relaunch." "Please make shoes again! Yours are my favorite work shoes and I can’t find any others as comfortable and flattering," another said. One fan wrote: "Please go back in making shoes and dresses. Yours are the only ones I really like." "Dress is gorgeous!! Miss your shoe and clothing line desperately!!" one said. Ivanka's clothing company closed down in 2018, after stepping down amid her father's presidency to focus on supporting him.