During a visit to Volgograd to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the Soviet victory in the battle of Stalingrad, two of Putin's security guards were seen carrying black cases. It is said that one of the black cases carried by Putin's security guards serves as a foldable shield to protect him in case of an attack, while the other is thought to hold the button for launching Russia's nuclear weapons. The briefcase, known as Cheget in Russian, has a personalised key code and is constantly monitored to control Moscow's nuclear arsenal. It is said to be always accompanied by an armed security officer who travels with Putin. The briefcase was developed in the early 1980s and was first showcased to the public in 2019, with its contents being displayed on television. Putin visited the memorial dedicated to fallen Red Army soldiers in Volgograd, where he laid a wreath at the eternal flame and made a speech.  He expressed concern about the resurgence of neo-Nazism, which he views as a direct threat to Russia's security, and accused the Western collective of aggression. Putin also criticized Germany's decision to supply advanced Leopard battle tanks, warning that a modern war with Russia would be different. The Russian strongman referred to the presence of neo-Nazi beliefs in Ukraine and linked the potential use of German Leopard tanks with crosses painted on their armor to the actions of Ukrainian nationalist leader Stepan Bandera, who was a Nazi collaborator during World War II. Putin said: "It’s incredible, but it’s a fact: they are threatening us again with German Leopard tanks with crosses painted on their armour.  "And they are again going to fight Russia on the territory of Ukraine with the hands of Hitler’s followers, the Banderites." The Battle of Stalingrad holds great significance in Russia and is remembered as one of the bloodiest battles in history, with an estimated 2 million casualties. It is seen as a major turning point in World War II and is a source of pride in modern Russia. The city was renamed in 1961 as part of the Soviet Union's rejection of Joseph Stalin's personality cult and attempts to restore its original name have not been approved by the Kremlin. DON'T MISS Fighter jets key to defeating Putin, Ukraine MP says [REPORT] Tory MP warns over 'dire state' of UK Army after damning US comment [INSIGHT] Putin warned Russians have 'no stomach for the fight' in Ukraine war [ANALYSIS] Some Russian lawmakers have been instructed by the dominant United Russia party to equate the situation in Ukraine to the Battle of Stalingrad. "The achievement of our fathers and grandfathers, showing unprecedented heroism, valor and self-sacrifice during the defense of Stalingrad, still inspires our courageous soldiers who carry out responsible combat missions on the fields of the special military operation and defend the sovereignty, independence and security of our country,” said Russian Orthodox Church head Patriarch Kirill, using the official characterization of the conflict that began nearly a year ago. Communist Party head Gennady Zyuganov, after laying flowers at the Unknown Soldier memorial outside the Kremlin, said he hoped Russian forces would prevail in Ukraine. "To do this, it is necessary to adopt the unique experience of the victorious Red Army, the Battle of Stalingrad, Oryol, Kursk," Zyuganov said.