Barcelona boss Xavi has sent both Manchester United and Arsenal a hands-off warning regarding his star Ansu Fati. The young Spanish winger has been linked with the two Premier League giants having fallen down the pecking order at the Nou Camp, but Xavi was strong in his response to claims that the 20-year-old may leave in the summer. Fati has started just seven La Liga games so far this season following the summer additions of Roberto Lewandowski and Raphinha, while Gavi has been preferred on the left wing in recent games. Arsenal and United have emerged as contenders for his signature as the two sides could be prepared to bolster their forward options in the summer, but Xavi has warned both that he is not for sale. “For me, yes, he is non-transferable,” Xavi said in his pre-match press conference ahead of Barcelona’s clash with Villarreal. “There is no one transferable at this point. I don't understand why we talk about these things, about the sale of Ansu, especially in the Barcelona environment, now that the market has ended. “He is a fundamental player for us. I have extraordinary confidence in him and tremendous hope. He is a player of the present and future. I tell him that we expect a lot from him and I have blind trust in you. I have a lot of confidence with everyone, especially with Ansu. He must be patient and go little by little. They want to go too fast. I spent three years with the number 26.” Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that United, Arsenal and Liverpool are all tracking Fati’s situation ahead of the summer and are being kept well informed, while Bayern Munich are not interested in the Spain forward. Barcelona president Joan Laporta has joined Xavi in insisting that Fati will remain with the Spanish side. "He is a Barca player, in whom we have high hopes and we have no news that his agent wants to do anything," Laporta said. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges Fati is predominantly a left winger but has lined up as a centre-forward on occasion for Barcelona, which may tempt Erik ten Hag’s outfit into lining up a move for the youngster that has a contract at the Catalan side until 2027. Wout Weghorst has been signed on loan from Burnley until the end of the season after Cristiano Ronaldo’s contract was terminated, but the Red Devils are expected to target a new centre-forward in the summer. Arsenal added Leandro Trossard in January after missing out on Mykhaylo Mudryk to Chelsea, but could return for another forward in the summer as Mikel Arteta’s will need more quality in depth as they are likely to feature in the Champions League next season.