A major emergency rescue operation is underway after a tugboat with two people on board capsized off the coast of East India Harbour near Greenock. Emergency services, several police launch boats and rescue craft rushed to the scene as soon as the alarm was raised at around 3:30 pm on Friday, with rescue helicopters and other coastguard teams also dispatched to the place of the accident. Helensburgh RNLI lifeboat said two people were on board the vessel when it turned over. Onlooker Danny McBride who tweeted about the "major incident at Custom House Quay in Greenock" and witnessed what "looks like persons trapped" said the tug has turned over "pretty instantaneously". He told the BBC: "At that point, I contacted the coastguard and was asked to go and keep eyes, so I parked up and watched. "Within 12 minutes the first coastguard vessel came. At that point, the boat was still capsized with a hull visible in the water. "I witnessed them bashing on the hull, I guess trying to see if there were any signs inside. Unfortunately, then the boat went down a short time afterwards." Greenock's Beacon Arts Centre reported on Twitter that Friday night's events had been postponed and that police had restricted nearby roads due to the rescue operation. It said: "Due to an ongoing emergency incident on the River Clyde, roads around the Beacon have been closed by police and there is no access to our building. "We have been advised by police to cancel tonight’s performances at very short notice." The centre added: "We will reschedule tonight’s performances or provide full refunds and will be in touch with our customers with more details as soon as possible. We appreciate your patience."  A Coastguard spokesperson earlier said: "HM Coastguard is currently responding to reports of a capsized vessel at Custom House Quay in Greenock, February 24. "Just before 3:30 pm Coastguard Rescue Teams from Helensburgh and Greenock, a lifeboat from Helensburgh and the Coastguard helicopter from Prestwick were sent to assist and are searching the area. "Police Scotland is also in attendance." Police have cordoned off the area around the harbour.