A UFO shot down over Alaska reportedly "interfered with sensors" on the jets which shot it down, according to pilots involved. However, other pilots have provided conflicting accounts, saying they didn't experience this, CNN reported. It comes as Pentagon bosses admit they don't know the origins of the downed devices. The news comes after a Chinese spy balloon traversed the United States before being shot down February 4 off the coast of South Carolina. Now, three UFO's have been shot down since by joint US-Canadian operations - one over Alaska on Friday, one over the Yukon in Canada on Saturday and one over Lake Huron between the two countries on Sunday. The most recent device to be shot down was octagonal in shape with strings attached, however Pentagon officials appeared baffled at what it was or how it remained in the air. "Certainly the event off the South Carolina coast, the Chinese spy balloon, that was clearly a balloon. These are objects. I'm not able to categorise how they stay aloft," said General Glen VanHerck, head of the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and US Northern Command.  He added: "It could be a gaseous type of balloon inside a structure, or it could be some type of propulsion system. But clearly they're they're able to stay aloft." When asked if the Pentagon had ruled out the possibility of extra-terrestrials he said "I haven't ruled out anything". CNN's Natasha Bertrand said that the object shot down over Alaska on Friday had "interfered with the sensors" on the F-35s sent up to check the object. "When the US first detected this object over Alaska on Thursday, they sent up F-35 jets to…see what was going on," she said. "And these pilots reported back very conflicting accounts."  READ MORE: Baby dropped off in scheme that lets parents give up new-borns She said the pilots of the cutting edge planes claimed "that this object was actually interfering with the sensors of their aircraft and they couldn't figure out why, because there was no identifiable kind of surveillance equipment on the object". She added: "Then other pilots were saying that they did not see anything on the object that appeared able to propel it, that it seemed like there was no way that this was actually able to stay in the air." That object was at around 40,000 feet and was shot down by an F-22 with a Sidewinder missile, same as the Chinese balloon shot down over South Carolina. The strange object was said to be the size of a small car. Authorities have said they may be seeing more objects in US/Canadian airspace because they are looking harder following the balloon incident.  READ MORE: Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT] Melissa Dalton, assistant defence secretary for homeland defence, said: "We have been more closely scrutinising our airspace at these altitudes, including enhancing our radar, which may at least partly explain the increase [in detections]." Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York previously described the unidentified objects shot down over Alaska and Canada as balloons, however he appears to be contradicted by the White House. White House officials would not characterise the objects as "balloons" until debris was recovered, according to reporting by Bloomberg. Schumer described the two objects as "much smaller" than the Chinese balloon shot down over South Carolina. 