Cleaning influencer Tanya, who dubs herself "the queen of hacks", has explained how she gets stains out of her white clothes and keeps them looking bright by adding a common kitchen item to the wash. Tanya shared the hack on her TikTok page @tanyahomeinspo, where she has amassed a following of a 642K. "You will never do your laundry the same again," she told her viewers. According to Tanya, adding a squirt of dishwashing soap to a white cloth, and placing it in the washing machine with your laundry can work wonders to get clothes clean and bright. "Dish soap on a cloth. Put it in with your whites. Removes stains and keeps clothes white," Tanya said while showing the step-by-step process in her video. Tanya opts to use green fairy liquid, which can be purchased for as little as £1 from supermarkets such as Asda. READ MORE:Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito While dish soap can be used to clean certain stains, experts suggest you should only use a small amount in your washing machine. Experts from CleanUpGeek.com explained: "Dish soap can be used to hand wash clothes. When using dish soap as a laundry detergent, be sure to use a small amount. "Using too much dish soap will cause your clothing to fade. Dish soap creates a lot of suds, so it’s important to use the right amount of dish soap when washing your clothes to prevent it from causing a huge mess." The experts recommend using no more than one tablespoon of dish soap for a small load of laundry and no more than three tablespoons for a large load of laundry. Dish soap is designed to break down grease and dirt which means it can be quite harsh on your clothing. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [EXPLAINER]Essential part of the vacuum cleaner is 'so easy to forget to clean' [INSIGHT]Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [COMMENT] So far, Tanya's hack has been "liked" over 195,000 times, with many users saying they often use dish soap. Kyanzi said: "Ha I do this for all my clothes. The laundry soap just doesn’t get my clothes clean enough." Tanya responded: "That's right. This works so much better." Another TikTok user named Juliet added: "I've always used dishwasher soap for my laundry, it cleans the clothes better than washing machine powder. I wash my hair with it too." If you are looking for a way to brighten your white laundry without using bleach, baking soda is often recommended as a natural solution. Baking soda makes a good laundry product because of its mild alkaline properties which make it able to dissolve grease and dirt and even soften clothes.  You can pre-treat clothes before washing them with a scoop of baking soda, or add around half a cup to your laundry cycle. To pre-treat clothes, add a cup of baking soda to a tub of warm water and then leave your clothes to sit overnight. Rinse the items off and then run them through a regular laundry cycle. For an added boost, line-dry your clothes outdoors in the sunlight. Alternatively, sprinkle half a cup of baking soda in your washing machine drum and add your laundry to the machine. Run on a normal wash using detergent as you usually would. 