Clint Dempsey is widely regarded as one of the greatest American's to ever play the beautiful game. Performing at a high level on the international stages set him apart from his US counterparts - but the midfielder also had another skill that separated him from his peers. The 35-year-old announced his retirement from football in 2018 and enjoyed a 14-year career that saw him play for four different clubs, as well as racking up an incredible 141 caps for his country. Dempsey, named as the captain of the United States squad for the World Cup in 2014, is no stranger known for being vocal on the pitch. But the Texas native isn't just vocal on the pitch as, away from football, he is quite the rapper. Ahead of the World Cup in 2014, Dempsey, playing for Fulham at the time, revealed he was releasing a rap album after the tournament finished. He spent two weeks before the showpiece recording a 13-track album in Los Angeles with the help of rappers and producers from his home town of Nacogdoches, Texas. The album, called 'The Redux', was released under Dempsey's rap name 'Deuce'. On the collection, Dempsey raps about his journey from rags to riches, being "Captain America" and scoring goals - or as he says "Banging Gs". It wasn't the first time that Dempsey forayed into the world of music, having released a track before the 2006 World Cup called 'Dont Tread'. Despite Dempsey's clear love for music, his footballing accolades are much more to shout home about. The midfielder became the first American to ever record a hat-trick in the Premier League. In 37 appearances for Fulham, Dempsey came away with 17 Premier League goals, 23 in all 2011 competitions. The collection of goals sent him past Brian McBride as the top US scorer in Premier League history. He finished the club's top scorer in consecutive seasons and was also crowned the club's Player of the Season in the process. Dempsey garnered other achievements in the sport, too. He was the 2006 and 2011 Honda Player of the year and the 2007 and 2011 US Soccer Athlete of the Year. He scored 57 goals for the United States and played in three World Cups, creating his own piece of history when he became the fastest scoring American in the tournament history following his strike against Ghana after 29 seconds. The face of American soccer also became the first player to score in three consecutive World Cups. In 2010, he helped guide Fulham to the Europa League final before an extra-time defeat to Atletico Madrid. He would then spend a season at Tottenham Hotspur, scoring 12 in 43 appearances before ending his career at Seattle Sounders in 2018 after six years. Dempsey took to Instagram to announce his retirement alongside a montage of images from the start of his career to the end. Alongside the pictures was the simple message: "Thank you, it's been real."