Emmerdale's Paddy Dingle (played by Dominic Brunt) has been struggling with depression after he discovered his wife Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) had an affair with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Official ITV spoilers reveal that Paddy soon returns home with his family but they are left even more heartbroken when they discover the intentions behind his return. Last week, Paddy's friends and families were given a glimmer of hope when police confirmed there had been a sighting of the beloved vet. Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) and Chas raced to where the sighting had taken place but soon felt deflated when they were unable to find him. They crossed paths with a passerby who claimed they had spotted Paddy. However, little did Mandy and Chas know, the man had already made a deal with the vet. As the pair made it to the guest house, they soon realised that Paddy was no longer there and had fled the residence once again. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal In upcoming scenes, everyone is stunned when a dishevelled Paddy is standing in the doorway with a holdall. Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) struggles with his feelings after seeing his best friend once again but soon simmers and makes a beeline for him. Chas is left irritated by Paddy’s behaviour, especially since the whole village has been out looking for him for weeks on end. When Bear Wolf (Joshua Richards) enters with Eve Dingle (Bella James), it’s an emotional reunion for all and Chas softens when she realises the hurt and sadness in Paddy’s eyes. Paddy plays up his happiness to get Marlon off his back but when Marlon leaves, Paddy’s facade crumbles as he’s left utterly bereft and broken. After everyone simmers down at the fact he has returned, Paddy goes about his day seemingly making amends with family and friends. However, unbeknownst to them all, Paddy is saying his veiled goodbyes and leaves his dad Bear a letter. Later Paddy has taken off once again and Bear soon makes the horrifying discovery of the letter, stressed at what has happened to his son. DON'T MISS..BAFTA chaos as wrong Supporting Actress declared award winner  [LATEST]Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show [INSIGHT]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [WATCH] Helpless Marlon is distressed as everyone scrambles to go and find Paddy and leaves him to think about where Paddy could have gone once again. When Rhona delivers the appalling news about the missing bolt gun from the Vet surgery, the reality of what Goskirk (Zoe Henry) he is doing is all too worrying as they hope they can find him in time. Will anyone find Paddy in time before he makes an everlasting decision? How will Marlon cope knowing that Paddy has possibly left with a gun and intends on not coming home? The heartbreaking scenes are a run-up to a landmark moment for the soap where it will broadcast an all-male episode in its 50-year history. After the discovery that Paddy attempts to kill himself, Marlon sets up a late-night lock-in at the Emmerdale Woolpack. Marlon actor Charnock explained: ”Despite Paddy being home and safe back in the heart of the village Marlon is finding it hard to get through to him and is worried Paddy will never find the courage to open up and talk. “When Chas and Jimmy both unwittingly give Marlon this idea it’s not long before Marlon is acting on their information and setting up this lock-in. He just hopes it will help.” Emmerdale has worked closely with Samaritans and male suicide prevention charity Andy’s Man Club on this hard-hitting storyline. Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.