Buffy the Vampire Slayer continues to be one of the most influential supernatural teen dramas of all time. Since it finished airing, Sarah Michelle Gellar has been very selective about what roles she takes. She spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press about the new Paramount Plus series and how times have changed. Wolf Pack made its debut on January 26 and the eerie series follows arson investigator Kristin Ramsey as she looks into a devastating forest fire. While she is distracted trying to find the culprit, the deadly fire has had an unusual impact on some of the young residents in California. After being bitten by werewolves, Blake Navarro (Bella Shepard) and Everett Lang (Armani Jackson) are trying to come to terms with their newfound abilities. Creator Jeff was influenced a lot by Buffy when making his shows, and Sarah explained how filming for TV has changed since then. READ MORE: Sarah Michelle Gellar 'didn't have intention' of reading Wolf Pack Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press at a question and answer session for Wolf Pack, she said: "It's different and a lot of what's changed is really for the better. "Shooting 22 episodes of anything, even a sitcom, really can take the joy out of it. "It is so much to ask of everybody, to ask the writers, to ask the crew, to ask the editors. "It's hard not just for the actors but for the audience too because you get pre-emptive. "It's really hard to maintain, especially now when we are used to fast uploading. "When you do streaming you really get to tell the story, tell it efficiently, not to the point where it's like drawing blood out of it. "So it makes it much more pleasurable I think both for the audience and the people working on it." Sarah was also an executive producer on Wolf Pack, meaning she had a lot more freedom and control than in her Buffy days. DON'T MISS... Why did Joss Whedon create the Buffy The Vampire Slayer series? Buffy cast now: Where are all the Buffy The Vampire Slayer cast now? Sarah Michelle Gellar husband: When did she marry Freddie Prinze Jr? Jeff explained why Buffy was such a huge influence on his work, saying: "A friend of mine would host watch parties when Buffy was on. "I thought 'This is a really good show, I should get back into it'. "Then I got all of it on DVD, I tore through the whole thing and I was like 'Oh my God, this is amazing'. "It was a big influence in that the dialogue was so witty, the characters felt so real and there were real moments of emotion. "It wasn't just a monster of the week show, it was... you cared for those characters immensely. "That's what I tried to do with my shows as well like Teen Wolf. I like that audience identification. "I like the sense of humour of Buffy, this has a little bit of a sense of humour but it's a little grimmer and darker." Sarah takes on her latest role 20 years after Buffy finished airing, having ran for 144 episodes.  Wolf Pack airs weekly on Thursdays on Paramount Plus in the US. New episodes are released on Fridays in the UK.