Meghan Markle and Prince Harry would receive an "arctic" return to the UK as Queen Camilla's family is tipped to "steal the limelight". Buckingham Palace is understood to have the Duke of Sussex high on the Coronation invite list, though his attendance is yet to be confirmed.  The olive branch comes after Harry and Meghan's recent media blitz following the release of the couple's Netflix documentary in December and the Duke's memoir Spare in January. Royal commentator Daniela Elser has suggested the Sussexes would experience a frosty reception from the British public and members of the Firm. She also believes Camilla's family will have a prominent role - an interesting detail after Harry's high-profile criticism of the Queen Consort in Spare. Elser wrote in the New Zealand Herald: "Harry might be the King’s son and fifth in line to the throne but now...on Coronation day he looks set to play much the same role as one of Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie’s artfully perched chapeaus – ornamental and nothing more." She added: "Now, with this latest news, the Duke faces only an arctic reception by his family, an arctic reception by Fleet Street and an arctic reception by a British people about as keen on he and Meghan as tray of flaccid vegan sausage rolls, but the Sussexes will now have to watch on as Camilla’s family steal the limelight, a nation’s hearts and millions if not billions of clicks and likes." JUST IN: Courteney Cox finally reacts to Prince Harry's claims he did mushrooms at her home Elser's comments come after it was reported that Camilla's five grandchildren will have a front-and-centre role in the Coronation, taking place from May 6 to May 8. A royal source told the Times: “The Queen Consort has said she does not want Duchesses. She would like it to be her grandchildren.” Another insider claimed: "The King has always been so close to his step-grandchildren, and the Queen has told me how he would read Harry Potter to them and do impersonations of the different characters." Future King Prince George, aged nine, is also expected to make a leading appearance. READ MORE: Harry reportedly adding another chapter to his tell-all memoir: ‘Readers are eager!’ However, the Prince and Princess of Wales are keen to find a role which will not subject their son to overwhelming scrutiny. The Duke of Sussex spoke about his step-mother throughout Spare and during interviews held around its release. The 38-year-old even claimed that he and his brother urged Charles not to tie the knot with Camilla. He wrote: "Despite Willy and me urging him not to, Pa was going ahead. "We pumped his hand, wished him well. No hard feelings. "We recognised that he was finally going to be with the woman he loved, the woman he’d always loved." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 