Donald Trump has vowed to push for a law recognising only two genders and to end transgender health care for minors. The former President unveiled a slew of attacks against Joe Biden and his policies on transgender people, and vowed to overturn the Government’s laws. In a video released on his Truth Social platform Tuesday, Trump outlined a series of proposals designed to “protect children from left-wing gender insanity.” Speaking straight-to-camera, Trump began the nearly four-minute video by announcing his plan “to stop the chemical, physical and emotional mutilation of our youth”. Should he win re-election in 2024, Trump added he would end Biden’s policies on gender-affirming care, which he called “cruel” and “ridiculous”. He also said he would push schools to “promote positive education about the nuclear family” and bar transgender women from competing on women’s sports teams. Trump also plans to pass a law barring minors from receiving gender-affirming health care “in all 50 states”, and to direct the Justice Department to investigate the pharmaceutical industry and individual hospitals to determine whether they “deliberately covered up horrific long-term side effects of sex transitions in order to get rich”. The Republican then claimed transgender people didn’t exist until the concept was invented “just a few years ago” by “the radical left.” “No serious country should be telling its children that they were born with the wrong gender, a concept that was never heard of in all of human history. Nobody’s ever heard of this,” he said. READ MORE: Joe Biden slammed over 'intentional' crisis at the US-Mexico border According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, “gender-affirming care is a supportive form of health care” and it improves “the mental health and overall well-being of gender-diverse children and adolescents”. This assessment is supported by the American Medical Association, the American Psychological Association and the American Academy of Pediatrics. In June last year, Biden signed an executive order for ‘Advancing Equality for LGBTQI+ Individuals’, which included preventing conversion therapy and safeguarding gender-affirming care. And, the Human Rights Campaign said that as of November 18, 2022 saw 32 transgender people killed in the US. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'selling their family members out to make a buck' Teen arrested in connection with rape of student, 19, 'hated it' McCarthy doing 'great job' representing GOP in debt talks It comes after Trump lashed out at “ambitious” Republicans who seek to win the GOP nomination to run for President in 2024. Speaking to radio host Hugh Hewitt, he called former UN Ambassador Nikki Haley “overly ambitious”, and also attacked Governor Ron DeSantis and Glenn Youngkin. “Yeah, I would say that, but I know how life works. And I know how politics works,” Trump said. “And politics is a microcosm, but even more vicious, of life.” “So you know, I’ve helped all those people. I took Mike out of nothing … I believe he always said he’d never run against the president. “And you know, time goes by and then they want to run, because they’re ambitious people. But you know, they’re polling very poorly.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews