Aries Money is tight and you may have to be resourceful. Essential living costs will have to be the priority. Even if it is just for a few hours a week, a part-time job will be helpful. Borrowing money from family members might help you in the short-term but you will also be looking for a longer-term solution. Taurus A task you have taken on seems to be giving you one problem after another. Other people have already given up on this or they chose to leave it to you. If you feel frustrated and resentful about having this responsibility, this is a sign that you should change your plans. Gemini Friendships are important now. Someone needs your help. Keep thinking positively and together you will find ways to overcome problems. There will be success on the other side of an obstruction. A break would do you and a partner some good. Arrange something to look forward to.  Cancer You won’t fail to have some fun during this lively and interesting day. Listen to the unusual suggestions of younger members of your team. It will be worth taking action on some of their ideas. Your own thoughts deserve to be expressed in a group situation. Leo It doesn’t matter what you are going through personally, you will always do your best to help anyone and everyone who needs you. Occasionally you should put your own needs first. Life is getting more interesting. It should be fun to take the chance to dabble in new interests and activities. Virgo Accept spontaneous invitations that take you to places you rarely visit. If you have been spending a lot of time within your own four walls, choose activities that get you out of the house and into your community. You have so much to show off to the world and social gatherings can become a temporary stage for you.   Libra All acts of kindness performed today will be repaid in full despite you not expecting anything for this. If a friendship has been tense and you have been preparing yourself for the worst, a surprise twist in events will reverse any negative thoughts. Scorpio Your practical intervention will help save the day when a group project hits a few snags. Praise will come your way from a friend or colleague. In addition to this success, the Universe is reminding you that you are skilled and you can accomplish nearly everything you set out to do. Sagittarius Someone will gloss over the potential problems of a group plan. Since you will quickly spot flaws, you will make sure nothing else is done until these are resolved. It will be a good idea to ask for regular feedback to ensure your words convey exactly what you mean.    Capricorn You aren’t certain about arrangements now being made. Your fear is unwarranted. All that is needed is for you to take the time to plan ahead. Normally you are the one who will drop everything to assist others. Today, you could do with some help and it will be your turn to lean on someone. Aquarius A flexible and versatile approach will be needed to bail out someone. You can see how much they are struggling and you will be happy to come to their rescue. By daring to be different, you will attract a brilliant new opportunity your way. Pisces Friends, neighbours and colleagues look to you for guidance. You are particularly skilled in helping to nurture other people’s talents. You instinctively know how to bring out the best in people. A romantic break would do you and a partner some good. Arrange something for you both to look forward to.   