Belzer was a familiar face to Law and Order fans everywhere thanks to his stint on the NBC drama as Detective John Minch. The actor died aged 78 on Sunday, February 19, seven years after his last appearance on the drama. But his impact on the cast was evident for all to see as the likes of Mariska Hargitay and Christopher Meloni remembered their colleague and friend. Hargitay, who leads SVU as Olivia Benson, took to Instagram to share a post in honour of Belzer. She penned: “Goodbye my dear, dear friend. I will miss you, your unique light, and your singular take on this strange world. “I feel blessed to have known and adored you and worked with you, side by side, for so many years. How lucky the angels are to have you. “I can hear them laughing already. I love you so very much, now and forever.” READ MORE: Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife Meanwhile, Meloni took to Twitter with his tribute as he shared a few photos of him alongside the comedian and actor. “Good bye mon ami. I love you,” Meloni simply captioned the snaps. Long-serving Law and Order producer Dick Wolf also paid tribute: “Richard Belzer’s Detective John Munch is one of television’s iconic characters.  “The rest is history,” Wolf continued. “Richard brought humour and joy into all our lives, was the consummate professional and we will all miss him very much.” And SVU showrunner Warren Leight echoed his colleagues’ touching tributes to Belzer He said: “Richard Belzer was the first actor to welcome me when I started at SVU. “Open, warm, acerbic, whip smart, surprisingly kind. I loved writing for Munch, and I loved being with Belz.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends' Meghan Crumpler fiance rushed to ‘urgent care’Shania Twain distracts Starstruck fans as they question appearanceNCIS' Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to 'most talented' co-star Fans everywhere have echoed the sentiments held by Belzer’s SVU co-stars and a statement from NBC and Universal Television also paid mention of his fond memory.  “His professionalism, talents and dedication to the craft made him a pillar in the industry, but it was his humour, compassion and loving heart that made him family. “Our condolences go out to his loved ones as we join them in mourning his loss, but also in celebrating his memory.” Belzer’s career kicked off in the ‘70s as part of the team on Saturday Night Live. His CV boasts a number of roles in some of the USA’s best-loved small-screen series and big-screen blockbusters. Besides Law and Order SVU, Belzer appeared in 30 Rock, Arrested Development, 3rd Rock from the Sun, The Larry Sanders Show and many more. Law and Order SVU season 24 continues Thursday on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.