When Jadon Sancho was preparing to return to the fold for Manchester United, after four months out, many were unsure what to expect. The 22-year-old has, for the most part, struggled ever since his arrival back in the summer of 2021. However, the England international has now silenced his critics and sent a message to everybody after yet another positive display against Leicester on Sunday. Manchester United boosted their hopes of winning a first Premier League title since 2013 with a straightforward victory over Leicester. Marcus Rashford was, typically, the star of the show with the 25-year-old bagging a fine brace to illuminate Old Trafford. But Sancho, who came on for Alejandro Garnacho, was another positive as well. The forward was introduced at half time and deployed in the No 10 position, a role that had previously been occupied by Wout Weghorst. And Sancho impressed in that area, with the forward then getting a deserved goal in the 61st minute. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford It has, obviously, been a difficult season for the former Borussia Dortmund and Manchester City star. Sancho started the campaign well enough, netting in victories over the likes of Liverpool and Leicester to give Erik ten Hag lift-off. But, by October, he was starting to resemble a shadow of his usual self. United then decided Sancho wasn’t mentally or physically ready to play, keeping details under wraps as a result. For four months, the England star had to look in from the outside as his team-mates gradually improved under the guidance of Ten Hag. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And some wondered whether Sancho would be able to showcase his talents upon returning due to everything going on. However, the 22-year-old has silenced many of his critics with some positive performances following his comeback. Sancho had a big smile on his face when he stepped out against Nottingham Forest at the start of the month. And he then followed that up with a vital goal in a 2-2 draw with Leeds, one that prevented his side from falling to defeat. Sancho was then allowed to start against the same opponents days later, doing well for an hour before making way. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Against Barcelona at the Nou Camp on Thursday, the United star was focused and diligent as the two teams played out a 2-2 draw. This, however, has been his brightest cameo of the lot. Sancho came on for Garnacho and immediately provided a different dimension to United’s attack as they looked to see out the game. And his goal was well-deserved, with the forward sensing blood in the box before converting from close range. For a while, United have had to wait to see the best of Sancho. And that time may be upon us, with the England international looking rejuvenated and re-energised since his comeback. Now, the onus will be on Sancho to keep performing as United go in search of a historic quadruple. Certainly, it’s feasible he’ll be in the team for the upcoming crunch clashes against Barcelona and Newcastle respectively.