There are just two more episodes of The Masked Singer season four to enjoy before all of the celebrities' disguises come off. This weekend, two characters are going to be unmasked, leaving the remaining three stars to fight it out in the final. But before the last episode, there is still the excitement of the semi-final to contend with. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.Jacket Potato has been one of the less obvious celebrities with new predictions coming out every week. EastEnders' Shane Richie and Brian Connelly have both been strong contenders throughout the competition, as well as West End performer Michael Ball. Nevertheless, the star-studded panel and viewers at home still seem to be none the wiser. One name that has been cropping up in recent weeks though is former Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ In Jacket Potato's clue package, he mentioned "50%", which some have taken to be a nod to the band's line "We're halfway there" from the song Livin' on a Prayer. In addition, he tried turning on a tap to a slip n' slide which could link to the band's Slippery When Wet album. Jacket Potato also wowed the audience by playing the electric guitar during his performance of Go Your Own Way last week which, once again, is a major hint. But TommyD, music producer, and co-founder of TokenTraxx, has an alternative theory. Talking to Express.co.uk, he said: "I still think it's Richie Sambora but then tonight something hit me when he spoke. "This could be a Brit putting on a US accent and if so it feels like it could be someone funny and anarchic to pull it off. "So [I think Jacket Potato could be] Neil Morrissey. The Potato’s got some Bob the Builder action." TommyD isn't the only one who has suggested it could be the Men Behaving Badly actor. DON'T MISS...John Cleese insists 'I’m not doing Fawlty Towers with the BBC' [EXPLAINER]Ex-EastEnders and Coronation Street stars join Father Brown this week [CAST]The Masked Singer's Phoenix 'exposed' as Scottish comedian [THEORY] A fan on Facebook suggested that a motorbike was featured on stage during one of Jacket Potato's performances which links to Morrissey's character in 1980s series Boon who rode a motorcycle. A second on Reddit also commented: "What if jacket potato is Neil Morrissey. "he can sing, has the nickname spud which is a bob the builder character and on the jacket it says wild hogs something, he was in men Behaving Badly." Some of Morrissey's other notable roles over the years have been as Deputy Head Eddie Lawson in Waterloo Road and Nigel Morton in Line of Duty. Either way, fans are going to find out the truth about Jacket Potato in the next couple of weeks. The last show saw both Knitting and Otter make their exits after being voted out. They were revealed to be none other than Steps singer Claire Richards and This Country star Daisy May Cooper respectively. The Masked Singer continues every Saturday night at 9pm on ITV.