Unfortunately some estate agents are more interested in gaining listings rather than making sales. Many are paid commission for new business rather than closing the deal, which naturally leads to individual agents doing almost anything to secure properties. In order to tell whether an estate agent is not performing well, property experts at Petty Son and Prestwich have shared some “concerning” signs to look out for - one of which is a “real red flag”. This is likely to be the point that initially gets sellers wondering whether their estate agent isn’t performing as well as they should be. The experts urged that sellers should be vocal about their concerns and ask why this is the case. They advised: “Don’t go in all guns blazing straight away, but do make yourself heard. You should also ask if there is anything you can do to push things along. “While you should have been advised on preparing your home for a sale before getting to this stage, there could still be something you can do to improve the amount of viewings you’re getting. Be open minded here. “The key thing to do here is to satisfy yourself that your agent is doing all they can to sell your home. If they are, you should stick with them. If they’re not, switch.” READ MORE: ‘Sneaky tricks’ estate agents use to help sell or buy houses According to the estate agents, “this is a real red flag” if property details are not always correct. They said: “Online marketing moves quickly, but that shouldn’t mean that your listing is ever out of date. If you find that the details of your sale do not match up on different portals it is concerning.” Agents should be on top of any changes made to property listings. If they are not, buyers will be left confused and may pass on the opportunity to view a home in favour of somewhere else. The pros recommended: “If you spot any mistakes, tell your agent and see how they react. If their response is anything less than satisfactory, it could be time to look for a better agency.” DON'T MISSHouseplants to make a home smell ‘spectacular’ that lasts all year [INSIGHT]Stop bed sheets feeling ‘stiff and dull’ with two kitchen staple items [TIPS]‘Best’ rule to follow when pruning houseplants - ‘encourage flowering’ [EXPERT] Communication between an agent and vendor is “essential”, so sellers should feel as though they can call the person handling the sale at any time and for any reason. The experts highlighted that if calling them makes Britons feel uneasy in any way, something isn’t quite right with the working relationship and it needs addressing sooner rather than later. Equally, for those who find that they are constantly being misled or their calls aren’t being returned, “this should set the alarm bells ringing” too. The property gurus said: “You should, quite rightly, feel as though you are the only person who matters to the agent. Anything less is unacceptable, in our opinion. READ MORE: Four ‘vital’ mistakes to avoid a house sale ‘falling through’ “You could reiterate the best ways to contact you - be it by email or work/home/mobile number - and give them a second chance to prove themselves, but don’t let an agent get away with poor communication twice. It’s that important.” All house sales should have a designated member of staff appointed to it, as being passed from pillar to post is both annoying and frustrating. Different stages of the sale will naturally involve different members of staff, but there should be one particular agent sellers can turn to for advice or information whenever they need it, noted the pros. They said: “Knowing that there is a single person concentrating on your sale will give you peace of mind and will also make the agent more accountable, too. If the above sounds different to your current experience, you might want to look elsewhere.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea That said, the whole team should be briefed regularly on a property’s status as well, so sellers can get immediate answers to urgent questions should their agent be otherwise engaged or unavailable at any given time. While a listing should never come across as “salesy”, sellers need their agent to do all that they can to present their property in its best light. The property pros said: “All listings should, wherever possible, include things such as floor plans, local information, professional photography, and an interesting description of the home itself. “If you find your listing lacks in any of these areas, it’s worth asking why that is the case.”