A relative of the man who is believed to have killed his wife and daughter at Epsom College before taking his own life has broken his silence. Police believe George Pattison killed his wife Emma Pattison, 45, and daughter Lettie, seven, as part of what they claim to be a murder-suicide on the school's grounds where Mrs Pattison was headteacher. The horrifying incident took place in the early hours of Sunday, February 5.    Pattison’s uncle Frederick Cameron, 83, said his nephew must have been in a "state of madness" and said none of it made "any sense". Mr Cameron from Kingston, Jamaica said: "He didn't strike me as anyone who would do anything of that nature. Only hours before they died, Mr and Mrs Pattison threw a dinner party with some friends who said there was nothing "unusual" about the couple. One friend said they showed no hint of being upset at the occasion, which fell the night before.  They said the meal, which "turned out to be their last supper" was an "intimate affair". They added: "Nothing unusual happened. There were no arguments, no indication he would go on to do something so horrific a short time later." Emma, who joined the private school in September 2022, had previously described her excitement for the future. The ambitious teacher said she wanted pupils to "find things that are going to matter to them for the rest of their lives".    The headteacher had previously written: "It could be time to shape a really exciting future for the country." Mr Pattison had been in touch with Surrey Police three days before the killing to discuss his gun license. He asked to change his address after the family moved to the school site from Caterham.    After the attack, the police force referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) because of its contact with him The mandatory referral was looked into by the IOPC which concluded on Friday no further investigation was required into the force’s conduct. It added that the "matter should be returned to the force to handle as it deems appropriate". It said: "We have reminded the force of its obligations, and that if evidence were to come to light that anyone serving with the police may have breached standards of professional behaviour or committed a criminal offence in connection with this, they should refer relevant matters to us." Epsom College, which offered its condolences and sympathies to the family, is working alongside the police as part of the investigation. The school added: "We must now focus on the welfare and wellbeing of our pupils and staff, and work to ensure that they receive all the comfort, warmth and support required from the Epsom College community." It has refused to offer any further statements about the situation. 