Manchester United supporters raised the roof at Wembley Stadium on Sunday as part of a raucous atmosphere following their 2-0 Carabao Cup final victory over Newcastle. Casemiro and Marcus Rashford got the goals as the Red Devils ended their near six-year trophy doubt and claimed the first possible silverware of the campaign. The spirits at Old Trafford have been at their highest since Alex Ferguson was at the helm, highlighted by the post-match scenes in London. As the final whistle blew to ensure their victory, boss Erik ten Hag and the bench charged the pitch to celebrate. Club captain Harry Maguire was substituted on in the final few moments of the game before he lifted the trophy alongside Bruno Fernandes after climbing the Wembley steps. Back on the pitch, players such as Antony and Lisandro Martinez draped themselves with flags from their countries before enjoying a dance with their ex-Ajax boss Ten Hag. The Dutchman showcased his moves before being told by a joking Roy Keane that he should resign from his position after the jive. Celebrations continued on the hallowed Wembley turf as Jadon Sancho was handed a selfie stick and proceeded to record himself and his team-mates, before turning to Fernandes. The Portuguese playmaker had a chance to square the ball to the England winger late in the game but opted to go for glory himself, though stand-in goalkeeper Loris Karius was able to parry the effort. Sancho wasted no time in bringing the incident up once the game had been settled, Fernandes joined Sancho after the game as he was filming the scenes at Wembley and the England international jokingly said: "Next time you pass?" Fernandes replied: "Next time... next time." The incident also prompted a brief disagreement between Casemiro and Fernandes after the full-time whistle, though the pair quickly then got to celebrating their triumph. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route After meeting Ferguson in the tunnel after the match, Ten Hag invited the club's legendary former manager into the team's changing room to join the post-match celebrations. Speaking to Sky Sports after the game, Ten Hag spoke about his dinner with the United icon prior to the final. “He was there and he is a happy man tonight,” Ten Hag said. “The dinner shows we are good and it shows he is really involved in this club and really committed. We all can learn a lot from him. What he did for Manchester United is huge, an inspiration for all of us.” Ten Hag remained the centre of attention after transforming the club since his arrival in the summer, after his press conference he nearly walked away and left the trophy with the journalists in the room before underlining the current mentality at the club with his comment. “I can leave it because next cup?” Ten Hag told reporters. “This one is in.”