A hiker whose body was found at the foot of a 1,000-metre peak this weekend may have fallen to his death because he was carrying his dog "with one hand". Rescuers with Glencoe Mountain Rescue Team recovered the body of Kyle Sambrook, 33, and his dog, Bane, from a gully at the base of Stob Coire nam Beith in Scotland this weekend following a three-day search. They believed that the landscape gardener from West Yorkshire plunged from the 3,632-foot peak cradling Bane while lost in "appalling" weather. Crews discovered Mr Sambrook's body at 2.15pm on Saturday, February 25, and stretchered him off the jagged mountain surface over six hours. Brian Bathurst, deputy rescue team leader, was among the group members who found him. He told the Press Association news agency that he suspected he had fallen approximately 30 metres (98 feet) into "this gully on the west side of the hill". He added that the "most likely scenario" is that "he was holding his dog with one hand".  Mr Bathurst explained that at the time Mr Sambrook was hiking, the weather was "appalling", with "strong winds" battering the area "at the time of his fall". He theorised that he "may have been trying to get off the hill and lost his way a bit". The rescuers did not know which GPS the hiker was using but said he was well-outfitted with a "heavy rucksack". Considering all of the factors, the deputy leader added that these were likely a "major cause" of the accident. READ MORE: Body of man and his dog found in Scottish Highlands search for hiker After learning of his death, Mr Sambrook's devastated family came to meet rescue crews earlier today. They had first raised the alarm on Tuesday when he had failed to return home from his planned trip to scale the 3,335ft Buachaille Etive Mòr. Rescuers offered their condolences when they met this afternoon. A spokesman for Police Scotland said Mr Sambrook's family wished to thank all involved in the search. They added: "Our thoughts are with Kyle's family as we support them at this difficult time." More than 100 people joined the three-day search from Thursday to Saturday, hailing from teams in Glencoe, Oban, Arran, Lochaber and Tweed Valley. Other teams also aided rescuers, with Police Scotland, the RAF, the coastguard and Search and Rescue Dog Association helping comb the area. Police said it appears there were no suspicious circumstances in Mr Sambrook's death.