Julian Alvarez is reportedly eyeing a move to Barcelona after growing frustrated with his role at Manchester City. Any striker deputising for Erling Haaland faces a fight for minutes, but fears over his development stalling are growing while the prolific Norwegian remains indispensable. Alvarez has started just six Premier League games in his maiden season after joining Man City for an initial £14million last January. Yet, he has consistently made an impact while on the pitch, netting 10 goals in all competitions and impressing in Argentina's World Cup-winning campaign in Qatar. However, according to SPORT, Alvarez and his representatives are concerned about his current status and could soon seek a solution. The report claims Barcelona have already enquired about signing Alvarez on loan this summer due to their financial restrictions. And the 23-year-old, said to be hungry for a more prominent role, 'would welcome' the chance to switch to the Nou Camp. JUST IN: Odion Ighalo went from dodging bullets to rivalling Cristiano Ronaldo  The relationship between Barcelona and City is 'magnificent', and the two clubs reportedly met when the former faced Manchester United at Old Trafford last week. Barca are understood to have followed Alvarez since his River Plate days, but they couldn't compete with the Citizens' financial power last year. But they could soon have another chance to lure him to Catalonia if his situation at the Etihad Stadium doesn't improve. Competing for places with Haaland was always going to be a tough task, but the 22-year-old has taken to English football better than anyone could have predicted. DON'T MISS Graham Potter 'fears he's being undermined by his Chelsea players'Chelsea trio blasted as Potter given stars to blame for Tottenham lossMan Utd omens hint Erik ten Hag will win another trophy this season Haaland has scored 33 goals in as many City appearances, including 27 in 24 Premier League outings, and is on course for a record-smashing debut season. Guardiola has attempted to play both together, often with Alvarez on the left with Haaland down the middle, but the Argentine's primary role has been as an impact substitute. If he were to complete a move to Barcelona, similar questions would arise considering another of Europe's elite strikers in Robert Lewandowski. But the Blaugrana could view Alvarez as Lewandowski's long-term replacement if they secured his services on a permanent basis after an initial loan switch. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here