Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has broken his silence after he was forced to remain in Italy to continue his recovery from gallbladder surgery. Assistant manager Cristian Stellini will take over first-team duties in the meantime with no timeline put on the Italian’s return after he defied doctors’ orders to return to the club early. Earlier today Spurs announced that Conte would not return to London following the club’s Champions League defeat to AC Milan at the San Siro. The 53-year-old underwent routine post-operation checks while back in his homeland with the results showing that the best course of action would be for him to remain at home for a while. Conte initially underwent surgery to remove his gallbladder in Italy at the start of the month and was missing from the touchline as the club beat Manchester City 1-0 at home. However, He defied doctors' orders to return to England last Wednesday and was present on the sidelines for the defeats against Leicester and AC Milan. He has now broken his silence on his extended break via a statement on his Instagram story. It read: “My great sense of responsibility towards the Club, the Players, the Staff and the Fans brought me to anticipate my comeback on field. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Key figures 'jealous of Tottenham' as Qatar lead race “Sadly I underestimated the procedure, which wasn't a routine operation, but a sudden and serious emergency. “My body has suffered my impatience, and now I am forced to stop until my entire recovery. Those who know me, understand what a burden this is for me, but it is necessary. Come On You SPURS!” The development is a big setback for Conte. He explained his decision ahead of the encounter with Milan, suggesting he felt a sense of duty to his players and the club. DON'T MISSChelsea embarrassed as three stars flop vs Dortmund to pile pressure on PotterAguero addresses 'internal problems' at Man City after Guardiola axed De BruyneChelsea told they've signed a new Fabregas as key quality pointed out “The doctor’s recommendation is to stay calm for 15 days,” he said. “He had advised me not to return, but you have a sense of responsibility that you want to stay every moment with your players, to breathe the environment in every situation. “I’m trying to manage it in the best way, certainly during the match, I can’t let the players hear me as much as I would like. Now I’m feeling much better than before. “I’m not still 100 per cent but I think I’m recovering well, it’s very important for me to stay with the team, work with them and try to stay together in a difficult moment for us.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here