Former Real Madrid star Fernando Sanz has blasted Liverpool fans for setting off fireworks outside the team's hotel on Tuesday morning. The La Liga giants received a loud Merseyside welcome that would have undoubtedly disrupted their preparation for the blockbuster clash at Anfield. Liverpool host Real in the Champions League last 16 on Tuesday night, a rematch of last season's Paris final. The Reds were made to rue their missed chances at the Stade de France as Vinicius Jr. netted the winner in a 1-0 defeat, sealing Real's 14th European crown. But Jurgen Klopp will be desperate for a contrasting scoreline this time around, with the Champions League his side's final chance of silverware this season. Some fans took it upon themselves to try and hand Liverpool an advantage by disturbing Real's stars in the early hours, unleashing a firework display on their city centre hotel. And Sanz, who won a Champions League and La Liga with Los Blancos, has slammed those involved, labelling them 'stupid'. JUST IN: Jorginho opens up on reasons why he ditched Chelsea for Arsenal  He told El Chiringuito: "It's not funny. It's stupid. It's vandalism. Imagine if someone had a window open. The fireworks are bouncing off the wall. "And this video that we're watching has come from somebody who took part or saw it. There are two boxes of fireworks, at least. "Imagine how scared the neighbours must have been. This does not give a good image ahead of the game. I can't remember the last time this happened in Spain." Liverpool may need the extra measures to navigate past Real this season, given their woeful run of results in the fixture. DON'T MISS Man Utd dressing room's private reaction to Jadon Sancho treatmentSerena Williams, Hamilton and Rashford glam up for London Fashion WeekGary Neville admits he 'can't get head' around Guardiola decision The six-time European champions are winless in their last six meetings with the Spaniards, losing five, including two finals since 2018. They have failed to score more than one goal in a single game against Real since a 4-0 win at Anfield in 2009. But Real's last visit in front of fans ended in a humiliating 3-0 rout, with Manchester United icon Cristiano Ronaldo receiving applause from the home crowd as he left the pitch. A repeat of that fateful night could all but end Liverpool's campaign. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here