The Wednesday star took on another iconic franchise last year when she appeared as black market dealer Billie in Disney’s action-packed new series, National Treasure: Edge of History. Express.co.uk recently had the chance to speak with one of Catherine Zeta-Jones’ co-stars who recalled one of the show’s toughest fight scenes. Stunt performer Khalil La’Marr took a beating during a fight scene with Zeta-Jones on the set of the new National Treasure series. La'Marr portrays a bodyguard during the scene in which one of Billie’s business rivals confronts her and Kacey (Breeda Wool) in a car park. Zeta-Jones takes a backseat to the action, but the two guards both take a beating from Billie’s mercenary. La'Marr is thrown into the hood of a car twice during the fight, once when his partner is knocked into him and again when Kacey kicks his character square in the chest. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' “You just saw that one take,” he told Express.co.uk. “But on that particular day, I hit the car 46 times, and hit the ground 23 times. “It was pretty intense. And we were in a parking lot so that’s, you know, just pavement. “But it was fun. Catherine Zeta-Jones, she’s an amazing actress.” La'Marr’s career as a stunt performer has taken off over the past few years, having doubled for late Hollywood star Chadwick Boseman in the Avengers films and Da Five Bloods. He has most recently appeared in the second season of Black Mafia Family (BMF) as a rival gang member who meets an unfortunate end when he takes on Meech (Demetrius Flenory Jr) and K-9 (Rayan Lawrence). After briefly starring opposite Zeta-Jones, he’s next set to appear as Elijah Rashad Reed’s double in the fourth and final season of Doom Patrol. Thankfully, the experienced stuntman knows how to take care of himself when he’s taking a beating from some of Hollywood’s biggest stars. “The good thing is, I had on a spine protector,” he explained. “I had some hard shell elbow and arm pads under my clothing.” DON'T MISS:1923 fans ‘work out’ Alexandra exit twist after worrying promo clue [THEORY]My 600lb Life’s Lupe completely transformed after huge weight loss [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii fans meltdown as Whistler and Holman stars tease team-up [VIDEO] “It wasn’t like I was just bone to concrete, or bone to car. “But you just have to be alert and aware of what you’re doing so you can fall and not hurt yourself. It was an intense day but it was fun!” La'Marr’s famous co-star Zeta-Jones was able to sit back from the fight this time round, though there was plenty more action to be found in Disney+’s return to the National Treasure franchise. She recently told Collider about the series: “Escape rooms and treasure hunting, how cool is that? And I think it's a generational thing, you know?” “We all would love to find -- I watch the Antiques Roadshow all the time. I want to be that person who found his grandmother's suitcase in the attic and inside was the missing documentation of the Magna Carta. “I want to be that person! And, so I have my kind of fix doing this show of, ‘Hm, it could happen. I could find it.’” The Wednesday star is expected to reprise her role as Morticia in season two, while La'Marr is also heading to Netflix as a stunt performer for They Cloned Tyrone, a sci-fi comedy starring John Boyega, Jamie Foxx and Kiefer Sutherland. Wednesday is available to stream on Netflix. National Treasure is available to stream on Disney+.