Liverpool drew a blank against Crystal Palace as Jurgen Klopp's side produced a concerning response to Tuesday's horror display against Real Madrid. A lacklustre Reds side scarcely tested Palace goalkeeper Vicente Guaita, aside from Mohamed Salah striking the bar in the second half. Here are five things Express Sport learned as Liverpool failed their first test after Klopp labelled every remaining Premier League game a "Champions League qualifier". Klopp analyses Keita tackle Klopp ran straight to his pitchside iPad to double-check a Naby Keita tackle in the first half. Keita was already on a yellow when he conceded a dangerous free-kick deep in his own half. Referee Darren England opted not to send the midfielder off for his second breach of the laws. Klopp darted straight to his dugout to review the footage of the incident, seemingly to see if Keita was fortunate to remain on the pitch. It was clear that the German agreed with that position as he subbed Keita at half-time. Harvey Elliott was brought on in place of the 28-year-old, whose performance ‘summed up’ his Anfield career, according to Jamie Redknapp. JUST IN: Liverpool could damage Dortmund relationship ahead of Bellingham deal Matip struggles Joel Matip’s display epitomised a nervousness that existed in Liverpool’s back four. Even Virgil van Dijk’s usual assurance appears to have diminished after Tuesday’s thrashing by Madrid. Matip was only a second-half substitute in that defeat by the Spanish giants. But it does not mean the Cameroonian would not have been affected as Liverpool’s defence was torn apart piece by piece by a rampant Madrid. Liverpool were fortunate that Palace lacked conviction in the final third. Jean-Philippe Mateta and Jordan Ayew were both guilty of wastefulness as the Eagles approached the Reds’ penalty area. DON'T MISS...Liverpool boss Klopp demands FSG spending spree as Bellingham eyedJamie Carragher accused of 'tapping up' Ruben Neves for Liverpool moveLiverpool contact Ryan Gravenberch representatives in new development Liverpool shown potential Salah successor Palace star Michael Olise was a rare highlight in an otherwise forgettable affair at Selhurst Park. Liverpool, who have reportedly shown an interest in the French youngster, have possibly been shown their long-term successor to Mohamed Salah. Olise was a constant menace for the Reds, cutting inside on his left foot and delivering dangerous crosses into the box. Only Bukayo Saka has more assists than Olise’s 15 of Premier League players aged 21 and under since the start of last season. The 21-year-old also has an eye for goal, having bagged important strikes against West Ham and Manchester United in recent weeks. Palace are hopeful of agreeing a contract extension, while Olise remains content with continuing his development at Selhurst Park. But Liverpool could be a possible destination when the former Reading ace eventually departs the south London club.  Gakpo impresses This was not a vintage Liverpool performance but Klopp will have been impressed by January signing Cody Gakpo. The Dutchman initially struggled at Anfield following his £35million move from PSV. However, Gakpo scored twice in as many games against Everton and Newcastle. He was Liverpool’s best player at Selhurst Park. Klopp under pressure? It is surely not inconceivable that Klopp fails to see out Liverpool’s dismal form. At Borussia Dortmund, a failure to turn around the Bundesliga side’s fortunes saw the head coach depart at the end of the 2014-15 season. The 55-year-old seems untouchable at Liverpool but that position will diminish the longer they appear to require a refresh. Julian Ward’s successor as director of football might take the view that a new coach might help to complete any future overhaul, with Klopp very much the face of the current, ageing team.