There's nothing worse than clothes that smell unclean after washing them, particularly when you use expensive, scented detergents in the hopes of giving them a fresh fragrance. A blocked drawer compartment is just one cause of musty laundry though it is easier than you think to fix. If you're unsure how to do it without breaking the appliance, experts have shared the easy remedies you can try that will also keep mould at bay. Using too much washing powder can lead to a build-up in the pipe between the drawer and the drum, causing a host of issues with your machine. From musty-smelling clothing to more serious water leaks, congealed detergents can be a nuisance when there's nowhere else for them to go. Like most blockages, the first step to clearing those in your washing machine is to start with some simple cleaning. An expert at Check Appliances said: "Over time, the fabric softener residue can build up inside the dispenser and slow the rate of flow or block it completely. "To remedy this, remove the dispenser from your machine, they usually just slide out. But if you notice any resistance it could have a release catch either at the back or on the side of the compartment." READ MORE: ‘Quickest’ solution to remove dried food debris from your microwave Once removed, empty the residue into the bin and soak the compartment clean in a sink or bucket full of warm water for a few minutes. A cleaning professional at In Wash recommended brushing any remaining soap residue that has built up on the drawer using an old toothbrush. Make sure you rinse off the drawer before moving onto the drying stage. According to laundry experts, you should wipe the compartment down with a paper towel to "prevent future mould from developing". While you may think cleaning the blocked drawer will do the job, the jets should also be cleaned out to dislodge your laundry products. The In The Wash team said: "While the drawer is removed, check the roof of the compartment for blockages. If the holes look clogged, you’ll need to unblock them. To do this, use a limescale remover spray to break down the hardened layer of scum and then scrub the holes with an old brush to remove it." DON'T MISS:‘Stains gone!’ Shoppers praise £1.90 product for cleaning dirty towels [INSIGHT]5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [REVEAL]Laundry expert shares six garments to never put in the washing machine [TIPS] If you don't have a limescale spray, you can use distilled white vinegar instead. Simply pour it into a spray bottle, undiluted, and spritz it onto the jets. Scrub once more before wiping them down with a damp cloth to lift any remaining debris and cleansing products. Once this is done, you can reinsert the drawer. The laundry experts said: "Make sure they are inserted correctly. If not, that can cause problems in itself!" They added: "Finally, run a rinse cycle to check water is now flowing through the jets. You can do this by opening the drawer slightly to see the stream of water entering the drawer." READ MORE: ‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ To stop detergent from gathering in your washing machine in the future, there are a few easy steps you can take. One of which is to run a white vinegar cycle once a month. An expert at In The Wash said: "Distilled white vinegar is known for its numerous cleaning benefits and it can help to break down detergent that’s left behind in your machine’s system after washing your clothes. Simply pour a cup into the drawer and run a regular cycle to clear any clogs." Not only does it keep your machine in check, but can also be beneficial for restoring fluffy fibres on items like towels and jumpers that may have turned crisp, or bobbly. For extra cleansing, substitute your commercial fabric conditioners for one cup of white vinegar in addition to the monthly rinse.  Another thing you can do to avoid a blocked washing machine drawer is to swap powder products for gels or liquids. These are less likely to cause severe clogs in the jets and are also much easier to rinse away if you do experience any problems. However, if you do decide to continue using washing powder, the In The Wash experts noted that an "easy way" to stop it from congealing in the drawer is to put it in just before you switch on the cycle. They said: "If you’ve done previous loads and the compartment is already wet, putting the powder in early means it may get damp. "This can make it clumpy and much harder to flush through to the drum."