Charlie uses TikTok to showcase her best and most colourful outfits to her 10,000 - and counting - followers. Some people are inspired by her fashion sense, while others hurl abuse at the mother-of-one for donning clothes that are "too revealing". This, though, will not stop Charlie from wearing what she likes. The abuse has occurred both in person and online. Underneath one of Charlie's most recent TikToks, one user commented: "Is it normal to flash your a*** at other parents and kids?" Another wrote: "That skirt is far too short for the school run." While Charlie was walking on the street in a black top, boots, and a purple mini skirt, a motorist driving by shouted: "You look disgusting." But the mum-of-one tries to ignore the haters. "People think I'm a bad mum because I don't fit the mould of a typical mum," she said. READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie are like 'town-based socialites' claims expert "But the more people tell me to tone it down the more I go against it. I like winding people up with the way I look. "It’s crazy to me that the clothes I wear can make people so angry that they go online and say the vilest thing they can think of. Like, go to therapy man. Why are you that invested in what someone’s wearing?" Charlie's son, Jasper, four, is included in some of her videos online, and he too has been subject to abuse by trolls. "The most horrific comments I get online are directed towards Jasper and his hair," Charlie explained.  "I’ve been accused of abuse, neglect, attention seeking and pushing him to be gay and trans. People seriously are insane. He’s just a boy with long hair. "I am a bit like a bit hippy. I let him play with whatever toys he wants and don't make him adhere to gender norms. But he’s always gravitated towards more boy’s stuff anyway. He loves cars and Spiderman and Marvel. "He just likes his long hair – he thinks it’s cool and that’s it. It's his choice and always will be. If he comes home from school and wants it cut then that’s what we will do." Charlie has always let Jasper do what he wants with his appearance, including his hair and clothes. The 22-year-old went on to recall a time a woman screamed at her in a Burger King, prompted by an issue she had with Jasper. Charlie said: "A lady came up to us and said 'she’s really cute'. I said, 'oh, he’s a boy', and she started shouting at me, asking what genitalia he had. No one stepped in, which upset me because she was shouting in my face in front of Jasper. She also said, ‘you are going to confuse it’, referring to him. Poor Jasper was just trying to eat his ice cream." Charlie has lived in various places in southern England with Jasper, trying to find a place where she feels her and her son belong. In Canterbury, she said people were "either really nice or really mean to me". Now living in Folkestone, Charlie claimed "people are a lot friendlier". "It's really cool down here," she added. She went on to say that, recently, she has received no abuse near the school gates, but critics have been very active online. One person wrote: "Where's the school? The red light district?" Another commented: "School or strip club?"  Charlie explained that the hate comes mostly from women, which is "so upsetting". She said: "The majority of men online are just annoyed that I’m not a standard baby-making machine. It’s so upsetting when it’s from other mums, especially tattooed or alternative mums. I expect it from men, but not women." The 22-year-old continued: "I think as a young mum you're expected even more to prove yourself and be modest, quiet and follow the rules. I don’t feel I need to prove myself to anybody. "I’m a good mum and Jasper is an amazing kid, so I don’t really care to fit a mould of what’s expected of mums. I think it’s absurd that after you pop a kid out - one of the hardest things you could do - then is the time to be docile and settle down." Passionate about sustainable fashion, Charlie buys most of her clothes in charity shops and runs her own business upcycling and selling clothes. "I get so excited about what I'm going to wear each day that it motivates me to get up and do something," she added. "It's my passion. It makes me happy to be able to dress up like a Barbie doll in the morning."