Joe Biden’s plan to tax billionaires has been branded “dead on arrival and stupid”, investors have raged. At the State of the Union, the President revived a proposed law to tax households with a net worth above $100 million to pay a minimum annual of 20 percent on both standard taxable income and on gains in the total value of their “tradable assets”. Should the planned law become reality, ultra-wealthy Americans would owe an annual tax of 20 percent on unrealised gains or losses in the value of assets, whether or not they sold them. The plan is “DOA and stupid to boot,” billionaire investor Leon Cooperman said in an interview. He said he voted for Biden in 2020, but has now accused Democrats of deliberately misleading people about how the billionaire tax proposal would work. They “lie about the taxes billionaires pay,” he said, “as they include unrealised gains as part of income”. The billionaire tax proposal is “completely dead on arrival,” Charles Myers also told CNBC The chairman of Signum Global, an investment advisory firm, and a 2020 bundler for Biden’s presidential campaign said the purpose of Biden’s billionaire tax announcement was never to jump-start a negotiation in Congress. “Last night was Biden’s unofficial 2024 reelection launch,” Myers told CNBC in an interview. The billionaire tax plan, he said, was part of his campaign “messaging points.” “Those tax increases will never get through a Republican House,” added Myers. “Probably not even through a Democratic Senate.” READ MORE: Democrats turn on Biden over chaotic handling of border crisis White House economist Jared Bernstein disputed this, and told CNBC on Wednesday that “unrealised gains” were not what was being taxed. “What it really is, or at least the way we see, it is a prepayment or withholding tax on future capital gains,” he said Wednesday on “Squawk Box.” In 2022, Senate Democrats introduced a wealth tax proposal, but the bill has yet to move forward. In March last year, the White House said the policy, which is the same as was presented earlier this week, would rake in roughly $360 billion over the next decade. It comes after Biden said he’s not ready to decide whether to run for reelection in 2024. “I’m just not ready to make it,” Biden told Telemundo when asked in an interview what was stopping him from deciding on another run. However, he rubbished polling which suggested Democrats do not want the President to run again, saying: “That’s not what I hear. “Look, do you know any polling that’s accurate these days? You all told me that there was no way we were going to do well in this off-year election. “I told you from the beginning we’re going to do well. Y’all told me I couldn’t win the general election. We did well. I feel good about where we are.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews