Former royal butler Paul Burrell has said that Prince Harry was right to suggest that he grew up in his older brother's "shadow", as Prince William was long preparing to become King. However Mr Burrell also insisted that it was Princess Diana's intention for her two sons to support each other, as "one would be King one day but with the prince supporting the King". The former butler worked for the Royal Family for 21 years, beginning his career straight out of school before becoming the late Princess of Wales's self-proclaimed "best friend". He claimed she once told him he was the "only man she ever trusted". Speaking of the relationship between Harry and William as children, Mr Burrell told Slingo.com: "Harry understood his brother would one day be King because Harry listened to people whispering in William’s ear all his childhood years, ‘one day, you’re going to be king, you have to sit up straight because you’re going to be king, you have to know how to eat properly with a knife and fork because you’re going to be king’. "All these lessons were being given to William in the nursery with Harry watching. So how do you think Harry felt as a child growing up? "And I agree with what I have heard he says in his book, he lived in his brother’s shadow but his mother always knew that and I thought Harry embraced the fact he would always be number two in line and be there to support his brother." Mr Burrell added it was Diana's wish that her sons be "inseparable" and be able to support each other in their complementary roles. He continued: "His mother's vision was that the two of them would be inseparable, they would grow together and be two princes, one would be king one day but the prince supporting the King. "That’s what she felt and thought. That was Harry’s path, he never had a roadmap like William had because William always knew where he was headed. Harry followed his trail." READ MORE: Kate Middleton frequently breaks Queen's golden food rule In his book Spare, Harry details the fallout with his brother, as their previous closeness has disintegrated since Harry's departure from royal life in 2020. Acording to the memoir, the Duke of Sussex was not best man at William's wedding to Kate Middleton in 2011 - despite the Palace stating he was. Instead it was close friends James Meade and Thomas van Straubenzee who took on those duties. Harry claimed that the Firm did not want him to be his brother's best man, in spite of public assumption that he would be the natural choice. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson shouldn't be fired over Meghan Markle, says Dom Joly [LATEST]King Charles to meet with President Zelensky today [REPORT]Harry may 'have turned out differently' if Diana chose his school [SPOTLIGHT] He writes in Spare: "The public had been told that I was to be best man, but that was a bare-faced lie. "The public expected me to be the best man, and thus, the palace saw no choice but to say that I was. In truth, Willy didn’t want me giving a best man speech. "He didn’t think it safe to hand me a live mic and put me in a position to go off script. I might say something wildly inappropriate. He wasn’t wrong." Harry's marriage to Meghan is said to have helped cause the rift between the brothers, as William and Kate were accused of "stereotyping" Meghan due to her being an American actress.