BBC viewers were left heartbroken when DI Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) left Saint Marie. However, fans of the long-running show were thrilled when it was revealed the loveable detective would be getting his own spin-off, Beyond Paradise. Ahead of the series airing this Friday, actress Felicity Montagu had nothing but praise for her co-star. Set in the fictional Devonshire town of Shipton Abbot, Beyond Paradise picks up six years after DI Humphrey and Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) left the Caribbean for a new life in the UK. As a new string of characters is introduced to fans of the original show, viewers will see the bumbling detective join the local police force. One of which includes the Office Support Margo Martins (Felicity Montagu), who has been described as having a sharp tongue with a hard exterior. Ahead of Beyond Paradise airing on February 24, actress Felicity appeared on Morning Live to touch on what viewers can expect in the upcoming series. READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error   The actress commented: “This is an hour of great pleasure where families can sit around and clove a mystery. They can watch heartbreak, comedy and wonderful scenery.” Touching on her character, Felicity told hosts Sam Quek and Gethin Jones that Margo is the oracle of Shipton Abbot who has been running her job for 30 years. Although when Humphrey arrives on the scene, the office support worker isn’t blown away by his debut. Felicity added: “She doesn’t really like and is very unsure of Humphrey when he arrives.   “We’re all unsure of him but he gradually works his way into the police station but he’s terribly unpredictable. “I mean Kris is just the most extraordinary actor, he’s fantastic. “But, Ester (the Detective Sergeant) is a really good challenge, she’s great with him. It’s a great partnership, they go off and bounce off each other brilliantly.” Also joining the Beyond Paradise cast is Dylan Llewellyn as PC Kelby, Zahra Ahmadi as DS Esther Williams and Jade Harrison as DCI Charlie Woods.  DON'T MISS... BBC viewers blast 'scaremongering' food shortage report [REACTION] Ruth Langsford fumes over 'dangerous' Roald Dahl changes [VIDEO] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [SOAP]  During the series, viewers will see Humphrey and his fiancé temporarily living with Martha's mother as they adapt to their new lives. While Martha tries to live out her dream of owning her own restaurant, DI Goodman sets about trying to solve the odd cases throughout the town. Cases include a woman who claims to have been attacked by someone from the seventeenth century, theft of a pricey painting and a body turning up in a crop circle. Their relationship will also be put to the test when it’s discovered Martha’s ex is still living in Shipton Abbot.    Speaking about how the spin-off will appeal to new audiences, actor Kris called the series unique. He commented: “I don't think it's a show that's been done before in terms of the way we shoot. “Without giving too much away, the way we shoot the denouements and how we solve the crime is completely unique. “There are a lot of laughs and there is a lot of fun in the show, but I think it's also very thought-provoking. We're maintaining that sunny disposition.” Beyond Paradise airs on February 24 on BBC One at 8pm.  