Liverpool have been trolled by Specsavers amid their wretched run of form. The company's official Twitter account has called out Jurgen Klopp's side in response to an official Premier League tweet about Marcus Rashford. The Specsavers Twitter admins are not averse to giving brutal verdict on football matters. And this time Liverpool are on the receiving end. The Reds are bottom of the form table in 2023 having yet to pick up a league win this year. They sit in 10th place overall and are nearer the relegation zone than the top four. Saturday saw them suffer a 3-0 defeat at the hands of struggling Wolves. Their rivals United are enjoying their best season in recent memory, sitting in third spot. READ MORE: Ronaldo scores four Al-Nassr goals in one match in stunning display  England star Rashford continued his fine form by scoring in the 2-2 draw with Leeds on Wednesday. It was his 11th league goal of the campaign to put him joint-fourth in the top scorer list. Liverpool's Mohamed Salah has won the Golden Boot on three occasions since joining the club. But he is nowhere to be seen in the top-five list tweeted by the Premier League on Thursday. In fact, no Liverpool player is there, which Specsavers made sure to point out. They replied: "Have Liverpool not been playing this year?" Salah is Liverpool's leading goalscorer in the league but has just seven strikes to his name. Roberto Firmino also has seven, while summer signing Darwin Nunez has five. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawLeeds next manager: Ex-Tottenham boss emerges as new optionTottenham 'eye ex-Chelsea defender' as £45m alternative to trio  There has been some drop-off, particularly by Salah. The 30-year-old has scored at least 19 goals in each of his five previous league campaigns for Liverpool. However, he is some way off reaching that mark with 18 games of the season remaining. His last league goal came on Boxing Day in the 3-1 win at Aston Villa. Rashford may have entered the top-five scorers in the league but would have to have a remarkable end to the season to win the Golden Boot. That looks set to be picked up by Erling Haaland in his debut campaign in England. The Norwegian has scored an incredible 25 goals already for Manchester City in the top flight. Tottenham's Harry Kane would be the favourite to win the Golden Boot in most seasons as he has 17 goals to his name.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here