Rishi Sunak is punishing England’s nurses. By refusing to listen, he is leaving them the worst paid in the United Kingdom. We have cancelled strikes in Wales and Scotland because more money is being offered right now. From Westminster, it’s a case of ‘there might be a little jam tomorrow’ but certainly none yet. Today (MON) and tomorrow (TUES), tens of thousands of nurses in England will do what comes most difficult to them – leave their patients and stand outside the hospital. What keeps them going on these long, cold days is when the patients insist on coming down to the picket lines too. Patients know that nurses are their greatest champions. When Rishi Sunak turns his back on nurses, he turns his back on patients. Why is this strike in its third month? The Prime Minister has not yet understood what’s at stake for the NHS in its 75th year. The service quite simply runs on nurses and there are not enough of them to keep people safe. One nurse looking after 10, 20 or sometimes more patients on their own. Saving lives. 14-hour shifts. All taking a heavy personal toll. Extraordinary work for very ordinary wages. For as long as people can earn the same salary without the immense pressure and high university costs then Rishi Sunak will never fill the 47,000 missing nurse jobs in England. How many patients should those missing nurses be looking after? People are not dying because nurses are striking. Nurses are striking because people are dying. I would recommend a career in nursing with all my heart. But, today, they are being pushed too far and get little respect. Many are retiring early but there’s a worrying new trend of young people leaving after just a few years in the job, with a whole career ahead of them. Nurses are not looking to break the bank. Prime Minister, listen to patients and pay them fairly. Your government is struggling and needs a reset. What better way to show you’re on the same side as voters and taxpayers than doing what’s fair by all of Britain’s nurses?