EastEnders have confirmed it won’t be a Happy Christmas for one resident of Walford this year after they teased the murder of a major male character. Even more shocking is that the bloody deed involves six of the most popular women on the square. After a landmark episode which featured a lock-in with Sharon Watts (played by Letitia Dean), Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), Denise Branning (Diane Parish), Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) all enjoying after-hours drinks in the Vic there was a flashforward to Christmas 2023 and the aftermath of the gruesome killing. This glimpse of the Christmas future came after the six ladies made an ominous toast. To the strains of Sisters Are Doing It for Themselves, the 1985 hit from the Eurythmics and Aretha Franklin, Sharon raised her glass and began: “To the men in our lives… to the ones that give us false hope and security.” Stacey added: “To the ones that undermine us” quickly followed by Linda who said: “To the ones that hurt us.” Denise chimed in: “To the ones who play with our hearts," and Kathy contributed: “To the ones who take us for granted…and I’ve had a few of them.” READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show Suki continued: “To the ones who try to keep us in the shadows.” Sharon finished with: "To all the scumbags we’ve been stupid enough to let into our hearts. “To men. May they get what they deserve,” as the group echoed the sentiment in unison.” The next scene is set in an opulently decorated Vic in Christmas 2023, with the women in a state of shock, while Stacey has blood on her hands and Denise brandishes a broken and bloody champagne bottle.  As Sharon, who is wearing a wedding dress, kneels over the body and declares, “he’s dead,” all fans see of the victim is a distinctive Topaz cufflink and there are plenty of potential candidates in the mix. Earlier in the episode, Linda was horrified to realise her former mother-in-law Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) had reconciled with her son Dean (Matt di Angelo) who had previously raped her. Kathy promised her friend: “If that Dean does dare to show his face around here you have got a wall of friends around you who will make sure that he doesn’t get anywhere near you.” Sharon had also had a rough evening with her younger lover Keanu Taylor (Danny Walters) after she discovered his dalliance with Sam Mitchell (Kim Metcalfe). DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Ralf Little favourite to be replaced by Simon Bird [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks out on Brenda Blethyn 'taking break' from ITV series [EXLUSIVE]Emmerdale exit for Nate as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [SPOILERS] Meanwhile, Denise is being pursued by the handsome Ravi Gulato (Aaron Thiara) and is disillusioned in her marriage to Jack Branning (Scott Maslen). Suki has been struggling with the controlling behaviour of her husband Nish (Navin Chowdry) and her feelings for Eve (Heather Peace) but would she go so far as to kill Nish? Another possibility is Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott) who caused outrage when he tried to persuade pregnant daughter Lily (Lilia Turner) to come and live with him so he and his wife could raise her baby. Although he departed the Square last week could another return be on the cards?  