Former Italy international Marco Materazzi has revealed that he gave Mario Balotelli a ‘good beating’ due to his post-match behaviour in a Champions League tie. Inter Milan were beaten 3-1 by Barcelona back in 2010, prompting tempers to flare in the dressing room. Balotelli has gained a reputation throughout his career for being a hot-headed character, largely at his own expense. The forward had all the attributes of a top-quality No 9 when breaking through the ranks, though his own mentality prevented the now-Sion star from ever truly meeting his potential. Numerous teammates have released their tales about how they had tried to steer Balotelli onto the straight and narrow, though Materazzi’s story is significantly, and literally, more hands-on. 13 years ago, following the defeat to Barcelona in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final, Balotelli ripped off his shirt and launched it onto the floor in temper. The teenager then headed down the tunnel, anticipating a telling-off from manager Jose Mourinho, though he may not have expected a furious teammate waiting to vent his anger at the 19-year-old. Speaking about what happened after the match on an Instagram live stream, Materazzi explained: “I gave him a good beating, it's true. I love Mario, but he really deserved it that day. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m "We've become friends again now, practically brothers, but he did something that day that he really should not have done. Throwing his shirt to the ground after the final whistle wasn't even the worst of it. “Before the game, on the team bus, he told us: 'Today I'm going to play badly,' so I promised to make him pay if he did. When he came off the bench, he tried a shot from midfield rather than going on the counter. Diego Milito wanted to kill him. DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache "We believed in Mario, he scored many goals and contributed to the victory, but a week after that, I asked Mourinho to put me against Balotelli in the training ground games between ranks. After a few seconds, I'd sent him back to the dressing room.” Balotelli left Inter later that year to join Manchester City, playing a key role in their 2011/12 title success before tarnishing his reputation with his boyhood club by joining AC Milan. The 32-year-old has since enjoyed stints with several French sides before spending a campaign with Turkish side Adana Demirspor. He currently leads the line for Swiss side Sion, scoring five in 10 appearances for the club so far this season.