You season four has just arrived on Netflix and it sees Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) start a new life away from the US. There he started to grow attracted to his neighbour Kate (Charlotte Ritchie), who was already in a relationship with Malcolm. Malcolm star Stephen spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about working with Charlotte. Malcolm was the one who had introduced Joe, or Jonathan as he was known, to his friendship circle. Having been one of Joe's colleagues at the university, he helped him find accommodation and settle into his new life in London. However, things turned complicated when Malcolm introduced Joe to the rest of his friends who were part of the elite. Joe didn't realise Malcolm was in a relationship with Kate until he saw the pair in her flat together. Actor Stephen praised Charlotte for embracing such a dark character, as she is mostly known for her light-hearted comedy roles. READ MORE: You fans in frenzy as Love Quinn returns in part two He said: "I remember the first scene I did with Charlotte and she was really cold. "She's really nice, open, really funny and then we started doing this scene and she turns into this ice-cold b***h. "I was like 'that's brilliant, it's amazing to see you play this character'. "I think she was really excited to play it but worried about how it would be received as she's not used to playing such b****s. "But I think it's a wonderful character and she does it amazingly." The star also paid tribute to Joe actor Penn, from whom he learned a great deal whilst on set. He added: "It was quite nice as I was there for the first couple of blocks, most of my stuff is with Charlotte and Penn. "The pair of them were brilliant and so generous to work with. I went for a pint with Charlotte, she lives near me. "We went out last week and got caught up in it all as I hadn't seen her since it wrapped. "She was saying how big the project is and how long it lasted. I was in it for a month but the whole thing was six months. DON'T MISS... You's Charlotte Ritchie difficult season four debutFormer EastEnders star Tilly Keeper has joined You season 4 castCharlotte Ritchie pays tribute to YOU’s ‘lovely’ Penn Badgley "It's really exciting, I have never been in something like this where it's the fourth season and everyone wants to know what's going on. "I have always been like 'I can tell you everything or nothing' and they say 'no as it'll just spoil it'. "It's exciting to be in something like that and create relationships with Charlotte and Penn as well." Opening up more about his character, he says the fact Malcolm takes Joe in proves "how bad a judge of character he is". He added: "As well, he is a horrible person but he obviously doesn't realise that himself. "It was a really fun character to play which was good. "I thought it was brilliant because I got caught up on seasons one to three pretty quickly and it's that thing about trying to keep it fresh and exciting. "The location does it in itself but to turn it into Joe being hunted himself, it's a credit to the writers on how hard they have been working to keep it fresh. "It feels like a completely different show than the other ones."  You season 4 part 1 is on Netflix now. Part 2 will air on March 9.