Jake Paul and Tommy Fury will finally face-off tonight after 18 months of build-up and anticipation. The fight, which has been rescheduled twice due to cancellations, will take place in Diriyah Arena, Saudi Arabia in front of 15,000 excited fans. It's available order now exclusively via BT Sport Box Office in the UK. Jake Paul is a YouTube superstar who, like his brother Logan, has pivoted to boxing in recent years. Meanwhile, Tommy Fury is best-known for his appearance on Love Island where he met girlfriend Molly May-Hague, but has been born-and-bred in one of boxing's most famous families. And there's more than just bragging rights on the line for Paul and Fury when the bell sounds tonight. In an unexpected move, the World Boxing Council (WBC) has confirmed that if Jake Paul manages to defeat Tommy Fury, then he will be awarded a top 40 cruiserweight world ranking. This decision hasn't been without controversy. Speaking ahead of the Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury fight in Saudi Arabia, WBC President Mauricio Sulaiman confirmed that "if Jake Paul wins his upcoming bout against Tommy Fury, The WBC ratings committee will rank him in the Cruiserweight division. Jake Paul has been close to The WBC for several years, starting with the first event promoted in the UK when his brother, Logan, fought KSI; On that night Jake won The WBC amateur belt in the undercard fights. Jake has dedication and respect to the sport and The WBC will not tolerate discrimination against anyone, he deserves the opportunities that any other boxer has.” Whether you're looking to watch Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury on your TV, phone, tablet, or laptop ...you'll need to tune-in via BT Box Office. As always with Box Office fixtures, there's an additional cost to watch. This fight costs £19.95. Once you've paid, you can tune-in via BT TV channel 495, Sky TV channel 494 for Sky Q, Sky Glass, Sky Stream or Sky+HD, and finally, the Live Events tab on any Virgin Media box. You can also buy the fight from the BT Player on iOS and Android, then use Chromecast or AirPlay to beam the boxing match to the big screen. Purchase the fight via BT Box Office ahead of the brawl. Coverage begins from 6:30pm GMT (8.30pm CEST / 1.30pm ET / 10.30am PT) on February 26, 2023. However, if you're only interested in the main event, we expect to see Tommy Fury vs Jake Paul around 9.30pm GMT (11.30pm CEST / 4.30pm ET / 1.30pm PT). The only way to watch all of the action from Diriyah Arena is via BT Sport Box Office. Even if you're a BT Sport subscriber, there's an extra charge to watch the fight. To watch Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury, you'll need to pay £19.95. You can pay for the fight online from the BT Sport Box Office website, or using your remote on your BT TV, Virgin TV 360, Sky Q, Sky Glass, or Sky Stream box. The fight will be broadcast on BT TV channel 495, Sky TV channel 494 for Sky Q, Sky Glass, Sky Stream or Sky+HD, and finally, the Live Events tab on any Virgin Media box. You can also order the fight and download the BT Player on iOS and Android to watch on your phone, or use Chromecast or AirPlay to beam the boxing to the big screen too. Paying for Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury via BT Sport Box Office unlocks the ability to watch live, as well as the repeat showing will from 6am on Monday February 27, 2023 on BT Sport Box Office 1 HD on your set-top box too. BT Sport Box Office is charging £19.95 to stream the Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury fight tonight. That's pretty standard for a pay-per view boxing match, with the recent Fury vs Chisora 3 brawl costing fans a hefty £26.95.