Islamist extremists are often treated as though they are mentally ill rather than a threat, a scathing review has found. A Government probe into deradicalisation programme Prevent said that officials “bestow a status of victimhood” instead of addressing their violent ideology. In a statement to Parliament today, Home Secretary Suella Braverman is expected to accept all the recommendations in the review by Sir William Shawcross. A leaked draft calls for Prevent to return to its “core mission” of stopping extremists from carrying out atrocities. Advisory boards should also include experts on the “ideological drivers of terrorism” to counter the “mischaracterisation” of radicalisation as an “illness”. The review says: “Treating terrorism as a mental illness, or a social deficiency that can be placated by social services, might make acts of extreme violence seem more intelligible to some.  “Prevent too often bestows a status of victimhood on all who come into contact with it, confusing practitioners and officials as to Prevent’s fundamental purpose.” Prevent has come under fire for failing to stop terrorists from committing atrocities and for being too focused on the threat of right-wing extremism. In his campaign to become leader, Rishi Sunak said he would order Prevent to refocus on the threat of Islamist terrorism. The vast majority of MI5’s caseloads are made up of potential Jihadis. In total, seven of the 13 terror attacks in the past six years have previously been referred to Prevent. Officials were warned Reading terrorist Khairi Saadallah could carry out a “London Bridge-style attack” but was discounted as a terror risk by Prevent because he had “no fixed ideology”. He killed three friends in a brutal knife attack. Investigators have seen a rise in mixed, or no clear ideology, cases in recent years. Iraqi asylum seeker Ahmed Hassan had been referred to Prevent 18 months before he tried to blow up a commuter train in 2017. Usman Khan, 28, stabbed two people to death at the Fishmongers’ Hall near London Bridge in 2019. He had been released from prison one year earlier and was being constantly monitored by Prevent officers. 