The Chase star Mark Labbett had previously insisted he was in no hurry to settle down with someone special after he split from his wife and second cousin Katie nearly three years ago. However, he has now revealed on Twitter that he is embarking on a chase of his own, after getting "roped into" a singles night. "Been roped into a speed dating night at the Courtyard, Wickersley tonight. Single men needed here big time," he told almost 160,000 followers. One fan, @Cailleachjack, jokingly quipped: "You’re single ??? I’ll get my coat," punctuating the point with a rolling on the floor with laughter emoji. However, Mark shot back: "My dance card is already full. We need to balance it up with people interested in ladies." Meanwhile, @JezMeister2 had an unusual idea for surprising his other half, writing: "What's the address as the wife would love a selfie with her favourite chaser?" READ NOW: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits  Other tweeters chimed in to tell Mark he was guaranteed to be the "smartest guy there". He became one of TV's eligible bachelors after splitting with wife Katie back in 2020, when spending lockdown together meant cracks began to show. The pair had already raised eyebrows due to their 27-year age gap, but Katie is adamant that wasn't the reason for their split. She previously told The Sun that their lives were simply "very different" and that they'd shared no mutual friends. Katie added that Mark had been "incredibly understanding" when she let slip that she'd been seeing new partner Scott, and that the couple had initially switched to an open relationship. They tried to keep the unconventional marriage going for the sake of their three-year-old son. However they eventually split after seven years together. Speaking at the Dirty Dancing Gala in London later, Mark elaborated to the aforementioned publication: "I’m away from home 150 days a year filming, so it would be tough to have a [new] relationship even if I wanted to." DON'T MISS... Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [TRAGEDY] Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [BRIT AWARDS] Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES] Now, when he returns to Rotherham, the city he calls home, he prefers to chill in his bachelor pad, watching the sports channels and trying out the occasional video game. He has also been devoted to his child and is especially excited now that he is growing old enough to enjoy Harry Potter stories at bedtime. It seems that he has also been enjoying the perks that a single lifestyle has afforded him, including the ability to be selfish and not to have to take his partner's needs into account. "As a couple of my friends pointed out, the big challenge for me is learning to adapt with being with someone else!" he previously joked on Loose Women. "I had been a single man for a long while [when I met Katie] so I was getting used to the idea of being on my own," he added. "Especially as a bachelor, we can get pretty selfish, you get used to doing what you want to do all of the time." Having clarified that he's content in his life as a working single parent, some fans were surprised to learn that he was speed-dating. However there's every chance that the fierce Chaser, also known as "the Beast", could find his Beauty on his date night in the quiet village of Wickersley.