Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy has insisted that he is trying his best to provide manager Antonio Conte with "the best players we can afford" in a rare interview. The 61-year-old does not often speak to the media, and supporters of the club have regularly criticised him for his lack of communication. Some fans have decided the time has come for Levy and their ENIC owners to sell up, and are particularly frustrated with Spurs' relative lack of recent spending compared to the likes of Manchester City, Manchester United, Chelsea and their bitter rivals Arsenal. But speaking on the Premier League production 'Daniel Levy: Building a Home', Levy insisted that he only wants the very best for the club he has been involved in for over 20 years, despite the team having won only one trophy - the 2008 Carabao Cup - since ENIC have been in charge. "I think when you are involved in football the one thing [is] we all want to win, not everyone can win," he said. "It is very very difficult, we are not in control of what happens every time there is a game. All we can do is give the manager the best players that we can afford. "Inside there is real emotion. I am just being respectful for the opposing team around me. If we lose, it ruins my whole weekend. If we play bad, it is even worse. If we win, it is great." Levy is also known for his ruthlessness when it comes to chopping and changing managers. A particularly controversial decision was to axe Mauricio Pochettino in 2019 just months after the popular Argentinean had guided Spurs to the final of the Champions League, where they lost to Liverpool. It it still unclear whether Conte will stay beyond this summer, with the Italian's contract due to expire at the end of the season. And Levy added: "Managers know that it is just part of the game that managers come and go. But we all dream that we want to have a manager that lasts 10-15 years. It is very, very difficult." Spurs are next in action at the weekend when they travel to Leicester City ahead of a crucial Champions League last-16 first leg tie against AC Milan next week. Despite an air of doom and gloom around the place in recent weeks, three wins in a row against Fulham, Preston and Manchester City have seen the mood lift. The Lilywhites are now back in contention for a top four place, and sit just one point behind Newcastle United, albeit having played a game more. They are also still in Europe and the FA Cup, and will be dreaming of finally winning a trophy for the first time in 15 years. They were dealt a blow on Wednesday, however, with the news that first-choice goalkeeper Hugo Lloris is set for a spell on the sidelines after suffering ligament damage, with Fraser Forster set to deputise for at least six or so weeks.