Lionel Messi’s father Jorge has reportedly met with Barcelona president Joan Laporta to discuss a sensational return to the Camp Nou. The seven-time Ballon d’Or winner’s contract at PSG expires at the end of the season, making his next steps one of the most hotly discussed topics in world football with many hoping he completes a romantic reunion with the Blaugrana. Messi is the definition of a club legend at Barcelona after a goal and trophy-laden 21 years at the Camp Nou. The Argentine lifted silverware on a record 35 occasions while he also scored more goals than anyone else in the club’s history, netting a ridiculous 672 times in 778 appearances. However, there has always been a sense of unfinished business given the way he departed Barcelona in 2021. The 35-year-old was desperate to stay with the club, agreeing a new contract. However, the La Liga giant's financial issues made it impossible, meaning he went on to join PSG on a two-year deal. He is yet to sign a new contract in the French capital, opening the door for a potential exit as a free agent in the summer, with Barcelona naturally suggested as a potential destination. Now, reports from Spain suggest that Messi’s father and agent Jorge was in Spain to hold talks with Blaugrana president Laporta. JUST IN: Michael Owen leaves Champions League fans perplexed with Nunez comment It remains to be seen what, if anything, will come from the meeting, but it is possible that Jorge intended to try and heal the relationship between the Messi family and Barcelona. Tensions have been high since Lionel’s brother Matias called out the club and Laporta via Twitch. He suggested the 35-year-old was ‘bigger’ than Barcelona and that Laporta should have left rather than him. He later publically apologised for his comments, stating that they were only a joke as he thanked the club and fans for everything they had done for the Messi family. Jorge and Laporta’s meeting would therefore pose a good chance to clear the air once and for all. DON'T MISS...Jordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid lossCarragher goes in on Liverpool and Van Dijk after Real Madrid defeat It is unclear what Messi’s next career steps will be but the Argentina captain maintains a close relationship with some of his former Barcelona team mates. He often spends his days off in the Spanish city and enjoyed dinner with Sergio Busquets and Jordi Alba on Monday night. Other options for Messi include a prolonged stay at PSG or a move to the MLS with Inter Miami. In the meantime, the rest of the football world will monitor the situation with bated breath.