A laundry expert has warned Britons to be more careful when it comes to throwing items into the washing machine. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, has shared which garments could actually cause more harm than good if they enter the machine for a wash, including coins, silk items as well as embellished garments. The expert explained: “Coins and keys…it goes without saying that no one would put these items in their washing machines on purpose, but you should take extra care not to throw them in by mistake. “The metal can damage your washing machine’s drain pump and scratch its interior, so make sure to always check your pockets before putting a load on.” As well as checking pockets for coins and keys, also make sure to check for tissues which can often enter the wash. Although they won’t damage the machine directly, they can get stuck to all of the other items in the machine, causing Britons to rewash them. READ MORE: Gardening expert shares how to turn leftovers into ‘fabulous’ plants Britons should also be wary about putting ties in the wash as most are made from delicate fabrics. Deyan explained: “Fabrics such as silk and wool run the risk of shrinking, losing their shape and staining other clothes during a quick washing machine cycle. “To keep them smelling fresh and in good shape, I would recommend hand washing them, or having them cleaned professionally.” Other items which may need to be cleaned professionally include silk items, including bedding to help keep their shape. DON'T MISS:Six foods to keep houseplants ‘healthy’ to prevent stunted growth [COMMENT]Easiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’ [INSIGHT]‘Helter-skelter’ time for property market as house prices drop [EXPLAINER] The cleaning pro noted: “Most silk items require dry cleaning treatments, as the high temperatures and spin cycles of a washing machine can cause delicate fabrics to tear, shrink and lose their shape. “You may also run the risk of staining other clothes in your washing load, as dyes from coloured skills can often run onto other fabrics.” External embellishments such as sequins, buttons and zips should also be avoided. This is because these garments can become damaged if not properly protected as well as getting caught in areas of the drum. READ MORE: Seven home improvements which ‘add no value’ to your home If your garment allows it to be machine washed, place it in a laundry bag before putting it on for a gentle wash cycle. Some machines even have specific material settings these days, so always keep this in mind when washing delicate fabrics. Deyan explained: “Zips and buttons could get caught in your machine’s tub, or cause damage to other items in your washing load. “Make sure to zip and button up all your items before putting them in a wash. “Sequins and jewelled clothing are particularly delicate, and may fall off during a cycle and become lodged amongst other clothing, so I would recommend sponging off any dirt or stains from this material, before seeking cleaning help from a professional service.” Similarly, baby clothing can also get caught in the machine due to the size of them. Like with silk items, place baby clothing such as socks into small laundry mesh bags to keep them protected within the wash. This can also prevent them getting caught inside the draining vents inside the machine, but be sure to check the filter every now and again for items like this. Deyan added: “There are also several risks when it comes to putting bras in the washing machine. “Not only can their underwriting damage your washing machine’s tub, but their clasps could also tear other delicate items in your laundry load. “Additionally, if clasps get caught inside the walls of your washing machine’s tub, your bras may stretch excessively during a cycle, which can damage their delicate materials and original shape.”