For England, starting out under Steve Borthwick, it’s not about the Six Nations title race this campaign but shaping something coherent for the World Cup later this year. He has precious little time and as last week’s home defeat to Scotland showed the new head coach has a lot to work on.  The most worrying aspect for me was the defence. You can play all the fast rugby you like - and England did create a couple of nice tries - but if the back door isn’t bolted you are in trouble. Leaking four tries at home to Scotland was inexcusable and the defence coach Kevin Sinfield will be demanding a big improvement against Italy. There will need to be because this Italian side, while still the weakest team in the championship, can score tries. There was a lot of talk about bedding in Sinfield’s new defensive system after the game last week but the most important aspect of any system is the trust you have in the players around you. If you are flying in to make someone else’s tackle because you’re not sure they’re going to, then the system is going to break down. The England side I played in had such a degree of familiarity with each other that we knew instinctively what our teammates would do and where they would be.  This England side is clearly not at that level yet. I expect them to be better for an extra week together but they will need to be because Italy played very well against France last weekend and came within a score of beating the defending champions. It wasn’t a fluke. They were right there with the French. Luca Morisi, the Italian centre, gives his side a 30 per cent chance of beating England for the first time tomorrow and while I don’t think that will happen, this game is not a gimme. England need a concerted stride forward at Twickenham in performance if it is not to be an uncomfortable afternoon. I can’t think of a single England player who jumped off the page in week one save for maybe Max Malins so something better all round is needed this weekend. New regime or not, there are certain non-negotiables for an England side and five points at home against Italy is one of them. Jason Robinson was speaking in association with Vodafone Business. 