One of Prince Harry's "favourite" desserts, was "treacle tart with lashings of cream" according to Darren McGrady. Mr McGrady worked for the late Queen and Princess Diana for many years, cooking for the Royal Family in the royal kitchens. He now runs a YouTube channel where he shares recipes he formerly made for the royals. In a video on how to make the Duke of Sussex's favourite treacle tart, Mr McGrady said: "I love looking back on the old traditional British recipes and how they came about. "Treacle tart dates back to the 17th century. It's changed a little bit since then but this nutty buttery sweet delicious tart... did I say sweet? Because it is! It rivals that of the American pecan pie and it’s perfect on the Thanksgiving table. "You may have heard of treacle tart. Harry Potter fans - they definitely have. Harry Potter - it was his favourite dessert, Harry Wales loved it too and so did William when I cooked for them in the nursery at Kensington Palace." READ MORE: Princess Anne is 'very slender' but she 'avoids fad diets'  I bought pastry sheets from Sainsbury's for £1.75, a 700g bottle of Lyle's golden syrup for £2.50, fine breadcrumbs for £1.55 and a bottle of lemon juice for 75p. Overall, the ingredients came to £6.55, making it a very affordable dessert to bake that will hopefully last a whole week.  Mr McGrady advises preheating your oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit, or roughly 180 degrees Celsius. Next, roll out the pastry to about a half-inch thick and line an eight-inch flan ring or pie dish. Mr McGrady uses baking beans to blind bake the crust for 10 minutes, however, I didn't have these so I used some dry basmati rice instead. In the meantime, in a large bowl, combine the golden syrup, breadcrumbs and lemon juice and spoon into the lined pastry case once it's all cooked.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Doria Ragland enjoy 'yoga retreat in Goa' Bake in the centre of the oven for about 20 to 30 minutes or until the pastry edges are golden brown. Remove from the oven and allow to cool slightly. Mr McGrady recommends slicing and serving with ice cream, whipped cream or English custard.  I found baking this dish rather easy, especially as it was the first time I'd baked a tart. But I found my pastry started to droop down along the sides of the tin while it was dry baking. That might have been because I over-worked the pastry dough when rolling it out - but it still tasted really delicious. Personally, I would not use the equivalent of seven bread slices next time I bake the tart because I found the mixture to be quite bready by the time it was cooked, as opposed to gooey and syrupy. This might have been why Mr McGrady's tart looks much more orange than mine in his YouTube video - but the flavours were still divine. I ate a slice of the tart warmed up with custard and it was so delicious - it lasted for a whole week, which made the affordable ingredients even more worth it. I will definitely be making Prince Harry's "favourite" treacle tart again.