Dick Van Dyke was eliminated after performing as the Gnome on Wednesday during the season nine premiere of The Masked Singer on Fox. The 97-year-old actor distracted viewers with his energetic appearance as he sang and danced on stage. The Mary Poppins actor performed a fun rendition of When You're Smiling by Frank Sinatra and left panelist Nicole Scherzinger, 44, in tears when he revealed his identity. "This is the most seasoned and most decorated we've had on our show, ladies and gentlemen," said show host Nick Cannon, 42, as Dick revealed his identity. The Masked Singer judge Nicole began to cry as the singer declared she "loved him so much". Nick asked Dick how it felt to be Gnome, to which he replied: "It was really dark in there... I couldn't see anything." READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce  The Masked Singer presenter then pointed out that Nicole was crying. "I love you so much, we love you, the whole world loves you so much. It's an honor to have you on our show," Nicole said as her voice began to crack. "I can't believe you're here, I'm trying to play it cool. You look so gorgeous, you look so handsome," she gushed. "I am so blown away," said panelist Jenny McCarthy, 50.  "I'm 97 years old," Dick said, to which Nicole added: "I love Dick Van Dyke." Show panelist Ken Jeong, 53, told Dick that he was one of the reasons that he went into comedy. "You're our childhood," Nicole commented. Ken added: "Our greatest reveal ever." DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Sophie Morgan in hospital amid 'surgery complications'[LATEST]Helen Flanagan fires back after 'tacky and unclassy' jibes[PICTURES]Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore[ROYALS] The entire panel was previously stumped by Dick with Robin Thicke, 45, guessing that he was Dustin Hoffman along with Nicole, while Jenny went with Tony Bennett and Ken guessed Robert De Niro. Dick then performed a final time and treated the audience to a rendition of Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious from the 1964 film Mary Poppins that included dancing from the entertainer. Viewers were also left blown away by the legendary entertainer's sprightly appearance. Sean Waltman tweeted: "Dick Van Dyke is 97. He was just singing & dancing. Holy F'n Sh%t!. Might as well end the show. No topping that." Greg wrote: "Makes my tired old self feel carefree and lighthearted when Dick Van Dyke shows us it can be done at any age!" Ben tweeted: "Dick van Dyke is literally singing and DANCING 'Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious' from Mary Poppins at age 97 on the Masked Singer. "We stan you @iammrvandy I love nonagenarians so much."(sic) Saul added: "Now I know the reason Dick Van Dyke was trending, and I can’t believe he’s 97 years old and was on #TheMaskedSinger." The Masked Singer will return next week on Fox.