Sam Smith, 30, turned heads after they took to the red carpet on Saturday night in an eclectic plastic ensemble. Ricky Gervais, 61, has since taken a cheeky swipe at the singer and they's eye-catching attire that certainly distracted Brits viewers. Taking to Twitter on Sunday, the comedian shared a photo of the Unholy performer on the red carpet but Ricky placed his face over Sam's. The former Office star appeared to take a jibe at celebrities seeking privacy but wearing outlandish outfits at global events. In view of his 15.1 million followers, he captioned the post: "The worst thing about being famous is the lack of privacy. I can’t even walk down the street without people looking and pointing." Piers Morgan was one of the first people to react as he shared the image with his 8.3 million followers. READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz ignores ex Ben's plea on night out with celeb pals He captioned the post with a series of laughing-out-loud emojis. Cisco Adler tweeted: "Who’s your trainer? Asking for a friend who wants to look like a bubble…" Daniel Kempe quizzed: "Is this what you’ll be wearing next year when you host the Brits?" Papa asked: "Who wore it better?"  Others defended Sam's choice to wear the latex all-in-one, as Tracey commented: "I must say, much as this [they] isn't my cup of tea, it doesn't bother me what [they's] up to. In fact, I only see things about [them] from older men who seem increasingly upset about what younger generations are doing. This stuff happened in your generation too. You do know that, grandpa?" Ricky hit back: "Bit ageist." Double nominee Sam wowed in an eye-catching leather and PVC outfit on the red carpet before they entertained the audience alongside Kim Petras. The singer - who is non-binary and uses gender-neutral pronouns - put on a raunchy display of Unholy at the BRIT Awards as they took to the stage on Saturday at London's 02 Arena. DON'T MISS... Stacey Dooley addresses Kevin Clifton's three failed marriages[LATEST]Chris Packham suffered 'absolute hell' in childhood[ADMISSION]Holly Willoughby almost spilled out of dress in sensational photos[PICTURES] It comes a week after viewers slammed Sam and Kim over their "satanic" performance of Unholy last Sunday night. Sam was seen wearing satanic headgear in the horror movie-inspired performance, as viewers flocked to social media to share their frustrations about the "demonic" themes. During their Brit performance, the stage transformed into a mechanic's garage, where Kim put on a busty display in a black bra underneath a boilersuit, while Sam wore a black buckled bodysuit as they danced around the stage with their backing dancers. At the end of the song the cameras zoomed in on two of his backing dancers packing on the PDA in the raunchy performance. Jamie B tweeted: "What in the pornhub was the end of Sam Smith’s performance all about #Brits2023." Michael wrote: "I'm legit disappointed that Sam Smith got changed out of that ludicrous outfit for this performance. I can't understand a word they're singing mind." Mark commented: "People on here saying Sam Smith was the best performance of the night, really the whole show has been s***." Andy said: "That was a weird performance," as Queen added: "Sam Smith's performance didn’t need to be on there to be honest it was too much." Others gushed over Sam and Kim's Brit performance as Leigh remarked: "Have to give it to Sam Smith, they’re the only one who’s brought a performance tonight." Christian commented: "Say what you want about Sam Smith but at least they actually put a bit of energy into their performance, unlike some of the others." 