The former BBC Breakfast presenter revealed he had been involved in a traffic accident and taken to hospital to check on his injuries. Now, Jeremy Vine has voiced his concern for cyclists who are often involved in road traffic collisions, claiming he had upped his safety precautions. On Monday, Dan Walker was knocked down whilst cycling over the St Mary's Gate roundabout near Sheffield's city centre. He was left unconscious following the collision with a vehicle and revealed he has no recollection of the crash apart from waking up to see the emergency services treating him. Since the incident, his Channel 5 co-star Jeremy has expressed his feelings to those who often claim cyclists are responsible for collisions. Taking to his Twitter account, he shared an image of his new helmet and jacket, admitting that he wasn't taking any chances when it came to his safety. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence The caption alongside the images read: "As a direct result of the horrible crash involving @mrdanwalker — I'm now upping my level of fluorescent. "This is how it works with cycling — you get the blame for all the bad driving around you. Likely effect of my new hat and top on my personal safety: less than zero." Many of Jeremy's viewers sprang to support him, with Alan Hardy commenting: "Very sensible Jeremy. "I thought the stealth black outfit was a little inconspicuous despite the floodlight on your head!" (sic) John Etheridge added: "I cycle 1000s of miles each year and I'm a visibility obsessive with bright clothing, helmet, shoes. "Lights on (rear light in flashing mode) even in bright sunlight. Sure it makes a difference." (sic) Sakhr Al-Makhadhi said: "It's shameful that we have to dress like we're on a building site just to get from A to B. "I need to have insanely bright lights flashing all day long." (sic) DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [LATEST]Coronation Street exit for Max Turner as fans spot worrying clue  [WATCH]Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall [INSIGHT] @kazzy33: "Isn't it sad that cyclists and drivers have come to hate each other ?? It never used to be this way. "Cycling has changed so much. People used to cycle gently years ago. Today it's fast and dangerous." (sic) @loled1967 expressed: "Interesting to see if there is any difference to the way you are treated on the roads. "When I cycle, I generally wear something bright (not hi-viz) and it still doesn’t make any difference IMO. Good luck." (sic) Dan explained his helmet had saved his life as he hit the tarmac while navigating on the road around the busy roundabout which connects the popular road lined with bars and restaurants to the city centre. Updating his fans on his condition, he wrote on this Twitter: "Blown away by all the lovely messages. Thank you. "Just got home from hospital. Battered and bruised but - amazingly - nothing broken. Very thankful to still be here. I have no memory of anything and just remember coming round on the tarmac with paramedics & police around me. "Thanks for all your kindness. Jamie & Shaun were so great in the ambulance - not sure I was making much sense. Thanks to Conor the copper, Charlotte in x-ray & Hannah for being so considerate & brilliant in such a busy A & E. "The helmet I was wearing saved my life today so - if you’re on a bike - get one on your head. Smashed my watch & phone, ruined my trousers, my bike is a mess but I’m still here. Currently eating soup through a straw and being looked after by this gorgeous, tired nurse."