A friend of the missing mother has said that the community has rallied in order to keep life as normal as possible for Bulley’s nine-year-old and six-year-old. Friends have taken the two young girls to their usual Saturday morning clubs following a sleepover.   A friend, whose children attend the same school in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, said: “It's to try to retain a sense of routine. “To take their minds off…” The girls were returned to their father Paul Ansell, 44, at lunchtime. A huge police operation is still in place to try and find Ms Bulley, as the search is now in its tenth day. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie may have set her sights on moving to West Hollywood Lancashire Police revealed on Friday that their working theory is that Ms Bulley fell into the water. However, her family has countered the claim. Nicola's friend has also stated that a CCTV camera, which would have captured some of her last known movements, wasn't working. Her partner Paul spoke to the media on Friday, and said the family will never give up hope in finding her. Close friend Tilly Ann commented: "Those who know Paul know that he is a very chilled out guy, spiritual, dotes on his family and honestly are used to his silly sense of humour, my husband especially who is best friends with him and has known him since birth. DON'T MISSNicola Bulley's friend share 11 facts you may not know about case [INSIGHT]Exact date forecasters say 200mph jet stream to bring 'wall of snow' [REVEAL]Government to announce major change to train ticketing next week [UPDATE] "To watch him in that interview was devastating. We can see the hurt and pain and can see how much he's struggling to hold back the tears. “He's is completely focusing on his girls because if he even stops to think about anything else, he will lose it and he doesn't want to worry his girls even more than they already are." The police search has been aided by specialists and divers from HM Coastguard, mountain rescue, and Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service - with sniffer dogs, drones and police helicopters deployed. Detectives are also working behind the scenes to analyse CCTV and dashcam videos. Members of the public with footage which could be useful have been urged to come forward. Anyone with information or footage has been asked to call 101, quoting log 565 of January 30.  