The Princess of Wales was captured engaging in a photograph session while in the rugby dressing room, with royal fans spotting a surprising throwback detail in one of the photos. In the image, Kate laughs as Maro Itoje reaches towards someone taking a photo of the pair. After the photo was snapped, Maro soon shared the image on social media, as well as Kate and William adding to their official Instagram account. Under the uploaded image, one user commented: "Is that a disposable camera in picture 2?!" Another added: "I spotted it too! Brings back some memories." As well as spotting the detail, another user added that there could be a logical explanation for the disposable camera. READ MORE: Meghan Markle raised eyebrows with £62,000 dress at engagement photoshoot They wrote: "Probably not allowed mobiles in private meetings for security reasons." They also added this to be a "good idea" so the royal couple can "relax and be unguarded". As well as Kate, Prince William was also in attendance and as patron of the Welsh Rugby Union, was clearly on board to support Wales. Both clear rugby fans, Kate is patron of the Rugby Football Union. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry forced to 'scrounge' as millions dry up – new claim  Another wrote: "Bless her - all that sweaty testosterone in the dressing room - totally chilled and unfazed - she's a complete winner!" Another stated that "everyone always looks incredibly happy when speaking with Kate and Will". DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] During the visit, the mother-of-three also revealed Prince George's shared interest in the sport. She revealed that the nine-year-old is advancing from tag rugby to touch rugby, as well as learning how to tackle. Kate said: "They are trying to teach him the rules", adding that they "move them around for their confidence. Because he is tall, he has the physique." The 41-year-old also revealed that the couple's only daughter, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte, "also does rugby".