Tony Robinson starred as the servant and sidekick Baldrick to Edmund Blackadder (played by Rowan Atkinson) and is set to reprise his role after 25 years. Tony recently opened up about his excitement to play Baldrick once again and touched on Rowan's absence from the title role. "This just happens to be a script for Baldrick," Tony explained on Wednesday's BBC Radio 4's Today programme. "Rowan always contributes to Comic Relief. I'm sure he'll be there in some form or another." Tony also reflected on whether the sketch could be the start of a new Blackadder series and admitted: "The argument always is that, however good a new series might be. "The people who are watching it wouldn't be in the same state of mind and same state of emotions as they were when they watched the first series. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments "So they wouldn't feel as warm about it, they wouldn't feel as good about it. Even if it was absolutely great, they'd probably go 'It's not like the old series, is it?'" Tony explained it was "extraordinary" for him to reprise his role as Baldrick and was pleased when he received the "beautifully crafted script." He added the "brainless" character also acts as a contrast with the more "sophisticated" roles played by Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry. This isn't the first time Tony has reprised his role as Baldrick after he and Rowan appeared in a previous Red Nose Day sketch in 1988. The special was set during the English Civil War and saw Blackadder and Baldrick as the last two men loyal to the defeated King Charles I of England. Sir Tony also returned to the role in 1999 to film the short film special, Blackadder: Back & Forth. Discussing the decision to bring back the beloved series for a one-off special, Richard Curtis told Gary Davies on the Radio 2 Breakfast Show he was "excited" for people to watch. "God I’m really nervous about saying this but…I think for the first time in 20 years, Baldrick is going to be giving some kind of performance. DON'T MISS...Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out' [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [WATCH]GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [LATEST] "We're just conspiring about it now, so I think there's going to be a marvellous, turnip-based thing with Tony Robinson now back in action. So I'm excited about that." Asked whether Rowan was also going to be involved, Curtis replied: "No, Rowan's far too serious to do any of that." Co-writer Ben Elton previously shut down the prospect of a new series of Blackadder and told Radio Times: "I take great pride that the language of The Young Ones and Blackadder is still part of the culture to this day, but nothing I write now will enter the language. "No act I do will be considered cutting edge because I’ll never be young again. I’ll never be the game-changer I was. "So I’ll just carry on expressing myself as honestly as possible and trying to find as large an audience as I can. "Not Blackadder again. I don’t think either of us feels any appetite to do that.” Red Nose Day returns to BBC One on March 17.