1923 is coming back to Paramount with the final episode of season one and Yellowstone fans are keen to see how the drama will come to a head. The prequel has already been renewed for a second outing, so it could all end on the ultimate cliffhanger. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the finale will air. 1923 fans were thrilled to find out the historical drama will return for a second season. The series was renewed in early February, with Paramount confident it would continue to be a success. Now the final episode of season one is just around the corner and viewers are keen to make sure there will be no further delay. There was a short break in between episodes four and five, marking the halfway point in the series. READ MORE: 1923 opens up major plot hole with Spencer Dutton's family But thankfully, there will be no delay when it comes to the show's highly-anticipated finale. Episode eight will premiere on Sunday, February 26 on Paramount+. New episodes of 1923 debut weekly on Sunday mornings from 3am Eastern Time, or 12am Pacific Time. For viewers in the UK, they will be able to watch the finale on the streaming platform from Monday, February 27. Jacob Dutton actor Harrison Ford hinted his character could return for a second outing. Speaking to The Hollywood Reporter about 1923 as well as the Apple TV+ series Shrinking, he said: "[Shrinking] came along, and then, very quickly after that, 1923 came along. "I took the job without a script on both of them, on faith that the people who created the projects were going to deliver me a good script. "I really didn’t realize how much work 1923 was going to be, and I absolutely feel it’s worth it. DON'T MISS... Jack and Lizzie's baby is closely related to John in Yellowstone 1923's Brandon Sklenar drops worrying Spencer Dutton death hint Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner to have ‘seismic exit’ after season 5 "I’m excited to do another season of both." His comments appear to indicate his character will survive the season one finale, but this has not officially been confirmed. A release date for the second outing is yet to be announced but it will hopefully be no later than December 2023. In the penultimate episode, titled The Rule of Five Hundred, Banner Creighton (Jerome Flynn) was shocked to discover Jacob survived the shootout. Meanwhile, the priests at the school Teonna Rainwater (Aminah Nieves) escaped from finally caught up with her. Spencer Dutton (Brandon Sklenar) and Alex (Julia Schlaepfer) arrived in Sicily and booked passage to the United States. As they were enjoying a meal together, they were surprised by the arrival of Alex's former fiancé whom she abandoned. Viewers will have to wait and see whether they make it back to Montana in time to help the rest of the Duttons.  1923 airs on Sundays and Mondays on Paramount Plus