China is not the only "hostile actor" capable of penetrating US aerospace defences, a military analysed has warned. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Rebekah Koffler, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer, did not rule out the possibility that "at least one" of the UFOs drifting across North America over the last three days came from Russia. The foreign adversary may have exploited the ensuing mayhem to its advantage, she added. America has shot down a further three UFOS over its airspace since it downed a suspected Chinese spy balloon off the South Carolina coast on February 4. The optics have not been great for the Biden administration. The Chinese balloon entered US airspace on January 28 and stayed afloat for seven days, loitering over sensitive areas of Montana where nuclear warheads are siloed. Biden was reportedly advised to wait until the balloon was over water before shooting it down. Officials determined that bringing down the balloon over land from an altitude of 60,000 feet would pose an undue risk to people on the ground. However, this delay sent a strong signal to foreign adversaries that the US has "glaring gaps" in its aerospace security, Koffler told Express.co.uk READ MORE: US recovers critical sensors from debris of suspected Chinese spy balloon shot down  "The global threat environment is deteriorating because China and possibly another actor have just demonstrated to the entire world that the United States, despite being armed to the teeth with the latest high-tech billions of dollars worth of weaponry, cannot detect and neutralise a low tech object before it crosses into its territory," she said. The timing is also notable "because the US is engaged in two major geopolitical confrontations now, one with Russia-Ukraine, as a proxy participant to the war, and the second one is in the Asia-Pacific, where tensions between China and the US are heating up over Taiwan". The fact that the US has "blind spots" in its aerospace defences is an enormous threat that adversaries, such as Russia and China, will ultimately exploit, Koffler warned. In the military analyst's estimation, the UFOs don’t represent a major security threat during peacetime and in the short run. DON'T MISSHorror as gunman kills three and wounds five [LATEST]US 'not doing enough' to protect airspace [REPORT]Teen found alive and pregnant in wardrobe after going missing [INSIGHT] However, "incidents like these breaches of US airspace, during on-going real world hostilities or even war-games increase the possibility of unintended escalation due to miscalculation of parties involved and over-reaction", she pointed out. It's currently unclear where the three additional UFOs over North America came from. The US Air Force general overseeing North American airspace said on Sunday that he would not rule out aliens or any other explanation yet, deferring to US intelligence experts. US military fighter jets shot down an octagonal object over Lake Huron on Sunday, according to the Pentagon. READ MORE: Pentagon confirms UFO shot down over Canada was 'small, metallic balloon’ The vessel - flying around 20,000 feet above the lake waters - was shot down by an F-16 fighter jet with a missile on Sunday afternoon, at the direction of President Biden and based on the recommendations of military leadership, Pentagon Press Secretary Brigadier General Pat Ryder said in a statement. The path and altitude of the object - which flew close to sensitive Department of Defense sites and could have posed a risk to commercial aircraft - raised concerns. "We did not assess it to be a kinetic military threat to anything on the ground, but assess it was a safety flight hazard and a threat due to its potential surveillance capabilities," Ryder said. Biden and other top Washington officials have mentioned little about the repeated shootdowns. “There will be an investigation and we will learn more, but until then this story has created a playground for people interested in speculating or stirring the pot for their own reasons,” said Jim Ludes, a former national defense analyst who now leads the Pell Center for International Relations at Salve Regina University. “In part,” Ludes added, “because it feeds into so many narratives about government secrecy”.