Manchester United reportedly have 'five serious bidders' in the race to complete a full takeover from the Glazers. It was announced in November last year that the Glazers were "commencing a process to explore strategic alternatives for the club", which includes a full sale. The news sparked mass interest from groups all over the world with British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe currently the only one to publicly declare an interest in a takeover at United. But he's not the only one showing an interest with others seemingly keeping cards close to their chest. According to the Daily Mail, 'a group of five serious bidders' have made it known that they're planning to make an offer to buy United. It's said that one of them is a group of Qatari investors along with strong interest from the US. There is also said to be some interest from Saudi Arabia - which is apparently separate from the Public Investment Fund which holds an 80 per cent majority stake in Newcastle. The Glazers are said to be asking for £6billion in a full sale, although they're also open to 'two separate forms of investment'.  There reportedly is a much larger group of investors interested in buying in with a minority stake as opposed to the five bidders wanting a full takeover. The Qatari group are said to be separate from the Qatar Sports Investments group, who are the majority shareholders at Paris Saint-Germain. National football federations have outlawed owners from having a controlling stake in more than one club. Ratcliffe, who is a boyhood United fan, has already begun the process to launch his bid for the club. According to Bloomberg, the INEOS chief executive has acquired the services of banking giants Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan to assist him. The 70-year-old admitted just last year that he expressed an interest in buying United from the Glazers, but was under the impression that they were not interested in selling.  Ratcliffe said: "Manchester United is owned by the Glazer family, whom I have met. I've met Joel and Avram and they are the nicest people, I have to say, they are proper gentlemen. "They don't want to sell it. It's owned by the six children of the father and they don't want to sell it. If it had been for sale in the summer then, yes, we would have probably had a go following on from the Chelsea thing, but we can't sit around hoping that one day Manchester United will become available. "We have an exciting sporting franchise [OGC Nice in Ligue 1], but the one thing we don't have is a premier team. The most popular sport in the world is football and it is the sport we were brought up with and it's the one most close to us. We really should have an asset in the sporting franchise."