The Old Cobblers in Rawtenstall was engulfed in flames as Lancashire emergency services urged residents to keep their windows shut. Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service said the devastating fire has sent large plumes of smoke into the air.    They added: “Six fire engines, including one from Greater Manchester Fire & Rescue Service, the command support unit, and the aerial ladder platform are in attendance at a commercial building fire on New Hall Hey Road in Rawtenstall.” Authorities have urged residents to avoid the roads around the Cobblers Inn on New Hall Hey Road amid the ongoing fire. The fire service announced: “Six fire engines, including one from Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service, the command support unit from Blackburn, and the aerial ladder platform are currently in attendance at a commercial building fire on New Hall Hey Road in Rawtenstall. “The fire is well alight and has spread to the roof. READ MORE: Girl rescued after spending 150 hours under rubble from Turkey quake  “Crews are currently tackling the blaze and there is a large smoke plume, so if you can see or smell smoke, please close your windows and doors. “The road is currently closed whilst we deal with this incident, so please avoid the area.” Residents rushed to social media to express their sadness over the Old Cobblers devastating blaze. Twitter user Chris Kendall wrote: “Heart breaking! Lots of memories at the Old Cobblers Inn. DON'T MISSFamily of Idaho murder victim could be witnesses [INSIGHT]Two 'suspicious' men spotted near Nicola Bulley's dog-walking route [REVEAL]Man Utd respond to Ronaldo complaints with 'multi-million revamp' [UPDATE]  “Glad everyone is safe!” In a recent update, the fire service announced that they have reduced the amount of fire engines on the scene used to tackle the blaze. They said: “This incident has been reduced to four fire engines from Bacup, Rawtenstall, Hyndburn and two specialist units - aerial ladder platform from Preston and command support unit from Blackburn. “Firefighters are continuing to tackle the fire.”  