A heartbroken dog owner was joined by dozens of people and their pets who answered a call to give her collie a send-off on her last walk before being put to sleep. Sarah Keith, 44, wanted to make sure her 12-year-old dog Ella “went out with a bang” with one last trip to her favourite beach after being diagnosed with oral cancer. On Saturday, February 4, Ms Keith asked fellow dog owners to join her for the day out at Fraisthorpe beach, East Yorks, at 12 noon on Monday. She was stunned when more than 30 dogs and roughly 25 owners greeted her on the sands after her touching message was shared over 1,200 times. Tearful Ms Keith said Ella, who also suffered from arthritis, had loved charging about with other dogs before she was put to sleep just a few hours later. She said: "There were people who I'd never met them. You don't know who they are. But it's lovely they showed a bit of humility and grace when something like this happens.  "The only time I cried was when someone hugged me. There was also a lady that made a hand-stitched keepsake. "And there was a group of people with border collies, and Ella loved running with them. At one point there were six or seven going after the same ball. "She was the best dog I have ever had, and I have had lots of dogs." She issued the call after being told on Friday, February 3, a veterinary biopsy revealed she'd contracted mouth cancer. Ms Keith, from Hull, said she had 11 wonderful years with Ella before the devastating diagnosis. And knowing her age and breed, she decided treatment that might be required to prolong her life would only result in further "suffering." She added: "It would have been selfish for me to prolong her suffering, just because I didn't want to say goodbye to her. READ MORE: Zelensky touches down in UK to meet Sunak in first visit since Russian invasion of Ukraine  "I thought people who knew her would maybe come down. Obviously, a lot of people are working on Monday, but I didn't want to mess anyone around over the weekend. "The post just got shared and shared. And I had people from all parts of the country who never were going to be able to make the walk sending me messages. "When I arrived, there was probably more than 30 dogs, and in the region of 25 owners. "There was even a group with leads on, with not particularly social dogs, but they hand wanted to support in their own way." Ella had come to live with Ms Keith at the age of one after the farmer who first reared her realised she wasn't going to make a good sheepdog. The border collie had previously lived in an outdoor kennel, but former RSPCA inspector Ms Keith realised she would make a good house pet. She said: "This collie was coming up to one year old, and she just wouldn't work sheep for the farmer, so he got another pup, and he was trying to find a home for her. "The day after I moved into my house, she moved in with me. And as it transpired, when I got her paperwork through, it was actually her first birthday the day she moved in. "I sent the farmer a photo of her laid out on the floor. He said, 'What's she doing there? She's not a house dog.' I said: 'I think you'll find she is'." DON'T MISS: Headteacher 'made distressed call to sister' minutes before she was shot dead by husband 