Poland has called on NATO to ensure Ukraine receives postwar security guarantees which could provide Kyiv with a vital morale boost. Polish President Andrej Duda called on the organisation to provide assurances that, while the country can't join the other members yet, there would be some form of “partnership” on the cards. President Duda said Ukraine seeks a deal that would ensure the world's most prominent military powers come to Volodymyr Zelensky's aid following a future attack. Speaking to the Financial Times, the Polish premier said the guarantees would prove vital for Ukrainian fighters. Soldiers have spent the last year fighting for their future and need “this feeling that NATO stands with them”, he said. He added that Kyiv expects a “partnership” of some form with security guarantees while attending the Munich Security Conference alongside other world leaders. President Duda favours security guarantees structured in line with NATO's Article 5 and demands a leading role from his US counterpart Joe Biden. READ MORE: Ed Balls overcome with emotion as Ukrainian refugees dance live on GMB Under the agreement sought by Kyiv, he said, the UK, France and the US would provide aid following any future incursions. He will stress this when he meets with President Biden in Warsaw today after world leaders proved resistant during the conference. The US and Germany have focused on the military aid officials are providing at present and the continued need for tanks and artillery. But the UK has taken a different tack, with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak demanding security assurances over the weekend. Speaking from the conference on February 18, he said NATO and its allies must demonstrate they will "remain by [Ukraine's] side, willing and able to help them defend their country again and again". He added that Ukraine "needs and deserves" assurances of support as the threat remains and that NATO should work towards building a "charter" that would serve as a guarantee. Mr Sunak said: "Ahead of the NATO summit in Vilnius, we will bring together our friends and allies to begin building those long-term assurances. "And our aim should be to forge a new charter in Vilnius to help protect Ukraine from future Russian aggression." Most nations have pledged to keep Ukraine's armed forces strong enough for the country to defend itself. But despite these pledges, Kyiv is growing frustrated with the west as promised aid fails to arrive. Tanks from the UK, Germany and the US have not arrived on the battlefield and are potentially weeks away. Aid provided by the UK since the war began has been valued at £2.3billion and includes military assistance like tanks, artillery and air defence systems.