Whilst it might be tempting to work around a small stain on your oven door, this can get baked onto the glass after each use, making it more difficult to clean in the long run. For those who have let the stains build up, fans of Mrs Hinch have shared their tip tips to remove hard grease and grime on oven door glass. Taking to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Laurina Harris asked: “What is the best way to clean a glass oven door?” By cleaning that brown stained oven, it can look like a sparkling new appliance, making the world of difference to kitchens. Cleaning the oven regularly doesn’t just make it look better, but can actually improve the appliance’s efficiency. So, for those feeling embarrassed by the brown streaks on their oven door, now’s the time to tackle them. The post was flooded with comments, some suggesting the cleaning enthusiast use dedicated oven cleaners. However, many recommended using a product most will find in their bathroom - shaving foam. READ MORE: ‘Melt away’ tea cup stains with 4p cleaning item - ‘excellent results’ Judith Waldron wrote: “Just done fine with shaving foam, left for a few minutes, then washed off, works great.” Jenny Saunders said: “Seen the shaving foam tip on here, tried it last night and now the glass is gleaming.” Katie Winfield suggested: “Spray some shaving foam over the whole glass and after a couple of minutes you’ll find that the stubborn stains slip right off. You’ll be shocked.” Posting a before and after picture in the comments, Ret Williams said: “Left the shaving foam less than five minutes and just rinsed off.” DON'T MISS‘Best location’ to plant hydrangeas in gardens - avoid ‘wrong area’ [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ methods to remove ivy without damaging your garden [TIPS]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [INSIGHT] Tanya Haines commented: “Use just shaving foam and leave it to sit. Then wipe off without scrubbing and the glass comes up like new. The shaving cream penetrates the grease and grime and softens it to the point that it lets go of its hold. For those who don’t already own a can of shaving foam, it can be picked up from Aldi for 85p, from Asda for £1.10 and from Tesco for £1.50. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using dishwasher tablets that have been dampened. READ MORE: ‘Effective remedy’ to remove yellow pillow stains - avoid using bleach Julie Kennedy said: “Dishwasher tablet got mine new and mine was pretty bad to begin with.” Nicki Packham wrote: “Pink stuff or a dishwasher tablet. Both of them worked a treat on my oven door.” Trace Johnson commented: “Dishwasher tablet. Wet the door and rub the dishwasher tablet over it. Leave for a few minutes, then wipe off and repeat if necessary. I used the cheap ones.” For those who don’t have dishwasher tablets or shaving foam to hand, the cleaning task can also be tackled using baking soda and white vinegar, according to the cleaning enthusiasts. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Debra Readshaw said: “Mix bicarbonate of soda with white vinegar into a paste put it on the oven door. Leave for 10 minutes, then clean of with warm water and clean cloth.” Ghazala Mushtaq wrote: “Sprinkle bicarbonate of soda then add vinegar and spread it over. Leave for five minutes and then wipe it off.” Vinegar and baking soda are staple ingredients for cleaning lovers creating their own products. Baking soda and white vinegar are very good at cutting through grease and eliminating odours.