Chelsea are willing to offload Mason Mount at the end of the season if he does not pen a new deal at Stamford Bridge, according to reports. Talks to extend his stay at his boyhood club have stalled, with the playmaker demanding that he is given a deal that represents his importance. The Blues have struggled so far this season, with Graham Potter struggling to find his best eleven from the ranks that he inherited as well as the flurry of signings made by Todd Boehly over the past few transfer windows. Mount has been ever-present in the former Brighton boss’ side though, making 22 Premier League appearances for Chelsea so far this season – scoring three and assisting two. But despite the 24-year-old being a regular in Potter’s side, the Blues are willing to offload the midfielder, according to The Athletic. Mount is out of contract in 2024 and do not want to keep the ex-Derby loanee into the final 12 months of his deal at the club. They would like to retain his services in the long term and have the England international sign a new deal at the club, though have seen extension offers rebuffed over the past few months. As a result, talks have stalled entirely and will only reopen at the end of the season to avoid the negotiations becoming a distraction. If an agreement is not reached with Mount, the Blues are willing to sell him as they are keen to set a precedent that players will not leave the club as free agents. Liverpool and Manchester United have both been linked with the midfielder as a result and are likely to be ‘encouraged’ by the stalled talks between the academy graduate and Chelsea. Louis Saha believes that his former side should steer well clear of Mount though, telling Lord Ping: “Mason Mount should not be considered by United. He's not been playing well and it wouldn't be the right call. Mason Mount can fit in at any team, but I don't think he's had a great year at Chelsea and I'm not sure why he'd be linked more than he was before seeing as he was on fire last year. "I don't think he should move to United as he hasn't been playing well. I think these rumours are coming from agents and I'm not going to blame the media, but moving for Mount is not the right call at the moment."