Rafael Nadal has been told what he must do to build confidence on his upcoming comeback after getting injured at the Australian Open. Andy Murray’s former coach Brad Gilbert offered the Spaniard some advice as he admitted he thought Nadal’s 18-year streak inside the world’s top 10 could come to an end with his injury woes forcing him to skip more tournaments. Nadal has been struggling with several injuries for the last few months, as he played just four tournaments after Wimbledon last year when he tore his abdomen. The world No 6 then made a comeback at the start of this season but lost his first two matches of the year for the first time ever before injuring his leg during his Australian Open second-round defeat, leaving him out for at least six to eight weeks. It means that the 36-year-old won’t be seen until at least next month’s Masters 1000s in Indian Wells and Miami, though many believe he could skip them to keep rehabbing and return on his favourite surface - the clay. But the 22-time Major winner has now been told that he needs match wins to be able to bounce back properly instead of delaying his comeback. “You build that inertia when you win games… Since Roland Garros last year he hasn't won anything,” Brad Gilbert told Patrick McEnroe’s Holding Court podcast, explaining why Nadal needed his old innate nature of winning. “He has been injured and then some Americans have defeated him, so he has lost that inertia that now he must recover. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic told several young stars can ruin Wimbledon hopes   “It has become dented and it is no longer the same, now it is more complicated.” The former coach of Murray and Andre Agassi also said that “as you get older, it's mentally exhausting to go through all these different recoveries.” Gilbert also speculated over whether Nadal would lose his record streak of 18 straight years in the world’s top 10, with the Spaniard never having fallen out of the elite group of the rankings since making his debut in April 2005. “If my calculations are correct, whether we believe it or not, his record is going to end,” the American coach said, looking at the tournaments Nadal is set to miss and lose points from as a result of his latest injury setback. DON'T MISSStefanos Tsitsipas 'splits with Mouratoglou' as coach focuses on rivalTennis star fights tears after helping injured opponent in horror fallTsitsipas and co receive dig as Spanish star has brutal rankings claim But Gilbert also thought it would spell more bad news for Nadal’s rivals than the man himself, with a lower ranking meaning that top opponents would face him in earlier rounds of big tournaments. The retired player-turned-pundit added: “First of all, we just want to see him healthy, but he will be in a different position in the draw. “If he's healthy and he's going to be seeded 11 or 12 in those tournaments, it's going to be a problem for someone. If he's recovered he's going to win games and that's fine.”   Nadal himself is yet to confirm when he will return to competition but gave an update on his progress on January 26, confirming that his initial recovery timeframe was correct. "Today I have been at the Tecknon Tennis Clinic in Barcelona where they have carried out some tests on me,” he tweeted. “The Melbourne results are confirmed and the deadlines remain the same. Established the treatments to follow and in 3 weeks they will perform new tests to see the evolution.”  