Manchester United’s January transfer window ended with the signings of Jack Butland, Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer. However, things could have been very different at Old Trafford. Recalling Dean Henderson was explored, while the Red Devils eyed Joao Felix and Ryan Gravenberch - only to miss out on both. United considered recalling Henderson from his loan spell at Nottingham Forest. But the England international decided to stay at the City Ground, where he’s finally getting the regular game time he craved. United eyed Felix from Atletico Madrid, only for the Portugal international to end up moving to Chelsea instead - with the Red Devils unwilling to spend big on a temporary deal. And before they signed Sabitzer from Bayern Munich, the Red Devils probed a deal for Granveberch. Express Sport now takes a look at how United would be setting their team out if all three players had rocked up at Old Trafford this month. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Henderson wouldn’t have wanted to sit on the bench at United, having previously made it clear he’s fed up of being understudy to David De Gea. Therefore, it’s feasible the England international would actually have become Ten Hag’s No 1. The Dutchman likes a goalkeeper with good distribution - and that’s one advantage Henderson has over De Gea. Sure, De Gea has been back to his best this season. But there’s still a nagging sense he’s a goalkeeper from a previous era - and Henderson remains one for the future. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United were awful at the start of the season, shipping six goals as they lost to the likes of Brighton and Brentford. But, in the time since, they’ve been far better at the back. Diogo Dalot remains a superior option to Aaron Wan-Bissaka at right-back, despite the latter’s improvement this term. Luke Shaw has won the battle with Tyrell Malacia to earn Ten Hag’s trust and nail down a starting berth on the opposite side. And, at centre-back, Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane have struck up a formidable partnership. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United will be praying Casemiro stays fit until the end of the season given his fine form since arriving from Real Madrid. And the same can be said for Bruno Fernandes, who has rediscovered his mojo ever since the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. On deadline day, United signed Sabitzer as a replacement for the injured Christian Eriksen. However, widespread reports have claimed they actually wanted to land his Bayern Munich team-mate Gravenberch instead. The Bundesliga giants said no, however, leaving United to land an alternative as the clock ticked down. They’re hopeful with Sabitzer, despite the midfielder struggling for form during his time at the Allianz Arena. Felix’s name was dominating the headlines at the start of the January transfer window. And many expected the Portugal international to move to United, especially given their need for a No 9. Initially, he seemed to be Ten Hag’s main target. But given the finances involved in any potential loan, Weghorst arrived instead. Had a deal materialised, Felix would potentially have been used in a false nine position. Antony and Marcus Rashford would then have gone on either side.