Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho is considering whether to play for Spain over Argentina, according to reports. It’s claimed the forward was left ‘disappointed’ after failing to make it to the World Cup in Qatar with La Albiceleste. And it seems he could be about to play for Luis de la Fuente, rather than Lionel Scaloni at international level. Manchester United gave Garnacho his debut at the end of last season, with Ralf Rangnick introducing the player in a 1-1 draw with Chelsea at Old Trafford. And the forward has since proceeded to become a key player over at Old Trafford, with Erik ten Hag impressed by the youngster. Now, The Mirror say Garnacho is considering a U-turn when it comes to his allegiances at international level. The 18-year-old, who scored in last weekend’s 2-0 victory over Leeds at Elland Road, previously played three times for Spain Under 18s. He then decided to join the Argentina Under 20 squad and was invited to train with the seniors around a year ago. Garnacho didn’t play for Argentina during that international break, however, meaning the teenager is still able to perform a switch. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford The United star was left ‘disappointed’ after Argentina overlooked him for the recent World Cup in Qatar, with Thiago Almada going to the Middle East instead. And, as a result, he’s now started a conversation with Spain officials. They've been impressed with his performances this term and watched the attacker in Thursday’s stirring 2-2 Europa League draw with Barcelona. They’re ready to give the forward instant caps, something Argentina are yet to do. And it’s possible Garnacho may even be able to play for Spain in upcoming Euro 2024 qualifiers against the likes of Norway and Scotland. Spain are building for the future having failed to make it to the quarter-finals of the recent World Cup. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And Enrique plans to have Garnacho, Gavi and Pedri at the forefront of his operation as he targets trophies in the future. United, for their part, ‘won’t influence Garnacho one way or another’. However, the report does say it would be a ‘less complicated scenario’ if the teenager chose to play for Spain, instead of Argentina. United already have five South American stars on their books in Casemiro, Fred, Antony, Lisandro Martinez and Facundo Pellistri. Due to that involving ‘considerably more travel than European based stars’, the Red Devils wouldn’t oppose any change of allegiances. And what Garnacho ultimately decides remains to be seen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, though the United youngster has impressed, Louis Saha thinks he may struggle for game time when Christian Eriksen returns to action - despite the pair playing in different positions. “Alejandro Garnacho is a very exciting player," said the retired striker. "He has shown this season that he can be an impact player but at the same time, he can improve and be a starter. “He has to learn a bit of tactical awareness and how to get the goals and assists. “He will have to wait a bit because the team is full of quality. Going forward, there are a lot of players who can create and score goals. “It’s not like United of a few years ago where there was a young Rashford and others where the quality wasn’t of the highest level. “That’s not the case anymore and he [Garnacho] will need to learn and not expect to play every weekend. “At the moment, I don’t see him getting into the starting lineup. “When Christian Eriksen and Casemiro are back fit, there are some quality international players on the bench and he’s only 18 years old. So, he can’t have guarantees – it's not a small club here. “If he thinks he deserves to play because of his talent, he’s wrong. Talent is not enough. Enough means that every time you play, you score or assist. “He can't expect anything right now. He’s only scored a few goals – which is good – but that’s nowhere near enough asking to be involved every week.”