Manchester United were ready to sign Josip Juranovic from Celtic in January prior to Aaron Wan-Bissaka's drastic return to form which altered Erik ten Hag's transfer plans. The former Crystal Palace right-back looked certain to depart this winter but fitness problems for Diogo Dalot opened the door for the £50million 2019 summer signing, who has not looked back since being reinstated into the starting XI. Wan-Bissaka has been one of United's most consistent players since the return of club football as the Red Devils made huge strides in the Premier League before booking their place in the Carabao Cup final. Wolves, West Ham and Crystal Palace had all been keen on signing the tough-tackling defender last month but United eventually blocked his departure. Now Fabrizio Romano has revealed United were prepared to strike a deal for Croatian international Juranovic, who was 'top of their shortlist'. But United's plans quickly changed as the Hoops full-back eventually moved onto Union Berlin in a £10million deal. READ MORE: Man Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer  The Bundesliga's surprise package paid the Scottish giants an initial £7.5m plus £2.5m in add-ons to secure the services of one of the World Cup's standout defenders. Barcelona, Chelsea, Monza and Torino were all linked with Juranovic in the January window prior to his move to Germany. United had also briefly looked at other options including Kyle Walker-Peters, Denzel Dumfries and Jeremie Frimpong of Bayer Leverkusen. There had also been speculation linking them with Wolves' Nelson Semedo but in the end, Ten Hag stuck to his guns and persisted with his current options. DON'T MISSChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer Wan-Bissaka will have his work cut out trying to keep the shirt when Dalot returns from a muscle injury in the coming weeks. The Portugal international took the shirt from his friendly rival last season following the appointment of interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Unfortunately for Wan-Bissaka, Dalot did not look back as he elevated his game to the next level - something he has built upon this season. The former Porto man was even starting ahead of Joao Cancelo at the World Cup in Qatar for his national side, pointing towards his excellent form at club level. Although United would have ideally liked to have done more business in the January transfer market, the club were operating with a limited budget. That's why all three of their winter recruits were loan signings in the form of Jack Butland, Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer. It was Bayern Munich midfielder Sabitzer that arrived on transfer deadline day in a deal that was completed within just a matter of hours. Injury to Christian Eriksen meant United needed to act in the transfer market to avoid leaving themselves light on the ground in the middle of the park.