A Muslim community leader said his mosque received a disgusting letter saying "sorry that more Muslims didn’t die" in the earthquakes affecting Turkey and Syria which have so far killed over 42,000. Erkin Gurney, chairman of Shacklewell Lane Mosque in Hackney, London, said he was left "without words" after the "disturbing" letter came in through the post. When reading the letter, Mr Gurney initially thought it was a sympathetic letter as the first line reads: "This heartfelt letter is to express my sincerest sorrow about the events in Turkey and Syria." But he soon realised it was filled with hate. It continues: "I wish to make it clear that it is not heartfelt sorrow that I feel that thousands of people died. I’m only sincerely sorry that more Muslims didn’t die." Further down the letter, the author wrote the death toll was "nowhere near enough" and said they had hoped at least two million people had died "at the very minimum". "As a Muslim and as a Turkish Cypriot, I can only pray for the person who sent it, because they need help," Mr Gurnsey told MyLondon. READ MORE: Nicola's family plea for end to 'appalling' speculation over her life More than seven million children have been affected by the earthquake and its aftershock last week, according to the United Nations. UNICEF fears thousands more than the current figure have been killed as the amount increases daily. "My stomach turns and at the same time, I feel pity for this person because the people who have taught him to be this way saddens me," the community leader said. Mr Gurnsey said he thinks the person "obviously has mental health conditions" and claimed the sadistic wish is a "hate crime". He said he is sending the hate crime to the police. Don't miss...Woman laughs and walks away as dog attacks walkers in park [LATEST]Nicola Bulley speculation 'out of control’ after police release claims [LATEST]Three UFOs shot down by US were not linked to Chinese spy balloons [LATEST]   He added: "I don’t really know what else to say. I’m without words. I’m praying for them. They need help. I can’t believe the contents of this letter and that it was posted at a time when we are trying to help people who have lost their children, their mums, their dads…families." The same day, another Turkish mosque in Stoke Newington received a similar letter. A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said: "On 15 February, police received a report of a letter sent to two mosques in Hackney containing racist and Islamaphobic language. "Enquiries are ongoing. There has been no arrest."   