Spanish police searching for Levi Davis have admitted for the first time they do not think the missing X Factor and rugby star went missing "voluntarily". The 24-year-old has not been seen since he went missing in Barcelona in October last year. He was last seen on CCTV leaving an Irish pub just hours after arriving in the capital by boat following a trip to Ibiza. Following his disappearance, Levi's passport was found at a Barcelona port. It was reported earlier on Tuesday that the case has been handed to a specialist crime unit in Barcelona for further investigation. READ MORE:Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long'  In a new statement, a spokesperson for Catalan Police said that there is "no logical explanation" for Levi's disappearance. They said, as reported by The Mirror: "With the information at our disposal, it doesn’t appear that this person has gone missing voluntarily and doesn’t want to be found.  “We’re dealing with an adult male whose disappearance doesn’t have a logical explanation and which we’re therefore treating as disturbing. “It doesn’t necessarily mean he’s been the victim of a crime and it’s important to clarify that the group that’s now investigating this person’s disappearance is not a murder squad or homicide unit because that would mean there is a probability or certainty he is dead."  The spokesperson added that the special investigative unit is "specialised in dealing with disappearances that could be criminal and have been categorised that way because of their disturbing nature as well as the amount of time which has passed". Levi is an English rugby union player who played as a winger for Worthing Rangers. He took part in The X Factor: Celebrity in 2019 as part of the group Try Star, along with fellow rugby union players Thom Evans and Ben Foden. After finishing fifth in the competition, Levi signed a record deal and released his first single in September 2022. DON'T MISSVernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlash[INSIGHT]James Martin 'put off weddings for life' as host sacrificed family[NEWS]Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house[LATEST] He was due to release his second single in November. Both Thom Evans and Ben Foden have shared desperate pleas for information about his whereabouts. Thom shared on Instagram in November: "I’m very worried about the whereabouts of my friend. "If anyone knows anything please contact the information below."  Ben Foden also told The Sun: "I’m extremely concerned for Levi’s safety and well-being. "He’s a kindhearted, talented soul who I’m proud to call a friend. "He’s bravely shared with the public his personal struggles with his sexuality and mental health and right now it’s important he knows how loved he is and the support he has available." Levi came out as bisexual in September 2020, the first professional rugby union player to do so while still playing. Anyone with information about Levi's whereabouts is asked to email findlevidavis@gmail.com. 