Nicola Bulley was suffering from "brain fog and restless sleep" before she went missing, her family has confirmed in a new statement. They explained Nicola was experiencing these "significant side effects" while taking HRT to treat her perimenopause. They also stressed the "focus has to be on finding her" rather than throwing forward "wild theories" about her personal life. On Wednesday, police called Ms Bulley "vulnerable" and classed her as a "high-risk" missing person, saying she had "some significant issues with alcohol" in the past. In their statement, the family said: "It has now been three weeks since Nikki went missing. We, as a family, believe that the public focus has become distracted from finding Nikki, and more about speculation and rumours into her and Paul's private life. "As a family, we were aware beforehand that Lancashire Police, last night, released a statement with some personal details about our Nikki. "Although we know that Nikki would not have wanted this, there are people out there speculating and threatening to sell stories about her. This is appalling and needs to stop. "The police know the truth about Nikki and now the public need to focus on finding her."  This latest development comes as: The family's statement explained that due to the peri-menopause Ms Bulley suffered with "significant side effects", including brain fog and restless sleep. She was taking HRT to help, but this was giving her "intense headaches" which caused her to stop taking it, thinking that "may have helped her" but "only ended up causing this crisis". The statement continued: "The public focus has to be on finding her and not making up wild theories about her personal life. "Despite what some media outlets and individuals are suggesting, we are being updated daily and receive support from our family liaison officers. "Nikki is such a wonderful daughter, sister, partner and mother and is missed dearly - we all need you back in our lives. "Nikki, we hope you are reading this and know that we love you so much and your girls want a cuddle. We all need you home. You can reach out to us, or you can contact MissingPeople.org.uk. Don't be scared, we all love you so very much." READ ABOUT A SIGNIFICANT TEXT SENT BEFORE NICOLA WENT MISSING  Lancashire Police yesterday claimed Nicola's "issues with alcohol" were brought on because of her menopause, prompting a huge backlash. The force said these struggles had "resurfaced over recent months" and had caused some "real challenges" for her partner Paul Ansell and the family. It also said they had attended Nicola's home a week before she went missing on January 27 because of her alcohol issues. The force said: "A response car staffed by both police and health professionals attended a report of concern for welfare at Nicola’s home address on January 10." It added "no one has been arrested in relation to this incident, but it is being investigated." DON'T MISS: Expert 'changes mind' about Nicola Bulley theory after new information [LATEST] Woman laughs and walks away as dog attacks walkers in park [REVEALED] Woke university brands phrase 'Christian name’ offensive [REPORT]  Lancashire Police has been strongly condemned by MPs for revealing details of Ms Bulley's personal life. Conservative MP Alicia Kearns, who chairs the Foreign Affairs Committee, said on Twitter: "I am deeply uncomfortable with the police releasing Nicola Bulley's so-called 'vulnerabilities' on menopause and alcohol. "I struggle to ascertain how this will assist police in their search & investigations. I do see how it would assist those wishing to victim-blame or diminish." Labour's Stella Creasy said: "The decision to disclose this level of detail on a missing person's private life, with no evidence that this is assisting in finding her, is deeply troubling. "The police need to be much clearer as to why any of this helps find Nicola Bulley or support this investigation." Broadcaster Fern Britton wrote in a tweet: "I am uncomfortable with the latest news suggesting that Nicola Bulley has an issue with alcohol and menopause. The undertone is that she maybe ‘a bit unstable’ or perhaps even ‘not in her right mind.’ Too easy to write a woman off like this. What lies behind it?"  Lancashire Police has referred itself to the police watchdog over contact the force had with missing Ms Bulley prior to her disappearance. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said they were assessing the information to determine whether an investigation would be necessary over the contact officers had with the missing mother-of-two on January 10.    Confirming a referral had been made, a spokesman for the IOPC said: "This afternoon we received a referral from Lancashire Constabulary regarding contact the force had with Nicola Bulley on January 10, prior to her disappearance. We are assessing the available information to determine whether an investigation into that contact may be required and if so, who should conduct that investigation." Home Secretary Suella Braverman is reportedly "concerned" over Lancashire Constabulary's decision, according to the Daily Mail.  Speaking to broadcasters earlier today, Home Office minister Robert Jenrick described the force's comments as "unusual", but said it would not be right for him to speculate on why they were made. A Home Office spokesperson said: "Our thoughts are with Nicola Bulley’s family at this incredibly difficult time. The Home Secretary and Policing Minister are receiving regular updates from Lancashire Police on its handling of this case, including why personal details about Nicola was briefed out at this stage of the investigation."  Conservative police and crime commissioner for Lancashire, Andrew Snowden, said the force is being as transparent as it can be after Wednesday's press conference. Zoë Billingham, the chairwoman of an NHS mental health trust and former Inspector of HM Constabulary, told the BBC the Constabulary's comments stopped her in her tracks. She asked: "Why on earth was this information even vaguely relevant to an investigation that's 20 days on? If there are issues relating to Nicola that needed to be put in the public domain, why wasn't this done earlier? And why was such personal information, such potentially sensitive information, disclosed?" Ms Billingham said there was a need to consider what message the move sends to women, adding: "What confidence will women have about reporting their mum or sister to police as missing if there is this fear that very deeply personal information is going to be put into the public domain for no apparent reason?"  Friends of Ms Bulley were left furious by the police's move with pal Nadia Fell calling the police "bang out of order" in a Facebook post. She added: "I'm absolutely furious." Fellow friend, Ann Hodge, expressed her "frustration", commenting: "Couldn't agree more." Ex-police officer Mark Williams-Thomas, who helped to expose Jimmy Savile's crimes, criticised the police on Twitter, saying if officers had dealt with the high-risk status at the start it would have led to "less confusion, public hysteria and media involvement". He added it would have "led to less damage" for the family, who he said were now in a terrible place after the police's move on Wednesday. Mr Williams-Thomas told MailOnline: "The family are now in turmoil. The last 24 hours have been horrific because the police decided yesterday to release that she was a high-risk missing person. Their performance yesterday was shocking. "Not only in the fact that [they said] she was a high-risk missing person in the press conference and then refused to explain what that was about. How did they think that they could release a piece of information like that and journalists and investigators weren't going to say, what are you talking about?"     Psychotherapist Lucy Beresford told GB News she felt extremely uncomfortable the information had been made public. She said: "I'm fully in agreement that dive teams might have needed to know that or other members who were involved in the search, and there are certain ways in which a police force could have encouraged members of the public if they lived in the area to check their garden shed without necessarily releasing this extra information which is incredibly personal. It should be medically confidential. "And I was uncomfortable about the way in which a woman having the menopause was some how decided as being a vulnerability. Now of course every single woman on the planet is going to go through the menopause. Not every woman will suffer any symptoms of it, that's for sure. But the idea somehow that this is something that could be stigmatised - it's a very common thing to find that people do look down on women who are going through the menopause. It's often treated as the butt of a joke or worse...at the same time you do not expect that information to be leaked to the national press." The force continues to prioritise the theory Ms Bulley fell in the water, though officers are said to remain "open-minded" about her disappearance. Assistant Chief Constable Peter Lawson confirmed in a press conference his officers had visited more than 300 premises and spoken to 300 people and had more than 1,500 pieces of information into the enquiry.  Extensive searches have been carried out on the River Wyre with officers searching as far as the sea, according to the police. Senior investigating officer Det Supt Rebecca Smith said on Wednesday: "As any senior investigating officer does, you form a number of hypotheses, that is scenarios which are possible from the information to hand. "Those hypotheses included the one that she possibly could have gone into the river, that there could have been third-party involvement, and lastly, that she could have left the area voluntarily." The force said there was no evidence to suggest any crime has been committed or there was any third-party involvement.  Meanwhile, Mr and Mrs Bulley left a yellow ribbon tied to the bridge over the River Wyre. Among other ribbons left by friends and well-wishers, the message from Ms Bulley's parents read: "We pray every day for you. Love you, Mum + Dad XXX". A second ribbon, believed to be from Ms Bulley's sister, Louise Cunningham, simply read: "Nikki please come home. I love you. Lou XXX". Anyone with information which could help the investigation should call on 101 quoting log 0565 of January 30. For immediate sightings call 999. 