Chris Eubank Jr’s promoter Kalle Sauerland says Liam Smith landed an elbow ‘clear as day’ during one of the finishing sequences of the domestic grudge match last month. Next Gen’s team are currently considering an appeal to the British Boxing Board of Control about the alleged elbow. Smith knocked out Eubank Jr in the fourth round of their middleweight contest, much to the surprise of boxing fans around the world. Eubank Jr has long been hailed for his granite chin and had never touched the canvas as a pro, let alone been stopped. The Brighton boxer put the loss down to a ‘once-in-a-lifetime-punch’ from his adversary but is now claiming the damage came from an elbow and Sauerland is in unanimous agreement. “We are still considering the situation regarding use of the elbows,” he told Sky Sports. “That’s not sour grapes because really you appeal for a rematch. We don’t need to appeal for a rematch. We have a rematch if we want to use a rematch clause if that’s the best option for Junior, which we are still assessing. “However to the critics you need to go to Specsavers if you can’t see elbows in the combination. That’s not a criticism of Liam Smith. It was in a flurry of punches. To miss and catch someone with an elbow, which is what happened, that’s as clear as day and night and I challenge anyone to show me that an elbow didn’t land. “But that’s not to take anything away from Liam. It was a great victory for him and it was his night. That’s nothing to do with trying to have sour grapes here. It’s just that we represent Chris Eubank Jr. The fact that an elbow landed, I don’t think anyone can question.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul taking 'risk' as back-up ready to 'KO him' if Fury bout collapses Fans express disgust at record-breaking Mayweather vs Chalmers PPV fee Eubank Jr to take 'elbow' appeal further ahead of Smith rematch Eubank Jr is expected to exercise the rematch clause in his contract with Smith although Sauerland suggests it is in not a given at this stage. They have roughly two more weeks to submit their official decision before the contractual deadline. If the second clash isn’t made then fights with either Kell Brook or Gennady Golovkin have been teased by BOXXER chief Ben Shalom. Eubank Jr could also move back up to super middleweight if he doesn’t pursue the rematch next with some putting the emphatic defeat down to him being so tight at the 160lb limit.      