Prince Harry is allowing fans to ask questions in an "intimate" livestream to promote "Spare" – but strict rules apply. The event, which will be held almost two months after the memoir's release, will be held virtually. Prince Harry is set to sit down with Dr Gabor Maté to discuss the importance of healing and living life after having experienced a loss. Dr Maté is a bestselling author and renowned speaker. The event will take place on March 4, with fans able to submit questions to ask the 38-year-old. The terms and conditions state: "Ticket holders will be viewing a live conversation; however, there will be no live audience participation. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: King and Queen to sideline Harry and Meghan in Coronation humiliation "Chat will be disabled and any question pre-submitted and chosen to be asked live will be read by the moderator." It also states that it is a "live virtual event only" and that "no recording will be shared with attendees and recording or sharing of the event is strictly prohibited". Anyone who breaks the rules may be "prevented from registering for Penguin Random House events in the future". Harry began his memoir by discussing the moment he found out about the tragic death of his late mother, Princess Diana. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry will 'regret' not going to Coronation despite 'tension' with Royal Family Harry was just 12, and Prince William just 15, when Diana died in a car crash in August 1997. Harry recalls the moment his father, King Charles III, told him that his mother had been involved in a car crash, before telling him that she had died from her horrific injuries. Describing his late mother as his "guardian angel", Harry used his book to describe how difficult it was to deal with the aftermath of her death and to come to terms with his loss. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] In a US interview to promote Spare, Harry told Anderson Cooper that "for a long time" after her death, he had "refused to accept that she was— she was gone". Harry also opened up about the miscarriage that Meghan Markle had experienced during the summer of 2020, just one year after welcoming their son Archie. Tickets for UK customers will cost £17, with a £2.12 fee added on top. Tickets include a copy of Spare. Tickets are available here.