F1 world title rivals Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen have been warned about two rivals who could mount a challenge this season. Ferrari drivers Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz have been tipped to be title contenders if their car can match the pace of Mercedes and Red Bull.  Former F1 star Felipe Massa, who spent eight seasons with Ferrari between 2006 and 2013, believes that the current duo of Leclerc and Sainz can mount a challenge for the world championship this season. He told Gazzetta dello Sport: "I really like them. "Leclerc and Sainz are title contenders. Ferrari's problem is certainly not the drivers. Charles has shown that he knows how to win with the car up to the mark. "Last year he paid the price, as did the whole team, after a start in the championship that had him leading the standings and then they lost all the advantage in a few races." Last year Leclerc led the early world championship standings winning two of the opening three rounds in Bahrain and Australia.  READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen get fresh title boost as Ferrari boss rubbishes rumours   However, Leclerc's championship bid started to unravel at the Spanish Grand Prix when despite qualifying on pole the Monegasque driver was forced to retire his Ferrari with engine issues. A fourth place finish at Monaco kept Leclerc in the title battle just nine points behind Verstappen going into the eighth round in Azerbaijian. Once again Leclerc's car let him down forcing him out of the race with power unit issues as Verstappen stormed to his second world title. Despite the renewed optimism heading into a new season, starting on March 5, there could be a power struggle within Ferrari this season with Spanish driver Sainz promised exactly the same set-up as his team-mate. DON'T MISS:  New Ferrari boss Frederic Vasseur claims that he will "take action" if required to stop the team-mates battling on the track. He said: “We have two very good drivers who are both able to do the job. We will have the capacity to provide them exactly the same car and structure and support. "The target is to win for Ferrari. There will be no number one or two. But if at one stage I have to take action, I will take action. It doesn't matter if it is one or the other, if at one stage of the season, I have to do something, I will do it." 