Sophie Wessex, who is married to the late Queen's youngest son Prince Edward, showed off her clay pigeon shooting skills as she headed to the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst with the rest of the soldiers who were participating in an annual competiition held in her honour. Sophie holds honourary military appointments with the regiments and organisations and also holds a number of honourary titles. Sophie, who is often praised for her amazing work within the Royal Family, stepped away from the natural glamour of being a royal and was spotted dressed for the task ahead. Paired with a navy scarf, the 58-year-old wore a pair of khaki skinny jeans, brown boots and a camo parka jacket. During her visit on the brisk February morning, Sophie was able to take part in some of the active challenges that forms part of The Countess of Wessex Cup and met with the units' commanders and members. Sophie appeared relaxed as she stood and spoke to some of the commanders on site. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'have blown it all' after Duke's quest for 'vengeance' against William The mother-of-two was all smiles and, as usual, was spotted getting stuck in during the active royal engagement. Sophie currently holds titles such as the Royal Honorary of the Colonel 5th Battalion The Rifles (5 Rifles), Colonel-in-Chief of the Corps of Army Music and Colonel-in-Chief of Queen Alexandra’s Royal Army Nursing Corps. She is also the Colonel-in-Chief of The Lincoln and Welland Regiment. In 1999, following her royal wedding, Sophie has been styled as Her Royal Highness The Countess of Wessex, Since March 2019, the 58-year-old has been known in Scotland as Her Royal Highness The Countess of Forfar. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Charles warned Harry and Meghan Coronation plan is 'rife with problems' The Wessex Cup, which is also known more formally as The Countess of Wessex Cup, allows members from Sophie’s honourary military patronages to compete against each other in various challenges and takes place each year. Last week Sophie was captured feeding a young calf milk during a visit to Smerrill Dairy, which is located on the Bathurst Estate, in Cirencester. She was warmly welcomed at the farm and shown around the stalls were the cows were feeding, as well as the farm machinery and tractors on location. Royal Agricultural University students were also in attendance as the royal paid a visit. DON'T MISS Sophie shares two teenage children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn, with Prince Edward, who she married in 1999. Upon welcoming their children, who are the two youngest grandchildren of the late monarch, the couple chose to keep Lady Louise and James out of the spotlight, in order for the pair to live as normal of a life as possible Speaking previously, exclusively to Express.co.uk, American royal commentator Lee Cohen described Sophie as a "very good and valued member of the Royal Family", praising her "empathy and warmth". Making note of Sophie's background in PR, he added that her previous knowledge is "very useful", adding that she's skilled in "relationships and messaging".