The undeniable highlight of his tenure was being among the first to alert the world to the horrors of Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine, and then going on to rally the response from the West. While he might have struggled with Prosecco, he had Vladimir Putin’s number from the very beginning and helped ensure vital military kit was promptly despatched to the front.  As a result, while this former prime minister and first lord of the Treasury might struggle to raise a smile in Keighley, he’d be mobbed in Kyiv. Be in no doubt: without Johnson’s far-sightedness and ceaseless gentle hustling of other world leaders, Putin’s tanks would have rumbled across most of Ukraine many months ago, and his renewed attention to the conflict comes at just the right time. Of course, being in the spotlight is also not doing him any harm as the Conservative party continues to be its very own worst enemy and slumps in the polls. But his plea to supply fighter jets to Ukraine, as President Volodymyr Zelensky has requested, surely makes sense. While many military experts were quick to support the stance, understandably some expressed fears of escalation. They argued that aside from Nato forces actually setting foot on Ukrainian soil, there was nothing as inflammatory as shipping in fighter jets. And guess what – they’re right. But what real alternative is there? If soaring energy costs are to be tackled here in Britain (and they absolutely must) this conflict has to be brought to a close. Anyone who thinks Putin is going to concede or even negotiate rationally has not been following this gruesome conflict closely enough. This time last year he was giving assurance after assurance that there would be no invasion. But in truth, he was waiting for his forces to amass and for the right weather before authorising this illegal advance.  This is a world leader who has sanctioned the bombing of maternity hospitals, schools and apartment blocks as legitimate acts of war. In the name of “Mother Russia” he leads an army whose soldiers use rape and execution as a means of subjugating and intimidating the local population. Prisoners are executed and left to rot on the streets, to be eaten by dogs and rats, as Boris Johnson reported last month. The only way Putin will exit this awful confrontation is on the run to a “friendly” host nation, or in a wooden box. All of which means the jets are, regrettably, the necessary next step. After much dithering, Germany finally agreed to send tanks to the Ukrainian army, bringing the tally of Western tanks to about 130, or enough to form what is called a brigade. Experts say that should be sufficient to hold back the Russian push, widely expected next month. But, for a proper offensive to drive Russia back across the border, air cover is crucial. The British-made and supplied Stormer air defence system has kept Russian aircraft grounded as they know they’d be little more than target practice. So now is the moment to push on. As Colonel Hamish de Bretton Gordon, a former commander of the British 1st Royal Tank Regiment who saw action in the Gulf said: “Tanks have been decisive on the battlefield for more than 100 years, but only if supported by infantry, artillery and air power.” Here’s a little of what Mr Johnson said in the US last week: “Experience teaches us that when it comes to it, we finally decide to let the Ukrainians have what they need to defend themselves. And so my argument is – if that is where we’re going to end up in our ratiocination (reasoning) then let’s do it now – let’s stop the delay and end this war as fast as possible.” Or, as Johnson’s great hero Winston Churchill might have put it: “Give them the tools and let them finish the job.”  Loved the picture above and accompanying caption from Conservative MP Jake Berry who picked up on the turnout of striking staff to man picket lines in Westminster. The former Conservative Party chairman (agreed, there’s no shortage of those!) joked: “I haven’t seen this many civil servants in Westminster since the start of the pandemic. “Just a shame they’ve only come in to stand on a picket line. Back to working from home tomorrow.” Let’s hope some of the Whitehall staff, who appear to be such delicate flowers on some occasions, don’t race off to HR. Mind you, that would probably necessitate them coming into the office to file a complaint of hurt feelings.  At first sight, the dire warning from the International Monetary Fund that growth in our economy over the next 12 months will be significantly lower than any other developed nation might give considerable cause for concern. However, close scrutiny of this organisation’s track record might help restore some calm. It famously derided the austerity measures brought in by former chancellor George Osborne and said he was “playing with fire”. Some years later it issued a fulsome apology with the then managing director Christine Lagarde admitting: “We got it wrong.” They were wrong again prior to lockdown when they said the UK’s economy would grow by 1.4 percent. In fact, it shrunk by 10 percent. And their prediction for growth in 2022 was off the mark as well. When this supposed “economic powerhouse” starts to get its sums right, then we should sit up and listen. Fascinating news that the dodo, a Mauritian bird last seen in the 17th century, could be brought back to a semblance of life thanks to advanced gene-editing techniques. Apparently, the whole process is being watched very closely by Nadhim Zahawi. And Priti Patel. And Liz Truss. And Gavin Williamson...  As they swapped classrooms for picket lines, teachers and the union leading them (National Education Union) were at pains to point out that the “best interests” of our children and their pupils was their overriding priority. If this is the case, how come many of them left their schools the night before the strike, refusing to say whether or not they would be turning up to work the next day? As many headteachers pointed out, that made it nigh on impossible to plan properly for pupils the following day as they had no idea how many staff would be available. This would not be allowed in France nor Germany and if, as is reported, PM Rishi Sunak is looking to rush in legislation to outlaw this practice it deserves full support. After all, that would be in the “best interests” of the children, wouldn’t it? The scandalous closure of banks across the nation continues at a pace. And as villages and towns across the land are left with just one, or more often no banks on their high streets, they bleat that the action is necessary to save costs. Over the years these cumulative savings must be enormous. So how come they are never passed on to us, the customers, in cheaper loans or less exorbitant costs to run our accounts? With Valentine’s Day coming up, let’s feature an appropriate wine and so it’s time to say it with a rose. The Extra Special Cotes de Provence Rose is a delightfully crisp wineto share with someone you love. It’s £9 at Asda. 