Cruise ships often have a range of decks and each one may have its own activities. From the pool deck to the casino, cruise guests have plenty to entertain them on sea days. However, according to a few cruise guests, there’s one area that passengers might want to steer clear of. A passenger asked on Reddit: “Why are so many incidents on cruise ships associated with the hot tubs?” Although fighting on cruise ships isn’t that common, several incidents have gone viral on social media. Another passenger said: “Hot tubs on ships are nearly always crowded. Normal person walks up to a hot tub, sees it’s full, goes and does something else. READ MORE: Millions of Britons may avoid Spain holidays if tourist tax is imposed “Terrible person walks up to a hot tub, sees it’s full, forces their way in making everyone move, sets up camp there. “Only occasionally pausing their hot tub enjoyment to scream at a random person for more alcohol. “Over time, the distribution of folks in hot tub trends towards this drunken inconsiderate mess, as most reasonable people are either really good at ignoring it, or have long ago given up on making it into the hot tub any time soon.” Hot tubs on cruise ships can get very crowded, particularly on sea days when everyone’s onboard. Although there are often thousands of passengers onboard, most cruise ships will only have regular sized hot tubs. This means guests may be disappointed if they’re hoping to enjoy a peaceful time in the ship’s hot tub. The best time to use the spa area on a cruise is usually early in the morning or later on when the majority of guests are at dinner. Another guest warned: “Drinking in a hot tub sends the booze to your head really, really fast.” READ MORE: Expats explain how life in the USA is ‘odd’ If guests are drinking a lot of alcohol, they could become dehydrated more quickly if they’re using a hot tub. This is due to the hot temperature so guests should make sure to drink plenty of water and avoid the tub if they’ve had a lot to drink. Some cruise lines won’t allow passengers to drink in the hot tubs to lower the risk of a potential accident. Passengers have also complained that cruise ships don’t have enough hot tubs for the number of guests. A guest said: ”Only three hot tubs is not enough. I always complain on the survey about the lack of hot tubs.” Although guests might not be able to enjoy panoramic views, hot tubs in an indoor spa area may be quieter. The tubs that are most in demand are usually the ones closest to the swimming pool or near the bar. If guests are desperate to enjoy a private hot tub experience, they could stay on the ship on a port day.