Arguably the greatest left-handed player to ever play golf, Phil Mickelson is one of the biggest characters in the sport. Nicknamed 'Lefty', the San Diego native has won 45 events on the PGA Tour, including six Majors, three Masters titles, two PGA Championships, and one Open Championship. His name has become a byword for longevity, with the famous left-hander spending 25 years in golf's top 50. And despite still being active on the PGA Tour, Mickelson was inducted into Golf's Hall of Fame in 2012. The 52-year-old has won three of the four Majors and took his tally to six overall with a shock victory in the 2021 PGA Championship at Kiawah Island. Aged 50, that triumph made him the oldest Major winner in history. The previous oldest Major champion was Julius Boros - 48 years, four months and 18 days - and that record had stood since 1968. Mickelson had gone into the event as an unconsidered 300/1 shot. But he produced some strong driving, brilliant iron play and some typical short-game magic to emerge as a hugely popular two-shot winner. For many years, Mickelson carried the mantle of 'nearly-man', having been near the top for so long without winning a Major. He finally ended that with victory in the 2004 Masters. Only the US Open has eluded the Californian and he's finished runner-up an agonising six times. His illustrious career will be put under the spotlight when Netflix's new golf series Full Swing airs on February 15. The fly-on-the-wall docuseries will lift the lid on an explosive year of drama on the PGA Tour amid the emergence of LIV Golf. Rory McIlroy is shown mocking LIV rebel Mickelson in the series - after admitting he had got "too personal" in golf’s civil war, that ignited in 2022 due to the emergence of the Saudi-backed tour. McIlroy is reportedly shown mocking Mickelson in the final episode, titled 'Everything Has Led To This'. McIlroy is reportedly told that Buffalo Bills quarterback Josh Allen is a massive PGA Tour fan. "Yeah, but he's a Phil Mickelson fan so I don't know," says the Northern Ireland golfer, before another voice says: "Sounds like the guy is losing credibility". McIlroy is then heard laughing as he yells: "F*** you, Phil. I hope that makes it in!" With an estimated net worth in excess of £330m ($400m), Mickelson is among the wealthiest golfers in the world. He has banked over £75m ($90m) in prize money, which puts him second only to Tiger Woods on the PGA Tour's Career Money Leaders list. And with such wealth at his feet, Mickelson takes great pride in spending it, too. Like rival Woods, Mickelson has a love of cars. One of the many motors he's been seen in is the classy Bentley Continental GT - worth £160,000 ($193,000). Another is the more pricey Aston Martin Vanquish that has a horse power of 595 and top speed of 201 mph and would have set him back around £200,000 ($240,000). Then there's his customised 48-volt EV EZGO golf cart that's the envy of the PGA Tour, that cost over £10,000 ($12,000). As an avid collector of wine, you can only imagine the vintages found in Mickelson's cellar. After all, this is a man who once poured a bottle of 1990 Romanee Conti into the Claret Jug he won after his Open triumph in 2013 - that he carried around with him everywhere he went and used it as a jug.   In an interview with The Scotsman, he joked: "I’ve loved having the Jug with me for the last 12 months. The people who know and love the game get a big kick out of it. They really appreciate what it means to hold such a famous trophy. And drink out of it." When quizzed about what he drank from it, he replied: "I only let them drink the good stuff, of course." Like some of his other golfer friends, Mickelson owns a luxurious private jet. But despite having a pilot’s license, the athlete does not fly it. Mickelson’s father, Phil Sr, is a former Navy pilot who eventually became a commercial airline pilot. Unlike his father, though, Mickelson had no plans to join the Navy. Being rich and having everything you want, can also lead to extortionate hobbies - and this is where Mickelson is different to the rest of the sporting world. He collects dinosaur skulls and has a T-Rex head that was gifted to him as a birthday present. And that's not all. Another of his prized possessions are his meteorites - with one a present from his wife, Amy. Phil shares three children with Amy, a former professional cheerleader, daughters, Amanda, 23, and Sophia, 21, and son, Evan, 19. In 2018, the couple celebrated their eighteenth wedding anniversary. Phil penned a heartfelt message on his social media page. He wrote: "I am so appreciative to have Amy as my partner in life. Her grace, charm, kindness, laugh, smile, and brilliance have made me the luckiest man in the world. Thank you, my love, for sharing our lives together."