ITV viewers were in for a shock last year when Matt Hancock entered the jungle on I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!. Meanwhile, Ant and Dec, having had the country laughing with their quips to the MP, have shed light on the "difficult" situation behind the scenes, as "we were all affected by decisions" the former Health Secretary made during the pandemic. Hancock was a health secretary for nearly three years, but resigned in June 2021 after it emerged he had broken his own Covid guidance by kissing and embracing his aide, and now girlfriend, Gina Coladangelo in his office. On the back of this, the MP decided to enter the jungle, surprising viewers around the country, as well as presenters Ant and Dec. When asked how they really felt about the MP when they first met him, Dec said to the Huffington Post: "I think it’s very difficult not to [feel that way]. "We were all affected by decisions that he made and situations he created, so it was very, very difficult. READ MORE: EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours "But we tried incredibly hard to be impartial and to put that to one side. And I hope we did it." Ant then added that every celeb taking on the challenge in Australia has "baggage", including Boy George, with his emphasis on treating the celebs like "campmates". He also said they are "obviously [allowed] to take the p**s mercilessly", but are making sure they stay as "fair as possible". Hancock won over the British public, coming third on the show, and has now set up his own TV company. The creation of television programming and broadcasting company Greenhazel, first reported by the Sunday People, suggests the MP hopes for more TV opportunities. He recently earned £45,000 for taking part in Channel 4's Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins. This comes as the comedy duo, Ant and Dec were criticised for their recent "cruel" prank on their Saturday Night Takeaway series. Last Saturday, Liam, a serial jokester, was pranked by his wife Amy in collaboration with the presenting duo in the most recent episode. DON'T MISS... Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [COMMENT] Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [LATEST] Saving Private Ryan's Tom Sizemore’s family told 'there's no hope' [HOLLYWOOD] Amy enlisted the comedy duo's help to get revenge on Liam with the couple having a fake baby scan, antenatal class and also a faux family photoshoot after their son Finley was born. In the scanned scene, a video played of a baby which was not Liam and Amy's, making rock star signs when the song Bohemian Rhapsody came on and also waving. The bizarre sketch also saw the child play hide and seek, leaving Liam amazed. However, many took to Twitter to share how inappropriate they found the ITV sketch. DuncanLindsay said: "Nah sorry that #SaturdayNightTakeaway skit of the parents at the scan is just a bit rank. "As someone trying for a baby for 13 years, my absolute dream is to be at a scan. You don't get more important personal experiences like that in life. Not nice. Even if you are a 'prankster.'" MrsHRobinson20 added: "Love Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway but the baby scan prank wasn't cool." HiddenBiB***h commented: "The photo soot is kinda funny, that's always redoable.(sic) "But that 4d scan being ruined makes me feel really uncomfortable. Especially knowing how easy it is for things to go wrong during a pregnancy #SaturdayNightTakeaway."