Government officials in Israel are sensationally planning to use Cristiano Ronaldo to promote the idea of normalisation between the country and Saudi Arabia after several decades of fraught relations with each other, according to reports. The 37-year-old recently moved to the Middle East to join Saudi club Al-Nassr on a lucrative two-year deal and scored his first goal for his new team from the penalty spot last weekend. Ronaldo's arrival in Saudi Arabia has brought the country's footballing scene to the world stage and it seems as though government officials in Israel are also hoping to capitalise on the Portuguese forward's popularity to bring about peace between the two nations. The idea is being discussed in Israel's ministry of foreign affairs, according to Kan 11 as reported by Bild, with prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu eager to improve relations with Saudi Arabia as a matter of priority.It is hoped that Ronaldo will be able to use his standing on social media to help move public opinion in Saudi Arabia towards normalisation with Israel, although the plan is said to be in its formative stages and there is no suggestion that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner has been consulted as of yet. He boasts an incredible tally of 554 million followers on Instagram and has promoted Israeli companies in the past, although it remains to be seen whether championing peace between two nations will prove to be a step too far for Ronaldo.Israeli journalist Gili Cohen is rather skeptical about the chances of such an initiative being successful in spite of Ronaldo's ability to transcend the sport of football as a household name across the world. She is quoted as saying: "I don't think that peace between the two countries depends on Ronaldo. There are still a few things that are more important." JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ten Hag suffers triple injury blow for Leeds showdown The two countries have never established diplomatic relations, with Saudi Arabia having refused to recognise Israel since the latter's independence in 1948. Moreover, the official policy of the Saudi government in relation to the ongoing conflict between Israel and Palestine has traditionally been more supportive of the Palestinian Arabs and against Israel.Netanyahu insisted during a visit to the United States last month that he is keen to explore 'measures to deepen the Abraham Accords and expand the circle of peace, with an emphasis on a breakthrough with Saudi [Arabia]', according to an official statement by the Israeli government.Ronaldo, meanwhile, became the highest-paid football player in the world by quite some distance when he joined Al-Nassr in December on a two-year contract worth around £177m per year, or £3.4m each week. He insisted at the time that he was excited to aid the development of Saudi football during his spell in the country, especially for young women and girls. "It's a new challenge and I'm so glad that Al-Nassr has given me this opportunity to develop, not only in football, but also for the young generations, and for women as well," said Ronaldo."Many people probably don't know, but Al-Nassr has a women's football team as well. Women's football is very competitive here. I know what I want, and I know, of course, what I don't want as well. It's a good chance to change, to help with my knowledge and my experience to grow many, many important things."I want to give a different vision of the country from the footballing perspective of everybody. This is why I took this opportunity." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.