Olly Murs spoke of his "pain" in view of his 4.3 million followers on Instagram. The singer's famous colleague and friend, Caroline Flack, died on February 15, 2020. The 38-year-old said he missed the presenter as he spoke out on the "hardest day" of his year. His words were accompanied by a black and white photo of the close pair together. The star was soon inundated with comments from celebrity friends and fans. Olly had captioned his upload: "Hardest day of the year. READ MORE: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap "3 years of pain that never goes away." The hitmaker continued: "But that smile and laughter I can still see and hear everyday!" "Miss ya Caz,"(sic) he signed off his heartbreaking update. It was soon liked 22,000 times in less than hour, with many reaching out in the comments section.  Actress Tamzin Outhwaite was one of the first to address Olly, posting three love hearts. Reality star Vicky Pattison told him: "Sending you loads of love mate." Presenter Kirsty Gallacher responded with a tearful emoji as well as a heart. While TV star Natalie Pinkham added: "Love this pic." DON'T MISSEmily Ratajkowski strips naked with Eric Andre for Valentine's Day picHarry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane MooreRicky Gervais mocks Sam Smith after BRITs appearance distracts viewers  Caroline took her own life while facing prosecution over allegedly assaulting her boyfriend. The 40-year-old shot to fame thanks to presenting roles on Love Island, The Xtra Factor and Strictly Come Dancing, which she took part in back in 2014. The anniversary of her death comes just days after her family received an apology from the Metropolitan Police for not keeping a record about why it charged her with assault. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) carried out a review after complaints from Caroline's mother. The review "did not identify any misconduct" in the Met's decision. Caroline was due to appear in court over the alleged assault of her then-boyfriend Lewis Burton in the weeks before her death. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) had recommended she receive only a caution. A Met Police spokesperson told BBC News in a statement last Sunday: "The review did not identify any misconduct but concluded that an officer should receive reflective practice. This was about the requirement to review all case material and record a balanced rationale, demonstrating objective decision making by exploring aggravating and mitigating factors, when appealing a CPS decision. "The IOPC also asked the Met to apologise to Ms Flack's family about there not being a record of the rationale to appeal the CPS decision. "We have done so and acknowledged the impact that this has had on them. "We wait to hear whether the IOPC will make any recommendations for organisational learning. "Our thoughts and sympathies remain with Ms Flack's family for their loss." If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.