Each week, bookmakers share their predictions on who they think will be the latest celebrity to leave ITV's Dancing on Ice. Over the last couple of weeks, Darren Harriott and Mollie Gallagher have been the celebrities at risk. However, it looks as if The Wanted star Siva Kaneswaran is in trouble on Sunday night after missing out on the show last week due to an illness. According to Coral's latest predictions, Siva Kaneswaran could be at risk of having to skate for his position in the skate-off. The singer is the second favourite for winning the series as a whole at 25/1 while Darren Harriott is a rank outsider at 100/1. Therefore, the latest odds represent a huge blow to his chances this week as bookies tip Siva to meet Darren in the skate-off as the two weakest skaters. Meanwhile, at the other end of the betting, Olympian Nile Wilson remains the hot favourite for glory with odds of 1/2. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain The Only Way is Essex star Joey Essex follows closely behind at 9/2 and Hollyoaks star Carley Stenson is hot on his tail at 7/1. John Hill of Coral said: "Nile Wilson bagged the first nines of the series last weekend, and after topping the leaderboard. "It has been one-way traffic for the gymnast in our Dancing on Ice outright betting." Last week, Siva missed out on the chance to skate and show off his skills after being advised by Dancing on Ice medical professionals to pull out and rest off his illness. Speaking about the decision to pull out of Sunday’s show, Siva said: “I'm gutted that I won't be performing this weekend. “I picked up a bug earlier in the week which I haven’t been able to shake so I need to rest and get myself better. “Good luck to all the contestants this weekend - I'm looking forward to watching everyone's performances!" A Dancing on Ice spokesperson said: "Due to illness Siva will not skate in this weekend's show. We look forward to welcoming him back next weekend.” DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise episode 7 will welcome back series 12 guest stars [WATCH]Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore  [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage [INSIGHT] The week before, Siva and his partner Klabera Komini dedicated their performance to Siva's father, in an emotional performance of Lionel Richie's, Three Times a Lady. The judges were left blown away by his performance with judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean all awarding him 7.5. With a total score of 30, he expressed: "Honestly, I just want to thank everyone, Dancing on Ice, everyone who has supported us. "Supported me, celebrating the memory of my dad and lastly I want to say thank you to my mum! "She raised eight of us herself, so he is my hero." Chris added: "Well, well done mum, you did good. It was simply your best skate, from the minute you did this, you had me at that point there. "The skating was so lovely and so strong, so tender and masculine at the same time, keep doing what you are doing." Will Siva be able to pull out another breathless routine after a week away from the show? Dancing on Ice airs Sunday from 6:30pm on ITV.