The Duchess of Sussex said she knew little about the Royal Family before she began dating Harry, despite her revelation, during the Sussex's infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey, that she had long shared a friendship with his cousin, Princess Eugenie. It comes as Prince Andrew's youngest daughter is reportedly considering following Harry and Meghan's footsteps and moving to the US.  In their 2021 bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, Meghan explained that her friendship with the 32-year-old princess dated back to before her relationship with Harry. She said: "Eugenie and I had known each other before I had known Harry, so that was comfortable." Referring to Eugenie's husband, Jack Brooksbank, she said: "We're friends with them as a couple." In the early days of the Sussex's relationship, they went on dates with Eugenie and her now-husband Jack and they also flew to Toronto, Canada, to visit the royal couple. Meghan and Harry also enjoyed a party with Eugenie and Jack days before the news of their relationship broke in 2016. On a talk show the same year, she told Ellen DeGeneres: "He [Harry] came to see me in Toronto and our friends and his cousin Eugenie and now her husband Jack, they came as well, and the four of us snuck out in Halloween costumes to just have one fun night on the town before it was out in the world that we were a couple. "It was a post-apocalypse theme, so we had all this very bizarre costuming on, and we were able to just have one fun final night out." It is reported that Princess Eugenie, Jack and their son, August, are eyeing a move to the US after the couple have been spotted holidaying in the states this month. READ MORE: Ellen Degeneres told Meghan Markle to get a dog and 'changed' her life Royal expert Nick Ede told Express Princess Eugenie making the move across the Atlantic would be "good for the Royal Family", as well as a good thing for Harry and Meghan. Eugenie and Jack are said to be looking at rental units in West Hollywood, Los Angeles, before taking the plunge and relocating. The move may well be due to Eugenie's husband Jack's work, as the businessman is closely associated with US CEO Michael Meldman, Mr Ede said. He added: "Jack does really well in business, and he's a great guy. I think having them over there is going to be fantastic. Prince Harry is great friends with them, and Meghan is as well. I think sightings of Eugenie (in LA and Hollywood) will be great. She is great friends as well with the Branson family, Holly and the father, and the whole family."  Meghan claimed to have known very little about the Royal Family before her relationship with Harry. In his book, Spare, Harry also said Meghan knew "almost nothing about" his relatives before the couple met. But a resurfaced post from her now-defunct blog, The Tig, suggests that she may have know more about the family than she has since said. In the post, from 2014, Meghan wrote that "little girls dream of being princess", revealing that she dreamed of being a "royal rebel" rather than "a Cinderella" and referred to Prince William and Kate's wedding. Making reference to Kate and William's wedding, she wrote: "Just look at the pomp and circumstance surrounding the royal wedding and endless conversation about Princess Kate." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews