easyJet warned that travellers could face “delays and cancellations” at the start of the week. Air traffic control workers in France are going on strike. An easyJet spokesperson said: “We have been advised of a French air traffic control strike starting on Monday at 5pm February 6, through to 6am Wednesday February 8. “Like all airlines, our flights to and from France, as well as those flying in French airspace, could be affected. “Also flights that do not operate through France may still be affected as 65 percent of easyJet flights operate through French airspace and may be delayed before arriving for your flight. “We expect that there could possibly be delays and cancellations due to the industrial action, therefore we advise all customers to check the status of their flight on our flight tracker either on our mobile app or website. READ MORE: I tried three packing methods to stop jewellery from tangling “Although this situation is outside of our control, we would like to apologise to any affected passengers for the inconvenience caused.” Flights travelling through French airspace could also be affected by the air traffic control strikes. The spokesperson added: “We will contact affected customers directly via email and SMS using the details provided at the time of booking and check in. “For cancelled flights only, we advise customers not to travel to the airport but to transfer their flights free of charge or take a refund by logging onto Manage Bookings or using our Flight Tracker. “If overnight accommodation is required, affected passengers can book this through our Flight Tracker page.” Customers should take the status of their flight before travelling to the airport in case of delays or cancellations. The British Government issued its own travel warning for British tourists holidaying in France this week. France is expected to see cross-sector strike action this week which could lead to disruption to services. READ MORE: I tried three packing methods to stop jewellery from tangling The Government said: “Several unions have called for cross-sector strike action and demonstrations on Tuesday 7 and Saturday 11 February. “Industrial action may start the evening before a strike day and run until the morning after. “Localised or sector specific strikes could also occur outside these dates. Industrial action may lead to disruption to services. “Please check the latest advice with operators before travelling, avoid demonstrations and follow the advice of local authorities.” British tourists should follow the advice of local authorities and avoid demonstrations if possible. British travellers faced disruption across the UK last week, as train workers went on strike on February 1 and 3. The workers are striking over pay and working conditions and more industrial action could take place if a deal isn’t reached. Tourists should check the status of their journey before setting off and contact their airline if they need information.