Manchester United stars don’t want to see Mason Greenwood in their dressing room this season, according to reports, as they are worried it will affect the progress they have made. The Red Devils have enjoyed an upturn in fortunes since Erik ten Hag took over as manager last summer and have climbed to third in the Premier League table. Greenwood no longer faces charges of attempted rape, ABH and coercive and controlling behaviour after they were dropped following the “withdrawal of key witnesses.” But the 21-year-old is yet to return to training after United released a statement which read: “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” According to The Sun, United bosses are still investigating his behaviour - but their stars don’t want to be distracted by the situation. And a source told the publication: “The players are open to him returning to the team but the scrutiny could be massively distracting. The dressing room is the happiest it has been for ages and no one wants to rock the boat.” Greenwood, who has one cap for England to his name, has made 129 appearances for the Red Devils but hasn’t featured for the team since January 2022. He is still suspended by his club while earning £100,000 per week and is not eligible to play or train. DON'T MISS: Arteta makes three complaints as Arsenal lose to Everton    After the charges against Greenwood were dropped, a CPS spokesperson said: “We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction.” And chief superintendent Michaela Kerr, who is Greater Manchester Police’s head of public protection, added: “Given the significant media coverage of this case, it is only fair that we share the news that the 21-year-old man, who had been arrested and charged in connection with an investigation opened in January 2022, no longer faces criminal proceedings in relation to this. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed   “The investigation team has remained in regular contact with the legal team, providing any updates of note, and so understand the rationale for the discontinuation of proceedings at this stage, and that this decision has not been taken lightly. “I would, however, like to use this opportunity to reiterate GMP’s commitment to investigating allegations of violence against women and girls and supporting those affected, regardless of their circumstances, throughout what can be a hard and upsetting time for them.” Meanwhile, Greenwood released a statement, which read: “I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time.” 