Tyson Fury is reportedly holding up the Oleksandr Usyk fight and is yet to sign his side of the deal despite the Ukrainian agreeing on his terms. The undisputed heavyweight showdown is now also said to be targeted for April 29 in Saudi Arabia as negotiations on Fury's side rumble on. There had been hopes of getting the contest over the line for March not long ago but given the need to negotiate the best possible site deal for both boxers, the fight date has been delayed once again. Personal terms were agreed upon back in January, however, tying down a location proved to be more difficult. An overseas clash in the Middle East has always been the priority given the mouth-watering riches of nations such as Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. Although London’s Wembley Stadium is also an option if a deal can’t be struck. Fury’s US promoter Bob Arum recently disclosed that a deal is edging closer for the contest to be held in the Arab world and is positive that it will get done soon. “When we see the money then we’ll go where it is,” Arum told talkSPORT. Now, if the money isn’t really there, which I don’t believe, I really believe it is, then we’ll make our own money in Wembley. “But right now, it looks like we’re going to make a deal in the Middle East where the money is for the fight because the one thing with boxers and every athlete is they have limited lifespans as far as their career. It’s not like a non-participant like me who can do this c*** till he’s past 90, a boxer can’t do that, an athlete can’t do that.” But according to ESPN’s Mike Coppinger, the announcement is being delayed by The Gypsy King who is yet to close his side of the deal with the prospectus hosts. “Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk remain in talks for an undisputed heavyweight title fight being targeted for April 29, sources told ESPN. Usyk closed his side of the deal with the Saudis and now Fury must. If not, the fight could head to Wembley. Ramadan ends on April 21,” Coppinger tweeted. When Fury and Usyk eventually square off later this year they will be making history as the first undisputed heavyweight clash in the four-belt era. Fury puts up his WBC belt against the Ukrainian's WBA (super), WBO, and IBF straps with the Ring Magazine title thrown in for good measure.