Britney Spears, 41, surprised her fans yesterday when she posted a video of herself singing an acoustic version of her hit, Oops!... I Did It Again, which she released back in 2000. However, the pop singer has now taken to Instagram to share how "mortified" she is as she posted the "wrong video", along with a new clip of herself posing in a tiny see-through gold dress. Britney is known for her out-there Instagram posts and today was no different, as she showed off her outfit in view of her 41.6 million followers. She posed in a skimpy gold sheer mini dress, covered in rhinestones, showing off her phenomenal physique, with matching heels. However, the Toxic hitmaker used the caption to share that her previous video was not what she had planned on posting. It read: "Holy s**t !!! Mistake s**t !!! I posted the wrong video of me singing yesterday and once I did, I tried to play it off with the caption !!! Embrace the fall !!! READ MORE: Prue Leith fears being ‘angry’ with son after heartbreaking loss "Yep and try to play it off … yep that’s me !!!! I was in the studio messing around and I accidentally posted that version !!! "Mortified, completely mortified !!! Anyway … this is me last night in my new gold dress !!! Think I need to salsa in this dress !!!" Britney turned off the comments for the post and has since deleted the original acoustic video. Back in July, Britney shared a similar video of herself singing along to her hit song, Baby One More Time. Britney revealed that she had not "shared her voice in an extremely long time" before sharing the importance behind the song's meaning. The Gimme More singer then stated that the people in her life at the time, from her family to her producers, "ruined it for me, embarrassed me and made me feel like absolutely nothing". She added: "I share this because I am aware of my love and passion to sing...and my own family made a fool of me...I'm not going to be a victim!!!" This comes after Britney announced in September that she would likely never perform live again after being "traumatised for life", as she claimed she was humiliated into working with the "tiniest" back-up dancers. DON'T MISS... Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [PICS] Adele holds back tears as she dedicates Grammy win to son Angelo [HOLLYWOOD] Beyoncé tearful as she breaks Grammy record after missing red carpet [GRAMMYS] She wrote: "I’m pretty traumatized for life and yes I’m pissed as f*** and no I won’t probably perform again just because I’m stubborn and I will make my point." Britney is regularly left to defend herself, with fans even calling the police to her house last month for a welfare check. This happened after the pop star was pictured seemingly having a meltdown in a Los Angeles restaurant alongside her husband Sam Ashgari. The Piece of Me singer was apparently triggered when restaurant patrons whipped out their cell phones and began snapping unwarranted photos and videos of her. Eyewitnesses allege the Grammy winner became increasingly upset and began "yelling" and speaking in gibberish, which prompted her spouse to storm out. Britney left the venue a few moments later with her bodyguard, who returned to pay the bill. The troubled star revealed in 2021 that she had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. She claimed she was put on medication against her will during her 13-year conservatorship during which her father, Jamie Spears, had control over much of her personal and professional life.