A dream destination for many Britons, the Maldives’ beaches are hard to beat. But a gorgeous beach in Italy has been described as the “Maldives of Europe”. A holiday in the Maldives might be an attractive prospect, but Britons are unlikely to find any budget flights to the luxury destination. However, the ‘Maldives of Europe’ is a gorgeous beach destination with budget flights available for less than £40. Maldive del Salento Pescoluse, a popular beach in Pescoluse in southern Italy, has earned the title of Europe’s Maldives. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “This beach is just beautiful! Although it was in the middle of July, it didn’t feel as crowded as other beaches we went to. The water is clear and beautiful and the sand is nice and white.” READ MORE: Top-rated RV park in the US is 'absolutely a must stay' Another visitor said: “No words needed. It’s a perfect long beach. The beach goes on for miles. “Sheer perfection. Loads of lidos with well behaved people. Although busy, it’s orderly. Clean sand, crystal clear waters.” While the beach has lovely white sand, the reason it’s compared to the Maldives is because of its stunningly clear water. A tourist said: “The sea is so clear, blue, warm and very shallow. You can walk out far and feel nothing under your feet but soft sand.” A trip to the ‘Maldives of Europe’ won’t hurt Britons’ wallets as return flights in April are available for just £37 from London. The nearest airport is Brindisi and direct flights are also available from Manchester for just £40. Although tourists will have to make a stop on their journey, Britons can get return flights to Brindisi for under £100 from Edinburgh, Liverpool, Birmingham and Nottingham. However, despite the beach’s claim to fame, some tourists thought it didn’t quite live up to the Maldives. READ MORE: British holidaymakers to Turkey told 'do not travel' to 10 areas A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “A little too cramped. The sandy beach is nice and clean, but to access it you need to go through a parking lot.” Another person said: “Nice but no Maldives. The beach is okay, but not pristine at all. I think the use of Maldives is misplaced. “Highly overcrowded, the sand is not that white and the sea is not that clear blue at all.” Despite the complaints, with return flights on offer for under £40, Italy’s Maldives could be a great alternative to the island paradise. But the Italian beach isn’t the only spot to draw comparisons to the Maldives. According to holiday home experts, Willerby, there’s a British spot that could match the island paradise. The Scilly archipelago off the coast of Cornwall could “make you believe you’re in the Maldives” according to a Willerby spokesperson. The pretty islands are a favourite of the Royal Family and William and Kate have holidayed there with their family. Although the Cornish islands are often busiest in summer, their unique location means they experience some of the UK’s warmest winters.