Chelsea are not expected to be back in training on Monday despite being given Sunday off following the 1-0 Premier League defeat to Southampton, according  to reports. The Blues saw their dismal season take another unexpected turn for the worse on Saturday when the manager-less Saints rocked up to Stamford Bridge and left with all three points. James Ward-Prowse inflicted the damage with a trademark free-kick and the result could now prove to be significant for Graham Potter. Supporters are now growing tired of the former Brighton head coach's lack of progress and after another shambolic display on home soil, fans are encouraging change. According to Gianluca Di Marzio's reporter Nathan Gissing, Chelsea are not due to train on Monday at Cobham - a somewhat surprising development. It's understood they will be given a second day off to reflect on last weekend's lacklustre and toothless display before the trip to Tottenham next weekend. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Todd Boehly can go full Roman Abramovich with mind-blowing appointment Despite growing fears for Potter's job, Todd Boehly is expected to continue backing his head coach for the meantime. The Stamford Bridge co-owner made the bold call to sack fan-favourite Thomas Tuchel last September before instilling Potter as manager and for that reason, he is desperate for Potter to be successful. Chelsea have won just two of their last 11 matches in all competitions, form that is simply not deemed up to scratch by supporters. The club have also spent over £600million on new signings since Boehly bought the Blues from Roman Abramovich last May. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callChelsea 'offer Mason Mount in Joao Felix swap deal' proposal as Atletico Madrid respondMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race Despite full confidence he will turn things around, Potter finally conceded that he was feeling the heat after the defeat to Southampton. “I am not stupid or naive,” he said. “My job is to keep going and keep helping and supporting the team and take that criticism.” “You can only be yourself and try your best while being yourself. “I get it that when you are losing, there’s always something you should do or change. I have always been this way and it has gotten me to this point but, at the same time, I know people want something different.” Chelsea are now 10th in the Premier League and their hopes of finishing inside the top-four have seemingly vanished. The Blues are 11 points behind fourth-place Tottenham, although they do have a game in hand on Antonio Conte's side. Failure to win at Tottenham on Sunday in the derby will surely spell the end of Chelsea's faint Champions League hopes. Potter's side also face a fight to turn around their Champions League last 16 tie with Borussia Dortmund after losing the first leg 1-0 in Germany on Wednesday.