Call the Midwife returns on Sunday with the final episode of season 12 and the BBC hit series will feature a heartwarming wedding. Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) and Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix) will tie the knot with friends and colleagues from Nonnatus House present. The stars spoke during a question and answer session about trouble around the corner. The countdown is on to the big day for Trixie and Matthew, with Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings) in charge of wedding gifts. Trixie's brother Geoffrey arrives to organise the perfect hen party for her. Although stress starts to build when a chain of disasters threaten to ruin the big day. Elsewhere, Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) battles to save a precious life after a car crash. READ MORE: Call The Midwife's Megan Cusack pays tribute to 'welcoming' co-stars Speaking during a Radio Times question and answer session, actress Helen teased there will be a tragedy. She said: "I think there is a lot of romance to [the finale], I do think it's incredibly romantic. "And there's problems along the way, there's teething problems with the wedding and we are introduced to Trixie's brother, Geoffrey, who is so much fun. "He sort of becomes the wedding planner as well, so there's a bit of a 'My Best Friend's Wedding' vibe about it. "There's a lot of calamity and fun to be had with it but of course it's Call the Midwife, so there's a flip side. "There's a downside and there's a tragedy, but there's also a very beautiful payoff and I hope people will really enjoy it, because we did." Fans will have to wait and see whether Helen was referring to Trixie's wedding or the horror car crash. Both Helen and Matthew actor Olly said the wedding scenes went surprisingly smoothly when they were filmed. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife stars tease 'weakness' in Trixie and Matthew bond Call The Midwife's Helen George speaks out after finale delay Call the Midwife's future confirmed with two more seasons Olly explained: "I had sort of made an agreement...anyone I knew that could help me with this I said 'I don't want to see the dress. "'I don't want to see Helen the morning of, I don't want to arrive at the same time as Helen or see her getting out of the car'. "I did everything I could to see Helen for the first time when she was walking down the aisle. "I had no idea this was going to happen so amidst the chaos...my heart kind of stopped, it was nice." Helen said she had no idea Olly had gone to such great lengths to avoid seeing her before the big day. Viewers will be pleased to hear the series will continue to air until at least 2026 after the latest renewal. Creator Heidi Thomas said she was "overjoyed" at the renewal which will see the drama move into the 1970s. She said: "We are a family behind the scenes, on the screen, and in front of the telly, and I'm thrilled that we're all heading into the 1970s together." Call the Midwife returns to BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.