Everton had a spectacular January transfer deadline day for all the wrong reasons, trying and failing to recruit a small army of targets, leaving new manager Sean Dyche with the exact same squad to try and power clear of relegation danger. Express Sport takes you through all 14 stars who were linked to Goodison Park on Tuesday... Olivier Giroud The French record goalscorer's nine-year spell in the Premier League came to an end after leaving Chelsea in 2021. Back amongst the goals with AC Milan, Everton tabled a tasty wage package but Giroud supposedly wasted no time in turning down the offer. Andre Ayew The former Swansea and West Ham forward was reported to be in advanced talks with Everton on deadline day, but the move never materialised. All hopes may not be lost on this one, however, as Ayew has been released from Al-Sadd before flying to the UK, where the Toffees and Nottingham Forest are poised to battle for his signature. Paul Onuachu Everton were supposedly offered the chance to sign Onuachu from Genk this week, but he ended up signing for Southampton instead. At 28 years old and 6ft 7in tall, the Nigerian international would have been an interesting acquisition, but it's Saints fans who will be cheering his name this season. Che Adams Speaking of St Mary's, Southampton star Adams represents a long-term target for Everton and he was once again linked on deadline day, although Saints boss Nathan Jones quickly poured cold water on any notion of the transfer going through, with the forward on nine goals so far this season. MUST READ: Four options to replace Jesse Marsch at Leeds with Elland Road cheifs 'considering sack' Michy Batshuayi The Toffees had to take rejection on the chin during the January window, and Batshuayi was another player to slap down their approach. Currently in amongst the goals for Turkish outfit Fenerbahce, the Belgian would supposedly only jump ship if it meant joining a more stable project. Sheraldo Becker Another in a long line of off-the-wall targets, Suriname international Becker came through in the Netherlands but he has seven Bundesliga goals for Union Berlin this term. Everton were touted to lodge a deadline-day bid for the striker, but the German outfit weren't keen to do business and the speculation came to nothing. Beto Playing in Portugal's lower leagues until his early twenties, Beto has come on strong in recent seasons with a prolific loan spell at Udinese made permanent in the summer. Everton went big on deadline day with a reported £22m bid, but it was rejected by the Serie A outfit. Jean-Philippe Mateta Dyche was evidently keen to bring in physical frontmen on his first deadline day at the helm, and 6ft 4in Mateta certainly fits that brief. Everton supposedly made an inquiry with Crystal Palace but the response can be worked out by the fact that nothing progressed thereafter. DON'T MISS...Man Utd are still putting eggs in De Jong basket despite Sabitzer dealTottenham axe Doherty before Atletico move due to niche transfer ruleMan Utd 'want three summer signings' as Ten Hag plots more action Lucas Joao Yet another rangy forward, Everton were linked with Joao during the latter stages of the window but nothing came of their interest. The 29-year-old has two Portugal caps but his goals with Reading in the Championship have dried up over the past few months. Ismaila Sarr Mercifully switching from a long list of elusive striker targets, Everton made concrete moves to sign Watford winger Sarr on deadline day. However, the Hornets rejected a proposal which included a £2m loan fee and a £30m obligation to buy if Dyche led the Toffees to safety. Kamaldeen Sulemana Another exciting young winger, 20-year-old Sulemana impressed during his season-and-a-half with Rennes after initially breaking through at Nordsjaelland. Everton and Southampton both lodged bids, but like with Onuachu, Sulemana opted for the south coast over Merseyside to become their club-record £22m signing. Nicolo Zaniolo The Italian was one of the protagonists of the January transfer window, with links to Tottenham, Bournemouth, Leeds, Southampton and Everton all falling flat. The latter trio reportedly tried to sign him on loan for the reason of the season on deadline day, but Roma held out for a permanent solution that never emerged. Kalvin Phillips The Manchester City midfielder has struggled for game time since switching from Leeds during the summer. Everton boss Dyche was keen to bring him to Goodison Park on loan, but City refused to do business and the move came to nothing. Conor Gallagher Everton made a real statement of intent by lodging a reported £45m bid for the Chelsea outcast, who has lacked regular minutes at Stamford Bridge despite shining on loan with Crystal Palace last term. Painfully for the Toffees, however, Gallagher flat out rejected the move to Merseyside.