Boxing fans have two solid cards to sink their teeth into tonight. The first, over in London is an excellent prospects showcase presented by BOXXER featuring highly rated up-and-comers Adam Azim, Viddal Riley and Caroline Dubois. Azim takes the main event slot against undefeated Nicaraguan Santos Reyes following an ultra-impressive display against Rylan Charlton last time out. Meanwhile, across the pond, Rey Vargas and O’Shaquie Foster battle it out for the vacant WBC super-featherweight title in San Antonio. Vargas is hoping to become a three-weight world champion after previously picking up straps at super bantamweight and featherweight. Wembley Arena, London, United Kingdom Adam Azim vs Santos Reyes Zak Chelli vs Anthony Sims Jr Viddal Riley vs Anees Taj Tyler Denny vs Brad Pauls Caroline Dubois vs Feriche Mashaury Hassan Azim vs Abdallah Luanja Jordan Reynolds vs Mohamed Cherif Benchadi Jeamie Tshikeva vs Harry Armstrong Alireza Ghadiri vs Hector Avila Lozano Alamodome, San Antonio, United States Rey Vargas vs O'Shaquie Foster for the WBC super-featherweight title Mario Barrios vs Jovanie Santiago Lenier Pero vs Viktor Vykhryst Daniel Heinen vs James Wohlschlegel Fight times and live streams The undercard for Azim vs Reyes will get underway at 5pm while Caroline Dubois kicks off the main card at 8:15pm. Riley then follows two fights later at around 8:45pm. Ring walks for the main event are expected at around 10:30pm. All of the action is being broadcast on Sky Sports Main Event or Sky Sports Arena at 8pm with live streaming options available via the Sky Sports app and website on all good internet-connected devices. There is also live radio coverage on talkSPORT from 9pm. You can listen via the talkSPORT app, on DAB digital radio, through your smart speaker and on 1089 or 1053 AM. The Vargas vs Foster event starts at 2am in the early hours of Sunday morning for British fans with the feature attraction following at 5am. The fight is available on Showtime for US fans, however, there hasn’t been a UK broadcaster announced at the time of writing. MORE BOXING NEWS... Mayweather fighting Chalmers makes 'more sense' than Hatton rematch Fury clears up Paul press conference no-show in Saudi Arabia Joshua bites back at Whyte after promise broken – ‘He's not my mate' Quotes Riley told Express Sport exclusively: “Once I get your name, that's it, you are the victim. That's how I look at it. You are the victim. You are in the way of what I’m trying to do. You are not the pinnacle of where I'm trying to go. And if I don't defeat you and give you all my energy, I'm not going to get to where I'm trying to go. “So, when that name gets announced and the camp begins in preparation for that person, you are the world champion, you might as well be the GOAT because that’s how I’m prepping, that’s what my mind is locked in on. On fight night you’ll see the results of what we've been putting in at the gym. And once again, people will say, ‘yo, this guy is one of the best in the country’.”