South African rapper, Kiernan Forbes, known as AKA, was reportedly shot dead this evening in a drive-by shooting in Durban, South Africa. It is believed that the popular rapper was attacked outside a popular restaurant, with his bodyguard also gunned down. Police confirmed to South African media that a 35-year-old male and another man had been shot on Friday night in Florida Road, Durban. Paramedic spokesman Garrith Jamieson told TshisaLIVE that just after 10.15pm ambulances responded to a shooting incident where two men had sustained multiple gunshot wounds. Reports read: "Paramedics assisted the men and unfortunately the first male had sustained multiple gunshot wounds and showed no signs of life and was declared deceased at the scene." The second male, believed to be the bodyguard later also died. READ MORE: Fern Britton pines for former family life as she yearns to go back AKA is among South Africa's most popular rappers and has produced and written many hit songs including Fela In Versace and Baddest. He leaves behind his daughter, Kairo whom he shares with his ex-DJ Zinhle. His current girlfriend is rapper Nadia Nakai. Many tributes to the rapper have already hit Twitter, with his close friend De La writing: "Unbelievable." Social media user Constitution_94 wrote: "AKA You will never know what will happen in this life. It's not easy." _Reneiloe added: "Prayers to Kiernan’s mom, DJ Zinhle, Kairo and Nadia. "One of the greatest rappers of South Africa with one of the greatest discographies. This is beyond shocking. RIP AKA." Bas commented: "Damn this is f****n tragic as hell. South Africa, I'm so sorry for your loss. "AKAworldwide always showed me love and hospitality every time we crossed paths. Always welcomed me with open arms. Rest easy King." DON'T MISS... Heidi Klum parties the night away in hot pants before posing in towel [INSTAGRAM] Oscar-winning Chariots of Fire director Hugh Hudson dies [DEATH] Angelina Jolie's dad Jon Voight makes rare appearance running errands [PICS] The shooting occurred in the popular entertainment district, which was brought to a standstill after police officers closed the road. AKA was meant to perform in the city Friday night and footage has been posted online of the rapper with friends eating dinner prior to his death. In the video, the rapper can be seen hanging out with a couple of friends. AKA was very active on his social media, replying to fans' comments just three hours ago. S.pivot wrote on Twitter: "When are you going to go blonde/platinum again." The rapper quickly replied just three hours ago: "I think when Mass Country goes platinum deal?" He was also active on Instagram just four hours ago, sharing his daily antics with his 3.3 million followers. 