The Super Bowl 2023 continued its tradition of releasing the latest trailers for this summer's biggest movies overnight. Some of them were extensive, coming in at over three minutes long, while a few were just 30-second teases of what was to come. There's something for everyone on this list, scroll down to watch the latest trailers from the Super Bowl event. The Flash was easily the biggest movie trailer release of the night. Not only does this elongated trailer show off the return of Ben Affleck as Batman, but it also reintroduces Michael Keaton as his classic version of the Caped Crusader. If that wasn't enough, Ezra Miller's Barry Allen can be seen teaming up with Supergirl for the first time, played by Sasha Calle. This movie will also mark the end of the DC Comics Extended Universe as fans know it. From here on out, James Gunn's storylines and movies will take over, meaning this could be the last time these heroes are seen for a while. Speaking of James Gunn: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 is just around the corner, so it's surprising that this is the first real trailer for the Marvel movie. By the looks of it, Peter Quill (Star-Lord) has finally found Gamora once again - but she doesn't know who he is. Rocket Raccoon will also be getting a deep dive as we see his origin story. It's sure to be an emotional one, as this is the final Guardians movie from Gunn, who brought the rag-tag group of misfits together in the first place. Fast X only received its first trailer in recent days, but this is a newly cut tease of what is to come for Vin Diesel's Dominic Toretto and his family. Aquaman star Jason Momoa has a vendetta against Toretto and his team of specialists, and he is going to take it out on him using any means necessary - including kidnapping his child, Little Brian. The latest Fast and Furious movie will also introduce Captain Marvel star Brie Larson as a newcomer to the family - but is she friend or foe? Harrison Ford is back as Indiana Jones and things are about to get weird. This short trailer showed off a little more of Indy kicking butt once again but put an emphasis on Mads Mikkelsen's Nazi villain Jurgen Voller. There's also some incredibly impressive new footage of Ford de-aged using Disney's powerful technology. Oh, and Fleabag's Phoebe Waller-Bridge makes another brief appearance before falling out of a plane. Transformers fans have been longing for more information about this movie for months. Not only does this new trailer show off some more footage of Optimus Primal, but it gives a little more insight into the kind of Autobot Mirage is as a person. Anthony Ramos, the star of Transformers: Rise of the Beasts, is also given a bit of a spotlight in this new look at the movie. Dungeon masters assemble: a new TV spot for Dungeons and Dragons: Honor Among Thieves has just dropped. Unfortunately, there isn't much new footage in this one. The short TV spot gives a quick overview of the movie's plot - there's a bad guy and Chris Pine and his team are going to thwart it - before showing off some of the action sequences once again. There are some great shots of Michelle Rodriguez fighting with what looks like a +1 Flaming Axe, but we'll have to read the novelisation to be sure. Ghost Face is back, and his latest blood-curdling Scream VI is going to hit cinemas in a matter of weeks. This new trailer shows off the new team of teenagers running from the serial-killer between buildings over a harrowing drop using a ladder. Wednesday's Jenna Ortega once again appears front and centre in the trailer - but will she survive the entire movie? Adam Driver, the face behind Star Wars' villain Kylo Ren, is taking on dinosaurs. That's enough of a movie premise in itself, isn't it? This new trailer shows the American star taking on a whole host of dinosaurs using his futuristic weapons while protecting a young girl (maybe his daughter?). The plot of 65 has not yet been revealed other than "man shoots dinosaurs" but, really, have we ever needed anything more than that? Michael B Jordan makes his directorial debut in Creed III, and this time he has his work cut out for him. Creed not only has a new foe to battle in the ring, but this time he means business. Jonathan Majors (of Ant-Man and the Wasp and Loki fame) plays the series' new villain, Damian "Dame" Anderson, and while Creed will almost definitely come out on top, the latest trailer shows some vicious fights along the way. Ben Affleck and Matt Damon have teamed up once again for a new movie to tell the story about... Nike's Air Jordans trainers? The new trailer seems to delve into more of the drama and logistics of what happened in real life behind the scenes, but the most exciting part of the picture is the incredible cast. Chris Tucker, Jason Bateman, Marlon Wayans and Viola Davis are just a few of the massive stars included in the movie and will be hitting cinemas this April. Last but not least, Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania got a TV spot - but it was a commercial. Advertising Heineken's alcohol-free beer, Marvel hero Scott Lang was shown goofing in his lab by drinking beers and ignoring Hank Pym's passive-aggressive sticky notes. With the movie coming out this week, it doesn't need much advertising, but it was a fun romp nonetheless.