Erling Haaland has sensationally asked lawyers to bring forward the release clause in his Manchester City contract ahead of a potential blockbuster summer transfer to Real Madrid, according to reports in Spain. The 22-year-old has a huge £175m ‘exit clause’ that kicks into his City deal in the summer of 2024. However, according to Spanish publication Defensa Central, it is claimed that Haaland has not ‘tuned in’ to Pep Guardiola’s methods. That is despite the striker scoring 31 goals in just 28 games since arriving from Borussia Dortmund last summer. He believes that his best qualities are not being exploited under the Spaniard. Real Madrid present a better opportunity for the Norway starlet to continue improving, with the 35-year-old Karim Benzema coming to the end of his time at the top of European football. Haaland has therefore requested that his exit clause be moved forward a year. That would give him the opportunity to join the Spanish giants this coming summer rather than in 2024. JUST IN: Pep Guardiola could make five moves if he leaves Man City Possible sanctions imposed on City for alleged financial irregularities is also playing in Haaland’s mind. On Monday, the Premier League referred its reigning champions to an independent commission and passed on 100 alleged breaches of its financial regulations to be investigated. Should they find City guilty, the independent commission has the power to impose sanctions ranging from a fine, a points deduction, or possible expulsion from the league. Haaland would want to get away should the latter punishment occur. DON'T MISS:Arsenal icon Arsene Wenger mocked Man City over FFP rulesMan City appoint top lawyer 'on £5,000 per hour' as court battle loomsMan City's 'expected punishment' spelled out after bombshell charges That is despite enjoying a remarkable debut campaign at the Etihad Stadium. Haaland has bagged 25 league goals in just 20 appearances and is on course to win the golden boot in his first year in the English top-flight. He has already struck 31 times in all competitions and has his eyes on winning City a first Champions League. However, there has been vast criticism of his performances in the biggest games of the season. Haaland was anonymous in last weekend’s defeat by Tottenham, outshined by a record-breaking Harry Kane. He also struggled in last month’s Manchester derby at Old Trafford, with United coming from behind to win 2-1 under controversial circumstances.