Nicola Sturgeon is “all over the place”, a Scottish Tory MSP has claimed, after the First Minister refused to state whether she believes a transgender double rapist is a man or a woman, claiming she "does not have enough information". Ms Sturgeon was repeatedly pressed on the issue at First Minister's Questions in Holyrood by Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross in relation to the case of Isla Bryson, previously known as Adam Graham, who was convicted at the High Court in Glasgow last month of two rapes. Ms Sturgeon said: "I think that rapist should be considered a rapist. That's what I think. That individual has been convicted of rapes and that therefore is the terminology. “I’m not going to get into the individual circumstances of that particular individual's claims to be a woman because I don't have enough information about that." Ms Sturgeon refused to say whether she believed Bryson was lying about being transgender, prompting the hashtag #ResignSturgeon to start trending on Twitter. She explained: "This individual claims to be a woman - what I said was that I don't have information about whether those claims have validity or not. "But I don't think Douglas Ross and I are disagreeing here, because what I think is relevant in this case is not whether the individual is a man or claims to be a woman or is trans, what is relevant is that the individual is a rapist. "That is how the individual should be described, and it is that that should be the main consideration in deciding how the individual is dealt with - that is why the individual is in a male prison, not in the female prison, these are the issues that matter." Scottish Conservative leader Mr Ross used First Minister's Questions on Thursday to try and corner Ms Sturgeon on her belief in self-ID - the process by which a trans person does not require a medical diagnosis to identify as a gender different to that of their birth sex. He read a quote from one of Bryson's victims, who said: "I don't believe he's truly transgender. I feel as if he's made a mockery out of them using it. As far as I'm concerned, that was to make things easier for himself. JUST IN: Watch moment man ploughs into police officer's motorcycle  "You've got genuine cases where people are desperate to get reassignment for the right reasons because they've been born into that body... not because they've raped two people and decided that's an easy way out." Ms Sturgeon replied: "The quote that Douglas Ross narrated there, my feeling is that is almost certainly the case, which is why the key factor in this case is not the individual's claim to be a woman, the key and only important factor in this is that the individual is convicted of rape - the individual is a rapist - and that is the factor that should be the deciding one about the decisions about how that prisoner is now treated." She acknowleged it was"really important" to "look seriously" at the issues thrown up by the Bryson case, adding: "But that in doing so, we bear in mind two things. Firstly, as I've said, that we do not further stigmatise trans people generally - I think that is important - but secondly that we don't cause undue concern amongst the public. "If there are issues to be addressed we address them, but we do that in a way that's not just calm, but doesn't misrepresent the situation, because that is in nobody's interest." "Firstly, as I've said, that we do not further stigmatise trans people generally - I think that is important - but secondly that we don't cause undue concern amongst the public. "If there are issues to be addressed we address them, but we do that in a way that's not just calm, but doesn't misrepresent the situation, because that is in nobody's interest." DON'T MISS:Calls grow to means test the state pension triple lock [OPINION]Hunt has gone from Christmas tax Grinch to beacon of Brexit hope [REACTION]Jeremy Hunt tells retirees 'we need you' back at work [COMMENTS] Tess White, member for North East Region and Shadow Minister for Public Health, Women's Health and Sport, tweeted: “Nicola Sturgeon is all over the place with her position on the double rapist who was placed in a women’s prison. "Judging by the faces of her backbenchers, they know she is all over the place too.” Pam Gosal, Tory MSP for West Scotland, posted: "Worryingly at #FMQs in response to@Douglas4Moray Nicola Sturgeon can’t bring herself to say “this double rapist is a man”. "For a First Minister who doesn’t want to cause ‘undue public concern’, pandering to the pronouns of a rapist isn’t exactly reassuring." Meanwhile the hashtag #ResignSturgeon is currently trending on Twitter. MSPs passed the Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill in Holyrood before the new year, but it was later blocked from becoming law by Scottish Secretary Alister Jack using an unprecedented Section 35 order. UK ministers have said the legislation could infringe on the existing UK-wide Equalities Act.