Piers Morgan, 57, has made his feelings about Rishi Sunak's tenure as Britain's Prime Minister very clear. The tough-talking broadcaster dismissed his two previous contenders, Liz Truss and Boris Johnson, for failing to act like "grown-ups". "Whatever your politics, I find it reassuring to finally have an intelligent, articulate, conscientious grown-up like @RishiSunak running the country, after Buffoon Boris and Liz Less-popular-than-a-Lettuce Truss," he exclaimed to his 8.4 million followers. Rishi recently met with European Union leader Ursula Von der Leyen and secured a deal with the EU over post-Brexit trading arrangements for Northern Ireland. Earlier this month, Piers interviewed him on TalkTV, where he quizzed him about his views on everything from the NHS crisis and nursing strikes to Prince Harry and wife Meghan Markle. It seems as though the PM, who took part in the interview on his 100th day as Prime Minister, met Piers' standards. During the interview, Rishi expressed his sympathy for NHS nurses, stating that he'd "love to give them a massive pay rise", but maintained that he could not change much due to lack of funds. READ NOW: EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours Though he defended that there "simply isn't money" to fund them further, he stated that he was looking into hospital car parking charges in a bid to lift some of the strain on nurses. On the subject of the royals, Rishi refused to be drawn on his opinion of whether Prince Harry should be invited to King Charles's Coronation. It was recently reported that Charles's wife Camilla is ready to drop the "Consort" part of her title to simply become known as Queen, according to Daily Mail. However, Rishi sidestepped the subject, simply praising that the ability to spend time with Charles was "one of the great privileges of the job".  "Ousting him was not only a loss to the nation, but a great loss to mankind."  "I think all of our leaders have a way of continuing to contribute to public life and that’s a good thing," he stated. Rishi added: "It’s great that we’ve got former Prime Ministers... they’ve got experience that they want to share." Meanwhile, even those who were not fans of Boris still linked Rishi to him, with @LAMckeaveney quipping: "He was in Johnson’s Government. He lied, he was fined.. yes, so reassuring." The Prime Minister was fined in January for not wearing a seatbelt in the back of a moving car. However, @Bazz259 echoed Piers' confidence in Rishi, writing: "Spot on! This is what serious leadership brings to the country!! Absolute success and I am pretty sure [the] economy will be on track."