Piers Morgan is set to sit down in an exclusive chat with Sasha Walpole after she confirmed she was the woman who took Prince Harry’s virginity. However, the TalkTV host has already sparked a backlash amongst viewers after a teaser of the interview was shared on Twitter. A clip from the interview was shared on the Piers Morgan Uncensored Twitter account and captioned: “Sasha Walpole has come forward as the woman Prince Harry lost his virginity to - and there's certain questions Piers Morgan wants to get off his chest.” In the clip, Piers asks: “"Would you agree it was inglorious then? “Did you know as you were in flagrante in the field that he was a virgin? “Do you think he should have had the manners to let you know? What do you think of Meghan Markle?” READ MORE: ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show The controversial host continues: “Do you think he has traded up from you or down? “If Prince Harry is watching this what would you say to him? “This is a guy who's sixth in line, or fifth in line to the throne of this country, talking about losing his virginity to you.” Viewers took to Twitter to slam piers over his line of questioning and for inviting Sasha onto the programme. Twitter user @TheFabDad posted: “This is a tad obsessive lol,” while @dtcamo10 tweeted: “Just weird. Really weird.” @TinKnowledge continued: “Sounds like Piers is running out of ideas for the show.” “This is unworthy of Piers Morgan nothing more than salacious gossip,” shared @janoskarHansen1. @bethpotter88 tweeted: “You’re just gross,” as @stooky31 asked: “Remember when you were a serious journalist.” DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan brands Fawlty Towers reboot a 'terrible idea' [LATEST]Piers Morgan brands Madonna 'rude little madam' in continued bashing [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan dislikes powerful women like Meghan Markle, says Dom Joly [EXCLUSIVE] @mike32277328 quizzed: “Why do you want to get these questions off your chest? Why do you care?” In a second clip, Sasha explained she wished Harry had given her a heads up he would include details of their sexual encounter in his memoir Spare. “People are asking, you know family and friends, ‘Oh yeah, we know who it is,’” Sasha explained. “Then suddenly it’s just the reality of it’s not going to go away, forever. Until they know who it is, they’re going to be questioning people. “I mean, yes, I could have not said anything but then it’s never going to stop.” Piers asked: “Do you think he should have had the manners honestly to let you know?” “He could have given me a heads up, you know, I’m going to put it in the book,” Sasha agreed. The full interview with Sasha will be available to watch on Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTv at 8pm.