The Gold has almost landed on BBC One, telling the tale of the biggest theft in history which had after-effects that rippled throughout the decades following. Extensive research and interviews with some of those involved have been carried out to bring the story to life for the small screen. Here's all there is to know to watch The Gold. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Gold. The Gold is going to make its debut on Sunday, February 12, at 9pm on BBC One. This period drama will consist of six episodes in total with each new instalment airing weekly in the same time slot. So, as long as there are no shake-ups to the schedule, the final episode will air on Sunday, February 19. However, fans don't have to wait more than a month to find out the show's conclusion. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie As with many dramas on BBC channels, The Gold is going to be released as a box set on its streaming service BBC iPlayer. All six episodes are going to be available to watch after the first episode has come out on BBC One. Therefore, viewers can binge-watch the new series as and when they please, instead of waiting for one episode per week. Another bonus of BBC iPlayer is that it is completely free and accessible for those who have a TV licence, the only requirement is a registered email address. Set in 1983, The Gold is about the infamous Brink's-Mat robbery where six armed robbers planned to carry out "a typical Old Kent Road armed robbery". But when they broke into the security depot, thanks to help from a security guard they were working with, they found gold bullion worth £26million. Little did they know what impact the robbery would have on the future of the country. The disposal of the gold bullion led to the start of large-scale international money laundering and the illegal gains fuelled the London Docklands property boom. DON'T MISS...Former detective says Fitbit data could be ‘key’ to finding Nicola [EXPLAINER]Casualty welcomes former EastEnders favourite as controversial doctor [CAST]Happy Valley's Rhys' one condition for reprising role as Ryan [REVEALED] Bringing the drama to life are a number of familiar faces including Downton Abbey star Hugh Bonneville as Brian Boyce who is investigating the heist. He is joined by Mamma Mia!'s Dominic Cooper, Sanditon star Charlotte Spencer and Small Axe actor Jack Lowden. Other cast members include Tom Cullen, Emun Elliot, Sean Harris, Peter Davison and Josef Altin. In order to prepare for the show, some of the cast were able to meet their real-life counterparts. Speaking to What to Watch, Bonneville said he met the real Brian Boyce before filming. He said: "[It was] A privilege. Neil Forsyth [who wrote The Gold] and I had a really informative lunch and spent a fascinating couple of hours with him. "Trying to get him to talk about his approach to policing, but also specifically about Brink’s-Mat was a real insight. "And it’s all there in the script with Boyce’s distrust and suspicion, and his discipline." The Gold premieres on Sunday, February 12, at 9pm on BBC One.