A legal ruckus with their spurned professional planners has given access to court papers and thus lifted the lid on Bridezilla Nicola being somehow “too busy” to speak to or meet those responsible for turning a £3million “vision” into viable reality, while delivering scathing text-volleys such as this, about the flowers: “They should be more white”.  Also exposed is the bride’s mother Claudia, who urged her billionaire husband Nelson not to pull the plug on what he accurately called a “sh*t-show” for fear of “destroying Nicola’s career”. Note the absence of any mention of happiness, love or joy. Marking a couple’s “till death do us part” pledge simply by having one helluva fun time simply doesn’t seem to feature on anyone’s agenda. My two extravaganzas were minor in comparison. But I hoped that once the nuts and bolts were all sorted we’d settle down to the priority of each event – what the bride and groom thought would bring their friends and families the most enjoyable experience. My girls were determined that no revellers would be bored, driven demented by pinching stilettos or forced to endure hours of cliche-riddled speeches. Our own fêtes champêtres featured rides for guests in the horse-drawn carriages that delivered bride and bridesmaids, a silent disco, a starter that looked like a whole fresh lemon but turned out to be salmon mousse, baskets of flip-flops, quizzes, and a Blues Brothers medley. Yes, we had hair and make-up to hand – I for one can certainly do with it, but I don’t recall it costing £85,000 as Nicola’s did. Yes, we had flowers but I don’t remember stipulating anything except that they be seasonal and as fragrant as possible. Nor did we have a wedding planner. I stepped up to the plate and my services were gratis which made me a sensible choice. And for wedding one, we did have a lovely lady who, on the day, solved problems, scooping up sudden vegetarians, wardrobe malfunctions and fainters, over-indulgers and sobbers. The most worrying aspect of this wedding, if I were Victoria Beckham, would be the bride’s text about the Beckhams’ guest list: “I do not trust Brooklyn with this. U should ask an assistant. He has no idea. And is guessing.” I’m not certain it screams true love. Amy’s dad Mitch Winehouse is a feisty London cabbie with a sideline in crooning and a penchant for “Lock Stock”-style asides. He’s set to be played in the forthcoming Amy biopic by Eddie Marsan and true to form, Mitch is spitting tacks. Although Marsan is 18 years his junior Mitch thinks he’s insufficiently gorgeous to do full justice to his charms. “I wanted George Clooney,” Mitch laments with that wry East End humour he passed on directly to Amy. In the hours before dawn when sleep eludes us we all cast the star of our imaginary autobiographical movie. Who would play me? Why, Margot Robbie of course!   But don’t the dons there understand that for every entitled and over-coached Etonian there’s an applicant whose parents scrimped, saved and beggared themselves to give their children what they hoped was the best start in life? My dad used to pay my fees with crumpled notes, often cobbled together at the last minute, and so did plenty of other hardworking but financially pushed parents. It was about priorities not privilege. Not all private school pupils are effortlessly privileged trustafarians. It shouldn’t be beyond the wit of the wisest in the land to work that out and stop this wholesale discrimination.  You will be reading this on my 61st birthday. I know. It’s flipping ancient and a non-event after the bunting and metaphorical fireworks last year. What a difference 12 months makes. I started a new all-singing, all-dancing job at TalkTV after 33 years at the Beeb, embarked on Instagram and now have 330k followers, became a grandma for the fourth time when Cecily Violet was born and five weeks ago became unexpectedly single. I was born and bred to be married. I grew up listening to Fiddler On The Roof with “Matchmaker, Matchmaker” on a loop, so it’s something of an adjustment. But I’m marching on, best foot forward in the time-honoured position, my heart a bit battered and bruised but grateful to be alive and curious about who and what the future will bring.  Isn't there something satisfying about life imitating art so successfully that it ends up in the wheelie bin? The Jeff Koons’ blow-up balloon dog exhibited at a Miami art fair ended up smashed to smithereens when a viewer, thinking it was a real balloon, gave it a poke. It reminds me of the story about the art installation mistaken for actual rubbish by a zealous cleaner who duly swept up the lot and chucked it in the garbage. Does it make you think “emperor’s new clothes” and shouldn’t artists be just a tad cleverer?  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Congratulations to Strictly’s most charming former stars Janette Manrara and Aljaz Skorjanec, who are expecting their first baby. Janette, 39, has been candid about their two-year struggle to conceive, not to mention the difficulty deciding when is the right time to have a baby when your body is effectively your career. Fortunately, the couple are so engaging that they’re in demand as presenters and not solely as terpsichoreans, so they can still carry on earning a living while adjusting to being parents. I’ve known them since their first Strictly in 2013, which was also my only one, and can confirm they will make a spectacular cheerful and energetic mum and dad.