Long gone are the coat dresses for regular public engagements, Kate, Princess of Wales has established her go-to work wear pieces consisting of fine knits or blouses, sometimes with a jacket or long coat over the top, and smart trousers. In recent years, Kate has swapped the traditional button-down shirt for blouses with silk ties at the neckline, but in 2019 she made a fashion faux pas. In March 2019 when visiting the Henry Fawcett Children’s Centre, Kate chose a beautiful purple blouse. The top was from designer brand Gucci, and it was its pussy bow silk crepe blouse in violet orchid. The relaxed style featured a neck tie and was crafted in Italy from silk georgette. It was priced at £799 and Net-A-Porter described the item as: “Cut from fluid silk-crepe, this style has a loose silhouette and features fabric-covered buttons that run down the back.” But Kate didn’t wear it the way the brand intended; instead of having the buttons down the back like the model demonstrated online, she switched the blouse around. READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range At the time, it was not clear if Kate had accidentally worn the blouse the wrong way around, or if she intentionally chose to have the buttons down the front as Kensington Palace did not provide a comment. However, a year later in November 2020, a video was released of Kate promoting “Five Big Questions” - an Early Years Q&A. For the occasion, Kate chose to re-wear the Gucci blouse backwards like she did in 2019. One commented: “Kate Middleton has impeccable style, so if there's anyone who can pull off wearing a blouse backward, it's her.” Another tweeted: “Kate Middleton Keeps Wearing This Purple Gucci Blouse Backwards Kate Middleton's statement-making style continues to make waves. There's no denying the Duchess of Cambridge has mastered the art of fashion. From her effortlessly elegant…” A third said in jest: "It’s the end of the day and I just realized that I’m wearing my pants backwards which is very interesting because recently a Kate Middleton wore her Gucci blouse backwards. That’s right I made the same mistake as a PRINCESS." DON'T MISS...Aldi announces plans to open 60 new stores [NEWS]Three steps to achieve ‘sparkling, streak-free’ windows in minutes [EXCLUSIVE]Princess Diana didn’t see herself as ‘Queen of country’ - reason [INSIGHT] Kate hasn’t worn the purple blouse recently, but she did step out wearing a powder blue blouse in a similar design. The blouse is from Winser London and is described as “the ultimate bow blouse…designed in our exclusive silk fabric with a touch of stretch our tie can be worn in a variety of ways, tied into a fashionably glamorous pussy bow, softly draped at the front, tied around the waist”. This blouse is slightly cheaper than Kate’s purple Gucci one, at £295. The Princess also wore a bold green pussybow blouse last month for a video for her new campaign, Shaping Us. READ MORE: Kate and William’s affection is ‘calculated’, expert suggests This particular blouse is from Burberry and is the Tie-Neck Silk Blouse in Green, priced at £850. Silk tie neck blouses might be an investment piece but blouses make of real silk “make any outfit look instantly more elevated” a fashion expert told People. They are also more likely to last you for years to come as they are so well made. The material used is soft to touch and “looks elegant whether you tie the bow or leave it draped open around your neck”. As for why blouses are a staple in Kate’s wardrobe, it might be for the same reason she regularly wears fine-knit jumpers and roll necks. Roll neck. jumpers “work well for Kate” as they are “conservative”, and she “shouldn't be able to wear a V or scoop neck when bending down talking to children”. Roll necks, similarly to tie-neck blouses are “modest pieces of clothing”. 