A horrifying video captures a six-foot-six-inch student knocking a female teaching aide unconscious before continuing to beat her. The irate 17-year-old attacked the staffer after she confiscated his Nintendo Switch video game device, police said in an arrest affidavit. The 270-pound student is seen stomping on the unconscious employee inside a Florida school before repeatedly punching her in the head and torso. Several other staffers who witnessed the assault intervene, wrestling the boy off the teacher, who is later rushed to a local hospital. Separate video released by the Flagler County Sheriff’s Office shows the attacker being placed in handcuffs inside a classroom at Matanzas High School in Volusia County, which is situated on the east coast of Central Florida. “The student stated that he was upset with the victim because she took his Nintendo Switch away during class,” police said in a statement. According to an arrest report, arriving deputies found the teacher bloody and unconscious. READ MORE: Horrific video shows nine-year-old girl brutally beaten by two boys on school bus The enraged student then began spitting in the teacher’s direction, warning cops that he was “going to kill her” when he returned to school, the arrest document said. While he was being processed, the teen repeatedly asked a deputy when he was going to be released, and began kicking a desk and becoming violent when he didn’t get the answers he was hoping for. “The actions of this student are absolutely horrendous and completely uncalled for,” said Volusia County Sheriff Rick Staly in a statement. “We hope the victim will recover, both mentally and physically, from this incident.” DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation' [REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] The teenager has been charged with felony battery raps. Volusia County School officials issued a statement after the Flagler County Sheriff’s Office released the disturbing footage. “The safety and security of our students and staff is of utmost importance to us and we will continue to cooperate fully with the local authorities as part of this investigation,” officials wrote. Flagler Schools Superintendent Cathy Mittelstadt agreed, saying: "Creating a safe learning and working environment on our campuses is critical. Violence is never an appropriate reaction."