Isabel Webster was forced to apologise to Eamonn Holmes when they chatted about her bad habits. Not only did the former This Morning host pick fault with his co-host's shoes, but he said he also hates the smell of coffee breath. Eamonn's confession came as the GB News presenters discussed the benefits of drinking just one cup of coffee a day. Eamonn began: "I'm not sure I understand that coffee caffeine story because I don't drink it. "So are you paying to have caffeine? Do you want caffeine?" "Is it good or bad? I think you just want to know what you're consuming," Isabel chipped in. "I mean, I think as a consumer, I just assumed a coffee was a coffee. I got a little bit of energy. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit "But when I was pregnant, I was advised you can only have one cup of coffee per day. "Well, what if I was going somewhere like Costa and getting 325 milligrammes? "Is that considered the daily...is that like alcohol? Is that a unit of alcohol? What is the correct medical amount? "Whereas if I went to Starbucks, I'd be getting 66 milligrammes." As the duo discussed the different coffee shop brands, Eamonn admitted: "You know what I can't stand? Coffee breath and people who smoke fags." "Sorry," Isabel apologised. "You get that all morning." As Eamonn went to respond, Isabel let slip another one of her bad habits that Eamonn dislikes. She continued: "You know what else I did and you can't stand it? DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [VIDEO]Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'isn't sure' of co-star's replacement [INSIGHT] "You were complaining about my shoes the other morning." "Was I?" he asked as Isabel added: "Yes, you said, 'What's happened to your shoes?' "So I went and bought new ones because you thought they were disgusting." The GB News presenter proceeded to take her shoe off so Eamonn could explain what he meant by his remark. "I wasn't saying anything was wrong with the shoes," Eamonn insisted. "The shoes are like kitten heels here. They're very very nice." "You were complaining," Isabel argued back. "You said they were scruffy." Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.