LGBTQ+ British tourists are at risk of discrimination in some popular holiday destinations. The team at Merchant Machine looked at LGBTQ+ laws, the travel safety index and crime index to find the safest destinations for tourists. READ MORE: Tourist fined £439 for breaking rules in Italy Malta was named the safest destination in the world for LGBTQ+ travellers, based on its performance in several key rankings. Gay marriage is legal in Malta and transgender people can change their gender with or without surgery. In 2015, Malta became the first country in the world to ban sterilisation and invasive surgery on intersex people. The country is also regarded as generally safe for travel and there’s a very low risk of tourists facing violent crime or theft. Chile was named the world’s second best destination for LGBTQ+ travellers and same-sex marriage is legal there. The South American country also ranks highly on the LGBTQ+ Safety Index although it is generally considered to be less safe than Malta. Luxembourg was the third country on the list and same-sex marriage is legal in the small European country. Transgender people are allowed to change their legal gender without surgery in Luxembourg. READ MORE: Cruise guest explains reason passengers had to be ‘flown home’ early Belgium, Sweden and France also made the top 10 list and same-sex marriage is legal in all three countries. Each of the countries are considered generally safe for British tourists with low levels of violent crime. Ireland took the eighth spot on the list while Canada and New Zealand rounded out the top 10 with the UK. British tourists can find more advice for LGBTQ+ travel on the British Government website or consult a tour operator. Malta’s capital city, Valletta, is a UNESCO World Heritage site and the perfect place to get to grips with the country’s history. Spinola Bay is one of the country’s best places to grab a drink with one tourist describing the marina as a “lovely place”. Most of Malta’s gay nightlife is centred around the Paceville district, with several late night LGBTQ+ venues. Malta’s Gay Pride celebrations usually take place in September while the island’s busiest months are July and August.