Chris Packham has admittedly been scarred for life after the "devastating" abuse he endured during his school years. The Springwatch presenter, who was diagnosed with autism in later life, reflected on the "burden" in a new BBC documentary. The 61-year-old said the impact of bullying still affects him to this very day. Chris will open up about his autism for a new documentary, Inside Our Autistic Minds, on BBC Two. He has told how he was so isolated during his university years and he would sit with a bus conductor because interaction with his peers was so challenging. Speaking about his struggles, he said: “I have a visual memory of some of the most horrific things that other young people said to me when I was a kid and they still hurt now. READ MORE: Stacey Dooley addresses Kevin Clifton's three failed marriages “They’ve tattooed something unpleasant in my psyche.” Chris said he sought refuge alone at home: “I am so pleased a particular child in my early life could never get to me in my bedroom. He made my life absolute hell.” The naturalist admitted he holds no ill feelings towards the boy who bullied him as it is “not a way forward". He explained: “We never forget, we just remember less often. So you get past the damaging stage and learn to manage it so you don’t bear grudges – life’s too short.  "You want to be making progress, not just entertaining hate. At the same time, the damage is done.” Chris said he was particularly affected in his 20s and has spoken previously of how he contemplated suicide. The presenter said that any “interaction” with anyone his own age “invariably went very badly wrong.” Reflecting on the bully, he says: “He didn’t understand me. I wasn’t able to put up any defence or give him any point of access to any understanding of why I might have been behaving, looking, sounding how I did. DON'T MISS... Sam Smith 'in furious backstage row at BRITs over set malfunction'[LATEST]Adele causes a stir with 'zip it' order at Super Bowl as Rihanna sings[PICTURES]Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits[AWARDS] “The classic gang mentality of kids meant he just built a series of acolytes around him and the ­persecution became quite intense.” The Springwatch presenter said teachers in the 1970s "didn't have a clue" about his autism and at the time had less understanding of such a diagnosis. Chris added that he has since seen “positive developments” in schools, Autistic people may act in a different way from other people and may find it hard to communicate and interact with other people. They may also find things like bright lights or loud noises overwhelming, stressful or uncomfortable, take longer to understand information and possibly do the same things over and over, the NHS states. The documentary sees him meeting autistic people and their families, including Murray the 20-year-old son of Scottish radio presenter Ken Bruce. Ken talks of the “painful irony” of him making a living from speaking while his son Murray is non-verbal and communicates using a letter board. Inside Our Autistic Minds, Tuesday, BBC Two, 9pm. 