Much to fans’ delight, Paramount Plus' hit military drama SEAL Team was recently renewed for a seventh season. With fans eager to see the future of the Bravo team, many have also demanded more action from Trent Sawyer (played by Tyler Grey) and Brock Reynolds (Justin Melnick). SEAL Team follows the personal and professional lives of a group of Navy SEALS as they take on life-threatening missions across the world. Led by the Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Jason Hayes (David Boreanaz), the show also explores issues which affect real-life soldiers. As well as the reality of leaving family behind at a moment's notice, SEAL Team also touched on mental health problems such as PTSD, memory loss and combat stress. With such gripping storylines for the main cast, fans are eager to see more from the supporting cast Justin Melnick and Tyler Grey.  READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation  Taking to a fan page on Reddit, u/MSAPW wrote: “ Trent and Brock just need a LITTLE more. “I know Brock is only on the show because he owns the dog in real life, but even if Brock and Trent don't have speaking parts, they ought to be in more scenes.” The Redditor added: “It wouldn't take away from the main stars. “It feels kinda weird that they are treated as lesser members of Bravo, when they are not”    In response, u/TheShreester agreed: “Trent and Brock should indeed have more screen time, but I'd actually prefer a larger cast of SEALs in general.” Despite this, other fans preferred Trent and Brock to remain in their quieter roles and highlighted the actors were hired as supporting actors. u/Present-Breakfast768 stated: “They aren't actors. They do enough work on the show and I've never heard either complain about wanting more airtime. They are supporting, not main characters.” Redditor u/j0nas-gr33n explained: “They on the show as Technical advisors also. Trent is a former CAG operator and Brock is a police officer!” DON'T MISS...Outlander fans fume over 'forgotten' Briana Fraser storyline [REACTION] SEAL Team’s Ray Perry star's tribute to David Boreanaz over season 7 [INSIGHT]SEAL Team's David Boreanaz speaks out on 'humbling' season 7 renewal [INSIGHT]  Justin who stars as Brock the Bravo team’s canine handler is also the real-life owner of the air missile dog, Dita. His connection with Dita also allows for an accurate portrayal of a real Bravo team. Justin has previously addressed his lack of storylines and admitted he rather the storylines stay with the actors. He confirmed: “My character is really based around just being there for the dog.   “We have a lot of phenomenal actors on this show and we only have forty-five minutes an episode. So the idea is, these guys have a story to tell.” Justin added: “Anything I can ever do to be part of that story, and help and be an asset, I’m there for. “But the rest of it, I’ve been in every single episode, but I’m not a main character in the show. “I’m there when the dog needs to do something, or there’s a reason for me,” he told Assignment X.  SEAL Team seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Paramount Network in the USA and on Now TV in the UK. 