Jenson Button owns property, stunning sportscars and enjoys a series of incredible jobs despite hanging up his F1 helmet. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Button is valued at an incredible £123million ($150m) despite leaving F1 over six years ago. Express Sport takes a look behind-the-scenes at the 2009 F1 world champion. Despite his Somerset roots, Button now lives in the United States. Reports claim the former champion has recently purchased a £4.8million ($5.8m) house in Santa Monica, California. It comes after the pair listed their £8million Los Angeles home last year after just 12 months. Button is also selling his stunning four-bedroomed Palm Springs house in California with the property on the market for £2million ($2.5m) Button’s wife, Brittny Ward said: “Between my design career and Jenson’s busy work schedule, on top of our family life, we don’t have time to manage two homes in Palm Springs. We are so sad to say goodbye, but we know whoever is lucky enough to purchase the property will be very happy there.” According to GQ, Button owns a stunning collection of models from modern supercars to historics. The former F1 world champion is said to own a McLaren P1 and the gorgeous £2million Lotus Evija hypercar. The magazine also reveals Button owns an iconic 1950’s Jaguar C-Type, 19780 Pontiac Trans-Am and a string of classic Ferrari models including his childhood favourite, the F40. Button also retains a Brawn GP 001 chassis from his world championship-winning season. READ MORE: Jenson Button set for race return in experimental car Button married ex-Playboy model Brittny Ward last year in a stunning ceremony in California. The wedding was scheduled for 2019 but was delayed after Ward fell pregnant with the couple’s first child. Attending the glamorous bash was TV presenter Ant Anstead and Hollywood girlfriend Renée Zellweger. Button and Ward have two sons together, Hendrix and Lenny, who regularly feature in snaps on the former McLaren star's social media pages. Ward has since started up a career in interior design and architecture with Button posting a touching message on her new chapter last year. He said: “So proud of my wife @brittnybutton, her architecture and interior design career is still in it’s infancy but you wouldn’t think so looking at the quality of her work. Absolutely beautiful design and as she says it’s all about the fine details!” DON'T MISSJenson Button points blame at Red Bull over Max Verstappen team orders [INSIGHT]Jenson Button's theory on Lewis Hamilton and George Russell chemistry [ANALYSIS]Jenson Button tells FIA what penalty will 'really hurt' Red Bull [COMMENT] Despite walking away from the cockpit back in 2016, Button is still heavily involved in F1. He signed a multi-year deal to re-join ex-team Williams Racing as Senior Advisor in early 2021. His role involves working with the squad’s race and academy drivers as well as ambassadorial roles. Button has also taken to TV punditry and is a major part of Sky Sports F1’s presenting team on race weekends. Button is set to make his return to international motorsport in 2023 at the prestigious Le Mans 24 Hours. As part of an experiment, he will drive a NASCAR machine around the historic French endurance circuit alongside Mike Rockenfeller and Jimmie Johnson. Button competed in the British GT championship in 2020 and also made an appearance at the Goodwood Revival in 2021. Like Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg, Button is also involved in the fully-electric off-road series Extreme E. The JBXE team made its debut at the series launch in 2021 with Button behind the wheel himself. He has since stood down with Kevin Hansen and Hedda Hosås in the cockpit last season. Button is also a founder of retro car company Radford alongside Wheeler Dealers host Ant Anstead. The company focuses on coachbuilding to allow buyers the chance to drive some of the most sought after models around.