The UK could be hit by an Arctic blast that could trigger a bone-chilling -6C deep freeze and snow, with the latest weather maps showing exactly when this will happen. The Met Office has warned tens of millions of Britons that a major Sudden Stratospheric Warming (SSW) event is now taking place and could hit the country later this month. The latest UK weather maps from WXCHARTS start to turn icy blue next Thursday (February 16), with minimum temperatures plunging as low as below freezing in Scotland at 6am. This bitterly-cold snap is forecast to continue into the afternoon, with the rest of the UK shivering in lows of no higher than 5C. Temperatures return to seasonal norms over the coming days but the brutal deep freeze returns with a vengeance on February 22 as the UK map once again turns icy blue. Tens of millions of Britons could wake up shivering, with temperatures struggling to get above freezing throughout much of the UK and forecasted lows of -1C in London, the Midlands and Wales. This brutal freeze continues over the following two days, with temperature lows plunging to freezing in London, south west England, the North East and Scotland. But by far the coldest snap will hammer Britain on the morning of February 26, with the UK maps turning dark blue in the early hours, forecasting lows of -6C in Central Scotland just a couple of degrees lower in surrounding areas. The rest of the UK will also be hit by the deep freeze, with lows of -3C in northern England and -2C in Wales, while London and remaining parts of England could struggle to get above freezing. This Arctic freeze could also trigger snow sweeping into Scotland on February 23, spreading throughout the country over the following 24 hours that could see up to 3cm fall in some areas. Scotland turns icy white on the UK map on February 25, with between 2-5cm of snow forecast to fall throughout much of the country, with the threat of snow spreading southwards into England during the afternoon. READ MORE: Hunt hits back at Rejoiners that think Britain is set up to fail In the early hours of February 26, the snow intensifies north of the border, with 6cm expected to smother a large part of the country. AccuWeather Meteorologist Lauren Hyde told Express.co.uk: "If a period of stratospheric warming occurs toward the middle of next week, temperatures could get chilly across the UK for a time late this month, especially during overnight periods. "This is because, during these periods of stratospheric warming, cold air tends to get displaced from the arctic. This air, if displaced, could bring some snow in the hills, higher terrain and other typically colder spots. "It is still too early to know specifics as to how cold temperatures could get, however, should a period of stratospheric warming occur, arctic air could push into the region, bringing temperatures below 0C in some high elevation locations. DON'T MISSBritain’s financial shame as greedy banks blasted [REPORT]Meghan to pay off Samantha Markle before 'forced' to answer questions [COMMENTS]Nicola Sturgeon's trans self-ID policy ditched by prisons [LATEST] "The highest probability of snow exists in Scotland during the late month time period, with some snow also possible in some of the hills and higher elevations of England and Wales. It is still too soon to know exactly how much snow will fall, however." BBC Weather has warned low-pressure systems heading to Iceland could be steered towards north-central Europe which could see temperatures plunge below the averages for this time of year. The forecaster said: "During the last week of February there are signs of a subtle change in the pattern with high pressure perhaps having a tendency to edge to the south west of the UK. "Although low pressure systems should continue to move towards Iceland this could subsequently steer them towards north-central Europe, meaning a chance of occasional northwesterly flows. "This could mean a colder turn with temperatures dropping towards seasonal averages and chances of wintry showers coming farther south." Netweather Senior Forecaster Jo Farrow also warned: "After the fair, settled, milder start to next week it looks like the unsettled more changeable Atlantic weather could take hold more. "Not just for the far northwest but affecting more parts of the UK later next week and pulling the daytime temperatures down too."