The average UK house price dropped to £258,297 in January, down by 0.6 percent, according to Nationwide. The slump in prices has impacted all regions across the country. Some reports have suggested house prices could drop by a further 20 to 30 percent by the end of the year. While this may not be an issue for some homeowners or tenants, falling prices will have an impact on those looking to sell their property. According to a recent study by Sellhousefast.uk, a patio is the second most sought-after garden feature with 76 percent of respondents claiming it adds value. The National Association of Estate Agents, believe that adding a patio could add as much as £10,000 to a home’s value which could make a significant difference in today’s market. With this in mind, experts at Patio Awnings 4 Less have shared their advice for installing a patio during the winter months. Dave Downing at Patio Awnings 4 Less said “traditionally” the warmer months are seen as the “optimal time” to complete outdoor projects like building a patio. However, he said there are “numerous benefits” to building a patio during the winter months instead. READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito He continued: “Typically, you will be using your garden less, so construction work will be less disruptive. Contractors and construction companies are normally less busy during the winter and will have less of a waitlist. “Starting construction during the winter may also be more cost-effective. Construction materials are normally cheaper. “If you’re laying a patio in winter, though, make sure not to lay your paving on frozen ground, as the ground underneath pavers expands and contracts during freeze and thaw cycles, which can cause paving to crack. “Prepare the ground well by using thick hessian to cover the ground as you lay the patio.” DON'T MISSMonty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving [UPDATE]‘Fail-safe’ tip to kill weeds ‘instantly’ without nasty chemicals [ANALYSIS] The patio experts recommended enlisting the help of a good contractor before starting on a patio-building project. Danny said laying a patio “can be tricky, particularly if you lack experience” so hiring a contractor will make the task easier and more “convenient”. To find the best contractor, begin by asking for recommendations from friends and family, or check out testimonials on a contractor’s website. Danny added: “A good contractor should be willing to adapt to your needs, and enthusiastic about answering any questions that you may have. READ MORE: 'Perfect' front door paint shades to add 25 percent to your sale price Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Ask about insurance, length of time in the industry, a written quote, and an estimated completion date. The contractor should also offer a guarantee for their work.” Patio tiles and stones come in a plethora of sizes, shapes and materials which can make choosing materials difficult. Certain materials will be more durable while others will be harder to install and may require more expertise. All of this should be taken into consideration while also thinking about, arguably, the most important aspect - whether it’s aesthetically pleasing. Danny explained: “When choosing a material it’s important to consider performance, longevity and durability, as well as personal preference and current design trends. “Concrete pavers, stone and brick are the most durable materials, but they can be difficult to install. This may present problems if you plan to lay the patio yourself. “Stone is also expensive, although it is considered one of the most aesthetically pleasing patio types. “Bluestone, slate and limestone are all popular patio choices. If you’re on a budget, consider pea gravel, which is cheap, easy to lay and durable. “Pea gravel looks fantastic when used to complement a colonial or Victorian-style house.”