Prince Harry could be tipped to share more revelations about the Royal Family by adding more chapters to ‘Spare’. The Duke of Sussex’ tell-all memoir, Spare, released on January 10, provided unprecedented access to the Royal Family. Included in the memoir was the claim Prince William assaulted the Duke in 2019, just before he and Meghan Markle stepped down from royal duties. Harry alleged his brother called the Duchess of Sussex “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, and then claimed William pushed him to the floor, adding that the incident resulted in visible injury to his back. The Duke also claimed he and William begged their father not to marry Camilla, Queen Consort. But now, sources say Harry could include more private details in a new version of his memoir set for paperback. A publishing insider told Page Six: “Prince Harry is already planning to add at least one new chapter…to the paperback version…our later this year or early next, when the hardcover sales have ended. “Readers are eager to know (Harry and Meghan’s) feelings about the royal backlash they have suffered after the airing of their Netflix doc and the publication of Spare.” Harry himself said his original draft for his memoir was more than 800 words, and told the Telegraph that “it could have been two books, put it that way”. After saying the “hard bit was taking things out”, he did say however that some of the slashed material “I just don’t want the world to know”. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan forced to watch as Camilla 'steals limelight' Meanwhile, Harry has said he wants an apology from the Royal Family before he agrees to attend King Charles III’s coronation on May 6. However, the Daily Mail reported neither Charles or William will give Harry the apology he is asking for because “ill will is still boiling over in the family”, a source told the outlet. Omid Scobie, who wrote ‘Finding Freedom’, a biography about Harry and Meghan’s royal exit, said earlier in February that “no one knows their plans right now”. “The couple has yet to be invited and can’t make a decision, nor any form of itinerary, until that happens,” he added. It also comes after Redfield & Wilton poll found Americans ranked Prince William as better than Harry in a number of key royal traits. The survey asked respondents to rate which brother better embodied loyalty, duty or trustworthiness and five other characteristics, with William coming out on top in five of the seven. Of the 1,500 participants in the survey, 43 percent said William better upheld the concept of duty so dear to the monarchy. The survey, conducted on behalf of Newsweek, also found the Prince of Wales to be considered the most trustworthy of the two brothers as 36 percent of respondents believe he is more likely to tell the truth than his brother. Harry was however found to be more likeable to Americans, and poll respondents also said the Duke of Sussex had shown more effort to bridge the gap with the Royal Family compared to Prince William. Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews