Kate Middleton was photographed whispering in Prince William's ear today as they made their way down the red carpet at the BAFTAs award ceremony at Royal Festival Hall in Southbank, London. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, body language expert Judi James explained that the "flirty" interactions between the pair gave an insight into how they communicate emotionally.  While there are no formal "rules" against public displays of affection by members of the Royal Family, it's not often seen when they are making public appearances. Judi said: "This is such a flirty, tactile display from William and Kate, with Kate looking like a Hollywood goddess on the red carpet and William using body language that could almost suggest he was on his first date. "The couple’s eye contact looks more frequent and intense than usual, suggesting they are using it to communicate emotionally and to help share what looks like high levels of pleasure and excitement at the glamourous event. "Both William and Kate always seem to love dressing up for events like this and William’s very toothy smile with some suppressions at the corner of the mouth shows exactly how delighted he is to be on this up-market version of a date night with his beautiful wife." READ MORE: Queen Maxima 'made no attempt to hide tears' at wedding - pictures She added that it's not just physical displays of affection that the couple flaunted during their appearance at the BAFTAs. Judi explained: "When the couple isn’t actually touching they are performing some truncated touch rituals, with arms outstretched to suggest a desire to be even more tactile. "William is sporting a ‘cocked thumb’, a classic male body language signal suggesting intense pleasure." The couple appeared very close as they dazzled on the red carpet with Kate's whisper in Prince William's ear and their physical proximity to one another evident as they made their way to the ceremony. DON'T MISS...Harry's privacy claim ridiculed after he describes wetting his pants [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan branded 'laughing stock' in US over South Park [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'won't recover' from South Park episode [ANALYSIS] Judi added Kate's bold stance in her white gown showed an even more flirtatious demeanour. She said: "Kate looks confident enough to be described as frisky here, at one point even giving William a small pat on the bottom from one elegantly gloved hand in a classic signal of playful flirting." It's not the first time Kate and Prince William have allowed onlookers an insight into their intimate relationship in public. Last year on the BAFTA red carpet, William showed a subtle sign of affection towards Kate as they were greeted by other attendees. READ MORE: Kate Middleton wears Alexander McQueen at BAFTAs each year - pictures The subtle movement of his hand onto her back is something many royal fans have noticed in the past on several occasions. Kate too has initiated such actions towards Prince William by making more obvious, non-verbal statements about their relationship.  In fact, according to Judi, the couple's PDA has "intensified" in recent years, perhaps as a way for the couple to "signal their move up to direct heirs to the throne". Kate donned a floor-length Alexander McQueen gown to the BAFTA award ceremony today while William stunned in a black velvet suit. The dress worn by the Duchess of Cornwall and Cambridge had previously debuted on the same red carpet in 2019. Since first wearing it, the gown had undergone some changes - with the one-shoulder frills let loose and draped over her arm on one side. In keeping with the pair's monochrome attire, Kate sported black accessories including opera-style gloves and a compact Jimmy Choo clutch bag. For added sparkle, she wore statement gold earrings with her classic waved hair draped loosely down for the "goddess" like style Judi described.  