Protestors have poured paint in the colours of the Ukrainian flag outside the Russian Embassy a day before the anniversary of the war in Ukraine in a powerful act of defiance against Vladimir Putin's invasion. Four people have been arrested after campaign group Led By Donkeys claimed responsibility for the act. The protest, captured on film by passers-by, took place on the Bayswater Road that passes by the Russian Embassy in London. Led By Donkeys later released its own short video showing the protest of painting the road. Onlookers looked on in amazement as passing red buses and black taxis then spread the paint by inadvertently driving over it, forming an enormous 500 square metre Ukrainian flag across the road. In a statement, the group said: "Tomorrow is the first anniversary of Putin's imperialist invasion of Ukraine. Contrary to what the Russian dictator and his apologists claim, Ukraine is an independent state and a people with every right to self-determination." "The existence of a massive Ukrainian flag outside his embassy in London will serve to remind him of that." The activist group is famous for its huge billboards hitting out at firms supporting GB News, as well as last year recreating a scene from Line of Duty to parody the investigation into lockdown parties at Downing Street. The Metropolitan Police said three men and a woman had been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and obstructing the highway. The police force said in a tweet: "At 08:45 today officers attended Kensington Palace Gardens, where paint had been thrown on the highway. Four people, three males and one female, were arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and obstructing the highway. READ MORE:Top Hungarian boss fails to show up for Ukraine support video [REVEAL] "They remain in custody." The campaigners said they created the flag using 170 litres of yellow paint on the eastbound carriageway, combined with a similar amount of blue paint on the westbound side, to be spread by passing traffic. The paint reportedly spreads from Notting Hill Gate to Kensington Gardens, with one Londoner writing on Twitter: "Haha! It was so weird driving along going "all those tyres are yellow. That's weird..." then realising I was heading towards the blue..." However, some were critical, with one saying the protest was "not going to help anyone and just causes resentment", and that they "feel sorry for the council workers who have to clear this up." It comes after fundraising site GoFundMe confirmed to the PA news agency that more than £225million had been donated to Ukrainian fundraisers. The thousands of supporters on the site included both large-scale projects and individual efforts, such a convoy of London taxis sent to the Polish border and the supply of urgent diabetes medication to a young Ukrainian girl. 