The Prime Minister and the Government were well warned in December 2019, but such was the desire to “get Brexit done” that we were told all would be fine and sure we could just get rid of it if it didn’t work. Fast forward to yesterday when our Prime Minister agreed a deal with the EU on the Protocol - but is it to change to Protocol or to sit alongside it? Will the Windsor Framework as it is called, replace parts of the Protocol or is it there to aid interpretation of the Protocol? This is important as the EU have claimed the Protocol cannot be changed even though the Protocol itself in article 13.8 talks about agreements superseding the original Protocol. The impact of the Protocol on the United Kingdom has been to create a border internally in its single market. Since the Acts of Union trade between the different parts of the UK has been free but this was all changed by the Protocol since when goods passing from GB into NI have been checked by UK officials to ensure they comply with EU standards. The Supreme Court recently confirmed that the Acts of Union had been modified by the NI protocol and this is all to protect the EU single market in case a rogue sausage or sandwich leaked into the republic of Ireland.  The risk to the EU single market continues to be minuscule and it does appear at first glance that the Prime Minister has made progress on issues such as the movement of pets internally in the UK, the movement of plants and food in our supermarkets, (probably through the Trusted trader scheme which was dismissed some time ago by the EU!) and it appears that being able to control VAT in NI rather than be subject to EU rules has been dealt with. This all seems like good work and will be absolutely welcomed, but again we need to see what the legal text says. As for the continuing application of EU law, we have been told by the Prime Minister that it will only apply in a way that is necessary to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland. We will have to see what he means by that, and we will also have to see the details behind this so-called emergency brake at Stormont.  The crucial question there will be, can the Northern Ireland Assembly prevent an EU law from being introduced into Northern Ireland if they reject it or will their opinion only be advisory, with the Westminster Government having the final say? Many questions to explore and at least the PM is granting some time for the legal text to be looked at and given the history of dealing with the EU, the DUP is absolutely correct in taking their time to look at the detail of the deal. What does it mean for goods coming from GB to NI – is the flow entirely without checks? What does it mean for the European court jurisdiction in NI? Will this part of the United Kingdom forever be in the constitutional equivalent of Hotel California, “You can check out any time you want, but you can never leave”. When we see the text, we will find out. 