Qatar are reportedly promising three things as they look to buy Manchester United. Private investors from the Middle East are poised to bid for the club, with the Glazers open to selling up. While there’s been talk of the Americans potentially staying, that appears an unlikely scenario at the current moment in time. Manchester United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005. However, they confirmed back in November they were considering their options - at a time where mass investment is needed both on and off the field. Qatar are thought to be in pole position to buy United, even if they’d face opposition from some quarters. And Sky Sports News claim they’ve made three promises as they look to purchase the Red Devils and end the Glazers’ rule once and for all. It’s said the first thing they’re willing to do is invest in the team. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford The Glazers have spent big during their time as United owners but virtually all of the money has been generated by the club, rather than themselves. With Qatar, however, things would be different with the Middle-Eastern nation willing to give Erik ten Hag the transfer funds he needs to reshape the squad. A second thing they’re pledging is an investment in Old Trafford. The stadium, long a staple of English football, has shown signs of wear and tear in recent years. Certainly, it now pales in comparison to the grand arenas occupied by the likes of Tottenham and Arsenal - who have both moved into new homes over the past 20 years. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And a third thing they’re willing to bring is money to invest in the city of Manchester itself. There’s been speculation of surrounding areas benefitting from the Qatari cash and that, too, could work in their favour. Right now, it’s unclear who the next owners of United will be. Yet Qatar seem to be in pole position to purchase the club, at a time where Sir Jim Ratcliffe is also interested. Ratcliffe has long been a fan of United and is keen to leave build a legacy at the age of 70. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He previously missed out on Chelsea, however, and whether a repeat happens is something only time will tell. Meanwhile, those details have all emerged after United’s 2-2 draw with Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday night. And Ten Hag felt his side dominated the game and were unlucky not to win. He said: ”I think we dictated the game, apart from maybe 15 minutes in the first half, we had some difficulties, but in the rest we were dictating the game and we had so many chances. “I was a little bit disappointed that at half time it was 0-0 because we should have scored and the opportunities they had we created by ourselves. “But I think it was a great game. Two attacking teams. “I think it was a Champions League game, even more than that, so I really enjoyed the game. In the end [it finished] 2-2, and we have to finish it in Old Trafford." He also paid tribute to Marcus Rashford, too, saying: "Of course I will credit Rashford definitely because he is in great form, but the whole team did well. “I think it was a really good team performance.”