The prize fund rate for Premium Bonds is to increase from 3.15 percent to 3.3 percent for the March 2023 draw, NS&I announced today. The rate boost means £15million in prizes have been added to the fund. The chances of winning a prize in the Premium Bonds draw remain at 24,000 to one. NS&I has also increased the interest rates on some of its savings accounts, effective from today, with the rate on the Direct Saver and Income Bonds both increasing to 2.85 percent. The Premium Bonds changes mean in the March 2023 draw, there will be around 60 prizes worth £100,000 up for grabs, as well as around 120 prizes for £50,000. Almost 250 prizes worth £25,000 will be on offer as well as more than 13,000 prizes for £1,000. READ MORE: 'It’s the right time!' Savers urged to switch their accounts as interest rates peak looms  Ian Ackerley, chief executive of NS&I, said: “Premium Bonds are one of the nation’s most loved ways to save, giving people the monthly anticipation of a potential win while knowing their money is 100 percent safe. “We’re also giving a Valentine’s Day boost to our Direct Saver and Income Bonds customers who will see their interest rates rise from today. “We are committed to ensuring our products remain attractive and our customers can continue to save with confidence. “Today’s changes mean that we continue to balance the interests of savers, taxpayers and the broader financial services sector.” NS&I recently released new issues of its one-year fixed rate Guaranteed Growth Bonds and Guaranteed Income Bonds. Savers with growth bonds get an interest rate of four percent while the income bonds have a rate of 3.9 percent. The two types of bonds were last on sale in 2019. Savers can invest a minimum of £500 and a maximum of £1million in each issue. The savings provider also previously increased the interest rates for some 500,000 existing customers, upping the rates on its Guaranteed Growth Bonds, Guaranteed Income Bonds and Fixed Interest Savings Certificates. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost A woman recently spoke to Express.co.uk after she won £1,050 in the February draw, the most she had ever won in a single draw. Kate Harris has won more than 10 times in total and says she enjoys the thrill of checking if she has won a prize each month, rather than the predictable return of an interest rate on a conventional savings account. Speaking about why she first chose to invest in Premium Bonds, she said: “While there were low interest rates, it offered me the best opportunity for a decent return on my money. “The reason it was on and off was that as we came up to Covid, I had to use all of my savings. “I own a travel business and during Covid, life was very, very hard. Any savings that I’d got, I used, so there was a period of time when I didn’t have any and now I have some savings again.” An individual has to buy at least £25 worth of Premium Bonds from NS&I when purchasing the Bonds, but each £1 Bond has an equal chance of winning a prize. Ms Harris said there is a false myth that newer Bonds have a better chance of winning than older ones. She explained: “It’s definitely a myth that your newer Bonds or your older Bonds perform better. “When you win, you are able to check which Bonds have won for you, whether they were your oldest or your newest. “There are a lot of people that believe that your older Bonds don’t perform as well, but I’ve had a mixture of newer and older ones. “However, when I’ve cashed them in, I do always cash in the older Bonds rather than the newer ones.”