Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales, have "cleared the diary" to spend time with their children for half term, a royal commentator has claimed. The couple has nothing scheduled for the coming week, having only earmarked the BAFTA's this coming Sunday, February 19. Their sparse calendar will allow them to enjoy a brief break with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Speaking to OK! Magazine, royal expert Jennie Bond said they cleared the diary for "those important half terms". She teased that the royals may choose to visit the Scilly Isles or take to the slopes. Ms Bond said: "Maybe they'll even go back to the Isles of Scilly for half term, although it may be a bit cold in February." The commentator had earlier said the archipelago is one of their favourite holiday destinations thanks to its seclusion. READ MORE: Camilla forced to pull out of visit due to 'seasonal illness' – Palace She told OK! they like to frequent the island of Tresco, one of five off the coast of Cornwall. The Prince and Princess used to visit the location before welcoming their three children and have since made it a family favourite, Ms Bond added. She said: "They've holidayed there with the children at least twice. They have a low profile there and they cycle around it." Ms Bond added that they stay in a "modest" four-bedroom stone cottage while living "like a normal family on holiday". However the family chooses to spend the holidays this week, it will give the Prince and Princess a valuable opportunity to unwind. The couple recently completed a packed week of engagements that saw them travel across the UK. On Monday, February 6, the Princess of Wales travelled to Derby, where she gleefully greeted Captain Preet Chandi after she completed a solo expedition across Antarctica. She was spotted giving "Polar Preet" a warm hug at Landau Forte College as she travelled across the UK recounting her experience. The Princess is a patron of the Captain, who broke the world record for the furthest unsupported solo polar expedition in history after covering 922 miles in 70 days and 16 hours. On Thursday, February 9, she and Prince William made their maiden visit to Cornwall as Duke and Duchess. The couple spent the day in the county as they completed a series of engagements. Among them was a visit to Falmouth, where they learned about local history and culture and the Duke's first official solo engagement as Duke in Newquay. The couple now doesn't have an engagement listed until this coming weekend. They are due to attend the BAFTA award ceremony following a lengthy two-year absence. Kensington Palace confirmed they would attend the show on February 19 at the Southbank's Royal Festival Hall. They will watch the ceremony and then go backstage to meet winners and EE Rising Star Award nominees.