When Calls the Heart first hit fans' screens in 2014, as an adaptation of Janette Oke's book taken from her Canadian West series. The show has been widely adored by fans who are awaiting the premiere date for the 10th instalment of the show. But producers have confirmed fans' fears after it was announced the show will debut later than usual this year. At the beginning of the month, Brian Bird, Co-Creator and Executive Producer of the popular drama took to Twitter to remind fans that a “sneak peak” of season 10 had been released. The tweet read: "#Hearties... in case you hadn't heard... this NEWS and S10 SNEAK PEAK dropped today... exclusively for you!" He accompanied the tweet with a first-look tease that gave fans an insight into what they could expect to see in the upcoming season. He added: “Watch and let your heart sing! #WhenCallstheHeart #Season10 #HopeValley." READ MORE: Outlander season 7 unveils all-new title sequence with Sinead O'Connor Fans were quick to speculate in the comment section discussing potential reasons for the season premiere being pushed back. One fan, @priscooper71 replied: “Thank you for the sneak peek. Why do I have a feeling that S10 will be the last season of #WCTH? Please don’t stop making it. I’ll be devastated if my fear will become a reality.” @juliewindsor59 echoed: “I have shared with other #Hearties that my fear is S10 is the last season. #WCTH was the network’s flagship scripted episodic show. "Now, it has been relegated to a mid-summer premiere. I’m not buying any other reason for the delay. Maybe the vitriol was too much. Bring on S10!” But Bird swiftly put a stop to the speculation, addressing the concerns by replying to a fan in the Twitter thread. His Tweet read: “As I said there are many good reasons for every decision. And trust me, we are very strong in the demos that matter to us. "My optimism is not misplaced. May I suggest, stop fretting and speculating and embrace the optimism with me? Just my two cents.” He also added the show “consistently generates the highest ratings” and fans do not need to worry as he sees the popular drama in for a “long run in”. The producer explained: “Well, profitability is based on ratings, which dictate advertising prices. And #WCTH consistently generates the highest ratings for scripted series on Sunday nights the last several seasons... so I like the #Hearties chances for a good long run in #HopeValley." (sic) DON'T MISS:NCIS LA's Eric Christian Olsen 'overwhelmed' as he talks new projectThe Blacklist's James Spader to make TV returnMy 600lb Life's Joe Wexler is unrecognisable in recent life update The one-minute teaser clip featured Erin Krakow, who plays Elizabeth Thatcher, sitting at her desk as she makes note of some of the recent changes in Hope Valley. A voice-over can be heard saying: “Over the past few months, one thing has become clear to me. No matter the challenge, the people of Hope Valley know how to come together.” At the end of season nine, Martin Cummins (played by Henry Gowen) blew up the coal mine to keep it from reopening, and to make things worse, the oil wells in the area had dried up and the foundry closed. The series of economic blows had hit the town of Hope Valley hard, but the residents are as resilient as ever. There are many potential reasons for the season 10 delay, but it's most likely that the Hallmark Channel wants to use the winter and spring periods to launch new shows. Past seasons of When Calls the Heart have typically premiered in February or March. However, Hallmark warned fans several months ago that the show’s 10th season likely wouldn’t debut until the summer of 2023. When Calls the Heart season 10 premieres in July 2023 on the Hallmark Channel in the US. When Calls the Heart is streaming on Amazon Prime in the UK.