Helmut Marko has hit out at FIA boss Mohammed ben Sulayem over his decision to push through with changes that will affect Lewis Hamilton. Drivers will be silenced from making political or personal statements next season as the FIA aims to keep the sport “neutral”. Ben Sulayem told F1 stars to focus on driving instead of making gestures on the grid ahead of races. However, Red Bull chief Marko has disagreed with the move, stressing drivers should be free to say what they want ahead of races. He told RTL: “This decision is clearly wrong. [Drivers] are responsible citizens who are in the global public eye and know-how, and what, they have to say. “In general, we are in a democratic society and everyone can express their opinion.” Hamilton is set to be one of the most impacted by the new rule due to the seven-time F1 champion's passionate campaigning in recent seasons. READ MORE: FIA release statement after gagging Hamilton and co in new rule change Hamilton has taken the knee ahead of Grands Prix to raise awareness of issues around racism. The Mercedes star has also been seen wearing T-shirts branded with the slogan ‘End Racism’. Sebastian Vettel also pushed for changes with messages aimed at raising awareness of climate change and improving LGBTQ+ rights. From next season, drivers will need to receive permission from the FIA ahead of events to make any kind of gesture. Anyone who goes ahead without receiving permission is likely to be handed a penalty. Ben Sulayem has instead called on drivers to use social media platforms to express their feelings instead of doing so on racetracks around the world. DON'T MISSChristian Horner calls out Ben Sulayem amid uncertainty over Andretti [INSIGHT]Christian Horner airs feelings on FIA budget cap after Red Bull fine [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner admits Red Bull 'handicapped' by budget penalty [COMMENT] He commented: “We are concerned with building bridges. You can use sport for peace reasons … but one thing we don’t want is to have the FIA as a platform for private personal agenda. We will divert from the sport. What does the driver do best? Driving. They are so good at it, and they make the business, they make the show, they are the stars. Nobody is stopping them. “There are other platforms to express what they want. Everybody has this and they are most welcome to go through the process of the FIA, to go through that.” However, some have appeared to agree with David Coulthard partly supporting Ben Sulayem’s crackdown. He explained: “So we either have to mention everything, or maybe it's better not to say anything at all and concentrate on the sport. As an athlete, you are very lucky to be paid to do things that others would do for nothing. We also have to remember that it is the sporting rules that we are talking about, not some set of political regulations."