 Rihanna, 35, took to the monumental stage at the State Farm Stadium in Arizona on February 12, with very mixed reviews. Fans and celebrities alike initially seemed dissatisfied with the lacklustre performance, but the singer’s bombshell announcement minutes after stepping off stage changed the tune of many viewers.   WWE star, and burgeoning actor, Bill Goldberg, 56, was one in a string of celebrities reacting to Rihanna’s milestone performance. Speaking on the Car Cast podcast days after the Super Bowl, the wrestler slammed Rihanna’s halftime show saying: “I thought Rihanna was frickin' horrible. “I was disgusted by it. That's all. Let's just say that. I thought it was horrible, the understatement of the year." The podcast’s co-host, Matt D’Andria, agreed, saying: “I wasn’t a fan. It just seemed kind of boring.” READ MORE: Catherine Zeta-Jones sparks frenzy with ageless looks at BAFTAs after skipping red carpet  In the 13-minute performance, the singer went through her repertoire of fan-favourite songs like Work, We Found Love and Diamonds, donned in an all-red jumpsuit and surrounded by countless dancers all dressed in white. However, fans seemingly expected more from the Barbados-born singer and reviews were largely negative during the show with many questioning if her outfit choice was just ill-fitting or if she was expecting. Minutes after she stepped off stage, Rihanna confirmed through her representatives that she is pregnant with her second child, nine months after giving birth to her first. Following this revelation, more viewers began applauding the singer for undertaking such a monumental performance while pregnant.     Even notoriously negative journalist Piers Morgan, 57, praised the singer over Twitter, and caused some controversy in his comments section. He wrote to his eight million followers: “She did that half-time show while carrying a baby which is pretty damn impressive. “Congrats ⁦Rihanna.” Some of Piers’ followers took a negative view of the journalist's praise, blasting him saying “it is not uncommon” for women to “work until the baby is due” while others labelled him “Captain Obvious”.  Others were not as kind to the performer, as former United States president Donald Trump, 76, lashed out over the social media platform Truth Social shortly after the halftime show. He wrote: “Rihanna gave, without question, the single worst Halftime Show in Super Bowl history. “This after insulting far more than half of our Nation, which is already in serious decline, with her foul and insulting language. “Also, so much for her ‘Stylist’!” he added, referencing a post he’d made the week before saying: “Without her ‘Stylist’ she’d be nothing.”  NBA star Shaquille O'Neal, 50, defended Rihanna on The Big Podcast with Shaq, at the end of last week. The Los Angeles Lakers player declared: “She's pregnant. She blessed it. She didn't fall. Just leave it there. All you superstars that's disrespecting and causing beef….shut it up. “If she was my woman and I seen one of you superstars do that, I’m gonna have to get at you. Rappers. Presidential candidates. I'm gonna have to get at you. Leave her alone. “All you people that have got something to say, shut the f*** up.”