Boris Becker has lauded his old charge Novak Djokovic for his “unbelievable” achievement after breaking the record for most weeks at No 1 in tennis history. The Serb officially surpassed Steffi Graf’s 377 weeks at the top as he started his 378th on Monday and his former coach also backed him to fend off the likes of Carlos Alcaraz to extend his reign as the world No 1. Djokovic officially made history on Monday as he started his 378th week as the world No 1, overtaking Graf’s old all-time record of 377. And his old coach Becker was quick to congratulate the 35-year-old, telling Eurosport: “It’s an unbelievable achievement. I never thought this record could be broken.” The six-time Grand Slam champion also explained why it was tough to see Graf’s long-standing accomplishment finally surpassed, adding: “As a fellow German I would have wished for Steffi Graf to be the all-time leader, but being a close friend of Novak as well, I am not too unhappy either.” And Becker didn’t think that Djokovic’s streak would end anytime soon despite 19-year-old Alcaraz closing in on his number of ranking points. The Spaniard was one win away from equalling the Serb’s points standing and would have tied Djokovic on 6,980 had he won last week’s Rio Open but was defeated in the final.  JUST IN: Nadal's 18-year streak could be ended by three rivals amid injury woes   While he was unable to draw level with the 22-time Major champion, Alcaraz could still surpass Djokovic this week if he is able to compete in Acapulco depending on how well he does compared to the 35-year-old’s results in Dubai but the Serb has been backed to stay at the top as Becker didn’t see a threat to his ranking. “Novak is a fantastic guy and a great champion,” the German added. “Records are meant to be broken. Sooner or later all records will be broken, but this is one for the tennis history books. And guess what, it’s still counting. I think Novak will be number one for a few weeks more before somebody will take his crown.” DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz makes injury confession after losing Rio Open finalCameron Norrie wins fifth career title with revenge on Carlos AlcarazAndy Murray pulls out of Dubai Championship in injury concern Djokovic himself has also spoken about his huge milestone, telling reporters in Dubai: “Of course, it's surreal in a way to be that many weeks world No 1, to match Steffi Graf, that is one of the all-time greats of our sport, both men and women. “Just being amongst these legendary names is flattering. Of course, I'm very proud of it.” The world No 1 is playing in his first tournament since winning the Australian Open last month and will open his Dubai campaign against qualifier Tomas Machac on Tuesday. 