Manchester United are reportedly reaching out to sponsors for their views on Mason Greenwood as the club mulls over his future at Old Trafford. An internal investigation into whether Greenwood can represent United again is ongoing, and Erik ten Hag has been in contact with the 21-year-old. Earlier this month, the Crown Prosecution Service withdrew charges of attempted rape, actual bodily harm and coercive or controlling behaviour. The woman at the heart of the allegations against Greenwood was among 12 witnesses who refused to cooperate. United suspended the England international after his arrest in January 2022, and he has been told to remain away from Carrington while they investigate his future. There is reportedly a sense among United's men's and women's teams that Greenwood shouldn't have a future at Old Trafford. And The Sun report that the club have sounded out sponsors to understand their stance on whether Greenwood should return. JUST IN: Man Utd face awkward PSG confrontation as Emir of Qatar outlines plans  He was considered one of Europe's most exciting young forwards after breaking into the United first team under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, scoring 35 goals in 129 appearances. Greenwood was valued at £50million when he played his last game on January 22, 2022, a 1-0 Premier League win against West Ham United. But Greenwood lost his multi-million-pound boot deal with Nike and was removed from EA Sports' popular FIFA 22 video game after his arrest. He is still contracted to United, earning £100,000 a week on a deal until 2025. However, there could be fears in M16 that the English giants are at risk of losing important sponsors if Greenwood joins Ten Hag's squad. DON'T MISS Man City rivals 'left raging' by Pep Guardiola press conference rantTottenham 'surprised and bemused' after Guardiola calls out LevyJorginho and Trossard backed to get Arsenal over line in title race The Sun's report claims Ten Hag has spoken directly with Greenwood over the phone for the first time since becoming United manager last summer. The Dutchman 'enquired how he was feeling physically and mentally and said he was pleased the charges had been dropped.' However, he mentioned that the decision to introduce Greenwood into his squad was ultimately down to the club, not him. There is no timescale on United's internal probe on the No 11's future during a busy time for the club, with a potential sale on the horizon. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here