Kate, Princess of Wales has been long praised for her elegant but practical wardrobe and in recent months, it seems she has established her own dress code for weekday work; trousers, blazers and blouses or roll necks. Several fashion experts have commented on why the royal favours roll necks and what they offer to an outfit. Stylist Susie Hasler explained how roll necks are an incredibly versatile option, meaning Kate can change a previous outfit instantly, or be thrifty and re-wear a roll neck with new items. Susie said “the beauty of a polo neck is that you can wear it in lots of different ways”, suggesting it can be “tucked into” trousers, or “a pair of jeans for a casual look”. Roll necks can also be layered under dresses or jumpers. The fashion expert also suggested the roll neck had become a “wardrobe go-to for Kate as it is a safe bet” and allows her to be “hands-on” during royal engagements without “fear of a wardrobe mishap” She explained: “It works well for Kate as it’s conservative. She wouldn’t be able to wear a V or scoop neck when she’s bending down talking to children. It’s a very modest piece of clothing to wear.” READ MORE: Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school As well as a roll neck being practical, it’s also a flattering choice for Kate’s slender figure as they “balance” her outfits. Susie said roll necks “work really well for Kate’s shape” and explained if you had a big bust or broad shoulders, it wouldn’t “be flattering because the breasts will end up looking like they're part of the neck”. But “when you have a small bust and narrow hips” a roll neck “balances” the rest of an outfit. So for Kate they are a “Really good way of adding shape to a slender figure” and when “teamed with the right outfit it can look elegant”, the stylist told Femail. DON'T MISS...Top picks from Aldi Specialbuys & Lidl’s middle aisle this week [LIST]Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range [SHOP]Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE] Fabulous’ Deputy Fashion Editor Clemmie Fieldsend also said roll necks are an obvious choice for Kate because of their versatility. She said roll necks are “both stylish and practical”, adding a “thin knit jumper is the perfect blend of smart-casual” compared to chunky knit jumpers that are better for casual days. Roll necks are said to be “sophisticated and smart” without having to wear a shirt. Clemmie explained further how the high neckline on a roll neck “is instantly elegant and adds a sense of maturing to an outfit where other necklines can fail – or when you’re a royal show too much flesh”. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte set to have different future 'path' to George Some might think you’re unable to wear jewellery with a roll neck but Kate has taken to wearing necklaces over the top of the fine knits. The fashion expert said this is Kate “stepping up her accessory-game” as a simple chain or pendant “lifts” the colour of the roll neck. Kate not only wears roll neck jumpers, but she has started to recently wear knitted or ribbed dresses with high necklines too. According to Vogue, a knitted dress is part of the Princess of Wales’ new style formula; a belted knitted dress or coordinating separates under a classic winter coat with boots. The fashion publication says “the simplicity” of Kate’s winter wardrobe “makes it easy” for royal fans “to recreate at home”. She is showing you can “invest in a few well-made basics” that can be worn repeatedly in years to come. Many of the labels Kate has been wearing also come with sustainable credentials too.