Kate Middleton, 41, and Prince William, 40,  visited communities and mental health initiatives in South Wales today, ahead of St David's Day. The Princess of Wales wore a pair of earrings that she hasn't worn for over a decade. The earrings Kate wore were her faux pearl and faux diamond earrings from the brand Heavenly Necklaces. Kate has not worn these earrings for over a decade, having last worn them in 2012. The Princess famously wore them during the summer opening of Buckingham Palace in 2011. Then, for the late Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee, the Princess stepped out wearing these beautiful earrings once again. READ MORE: Kate and William’s affection is ‘calculated’, expert suggests These earrings reportedly launched a small jewellery company into the spotlight after being seen on Kate Middleton. Their definition on the Heavenly Necklaces said: “This picture really doesn’t show just how beautiful these resin pearl and diamond CZ pearl drop earrings really are – especially for bridal wear or on the balcony at the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee celebrations. "As a result, they’ve suddenly proved…rather popular! "The graduated ‘diamond’ stones form the total length of these wonderful earrings at approx 30 millimetres, including the nine millimetres pearl.  "They really are lovely – very popular with brides, and we always feel honoured to be represented at such an important occasion!” These earrings are not made from real pearls. Anything that looks like a pearl that is not coated in nacre, is in fact an artificial pearl. The earrings would formerly come in two sizes: nine millimetres and 11 millimetres. The Princess of Wales, however, wears the nine-millimetre ones. READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home  The earrings are reportedly made of three cubic zirconia studs set in silver. They are also attached by silver links. There is a silver cap at the bottom where a resin pearl is attached. Kate put the brand Heavenly Necklaces on the world stage when she wore them to the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee. The Princess also wore the beautiful accessories to view her wedding dress at Buckingham Palace with the late Queen in July 2011.  At the time, they retailed for just £58. Today, the Princess opted for a bespoke Alexander McQueen coat. She paired this with a Zara black and white houndstooth midi skirt for £19.99. To accessorise, the Princess carried her £675 Mulberry small Amberley croc-effect crossbody bag. She could also be seen wearing a new pair of bespoke Gianvito Rossi black suede boots.