Britain could soon supply Ukraine with long-range air-to-surface missiles capable of striking Russia, the Defence Secretary has suggested. Ukraine could receive more British tanks, Ben Wallace, the Defence Secretary has said, as the first wave of Challenger 2 vehicles is set to arrive in Kyiv. Mr Wallace told the Times he was “open” to providing more hardware to President Zelensky’s forces and didn’t rule out supplying air-to-surface missiles, amid concerns that the 14 British tanks given to the Ukrainians have the potential to break down in short order. President Zelensky, who on a recent trip to Britain called on Rishi Sunak to give his country “wings for freedom”, has requested between 300 and 500 tanks from Western allies to launch a spring counteroffensive. However, only 50 are expected to land in Kyiv by the start of April. Mr Wallace, on a visit to the Dorset camp where Ukrainian tank commanders are being trained to operate the Challenger 2, reaffirmed his support for Zelensky’s fighting force. “As spring and summer approaches we can expect Russia to have another go, but we know Ukraine will defend itself and we will do everything we can to help,” Wallace told Ukrainian troops at Bovington Camp.  When it was put to him whether he would consider providing the Ukrainians with more tanks, Mr Wallace said: “Would I be open to more tanks? Yes.” Fifty-six Ukrainians are being trained to drive the Challenger 2, whilst another 12 mechanics are getting to grips with how to repair and maintain the machines. These troops will take their specialised training and join colleagues being taught how to deploy advanced weapons systems donated by other western powers. A Challenger 2 tank has only ever been lost in battle once, according to the army. This was following a friendly fire incident in Iraq. READ MORE: Putin forced to pay Russians to attend pro-war event in Moscow stadium  Dust was the issue in Iraq, operators have previously complained, as the Challenger’s engine would clog up in the field. The tank is insulated by classified Dorchester armour and has a 120mm rifle gun with which to inflict damage. Besides the tanks, Britain’s hardware donation also includes 20 Bulldog armoured vehicles, 32 AS-90 artillery guns and two Challenger Armoured Repair and Recovery Vehicles. General Sir Patrick Sanders, chief of the general staff, warned last month that providing Ukraine with 14 Challenger 2s would render the UK “temporarily weaker”, according to the Times. This comes as the army plans to reduce the overall number of tanks. More than half the Challenger 2s are to be upgraded to Challenger 3s. Meanwhile, the Defence Secretary dismissed suggestions that providing Ukraine with longer-range missiles capable of striking Russian territory could lead to an escalation of the conflict. DON'T MISS: Everyone is 'fed up' with Harry and Meghan as they went too far and lost all 'credibility'  Mr Wallace simply said “let’s see” when asked whether Britain would grant Ukraine the use of Storm Shadow air-to-surface missiles. “I don’t think anyone is talking about weapons systems where we can go hundreds and hundreds of kilometres into Russia,” he said. “The irony of all this is we are warned about not putting different types of weaponry [into Ukraine] by a man who has illegally invaded a country and is firing Kalibr cruise missiles and Iranian drones from far away. I’m not sure I’m going to take lessons from him.” Discussions about Britain’s military support for Ukraine come against a backdrop of tense negotiations between Ben Wallace and the Treasury over funding for the Ministry of Defence. Mr Wallace wants an £8billion to £11billion increase in the defence budget. The MP for Wyre and Preston North warned the Prime Minister that Britain would become “vulnerable” to Russia by the middle of this decade if there isn’t a hike in defence spending. 