Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is finally in cinemas, kickstarting Phase 5 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. And while fans will no doubt be entranced by the spectacular visuals of the quantum realm, they may have missed a major reference during the tail-end of the picture. After Cassie Lang rouses the efforts of the freedom fighters, the warriors - led by the mind-reader, Quaz - battled their way to Kang's fortress. While on the way, they came across a bridge which required a code to progress. Quaz made short work of getting the information out of one of the guards, but the numbers themselves secretly referenced some classic information about Ant-Man. Quaz finds out the code to the bridge was 18147. Marvel comics megafans may recall Avengers #181 was Scott Lang's first-ever appearance in the comic books. This issue was released in March 1979. What's more, the comic issue Marvel Premiere #47 was Scott's debut as the new-and-improved Ant-Man. This particular comic book came out a month later, in April 1979. Before Scott took over as the new bug-based superhero, Hank Pym was the man behind the mask. It was then that Scott became the main port of call for all the Avengers' insect needs. While this is a fun reference for the die-hard Marvel fans, behind the scenes, Scott star Paul Rudd was having a rough time bringing his character to life. The American funnyman recently appeared on The Graham Norton Show where he waxed lyrical about his co-star, Jonathan Majors, who plays the series' new big bad, Kang. DON'T MISS...Paul Rudd left gobsmacked after prank call from friend Olivia Colman [INFO]Ant-Man and The Wasp Quantumania – MCU movies and TV to watch before [INFO]Catherine Zeta-Jones oozes glamour at premiere with Michael Douglas [IMAGES] Rudd described the American actor as "terrifying" and "pretty intense", but lamented having to stand beside him in wider shots. "I tried to bulk up and get in shape," the 53-year-old said. "But it was pointless compared to Jon, and why do it when Ant-Man never takes his shirt off?" Rudd's frustration follows him being awarded the title of Sexiest Man Alive by People Magazine. He also spoke candidly about the work he put into his third solo Marvel movie. Rudd told Men's Health he "worked really hard" to look the part for the role. He added it was "much harder" to get into shape this time around. "I had fallen off more than I had in the past," he confessed. "All of a sudden my clothes fit tight. And I thought, 'God, this sucks. I can't even wear these pants.'" He added: "So I'd say to myself, 'Well, I might as well just eat some of these cookies.' I was irritable and self-conscious. I just wasn't in a good mood. I really beat myself up.'" Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is in cinemas now.