Cristiano Ronaldo grabbed his first competitive goal for Al-Nassr on Friday as his late penalty rescued a point against Al Fateh. The Portuguese appeared on the scoresheet for the first time in his three games with the Saudi Arabian side, but the five-time Ballon d'Or winner will hope to show fans plenty more in the weeks to come. Ronaldo raised eyebrows by signing a mega-money deal with Al-Nassr just before the turn of the year. The 37-year-old claimed that he had won all there was to win in Europe and looked forward to a new challenge after leaving Manchester United in controversial circumstances. Saudi fans were given plenty to chew on midway through January when Paris Saint-Germain travelled to the Middle East to face an All-Star XI. Ronaldo scored twice but Lionel Messi's PSG won the entertaining affair 5-4. Ronaldo's first three competitive matches haven't been quite so positive. A narrow win over Ettifaq on his full debut was courtesy of team-mate Talisca, before he drew a blank in a 3-1 defeat to Al-Ittihad in the Saudi Super Cup semi-final. JUST IN: Arsenal's six-man summer shortlist as Arteta set to go fro the jugular Friday's match against Al Fateh appeared to be following a similar trend as Ronaldo blazed a rebound over the crossbar shortly before the interval with the goalkeeper in no-man's-land. He was also denied what looked to be his first competitive goal by the linesman's flag earlier in the first half. The match did end on a positive, however, as the former Real Madrid hero finished convincingly from the penalty spot to level the scores up at 2-2 in second-half stoppage time. A maiden strike at his new club should go some way towards settling Ronaldo's nerves, having shown signs of anger at points during the match. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have Jorginho issue they wouldn't suffer with Caicedo or RiceMan Utd break silence on Mason Greenwood with 31-word statementChelsea's best XI after eight signings in wild January transfer window  Ronaldo is undoubtedly the biggest name in Saudi Arabian football and he has become the highest-paid player of all time since signing his reported £173million-per-year deal. Despite his vast achievements in Europe and at international level, Al-Nassr boss Rudi Garcia has urged his players not to blindly pass to the forward at every opportunity. "It’s very important for the players to play normally and not always try to give the ball to Cristiano," he said before Friday's draw. "I told them they need to make the right choices on the pitch. Obviously when Cristiano or Talisca are alone and asking for the ball we need to give them the ball. These two players are able to make the difference."  In scoring against Al Fateh, Ronaldo notched the 499th league goal of his career and his first in the Middle East. His goalscoring exploits slowed down during the end of his stint at Old Trafford as he registered just one Premier League goal in 10 appearances earlier this term. Al-Nassr fans had to wait patiently for Ronaldo to make his debut while he served a two-match ban, which carried over from his time with the Red Devils. His next outing will likely be the trip to Al-Wehda on February 9. FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing! 