Whether you enjoy spuds roasted, fried, mashed or boiled, Maris Piper's taste great when picked fresh from the garden. Not only are they easy to grow, but just one seed packet can produce a high yield. And according to gardening experts, it's almost the perfect time to start planting them. An expert at Gates Garden Centres said: "The most widely grown and best-known variety of main crop potato, this Heritage Potato variety is great for beginners to grow and is suitable for storage. "It is high yielding with many cream-skinned oval tubers per plant that have a floury textured flesh. "They are essential for any cook as a versatile all-rounder with a good mild flavour." Like most crops, warmth is essential for germination so it is best to wait until March to sow your potatoes. READ MORE: ‘Most reliable’ tomatoes to grow for ‘heavy delicious crops’ The gardening expert said: "We recommend planting Main Crop potato tubers, such as Maris Piper, outside between March and April, 10cm deep and 20cm apart in a line." But before you start sowing, it is best to "chit" the tubers to "encourage sprouting". To do this, place them in a single layer in a seed tray without compost and leave them in a cool area protected from frost or on a windowsill. Chitting can be started immediately to give the potatoes a healthy four-to-six-week period before planting. DON'T MISS...8 gardening jobs to do in March to prepare your garden for summer [LATEST]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [REVEAL]‘Best location’ to plant hydrangeas in gardens - avoid ‘wrong area’ [INSIGHT] When the tubers are ready to be planted outdoors, you should choose a partially-shaded spot with well-drained soil. The fast-growing spuds will do best if you give them plenty of space in the ground. Around 20cm deep and 30cm in width should be fine. While potatoes are solid crops, you should take care to avoid knocking the shoots when planting. To do this, keep them facing upward and use a gentle hand when lowering the tubers to the ground. READ MORE: David Domoney warns of 3 winter gardening ‘don’ts’ - lawn will ‘rot’ Finish by lightly covering the potatoes with soil and leaving them to grow. Though they aren't high-maintenance crops, you will need to check on your Maris Piper shortly after planting. The expert at Gates said: "Once planted, earth up the potatoes by drawing the soil up around new shoots to protect them from frost damage and prolong the growing time. "Earthing up also protects developing potatoes from sunlight which causes them to turn green and poisonous. Keep potatoes well watered during warm weather." This should be done when the plants get to around 20cm tall. After this point, the potatoes should need nothing more than sunlight and water to grow. When ready to harvest, cut back plant stalks to ground level before gently lifting your spuds with a garden fork. Carefully remove the potatoes and wash them well before using them in the kitchen.