Endeavour will be returning to screens tomorrow (February 26) evening on ITV1 at 8pm with Prelude. The instalment will see the main cast coming back to the hit drama as the timeline of the prequel series draws closer to the original Inspector Morse drama. Season nine will also be welcoming actor Jack Bannon in the role of Sam Thursday, the son of detective Fred Thursday (played by Roger Allam). Sam hasn’t been in Endeavour since season five when he last featured in the story Colours. In Colours, Sam discovered a murder at his army base after a model turned up dead during a photoshoot there. Prior to this, Sam hadn’t been in Endeavour for quite a while with the character completely absent from the fourth season. He was last a regular back in season three when he appeared in all of the instalments in the run. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson Sam was then last mentioned in the season eight finale Terminus when Fred received troubling news about his son. He joined the army and was sent to Northern Ireland as essentially a police officer to maintain the peace. The young soldier had gone missing from his posting with Fred wondering if he’d been spooked by seeing a fellow soldier killed while on the job. Fred was trying to comprehend Sam’s disappearance as he said at least when he was on the frontline, the emery was clear but in Northern Ireland it wasn’t clear cut. Jim Strange (Sean Rigby) had been looking into Sam’s disappearance but hadn’t managed to come up with any news about the soldier’s whereabouts. READ MORE: Sean Rigby has played detective Jim Strange in Endeavour since 2012 As Terminus wrapped up, Fred asked if Endeavour Morse (Shaun Evans) could brief Reginald Bright (Anton Lesser) about the case they’d crack as it was proving too much for him. Endeavour agreed while Fred went to go and spend time with his family as they worried about Sam’s fate. Sam is confirmed to be coming back to Endeavour for the final run with viewers finally learning where he’s been since season eight. Addressing Sam’s storyline, actor Allam said the solider was a “huge worry” for Fred and was “out of control”. READ MORE: Endeavour: Who does Endeavour Morse marry? Allam teased how Sam didn’t really want to return home to Oxford and there was an “awful lot” to deal with both practically and emotionally to help the young man make a fresh start. The actor went on to say: “Sam feels humiliated about what happened when he was with the Army in Northern Ireland. “His experience there is a different kind of thing to what Thursday went through in the Second World War. “That was so vast with Fred fighting in North Africa and the Italian campaign which was pretty awful. Especially the Battle of Monte Cassino.” The star concluded: “So Fred will have seen things of a different order to Sam. But Sam was completely destabilised in Northern Ireland by not knowing who the enemy was. Whereas you fundamentally knew who the enemy was in the Second World War.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [THEORY]Coronation Street heartache as Kevin Webster receives devastating news [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [VIDEO] Meanwhile, lead and director Evans said: “We’ve spoken before about the surrogate father and son relationship between Endeavour and Thursday. But in this series Sam, Thursday’s real son, comes back. “He is not in a great place and needs all of Thursday’s attention. That further isolates and pushes Endeavour outside of that particular family circle. “Thursday is not his father and Morse is not Thursday’s son. He is on his own. That all offers something interesting and new.” He added: “Jack Bannon, who plays Sam, is fantastic. It was so lovely to welcome Jack back. He is a brilliant actor.” Endeavour airs on ITV1 tomorrow at 8pm