Almost half of drivers have admitted to driving in neutral in a bid to preserve their petrol or diesel levels. This is often called coasting and is when a motorist drives with their foot pressed down on the clutch or the gear stick in neutral. Rule 122 of the Highway Code warns that coasting can reduce driver control because engine braking is eliminated. With this, the speed of the vehicle will increase quickly, followed by the steering response being affected, particularly on bends. It also warns that increased use of the footbrake can reduce its effectiveness and it may be more difficult to select the appropriate gear when needed. Failure to have proper control of a vehicle can result in a potential fine of £1,000 or even discretionary disqualification. READ MORE: New ULEZ expansion tax will 'burden' drivers later this year This fine can increase to £2,500 for passenger carrying vehicles (PCVs) or goods vehicles. John Wilmot, chief executive at the UK’s biggest car lease comparison site, LeaseLoco, explained that coasting isn’t as beneficial as some drivers think. He said: “Coasting is no longer beneficial to energy efficiency due to the fuel system in the majority of modern cars. “When we drive downhill in gear our engine ECU detects that the accelerator isn’t engaged and cuts fuel from going into the fuel injectors. DON'T MISSDrivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes [IMPORTANT]Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [INSIGHT]EV companies call out other manufacturers for lack of climate action [SHOCKING] “We use no fuel or very little when driving downhill in gear. “However, when we drive downhill in neutral our engine and wheels become disconnected. “This forces a small amount of fuel to be sent to the engine due to the car not receiving the rotational power it needs from the wheels, instead of drawing that power directly from the wheels.” Drivers are currently still battling with expensive fuel costs, with petrol averaging a price of 148.89p per litre. READ MORE: Electric cars to represent less than a third of all vehicles by 2030 Diesel motorists are bearing the brunt of the fuel cost at 169.89p per litre, according to RAC Fuel Watch, although prices should fall soon. Mr Wilmot points out that coasting could result in potential vehicle damage, meaning drivers may have to pay for expensive repairs quicker than normal. When driving in neutral, drivers become reliant on the mechanical brakes due to the engine brakes disengaging, which can wear out the mechanical brakes much quicker. Because of the higher speeds, motorists will have to brake with much more force required over the same journey. This will result in brake discs and pads being worn out at a much quicker rate. Coasting with the clutch down is also going to cost drivers a lot more in the long run. LeaseLoco states: “The throwout bearing is the part of the clutch system that disengages the engine while the clutch pedal is pressed down. “If this throwout bearing is under stress for longer periods than is necessary you’ll need to replace it quicker than usual. “A faulty throwout bearing requires the dismantling of the entire clutch mechanism so it can cost a lot more than many may anticipate.”