The unhinged TLC show that has followed the love quests of eight “milfs”, who have been trying to find their true love in a pool of potential suitors, that are actually each other's own sons, has been one to remember - for all the wrong reasons. And just when viewers thought the untamed series could not get any worse, the latest challenge has been dubbed “a new low” for reality TV. The show, which began airing in mid-January, has included a bunch of, what some may call, odd challenges. One show saw the sons and mothers writing anonymous sexual admissions and then having to guess who they belonged to. The challenge revealed that one of the mothers has had sex in a shopping centre lift, whilst another one admitted to her son that she once slept with his best friend. From one shocking moment to the next, Milf Manor has brought yet another shocking challenge in true TLC fashion. READ MORE: MILF Manor fans blast ‘sick’ mother and son double date In last week's show, the mums were blindfolded and issued with the task of identifying their own sons through touch. One by one, each mother ran their hands along the young men’s shirtless bodies commenting on each man's physique. Standing in a line, many of the boys looked physically uncomfortable as the mums stroked them up and down. Star SoYoung, 51, suggested the game should have been played the opposite way around, with “men touching women”. If mum, SoYoung, could have had things her way, it would have meant her own son would have had to caress her own bikinied breasts.   Meanwhile, Joey, 20, seemed more concerned about his mum Kelle, 51, touching the other lad’s pecks, than with his mum touching his own bare body. He remarked: “I just hope she doesn't go below the waist when she's feeling these guys because that will be out of line.” In one viral clip posted by a user on TikTok, Mortensen’s son Joey talks about his mum’s breasts in detail as an explanation to why she gets attention from the young men. Mortensen responded: “It didn’t bother you when you were sucking on them (as a baby) either … you were really thirsty.” DON'T MISS:Kevin Costner’s Yellowstone ‘replacement’ slammed after ‘cancellation'Grammys fans outraged as Aaron Carter snubbed in In Memoriam tributesShania Twain branded ‘unrecognisable’ as she debuts new blonde look After the awkward display, viewers have understandably left fans in disbelief from the “incestuous” game. Fans took to social media to comment, with one horrified viewer @sharoncocolove writing on Twitter: “This seems so wrong.” Another viewer, @sarh0na_92 said: "This is disturbing on so many levels.” “This is TLC at its lowest," third viewer @elcapicasal commented with a fourth, @hessa.4291, saying: “Imagine fathers passing their daughters around to dudes their age. They would never air that ish. So why is this ok?” Another viewer @jonbarber1997 added: “I can handle a lot from TLC but I’m drawing the line here and not watching this disgusting trash.” The controversial reality show has been branded “vile”, “gross”, “weird”, “horrendous”, “disgusting”, “disturbing” and the “most uncomfortable show ever” on social media by viewers after just a couple of episodes. Daniela Neumann, the managing director of the London-based production company behind the idea of the reality dating show, said she doesn’t understand “what all the fuss is about”. She told The Washington Post: “The show is about female empowerment, erasing the double standard stigma of older women dating younger men, that everyone on the show had a good time, and that every man is someone’s son.” MILF Manor continues Sunday on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 