Accused quadruple killer Bryan Kohberger is housed with 22 other inmates, some of whom are accused of minor offences and others facing charges for serious crimes including paedophilia. The 28-year-old inmate will be kept at the adult male and female holding facility until his trial, which begins in June, is completed. In January, the suspected killer was flown on a police plane out of his hometown of Pennsylvania to Moscow, Idaho, where he was booked into Latah County Jail. He is facing four counts of first-degree murder and one count of burglary. After an almost seven-week investigation, police arrested Kohberger for stabbing to death Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20, on November 13 in their off-campus home. According to the jail's website, the facility holds both male and female inmates "awaiting trial, and those adults sentenced to local jail time or awaiting transport to the Idaho Department of Corrections".  It has a maximum holding capacity of 42 and is staffed by one lieutenant, two corporals and eight deputies. Inmates have access to the jail's library and recreation yard, which they are permitted to spend one hour per day. They also have access to attorneys, clergy, and special programmes, as well as work, school or treatment that may be necessary for certain inmates. His fellow inmates are booked into the jail accused of a range of different crimes including drug offences, assault charges and paedophilia charges. One of his fellow inmates is Micah James DeMoss, who faces eight counts of video voyeurism, two counts of child sexual exploitation material and a rape count. READ MORE: Family of Idaho murder victim could be witnesses Another is Brandi Lea Holland, who is being held on charges of aggravated assault, possession of a controlled substance and misdemeanour drug paraphernalia, the jail's website shows. Also housed in the facility is Jesse Eugene Burnett, who has been charged with lewd conduct with a child under 16 and four counts of promoting, publishing or producing child sexually exploitative material. Latah County Sheriff Richard Skiles told TMZ that Kohberger would be placed in a cell by himself and treated like the rest of his inmates, adding that he will be allowed to speak to his family on the phone. The jail's website reveals that inmates have access to telephones to make outgoing calls and visiting hours are between Saturday and Sunday from 1pm until 4pm. When Kohberger was booked into the Moscow jail, which is located less than 1.5 miles from the murder scene and right next door to a Moscow High School, a prison expert explained to NewsNation what life would be like for Kohbeger in the jail. Larry Levine told the outlet: "Well, most likely he's gonna be in protective custody because if they let him in 'general population' [there's a] good possibility somebody is going to try to take him out and kill him. "You'll get a lot of street cred in a prison by committing violence against somebody who's an informant, somebody who's a child molester, somebody that abuses women. "So his life is pretty bleak." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews