Andy Reid will need all the tools at his disposal in order to beat the free-flowing Philadelphia Eagles in Sunday's Super Bowl showdown in Arizona. However, the two-time champions have been hit by the news that one of this season's most effective performers won't be fit for the fixture. That's after it emerged the franchise has placed wide receiver Mecole Hardman on injured reserve, ruling him out of contention for the NFL finale. Hardman, 24, saw his regular season end in Week 9, with a pelvic injury listed as the reason for his absence. It robs star quarterback Patrick Mahomes of a key receiving option in Glendale, where he's hoping to earn a second ring in what will be his third Super Bowl outing. Kansas City return to the NFL's showpiece event having defeated the San Francisco 49ers 31-20 to lift the Vince Lombardi Trophy in 2019. Hardman recorded a single reception for two yards in that game and capped off his rookie season by winning a Super Bowl in what was a hugely productive pro debut. His six receiving touchdowns in that 2019 season remain a career high in the NFL. READ MORE Tom Brady announces he's 'retiring for good' as NFL legend brings 23-year career to an end  The former Georgia Bulldog did well to match that tally in his overall output prior to injury this term, adding two rushing scores to his four touchdown catches. Hardman had scored five times in his last three regular-season appearances leading up to his injury in November, including a hat-trick of scores in a 44-23 drubbing of the 49ers. His only outing of the post-season came during the AFC Championship win over the Cincinnati Bengals, where he managed just 17 scrimmage yards altogether. Nonetheless, he remains Kansas City's most prolific out-and-out receiver, topping the TD list ahead of all other Chiefs in his position. Hardman's absence against the Eagles will mean Mahomes continues to rely on receivers Marquez Valdes-Scantling and Juju Smith-Schuster, who has returned to full practice after a knee injury. There are still question marks over the fitness of emerging star Kadarius Toney, who was limited in Wednesday's practice due to an ongoing knee problem. DON'T MISS Philadelphia Eagles break remarkable 60-year-old record as they make Super Bowl Today's Hoda Kotb in 'emotional moment' with life-saving story between Super Bowl rivals Tom Brady could return to New England Patriots despite retiring as Robert Kraft speaks out  Star tight end Travis Kelce leads the team in the post-season with three touchdowns and 176 yards in his last two outings alone. The Ohio native is also set to make history on Sunday as he and Philadelphia-based brother Jason become the first sibling duo to contest a Super Bowl against one another. Running back Clyde Edwards-Helaire has given head coach Reid a boost, meanwhile, after he was deemed fit for Sunday's matchup. The team's former No. 1 rusher lost his leader status to rookie Isiah Pacheco earlier this season, though it certainly won't hurt the Chiefs' chances to have 'CEH' as an option as he looks to add to his six touchdowns this season.