 Adele Adkins, 34, was overcome with emotion over the weekend as she performed at her Las Vegas residency, Weekends with Adele. During the show the singer walked amongst the crowd and became very emotional when she returned to stage, explaining a sweet moment that had almost passed her by entirely.   Adele was walking through the crowds at her Friday performance singing When We Were Young with almost all of the fans around her filming the moment on their phones. However, one older man in the second row from Adele held his phone the other way around, trying to show the singer something on the screen as she walked past. Adele seemingly didn’t take any notice of the gesture and continued singing. When she returned to stage, the Tottenham-born star began belting out one of her most iconic heartbreak ballads: Someone Like You. READ MORE: Pauline Quirke is first Birds Of A Feather star to get MBE as she smiles at Prince William  In between the lyrics, the singer said: “This is for you sir who’s showing me his wife on his phone.” pointing to the gentleman. After the song, Adele explained what had happened saying: “When I walk through the crowd, I wish you could see what I can see. “I know I talk to a few people every night, but then I just see little stories of people happening. "There was a man, he's just there, can you see him holding his phone up? I think that's his wife on his phone, and I don't think she's here, and it just really moved me,” as she wiped away tears.     Adele continued, getting more choked up: "It looks like you're here on your own and I'm just so, so sorry for your loss, and I didn't realise what you were showing me until I was over here. “I see these little pockets of people’s lives as I walk through and it’s so beautiful.” Fans were swept away at the kindness of the singer, calling her a “pure soul” and “amazing human”. A fan wrote in the TikTok comments: “He looked so content even if Adele didn’t notice, like he was happy knowing his wife would’ve loved just seeing what he’s seeing."  Another commented: "The way he shows Adele, looks at his wife’s picture, and then grabs his heart,” with big-eyed emojis. Adele’s entering her last few weeks of her residency, which is set to end in March. Her Las Vegas run was originally scheduled for January to April 2022 but was controversially postponed 24 hours before the first concert was supposed to start. Fans were left in the dark for months before the rescheduled November to March dates were leaked in July.  Following the leak, the singer took to Instagram to confirm that she would be resuming her residency in November. She also revealed that those who had tickets for the original January dates would be prioritised for the updated run. She revealed in an Instagram post featuring the poster for her residency: “Words can’t explain how ecstatic I am to finally be able to announce these rescheduled shows. I truly was heartbroken to have to cancel them. “But after what feels like an eternity of figuring out logistics for the show that I really want to deliver, and knowing it can happen, I’m more excited than ever!”