Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag admits the impact of a tough season could derail his side's quadruple dreams. The Red Devils are aiming to win their first silverware in six years and then quickly add further trophies to the cabinet. United last won a major competition in 2017, lifting the Europa League under Jose Mourinho. But it has been a barren run since for the Old Trafford club. Ten Hag's side are the only team in England still in with a chance of winning four competitions. They play the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle later this month after the two-legged Europa League tie against Barcelona. West Ham are their opponents in the fifth round of the FA Cup next month, while they are just about within touching distance of top spot in the Premier League. Arsenal are seven points clear and have two games in hand but have to play title rivals Manchester City twice. READ MORE: Man Utd's Greenwood has problem even if club approve return to team  United, though, are set to have their squad stretched to the max. Christian Eriksen won't be back until late April due to the ankle injury he suffered against Reading. Donny van de Beek will miss the rest of the season, while Scott McTominay, Antony and Anthony Martial have all been missing of late. Ten Hag doesn't think Eriksen's injury was a result of the busy schedule. But the Dutchman insists that will play a part and could be an issue as they push for major honours. He said: "So if you see Christian Eriksen, you can't see that as an impact from a tough season, but definitely it's a tough season. "With the World Cup in between and a lot of overload for the players, that's quite clear. That process is already longer term coming on, that the load on the players is too much. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawBarcelona president's transfer promise will worry Man Utd and Man CityChelsea boss Potter warned he needs to meet two targets to avoid sack  "It's really down to the individual, how we see it and how we find reasons why things happen. But with injuries, if you play top football, you go across limits and injuries will come up, so that's also a normal issue, I would say." United are also without Casemiro due to suspension. The Brazilian will miss the next two league matches after serving the first game of his ban in the 2-2 draw against Leeds on Wednesday. United have only failed to win two matches since football resumed after the World Cup. Casemiro was suspended for both of those games.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here