Former MP Jared O'Mara has been found guilty of fraud, after submitting fake expenses of nearly £20,000 to fund his cocaine habit. O'Mara, who represented Sheffield Hallam from 2017 to 2019, was thousands of pounds in debt to a drug dealer, the trial at Leeds Crown Court was told. He submitted fraudulent invoices to the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA), the body which regulates MPs' business costs and pay.  O'Mara, aged 41, was found guilty of six counts of fraud. He was cleared of two. His co-defendant, 30-year-old Gareth Arnold, was found guilty of three counts of fraud and not guilty of three. John Woodliff, 46, was cleared of a single charge of fraud. O'Mara and Arnold will be sentenced on Thursday. Leeds Crown Court heard that the former MP made four claims to IPSA for a total of £19,400.  The claims were made for services he said were provided by a "fictitious" organisation called Confident About Autism South Yorkshire. The former MP, of Walker Close, Sheffield, used the postcode of a McDonald's restaurant in the city as the company's business address, prosecutors said. He was also found guilty of trying to claim £4,650 for services he claimed were provided to him by co-defendant Arnold. O'Mara was elected to Parliament for Labour in June 2017 defeating Liberal leader Nick Clegg but O'Meara became an independent four months later. The MP was suspended by the Labour party over comments he'd posted online before becoming an MP.  Nick Price, the head of Special Crime and Counter Terrorism at the CPS, said: "These claims for taxpayers’ money were blatantly false and O'Mara and Arnold knew that full well. "O’Mara invented a fictional autism charity and then proceeded to submit fake invoices, hoping they would slip through as legitimate claims. "Arnold assisted O’Mara in the deception, submitting a number of bogus claims, and was happy to go along with the fraud before eventually coming clean to the police." He added: "While serving as a member of parliament, O’Mara viewed taxpayers’ money as a source of income that was his to claim and use as he wished. "His actions fell a long way short of the conduct expected of MPs, and quite frankly, taxpayers have the right to expect better." 