There is growing literature supporting a link between Alzheimer’s and obesity, but the connection remains poorly elucidated. Now new findings suggest a genetic link may be at play. Researchers still firmly believe, however, that changing lifestyle habits in midlife may stave off the risk of brain decline further down the line. A new body of research led by the University of Texas Health Science Centre at San Antonio found that 21 of the 74 known genes related to Alzheimer’s are also linked to obesity. The findings reinforce previous research showing that obesity in midlife increases the likelihood of Alzheimer’s. Published in the journal Alzheimer’s and Dementia: the Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, the study also reinforces the belief that maintaining a healthy body mass index could stave off cognitive decline. Though it's long been known that obesity in midlife is a risk factor for dementia, the reasons underpinning this link have remained unclear. READ MORE: Oil from coconuts that could lower your risk for dementia - expert Thinning of the brain tissue is particularly apparent in the cerebral cortex, which is responsible for brain functions like speech, perception, long-term memory and judgement. Though these mechanisms elucidate the connection between Alzheimer's and obesity, it has remained less clear whether there is a genetic link between the conditions. To assess this, scientists examined a sample of 5,600 participants in the Framingham Heart Study. A total of 74 genes related to Alzheimer’s disease were also examined in the participants. READ MORE: Healthy hearts could ‘beat cancer and dementia’ for up to a decade The scientists discovered that of the 74 genes, 21 were either under-expressed or over-expressed in obese participants. Doctor Claudia Satizabal, assistant professor at the Glenn Biggs Institute for Alzheimer’s and Neurodegenerative Diseases at the University of Texas Health Science Center, said the findings came as a surprise. She explained: “We were expecting some associations because recent genetic studies of Alzheimer’s and dementia have pointed to genes involved in the metabolism of lipids and the immune system, both of which can be dysregulated in obesity. “However, we were a little surprised to see as many - the expression of almost 30 percent of the Alzheimer’s disease genes showed links with obesity traits.”