Yellowstone prequel 1923 is returning to Paramount Plus with a new episode titled The Rule of Five Hundred. Spencer Dutton (played by Brandon Sklenar) is making the perilous journey back to Montana to save his family. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Spencer believed the world was testing his relationship with Alex in the latest instalment after their tugboat capsized. Although they were on the brink of death, they remained hopeful and eventually a bigger boat came to their rescue. The pair got married as they continued the next leg of their journey back to Montana. Spencer is played by Brandon Sklenar, an American actor best known for his roles in the films Midway, Mapplethorpe, and Vice. At a young age he decided to pursue a career as an actor and filmmaker. READ MORE: 1923’s Harrison Ford ‘excited’ to return for season 2 Alex is showing her fearlessness as she overcomes every life-threatening obstacle in the series. She is determined to stay by Spencer's side, if it costs her her life. The character is played by Julia Schlaepfer, a 27-year-old American actress. She is known for her roles in The Politician and The Sky is Everywhere. Speaking about 1923's harrowing tugboat scene, she told Deadline: "When she decided to run away on an adventure with him, she genuinely wanted it and the danger that came with it. "But she didn’t what that meant and what it entailed. She didn’t know what the world was truly like. "We’ve watched her get absolutely rocked by all the things that have happened to them, the lions and now the boat. "She’s finding her strength that she’s never had to access before because she grew up in such a privileged upbringing. As they continue their journey, there are going to be more moments like that. It’s going to continue to be difficult for them." Teonna had a lucky escape from the school and she has since found a new friend in Hank. Together, they are hoping to track down Teonna's father as he is the only family she has left. Teonna is played by Aminah Nieves, whose previous credits include Blueberry and Dogwood. Speaking on why she took the 1923 role, she told Enews: "I didn't want to do it. I actually told my manager that I wasn't going to audition for it. "It's a big burden and you're opening up a lot more when you're actually living in what your family lived through." However, after acknowledging the brutalities and atrocities Native Americans faced, she made it her mission to tell their story. DON'T MISS... 1923’s Timothy Dalton exposes ‘nightmare’ filming1923's Brandon Sklenar drops worrying Spencer Dutton death hintYellowstone’s Kevin Costner to have ‘seismic exit’ after season 5 Hank is a mysterious character who rescued Teonna in her hour of dire need. He is familiar with her family and has agreed to help get her to safety. Hank is played by Michael Greyeyes, a 55-year-old Indigenous Canadian actor, dancer, choreographer and director. He played Crazy Horse in the television film of the same name, as well as Sitting Bull in Woman Walks Ahead. Other characters likely to return in episode seven are Cara (Helen Mirren) and Jacob Dutton (Harrison Ford). Jacob was furious after Cara told the sheriff about the attack on their family, but she felt they needed more protection. Viewers will have to wait and see what happens now news of Jacob's vulnerability is out in the open. Will antagonists Banner Creighton (Jerome Flynn) and Donald Whitfield (Timothy Dalton) take advantage?  1923 airs on Sundays and Mondays on Paramount Plus. The series also airs on Channel 5 in the UK.