Meanwhile, elsewhere, there is growing competition for geopolitical leadership among emerging powers. In Europe, the conflict has raised concerns about the continent’s ability to defend itself and the scale of its support for the Ukrainian war effort, with spring offensives looming. It has also laid bare the complexity of pulling out over the longer term from the bloc’s long-standing dependency on Russian energy. Collectively, these have posed issues to national and EU-wide positions on the conflict, and resulted in both coded and open disagreement – notably in the contortions surrounding the supply of Leopard tanks, and, more persistently, in Hungary’s heel-dragging approach to Russian sanctions. Yet, a level up from burgeoning political division on how to support Ukraine in its struggle, it would appear that public opinion on the necessity of doing so is holding strong. A new survey – of 10 European countries, as well as India, Turkey, China and Russia – released this week by the European Council on Foreign Relations (ECFR) found that, despite the challenges of the past year, Europeans remain united in their backing for Ukraine, and in their wanting to see Russia defeated in the conflict. This is reflected, most notably, by the togetherness of Europeans on the bloc’s energy supply. ECFR’s survey shows that majorities in the surveyed EU-9 support a continued embargo on Russian fuel, despite the real-world harm it is causing in some national economies. It is also telling from citizens’ perceptions of Russia, one year on, that upwards of two-thirds of those of the EU-9 (66 percent) and Great Britain (77 percent) see Russia as an “adversary” or “rival” of their country – a position that puts them in line with the US (where 71 percent noted this view).But, if the conflict has fostered Western and European togetherness, it has also exposed a gulf between the West’s perception of Russia and that of other nations. While there is some commonality on wanting to see an end to the conflict, the conditions under which this can be achieved differ, markedly, between the “West and the Rest”, in ECFR’s survey. In Europe and the US, for instance, the prevailing view among respondents is that Ukraine needs to regain all its territory, even if that means a longer war. The opposite is the case in China, Turkey and India, where most respondents prefer a rapid end to the war, even if that would see Ukraine ceding territory to Russia. The reputation of Russia, almost a year into the Kremlin’s so-called three-day “special operation”, also varies wildly. ECFR’s survey found that three quarters of respondents in China (76 percent), India (77 percent) and Turkey (73 percent) now see Russia as stronger, or as strong as it was a year ago. In some cases, too, the view that Russia is a global “ally” or “partner” of their country is stratospheric – India (80 percent), China (79 percent), Turkey (69 percent) – a stark contrast to the responses of EU-9 and the rest of the West, where Russia is not only viewed as fundamentally weaker, but described as “aggressive” and “untrustworthy” by pluralities. Perhaps the most pronounced divide, though, is revealed in how citizens see the state of the world and the future global order. It shows that, here in the West, the legacy of the Cold War lives on and is shaping public opinion. There is a strong belief that we are entering a bipolar world, headed, respectively, by the US and China. But, elsewhere, and particularly among emerging powers, such India and Turkey, this view does not hold. In these two cases, respondents see their country as a growing player on the international scene – and, in turn, foresee a multipolar world order developing, which will be split between numerous centres of power. In such a scenario, the West would be a single pole, among many, and would be neither the definer of order nor the leader of global democracy.This would place Europe – and the wider Western alliance – in an unprecedented position, as a defender of a rules-based order, but an ultimately ebbing power.European and Western leaders would therefore do well to appreciate the ambitions of competing powers, who may deviate in their positioning vis-à-vis the war, but who subscribe to the merits of an international rules-based order. By showing some humility, particularly in their engagements with countries that straddle the traditional democratic and authoritarian divide – such as India and Turkey – Europe need not abandon its values. Instead, it could uphold them, as part of a new coalition of like-minded powers. This will require a diplomatic balancing act of persuading emerging centres of power and bringing them on board on key resolutions, while understanding those nations’ priorities and how public opinion at home shapes diplomacy. The coming months will test whether European leaders are ready for the challenge, and whether they can strengthen Europe’s position in an increasingly divided post-Western world. Susi Dennison is a senior policy fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations (ECFR).