Alongside Trevor Noah, James welcomed Shania on Thursday’s show on CBS ahead of the release of her sixth studio album. While Shania had some choice words for the fact her upcoming record, titled Queen of Me, had been given a parental advisory warning, it was her eye-catching blonde locks and illuminating orange outfit which got fans talking. So much so, several Late, Late Show viewers took to the web to brand the Man! I Feel Like A Woman hitmaker “unrecognisable”. After a clip of the interview was shared to The Late, Late Show’s YouTube channel, one viewer under the username Furry Bear commented: “‘That don't impress me much’ Shocking wig!” While Polani Almoni agreed about the new look: “She's a beauty but the blond wig doesn't do her good.” Elsewhere another YouTuber by the name of Oceanside said of Shania’s transformation: ”Didn't recognize her at all with the blonde thing on her head.” READ MORE: Law and Order SVU fans outraged as they 'work out' Velasco exit twist “That is very blonde,” Juan Villabolas simply added in response to the clip. Even on Twitter, Geoff Rohoman was blown away, tweeting: “Just me or is Shania unrecognizable?” But there were some fans who jumped to Shania’a defence after she switched up her look. Another YouTuber, Tom S, hit out: “Shania is (still) cool! I hate when many people drag people's age to conversation - you can do whatever at whatever age and if you do it well you're successful.” (sic) During the chat with James, the former Gavin and Stacey star didn’t mention the 57-year-old’s changing look. Instead, he did bring up her new album and the fact that the “explicit content” warning slapped on her new album was “a first” for the star. “What’s this about?” James pondered. “What is this explicit content we are being advised by our parents not to listen to.” Shania left the audience in stitches as she replied: “I’m not sure what you f*****g mean by that.” DON'T MISS:FBI boss shares disappointing update on Amira's fate NCIS' Torres rocked by brutal murder of a child in harrowing promo NCIS Hawaii's Lucy Tara future confirmed as show boss details return The crowd along with James and Trevor burst into laughter before they joked about her previous songs including expletives such as: “Man, I’m a F*****g Woman!” Earlier in the chat, Shania had described the record as her “celebration album”, explaining: “I am celebrating happiness and joy and taking control of your own mood and your own spirit. “During Covid, of course - I wrote the album during Covid and it was such a heavy time for all of us. “But I said, ‘Okay, write some songs right now that change your frame of mind, write happy songs!’” “It’s absolutely brilliant” James interjected before Shania continued: “Mind over matter!” James weighed in once more: “There are some absolute bangers on this album, it’s brilliant.” The audience applauded Shania following her interview before James moved on to speak with Trevor. The Late, Late Show with James Corden airs weeknights on CBS in the USA.