Princess Anne, 72, is the patron of the Scottish rugby team, and so represented Scotland at the England vs Scotland Six Nations match on Saturday. The match took place at Twickenham stadium, and the Princess Royal attended alongside her husband Timothy Laurence, 67. Princess Anne wore a cute Barbour Saltburn Beanie hat, which was a black pom-pom woollen hat with a beige label on it saying "Barbour". This made the Princess look incredibly cosy as she enjoyed the rugby match with her husband. The description for this hat says: "Introducing the superb Alnwick beanie hat with a stylish chunky yarn and a contrasting ribbed turnup hem. READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  "Featuring a traditional faux-fur pom to the top, this must-have women’s accessory is finished with a branded tab to the front for a signature look." The black hat costs just £27.95, but if royal fans would like to purchase the scarf to go along with it, that would be a whopping £69.99. Princess Anne did not wear this scarf, opting instead for a green and navy tartan scarf. This was most likely to express her support for the Scottish rugby team, as tartan is a print that derives from Scotland. In a cute moment of solidarity, it was clear that Timothy was wearing the exact same scarf as his wife. Wrapping up warm, the Princess wore two coats. One was a navy coat with a large lapel that featured a shiny brooch attached to it. The brooch was circular and featured four sapphires around the circumference of the brooch. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet On top, Princess Anne wore a navy raincoat with the five Olympic rings all in blue. The coat was lined in a light blue colour on the inside, but navy on the outside. Princess Anne is the Honorary President of the British Olympic Association, and played a huge role in the London 2012 games. She competed as an equestrian herself back in 1976 in Montreal. This explains where she might have acquired hold of the suave jacket. The Princess Royal accessorised with a pair of simple silver stud earrings for some added glamour. Jamie Ritchie, the captain of Scotland, later raised the Calcutta Cup after their victory during the Six Nations Rugby match between England and Scotland. He was seen speaking to Princess Anne after the game who looked thrilled for the team and their victory.