Manchester United have reportedly increased their offer for David de Gea to sign an extension on his current contract, although contingency plans are in place for a replacement should the Spaniard refuse to sign. United have made a habit of inserting one-year options in their player contracts over the past few years to avoid a scenario of them leaving for free. This upcoming summer was set to be a huge one for the club with Diogo Dalot, Fred, Marcus Rashford and Luke Shaw all entering the final years of their contracts, along with De Gea. The club then announced in December that all four outfield players had their one-year option activated, but De Gea's deal was proving more complex. The United shot-stopper is the club's top earner on a deal worth around £300,000-a-week. United are reportedly keen to bring De Gea's wages down to be more on par with others at the club. Negotiations have been going on for several months now with De Gea currently able to speak to prospective clubs about a free transfer in the summer. And United appear to be preparing for all possibilities with The Sun reporting they have eyed Leeds star Illan Meslier as their preferred target should De Gea opt to leave.  It's claimed that the Red Devils see the Frenchman as De Gea's 'long-term successor'. Leeds snapped up Meslier for just £5m back in 2020 and he's established himself as one of the brightest young goalkeepers in world football. With the Yorkshire club under threat of relegation, several Leeds players will likely be considering their futures if they end up going down. And United could take advantage of Leeds' possible relegation by making a move for Meslier. However, the report also indicates that United's preference is to get De Gea to sign a new deal. It's claimed they have increased their offer to £250,000-a-week for the 32-year-old.  De Gea's place as United's No 1 came under question during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's reign with Dean Henderson pushing to take his spot in the team. But Henderson has once again been loaned out by United and looks set to leave the club on a permanent basis this summer. Meanwhile, De Gea has re-established himself as one of Europe's best goalkeepers under Ten Hag. And the Spanish shot-stopper recently praised Ten Hag for the atmosphere he's created around Carrington. "I've been in very tough moments for this club. Now I'm enjoying it more," said De Gea. "It's great. The team spirit is great; the atmosphere is great. Everyone is thinking in the same way, playing in the same way. "A good manager; good players who bring experience to the team; people who want the ball, who play well with the ball - it's a mix of everything. Everyone fights until the end. It's great to watch the team playing and performing well. We're on a great run."