Kate Middleton, Prince William and their little ones Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have likely tasted some of the finest cuisine in the world. However, like every family sometimes they like to kick back and enjoy some treat food. The Royal Family live extraordinary lives and their experiences are extremely unique. Their positions mean they get to meet iconic figures, travel to some incredible places and sample mouth-watering cuisine from all over the world. However, down-to-earth Kate revealed that her family of five is very normal at times. Even the royals like to chow down on some non-regal food now and again - including takeaways, pizza and cheesy pasta. READ MORE: How to ripen a banana in just 15 minutes so it's ready to eat  In conversation with BBC Radio One in 2017, Kate revealed that the family are "absolutely" allowed to order a takeaway, with William even calling it "very important". Asked what they would choose, the royal duo decided on curry, although William explained that there can be a huge "conundrum" between Indian food, Chinese food and pizza. Spilling a few more royal foodie facts, William mentioned that he isn't "too good" with spicy food. The Prince also revealed that their takeaways are not delivered to the palace itself but picked up by someone - not them. In another conversation with Mary Berry in 2019, Kate told the baking icon that she loves to cook with her children. This is because it inspires creativity and teaches kiddies how to be more independent. The royal revealed that one dish the family cooked together was homemade pizza using Mary Berry's pizza dough. READ MORE: The Queen may have hated Prince Harry and Will's favourite meal  She added that the recipe worked and the children "absolutely loved it". Back in 2019, People reported that Kate also cooks cheesy pasta with her three little ones, a yummy, indulgent creation. Matthew Kleiner-Mann, chief executive of the Ivy Learning Trust, reportedly said: "She was telling us how much her children love cooking and how they cook for her. "They made cheesy pasta the other day. One stirs the flour, one puts the milk and butter in. And they make salads and stuff." When the royals aren't enjoying a takeaway, homemade fakeaway or indulgent home comfort, they like to eat healthily. In the same conversation with Mary Berry, Kate said that Prince Louis "absolutely loves beetroot", while Princess Charlotte loves Charlotte potatoes.