Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has shut down suggestions that Jordan Henderson was becoming a problem amid the club's dismal 2022/23 season. The Reds captain has faced criticism in recent months, with many questioning whether his excessive workload has caught up with him. Henderson has started just 10 Premier League games this term and none of the last three, sparking suggestions that fatigue has taken its toll. The 32-year-old has featured in a jaw-dropping 91 outings since the start of last season and was a crucial part of Liverpool's quadruple pursuit. But Klopp has debunked talk that Henderson's fitness is becoming a problem, insisting he's almost undroppable when in prime condition. He said: "That's a lot [91 games since the start of last season], absolutely. People don't want to hear this kind of thing, but there must be reasons for a few things we have done this season. "You don't turn into bad people overnight or lose your football brain. Hendo is not a problem. He never was and never will be. If he is ready and in good shape, he plays 98 per cent of games or something like that." JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp refuses to answer question on Man City And the German boss snapped at a follow-up question on Henderson, stressing that the skipper wasn't a problem and claiming the focus shouldn't solely be on him. "He played as he's a very, very important player for us. No other reason. When he's not playing, you miss him. Easy as that," Klopp added. "I don't understand why we talk about one player. Everyone knows how much I respect him, but it's not about one player. Henderson is not our problem. He never was and never will be. "This week, they all look incredibly fresh. That's the truth. Training sessions look very good, super intense. He's [Henderson] had 91 games, but his 92nd could be a really good one." DON'T MISSAndrea Pirlo gives verdict on 'Yorkshire Pirlo' Kalvin Phillips Tottenham target Marc Guehi's 'stance on Chelsea return'Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag considers Marcus Rashford change vs Leeds Klopp will be desperate for Liverpool to shake off their rut of results as they enter a crucial fixture period, starting with Everton's visit on Monday. The Reds then face a daunting trip to top-four hopefuls Newcastle United, unbeaten at St. James' Park this season, next Saturday. Liverpool are still Newcastle's only conquerors in the Premier League this season, though it took a controversial 98th-minute winner from Fabio Carvalho after five minutes of stoppage time. They host Real Madrid at Anfield just days later in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 - a mouthwatering rematch of last May's final. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here