A mysterious pool of foam spotted leaking out onto a rugby pitch in a suburban borough of west London near ongoing HS2 works has riled up local residents.  The five metre (16ft) "mini geyser” seen on the sports field in Ruislip is close to an area where tunnelling work for HS2 is being carried out. Work was briefly stopped over the weekend while an investigation into the cause of the bizarre foam pool was carried out. HS2 Ltd, which is in charge of the high-speed railway project that has been years in the making, says that the foam pool came from a borehole leak that has now been sealed. However, they will continue to keep close tabs on the situation. The incident was reportedly first noticed when a brown, bubbling substance started seeping out of the ground. White foam could later be seen coming out of the grass on the playing field owned by Hillingdon Council and leased to Ruislip Rugby Club. This is close to where the West Ruislip tunnel is being built. The work involves the construction of up to 13 miles of twin-bore tunnels on the HS2 route to its southern terminus at Euston, which is being created using a Tunnel Boring Machine (TBM) by the joint venture Skanska Costain Strabag (SCS). Contractors quickly sealed off the area and started extra ground monitoring when they found out what was happening as they tried to prevent subsidence from the leak that is thought to have been triggered by an existing borehole. They are also installing additional ground anchors to protect against subsidence. Chairman of Ruislip Rugby club Jatin Radia said his phone started “blowing up” with messages from dog walkers asking after they spotted the mysterious foam pool. He told the Evening Standard:  “I saw the photos and thought it was unusual to say the least. “It looked like a bubbling sinkhole, you had a 5m pool of sludgy foam and bubbling coming through it. You could hear and see the bubbling. READ MORE: Face of ‘lonely’ Stone Age boy brought back to life after 8,300 years “Obviously it raised concerns of ‘what is this stuff?’ HS2 had already sent investigators, fair play to them, but they didn’t have a clue either. Even the specialists said something is not right but we don’t know what it is.” “We very quickly sent the message out to all our members: ‘Do not go near it!” He was also quoted by The Guardian saying: “Local residents have been up in arms about the HS2 project. When something like this happens, it raises concerns about unintended consequences. “This happened on a field, but what about houses which are being tunnelled under? How can HS2 reassure residents? The question is, is it safe? My job is to ensure that our rugby pitches are safe for both children and adults.” DON'T MISS Thousands urged to switch off electricity tonight in new test [REPORT] Octopus Energy absorbs another supplier as 60,000 customers warned [REVEAL] Mum's solar panel perks which includes making money from energy [INSIGHT] Stop HS2, which has been campaigning against the rail project costing the taxpayer billions of pounds, posted on Twitter: “A strange bubbling hole appeared today the grounds of Ruislip Rugby Club, directly above where HS2 have been boring. Oddly enough, it stopped bubbling when HS2ltd stopped what they were doing. They are currently guarding the hole….” Paul Jennings, who also captured video footage of the strange substance, wrote: “So the eruption from the HS2 tunnel at Ruislip Rugby club is still bubbling at least 48 hours since it was first reported on Saturday February 18. Need the @EnvAgency to tell us what it is and how much has been lost into aquifer. This raises questions about all HS2 tunnels.” An HS2 spokesperson said: “Upon discovering the small pool of foam in Ruislip on Saturday, HS2’s main works’ contractor SCS (Skanska Costain STRABAG) sealed off the area to investigate. “The pool appears to have come out of an pre-existing borehole, causing foam to travel up and pool on the surface. The area is safe, the leak has been sealed, and the foam has been cleared. There has been no impact on the programme schedule.”