EastEnders star Kellie Bright, who plays Queen Vic landlady Linda Carter in the BBC soap, has spilled some behind-the-scenes secrets from the filming of Monday’s bombshell episode. Viewers were astonished when there was a flash forward sequence to Christmas 2023, which teased the murder of a major male character. Even more shocking was six of the soap's much loved matriarchs are complicit in the death. As Linda, Denise Branning (played by Diane Parish), Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) watched on in shock, Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean), attired in a wedding dress, checked for a pulse before announcing “he’s dead”. Speaking to Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on Tuesday’s This Morning, Bright revealed there were actually two endings filmed to that shocking scene. “When we filmed it, they actually made Tish [Letitia Dean] film it two ways, so we had a ‘he's dead’ and ‘she’s dead’,” she confessed. “So, watching it last night was really the first time that I was like it ‘oh it really is a man.’” READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments The star, who has been in the soap since December 2013, also admitted none of the cast know who the victim is as, “we had a stand in, a body double if you like, come in". Kellie confessed she herself is clueless as to who the unfortunate man might be. “We’ve all gone right around the houses of who we think it could be,” she said. “I think there's going to be lots and lots of red herrings, little things that you're going to kind of go, ‘oh, ‘it's definitely him,’ and it's going to…shift and change throughout the year.” Bright also has no idea which of the formidable females commits the gruesome crime. “I mean I would be surprised if it was me [who murdered him],” she intimated. “The great thing about this is that the audience are in on this secret before we are because it's a flash forward. So, we as characters, we have no idea what's coming.” However she does have a theory as she explained: “I'm sort of feeling like it might be maybe a group thing. DON'T MISS...Adam Woodyatt’s ‘weight dropped off’ after giving up popular drink [INSIGHT]EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue [THEORY]EastEnders' couple torn apart as Eve Unwin exposes affair [SPOILER] “You know, something that we are all part of. I don't know. But that is again, I guess.” Surprisingly Bright admitted this was her first time working properly with many of the ladies featured in this huge storyline. “I'm really pleased that I'm working with them because I don't actually get a lot of time with lots of them. “You know, Tish [Letitia Dean], obviously we play best friends the show, so I get a lot of time with her. “But actually, the rest of them I hardly ever see… So, I am really excited about it.” This is the second year in a row that Linda will be at the centre of a huge storyline during the festive season as Christmas 2022 saw the culmination of her story arc with Mick (Danny Dyer) and Janine (Charlie Brooks) and marked the departure of both actors from the show. Tragedy ensued after it was revealed on Christmas Day that Janine had framed Linda for drink driving. In dramatic scenes, following a high-speed chase, Mick drowned trying to save a pregnant Janine after her car went into the river. Meanwhile Janine is currently in jail for her crimes having been reported to the police by her own brother Ricky (Sid Owen). EastEnders airs on BBC1 Monday - Thursday at 7.30pm