A finance expert says the most common mistake with money she sees people make is failing to make the most of employer-matched pension contributions. Laura Turner, who quit her 9-5 job to become a full-time finance blogger, says people miss out in their retirement because they don't recognise the benefits of pension contributions. She said: "Some employers will offer a generous matched pension contribution. "For example, they may match your pension contribution up to 10 per cent. It’s a great cost-effective way of putting away more money for retirement." The finance expert has also issued three top tips in an attempt to help households struggling amid the cost-of-living crisis. Laura, who runs the money blog Thrifty Londoner, told Manchester Evening News: "I moved to London on a low salary, and pretty quickly realised that I needed to get a handle on my finances. I started budgeting, looking at ways to cut costs, researching how to enjoy the city on a budget, and strategizing about how I could increase my income. "I realised there wasn’t a relatable woman who was my age talking about this stuff online, and so I started my website Thrifty Londoner and my Instagram page with the same name. I started researching and sharing more about pensions, investing and money management and this is the content that I share today."  The woman, who moved to London several years ago, quit her job in 2022 and is now operating her blog full-time. She recommends people look at side hustles to support their income. "I think service-based businesses will remain popular and profitable for 2023," Laura said. "For example dog walking, pet sitting, cleaning, babysitting. I also think freelance services are in demand - editing, writing, website design and logo design, for example. Product-based businesses could potentially see a decline in sales due to the cost of living crisis." But she stressed people must "know what they earn and what they spend" too. Laura said: "Know what you earn, what you spend, and what you owe. "Many don’t know these fundamental numbers and it’s important to be aware of your own financial situation. Set financial goals. To improve your finances, you need clarity on what you are trying to achieve. "This is the motivation that will drive you through. E.g, you might say to yourself, 'I want to pay off £5,000 of debt, so that I can then take my family on a holiday next year'."  She added: "Stay in your own lane. Try not to compare yourself to others, to influencers, or to celebrities. Unfollow and unsubscribe on social media to focus on your own goals rather than what social media is saying you should be prioritising" When it comes to energy bills, Laura advises: "First of all, check for your eligibility for any grants or benefits which you may be entitled to. Head to somewhere like Citizens Advice to find out more. Make sure heaters and meters are set up correctly. Check if you could install a timer or thermostat if you don’t already have one." She added: "Day-to-day options might be to use an electric blanket instead of heating, defrost your freezer regularly, use energy efficient lightbulbs, close curtains in the evening to keep heat in." 