Manchester City's players and Pep Guardiola were left enraged as they were denied a late penalty in their 1-1 Champions League draw with RB Leipzig on Wednesday evening. Josko Gvardiol's header levelled the game after Riyad Mahrez's first-half finish, but the visitors felt that they should have had a spot-kick given in the dying embers. As a cross came in following a corner, a header towards goal seemed to hit Leipzig defender Benjamin Henrichs on the hand as the Manchester City players protested, but surprisingly no penalty was awarded. Guardiola continued to disagree with the officials on the side of the pitch and at full-time insisted once again that a penalty should have been awarded. The BT Sport pundits were in full agreement with the Spaniard as ex-City winger Shaun Wright-Phillips was adamant that there was an infringement. Rio Ferdinand then took a jab at his colleague before admitting that he was correct. "Wrighty said it’s handball, it’s got to be a handball. The ex-Man City player. I need a close-up. Shaun’s devastated right now... That’s handball you know. He’s trying to push it away. Watch the City players’ reaction." "The City players’ reaction there tells you all you need to know. They all react and they all go towards the referee." Host Jake Humphrey then confirmed that the broadcaster would clarify with UEFA over whether VAR did indeed look at the controversial call, before former Premier League referee Peter Walton said that he has a direct link with UEFA and can see if VAR is being used, but they did not check the decision. Former United midfielder Owen Hargreaves added: "He played very well in the second half, Henrichs, when he came on, he covered that whole right-hand side, but that looked like it was handball. No wonder Pep was annoyed." DON'T MISSMan Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandMan Utd owners the Glazers almost gave £106m parting gift to Ten HagMan Utd staff members' view on being kept in the dark by Glazers  While there was little debate over the opening goal as Champions League specialist Mahrez finished calmly once the ball went through Gvardiol's legs, Guardiola would have felt slightly aggrieved by the equaliser. As an outswinging cross came into the box and Ederson opted against claiming the cross, Leipzig's Croatian defender leapt over Ruben Dias and his towering header sent the home fans into raptures. Despite Guardiola looking incensed at the time, in his post-match interview did not question the referee for his call. "I didn't see the penalty incident so I can't comment," Guardiola said. 