Rishi Sunak was eating ribs with his daughter when he learned that Liz Truss had resigned. Speaking with Piers Morgan on TalkTV tonight in his longest interview since becoming Prime Minister, Mr Sunak said he had sat down for a meal at a TGI Friday's. He had taken his daughter to TGI Teesside Shopping Park in Stockton-on-Tees, where he shockingly admitted he "wasn't thinking about politics". Mr Sunak said he planned to take his children bowling on the day, adding he had "moved on" following the political upheaval of late 2022, and the resignation brought him quickly back into the political fray. He admitted: "I wasn’t thinking about politics when Liz resigned at all. "I was with my kids having lunch up north in Teeside, at TGI Fridays, and we were finishing off lunch and about to head to take them bowling and I had somewhat moved on after everything that happened over the summer. "So, my head wasn’t completely in that space, if I’m completely honest. And obviously, she resigned and I had to think about what to do." READ MORE: Nigel Farage slams Boris Johnson and Tories over Brexit The Prime Minister added: "Ultimately, I strongly believe in public service and felt out of duty, more than anything else, that I should try and come and make a difference, given it was a pretty challenging fight." At the time, he told Mr Morgan, he had considered his career on the country's political frontlines was over. He said: "I had assumed my career in frontline politics had come to an end." The PM also gave his verdict on the state of the UK when he took over from his predecessor following her record-short premiership. He said: "The country was a mess when I took over." Mr Sunak recently passed his first 100 days in office, more than doubling the time Ms Truss spent in Number 10. But those few months have been marred by strikes and new Tory scandals. Obstacles only continue to mount for the fresh-faced PM, who remains almost as unpopular as his predecessors. /news/politics/1729750/Sadiq-Khan-heckled-London-City-Hall-ULEZ-expansion-Martin-Lewis-stage-video The latest polls show that Labour has successfully maintained a more than 20-point lead over the Tory party. Compiled voting intention data shows that Sir Keir Starmer's party has settled on 48 percent, while the Conservatives trail far behind on 27 percent. Speaking to The Guardian, a Downing Street source identified a series of potential forthcoming "traps". They said: “We have Northern Ireland, the budget – both times when we may have to find a way to bring colleagues with us when they might not be always be inclined to.”