Mick Schumacher has been pictured in Mercedes' new 2023 car over a decade on from when his dad Michael who drove for the Silver Arrows. Mick was seen smiling to engineers as he conducted his first seat fitting as he takes on the role of reserve driver for the new campaign. In one image Schumacher is seen grabbing hold of the steering wheel while getting his bearings in the new cockpit. He was also spotted talking with mechanics at his new team just months after he was ditched by Haas. The three photos also appear to give a glimpse of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell's new 2023 machine weeks before launch. The car has not been finalised with the bodywork not yet covering the car and the roll hoop appearing bland. However, in one image the team’s silver colour scheme can be clearly visible giving a hint the team will retain its traditional look for the new campaign. Fans were quick to note the comparison between Mick and dad Michael who drove for the German marque between 2010 and 2012 on his F1 return. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher could have 'been a hero' like dad Michael Twitter user @TheVFCastro posted: “Michael would have been there beaming with pride.” Meanwhile, “star_991 simply added: “Like father like son.” Schumacher stressed he was “thrilled” to be part of the team and “committed” to contributing when signing the contract back in December. He explained: “I take this as a new start, and I am just excited and grateful to Toto and everybody involved for putting their trust in me. “F1 is such a fascinating world, and you never stop learning, so I look forward to absorbing more knowledge and putting in all my efforts for the benefit of the Mercedes team.” DON'T MISSMick Schumacher posts picture with dad Michael amid health battle [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff raises doubts over Mick Schumacher's F1 future [ANALYSIS]Every word Mick Schumacher has said about dad Michael's health  [COMMENT] Schumacher was dropped by Haas ahead of the final race of the season in exchange for experienced F1 star Nico Hulkenberg. Team boss Guenther Steiner had put pressure on Schumacher to score points and was angered at a string of crashes from the 23-year-old. He is understood to have cost the team millions of pounds in damage after shunts in Saudi Arabia, Monaco and Japan. But, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has been keen to give Mick another chance to prove his skills and promised that no one will stand in his way in making a race return. He said: “The most important factor is his personality. He's a well-educated, intelligent and talented young man. You can see his junior career track record was very good and I believe that if we can give him a safe environment to further develop, he can be a good racing driver in a permanent seat in the future. “In the same way we have let Nyck de Vries go in order for him to achieve a career, that could be something that could happen to Mick. Whether it is in our team or letting him go somewhere else, we don't know at this stage."