American actor Will Ferrell made a surprise appearance at Manchester City to watch their Premier League match against Aston Villa on Sunday. And the 'Step Brothers' star had time for a chat about the beautiful game with City sensation Jack Grealish after the match. Ferrell is in the UK on an apparent whistle-stop tour of football stadia having previously stunned Wrexham fans by watching them beat Wealdstone 3-1 on Saturday in the National League tie. He even headed for a pint at the pub made famous by the 'Welcome to Wrexham' FX show before kick-off. The 55-year-old, who co-owns MLS side Los Angeles FC, then swiftly headed over to Manchester on Sunday for the big game at the Etihad. And after the game, it appears he made "best friends" with Blues star Grealish. A clearly delighted Jack posted a series of photos and a selfie he took with Will after the game, which saw City beat Jack's hometown club Aston Villa 3-1. Taking to Instagram, the right-footed winger wrote: "Did we just become best friends? What a man." Even Jack's famous followers were suitably impressed by his new Elf buddy. Musician Tom Grennan wrote: "Bruv, that's ledge," while former Citizens goalkeeper Shay Given gave it a couple of heart-eye emojis. An account that claims to be Ferrell's official Twitter account also shared a photo with Jack, with the message: "Great to meet my new British friend Jack Grealish at the Etihad today. He told me to buy Birmingham City and to get them relegated to League 2." Grealish previously addressed having Jude Bellingham, a Birmingham City fan and former player, in England's 2022 World Cup squad. The ex-Aston Villa captain couldn’t help but joke about the Midlands rivalry their former clubs share. Football history suggests the England stars might not be friends, given Bellingham came through the youth ranks at Birmingham and Grealish is a die-hard Villa fan. But despite this, Bellingham told talkSPORT Grealish made him feel more than welcome in the England camp, giving him a massive hug when they first saw each other. Despite being just 19, Bellingham was one of the most important players for England in Qatar - and Grealish revealed he’s full of admiration for his old club’s former rival. He said: “I didn’t honestly expect anything else, the way he’s started the season playing for Borussia Dortmund. Even in the Champions League he’s been on fire so I didn’t expect anything else. “It’s crazy to think he’s only 19 years old and the way he plays you know he’s so mature. You know I think we’ve all seen players in the past that have been so good but you can tell that they’re young by the way they’ve played. “But he plays like he’s a 25, 30-year-old player that’s being playing at the top for years. He’s got everything honestly, he can defend, he can tackle, he can run, he can dribble, he can score, he can assist. So you know, fair play to him.” Both players have long since moved on from their first clubs, with Grealish signing for Manchester City in 2021 and Bellingham playing for Borussia Dortmund since 2020. But there is one thing Grealish wishes he could change about his pal. He joked: “Just a shame he doesn’t support Aston Villa! That’s the only problem with him."