One Direction have been officially split up since 2016, but that hasn't stopped their fans from calling for a reunion ever since. While teases have come and gone, the band themselves have remained rather quiet about their future. With that said, Niall Horan recently appeared on the Kelly Clarkson show where he seemed to confirm something was happening behind the scenes. Horan was promoting his new spot on The Voice USA. During this conversation, he started reminiscing about his days on the talent show that made him, The X Factor. "We were so lucky,” Horan said. "You would see all the other artists melting all the time over everything. And we were just 16, 17, 18, 19 – whatever we were. It was so fun." He noted how he would "do it again" in the future if he had the chance. "That’s why I’m doing The Voice,” he laughed. Referring to the relationship the 1D boys have now, seven years after their split, he added: "Course, we speak constantly, so it’s a good little thing to have." The One Direction fandom (the Directioners) naturally lost it at this unexpected comment. Rose wrote on Twitter: "are we just going to ignore that niall horan went on the kelly clarkson show and said he and the (1d) boys still talk constantly????" (sic) Noelle agreed: "Niall Horan did NOT just say in the Kelly Clarkson show that there is a One Direction group chat and they speak 'constantly'." (sic) Horan's confession even improved the odds on a One Direction reunion in the near future. DON'T MISS...One Direction reunion hits major obstacle following Harry Styles newsHarry Styles blasted for ‘tone deaf’ Grammys acceptance speechHarry Styles - Statement issued after One Direction star's injury Ladbrokes has now slashed the odds on a One Direction reunion in the next 12 months to 3/1 from 6/1. The bookies' Alex Apati said: "Directioners are looking for little things from the boys to suggest a comeback is on the cards, and Niall's recent admission has led to us slashing odds in half on an imminent reunion, now we know the lads are in regular contact." If that isn't enough to excite you, don't forget this isn't the first time one of the band members has commented on the band's relationship in recent months. Grammy Award-winner Harry Styles recently appeared on the Spout Podcast where he was quizzed about the possibility of making a comeback. He explained: "The thought of it is really nice. I’d love for there to be a time where it felt like something we all wanted to do." After being pressed, he added: "Yeah, I think if there’s a moment for us to do it in the right way, I think it’d be great." He also looked back on his time with the band fondly, adding: "I think we all went through something really special together, and there’s a lot of love there."