Sir Jim Ratcliffe is the only bidder for Manchester United at the current moment in time, according to reports. The INEOS chief is open to ousting the Glazers at Old Trafford, with the Americans finally willing to sell up. However, the takeover process is moving slowly and the 70-year-old has certain rules when it comes to buying his favourite club. The Glazers confirmed they were open to selling United back in November, shortly after they’d been criticised by Cristiano Ronaldo in his bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. But The Athletic say that, right now, Ratcliffe remains the only candidate when it comes to a potential takeover. The 70-year-old is said to be the ‘only bidder’ for United but, having made his billions by being an astute businessman, won’t pay over the odds. Widespread reports have suggested the Glazers would want as much as £8billion to sell their asset, having previously paid £790million for the club in 2005. But Ratcliffe won’t break the bank to buy United and ‘won’t join a bidding war if there’s nobody to bid against’. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford It is said to be a slow process right now, at a time where Liverpool are also on the market. The Glazers’ decision to announce they were open to offers for United has ‘cast some shade over Liverpool’s prospectus’ - with the Red Devils appearing to be a more-attractive option for potential suitors. Both United and Liverpool’s owners FSG have been encouraged to sell up after seeing Chelsea fetch £2.5bn upon being bought by Todd Boehly last year. The report adds the Qataris are looking for a minority stake in Premier League power, at a time where they’re open to selling 10 to 15 per cent of Paris Saint-Germain. Crystal Palace co-owners Josh Harris and David Blitzer are interested in buying stakes in either United or Liverpool. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit But there doesn’t appear to be anything to suggest the Saudis are interested, having previously purchased Newcastle. Who ultimately ousts the Glazers at United remains to be seen. But whoever comes in will inherit a team currently firing on all cylinders, with Erik ten Hag working miracles behind the scenes. United had a rocky start to the season, losing against Brighton and Brentford. Yet they’ve improved ever since and remain the only club in the country who can win all four competitions they’re competing in. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Regarding Ratcliffe, meanwhile, Gary Neville recently endorsed the British billionaire. But he also warned that, should the 70-year-old come in, United could still struggle to compete with some of the richest clubs on the planet. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: “The main thing is that the Glazers leave as quickly as possible and the second thing is that whoever takes it over, if they could hand it over to people who are in good hands and have a feeling for the club, that would be great. “Jim Ratcliffe was born in Manchester and knows the area. If he wins it, I think there will be a lot of very happy Manchester United fans. “He would want to do the right thing by the club - in fact I am sure that he would. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract “That’s the main thing beyond the Glazers leaving, that they don’t hand it over.” He added: “I don’t think United can hand it over to another investment firm who are expecting a return on their money. “That’s what worries me a little bit about private enquiry coming into football and that ultimately, they are looking for a return on their money and a return on their investment. “If that’s the case, it could mean that United aren’t in a similar place to where this club [Manchester City] are here, or Newcastle with benefactors who are happy to live debt free, not have interest payments, not leverage debt against the club. “Manchester United need to be a debt-free football club, with someone who’s willing to put money in.”