Arsenal can still complete transfer business even though the window has shut for the remainder of the season. Attention now turns to the summer and talks over plenty of deals are set to become active, including a blockbuster move for Declan Rice and the potential arrival of free agents. Express Sport looks at four transfers Arsenal can work on over the coming months. Declan Rice Arsenal are believed to be favourites to sign West Ham captain Declan Rice in the summer. The Gunners could spend the next few months completing the groundwork ahead of a move. The Emirates Stadium hierarchy believe that Rice could cost around £70m, a bargain prompted by the fact that the England midfielder will have just 12 months remaining on his contract come June. Arsenal are expected to be busy ahead of the 2023-24 campaign, regardless of whether they seal a shock Premier League title triumph. Rice is likely to headline their list of arrivals, with the 24-year-old apparently impressed by Mikel Arteta. READ MORE: What Arsenal stars think about Jorginho transfer from Chelsea Evan Ndicka Some depth at centre-back would not go amiss for Arteta with the north Londoners to be competing in the Champions League next season, bar a remarkable downturn in form. France defender Evan Ndicka is out of contract at Eintracht Frankfurt in the summer. The 23-year-old does not appear to be signing a new contract with the Bundesliga club. Clubs have been able to agree pre-contract terms with foreign players since the start of January. Arsenal could do much worse than tempt Ndicka to join to provide back-up to William Saliba and Gabriel, while being a ready-made replacement should either of Arteta’s first choice centre-backs leave in the near future. DON'T MISS...Four reasons Arsenal are right to sign Jorginho from ChelseaMan Utd, Chelsea and Arsenal get £61m boost with Rafael Leao demandJorginho has already given honest verdict on Arsenal as transfer nears Youri Tielemans Arsenal are long-term admirers of Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans. They have come close to striking a deal in previous windows, but a switch has never materialised. With Tielemans now running down the remaining months of his contract, Arsenal could spend the next few weeks reaching a pre-contract agreement. The Belgian would add depth and quality to Arteta’s midfield. The Gunners will face strong competition from the likes of Manchester United and clubs from abroad. But with Arteta’s progress at the Emirates Stadium, the north Londoners would surely be Tielemans’ preferred destination. Wilfried Zaha Wilfried Zaha to Arsenal has been an ongoing transfer rumour for the best part of a decade. The Gunners first wanted to sign the flying Crystal Palace winger prior to his failed transfer to Manchester United in 2013. A move very nearly came to fruition in 2019 but Arsenal decided their £72m was better spent on Nicolas Pepe instead. Zaha, a boyhood fan, wanted Palace to sell him to the north Londoners. But the now-30-year-old has remained at Selhurst Park, providing some important goals in south London. Out of contract at the end of the season, Zaha is another potential free agent who Arsenal could sign.