Manchester United and Crystal Palace have been charged with failing to control their players following their clash last weekend, with Marcus Rashford scoring the winner in United's 2-1 win. Twenty players clashed in the second-half of their match on Saturday afternoon after a late take from Palace’s Jeffrey Schlupp on Antony, which saw the winger barged off of the pitch. The Brazilian was furious with the challenge, with his teammates also incensed by the timing of the tackle and felt it put their summer signing at risk of injury. The brawl saw several stars clash, with United’s Casemiro shown a straight red card after VAR caught the former Real Madrid star put both hands around the neck of Will Hughes. The FA have now stepped in to charge both clubs, releasing a statement that read: "Manchester United FC and Crystal Palace FC have been charged following a mass confrontation between their players in the 67th minute of the Premier League fixture on Saturday 4 February 2013. "It's alleged that both clubs failed to ensure their players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion and/or refrained from provocative behaviour, and it's also alleged that Manchester United FC failed to ensure its players refrained from violent behaviour. "Manchester United FC and Crystal Palace FC have until Monday 13 February 2023 to respond." It remains to be seen whether either side attempt to appeal the charges given the nature of the scuffle or if they opt to accept their punishment and turn their attention to future matches. Erik ten Hag spoke about the heated confrontation after the match, feeling that it was unfair for Casemiro to be the only player to have been given his marching orders considering how many players were involved in the scuffle. He explained: “You see this team stands for each other, there’s such a good spirit in the team and they don’t accept when a player from us can be badly injured and that is the way Antony got treated. “This team sticks together, but of course you have to control your emotions. But it’s really difficult in such moments. And then I see two teams fighting each other. I see two teams who have several players crossing the line. And then one player is picked out and gets sent off and for me that’s not right." Casemiro’s three-match ban was a hammer blow to the Red Devils, with his absence clear to see on Wednesday evening when his side drew 2-2 with Leeds. His teammates will be hoping to right the wrongs of that outing at Old Trafford this weekend when the two teams meet again.