Households across England and Wales will pay more for their water usage from April when the biggest increase in almost 20 years will come into effect. According to Water UK, the typical bill will increase to an average of £448 per year, marking a staggering 7.5 percent price hike. Using less water around the house is one way to curb the added expense, and a sustainable cleaning expert has shared exactly how to do it while working your way through the laundry heap. Kathleen Bell, sustainable cleaning expert at smol said: "Whether for your wallet or the planet, water is something many of us could all do with saving a little more of, and laundry isn’t a bad place to start. "The first thing is to recognise that your washing machine uses a lot of water every cycle. If you’re interested to see how much your weekly laundry could be costing you in water, smol actually has an online calculator which shows Brits inputting their wash routine a complete breakdown of their laundry costs, including how much they will currently be spending on water." According to the team at How to Save Water, the exact amount depends on the efficiency of your appliance. They explained that this can "vary greatly", though the "most efficient" machines will generally use six litres of water per kilogram, compared to 14 litres for the "least efficient" models. But no matter how efficient your washing machine is, Kathleen noted that there are a few things everyone can do to make their laundry routine less expensive. READ MORE: ‘The best’ method to clean toilet bowl without bleach She said: "The first thing I’d recommend doing if you want to start saving water is to dig out your washing machine’s manual (if you don’t have this to hand, you can usually find these very easily online). "You also want to use the shortest, coolest, and most importantly, lowest water cycle possible and this isn’t always the option called ‘Eco’." Running a washing machine on the eco setting normally takes around two hours or more, yet it is more economical than doing a quick, 30-minute spin. Appliances expert, Andrew Lord of Lord Electricals noted that while it sounds counterintuitive, the longer cycle actually uses less water and energy. He explained that this is because they get a long soak while still reaching the same 30-40C temperature as a standard setting, so the water takes less time to heat up. DON'T MISS...Savvy homeowner saves thousands on £6,500 bedroom renovation with DIY [PICTURES]Clean oven doors with 29p item that's 'faster' than baking soda [INSIGHT]Exact temperature you can safely switch off your central heating [EXPERT] If your appliance doesn't have an eco setting or you're looking for other ways to cut costs, Kathleen recommended sticking to one simple rule. She said that if you can't fill the machine with your dirty laundry pile, you should wait until you can to run a wash cycle. The sustainable cleaning expert explained: "Only run your machine when you’ve got a full load; when your drum is not at capacity you will waste both water and energy. "An easy way to check if your machine is full is to use your hand- leave a palm’s width between the top of your laundry and the top of the drum." READ MORE: 'Rule of thumb' for washing pyjamas to avoid 'breeding' bacteria Kathleen noted that more people are guilty of over-washing everything from clothes to towels and bedding, and that wasteful habits are more common than you may think. In fact, according to research by smol, almost one-fifth of Britons are frequently or regularly washing their clothes even when they're not noticeably dirty. The brand's cleaning expert said: "Perhaps the best way to save on water is to cut back on these unnecessary washes and only clean the clothes that need it such as underwear or items that are visibly dirty. "Washing your clothes less will not only save you money - it will also help your clothes to last longer!" If you are prone to laundering clothes simply to make them feel fresh rather than actually clean them, there are plenty of other tricks you can try. Kathleen recommended shaking your clothes out when you take them off and leaving them to air for a few hours. She said: "Leaving them hung up to air out overnight is a great way to get another wear out of an outfit. "You can also try hanging your clothes by an open window or even in a bathroom after a shower, both of which will freshen clothes up and help to fade faint smells." Or, if you're looking for an even quicker fix, you can try making your own fabric freshener. In a spray-nozzle bottle, add water and a few drops of liquid fabric conditioner. Shake well and spritz over your clothes.