Tom Jones has just announced two more shows for later this year in Audley End, Essex, and Cardiff Castle. These monumental concerts will put the Welsh star in front of thousands of fans - but to get involved you'll need to get tickets as soon as they go on sale this week. Tickets for Tom Jones' show at Audley End, Essex, go on sale tomorrow, Friday, February 10, 2023, at 9am. You can buy your tickets for the enormous show here via Ticketmaster. These tickets will likely cost anywhere from £50 to £120 - so fans should prepare to drop a large chunk of change for the shows. Tickets for Tom Jones' concert at Cardiff Castle also go on sale tomorrow, Friday, February 10, 2023, but an hour later at 10am. These tickets can be picked up at Ticketmaster here, but there will be plenty of room for punters to get involved. Buy Tom Jones tickets here. Cardiff Castle is a medieval castle and Victorian Gothic mansion positioned in the centre of Wales' capital. The gorgeous monument has a capacity of 10,000 people, so fans in Wales should be able to snap up tickets with relative ease. Sir Tom Jones is hitting Cardiff Castle's massive stage on July 21, 2023, and will hopefully create a gorgeous summer vibe throughout the concert. Just a few weeks later, on August 6, 2023, he'll arrive at Essex's Audley End, a 17th-century country house in conjunction with Heritage Live, a company promoting classic buildings with powerful music. DON'T MISS...Beyoncé tour tickets: UK tickets for Renaissance OUT NOW [TICKETS]Parklife 2023 tickets on sale now - The 1975 headline festival [NEWS]Kasabian and Wet Leg tickets out now for Teenage Cancer Trust [INFO] Heritage Live Organiser Giles Cooper said: "Last year’s show by Tom Jones at Audley End was so special for everyone in attendance. To be able to have him perform once again as part of our concert series for 2023 is truly wonderful. Audley is such a spectacular setting for live music, and 2023 is shaping up to be the best year of shows there yet.” Tom Jones is also playing at some other venues around the country throughout the summer. On top of Audley End and Cardiff Castle, the What's New Pussycat star will be gracing the stages of Belfast's Ormeau Park, Bright's Stanmer Park, Newbury Racecourse, Sandown Park Racecourse and Leicestershire Country Cricket Ground. You can get tickets to all of these events here.