Call The Midwife fans will be delighted to learn four favourite characters will definitely return for the next series despite storylines suggesting they might depart the show. The BBC recently announced the popular Sunday night watch was renewed for at least two more seasons which means the multiple award-winning period drama will now be on air until 2026. Series 13 will begin filming in the spring and actors Helen George (who plays Trixie Franklin), Olly Rix (Matthew Aylward), Judy Parfitt (Sister Monica Joan) and Zephryn Taitte (Cyril Robinson) are all confirmed to remain with the show. The season finale is set to air on Sunday, having been delayed by a week to make way for the BAFTAs, with viewers eagerly awaiting Trixie and Matthew’s big day. However, fans have been worried the newlyweds may depart Poplar to build a life of domestic bliss elsewhere. This is despite the fact Matthew has invested heavily in the area attempting to use his money for good by improving conditions for the local residents. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Thankfully it seems that marriage won’t dampen the couple’s altruistic nature. “They’ve got so much work to do there and they’re both very driven, so I can’t see them moving away,” said George. Rix concurred with his co-star telling Mirror Online: “Their focus is on changing things around them. “It doesn’t seem to be remotely in their characters to just hang that all up now and enjoy the quiet life. That’s not who they are.” “There’s no sense that he’s wanting to extricate himself or her from that [changing things]. "His money is something that facilitates that but, money or not, that’s where his heart is.” While their wedding is not without last-minute hitches it serves to reinforce their love of the community as everyone bands together to ensure they have a magical day despite their plans going awry. One guest viewers are hoping makes it to the church on time is fan favourite sister Monica Joan. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife stars detail 'heart-stopping' wardrobe malfunction [INSIGHT]Call The Midwife's Helen George details unlikely drama while filming [LATEST]Call the Midwife viewers to be wowed with marriage of Trixie and Matt [PICTURES] In the penultimate episode her life hung in the balance after contracting Hepatitis during an outbreak in the area. But with the announcement of Parfitt’s return it seems the beloved nun will be back to the dithering self for the foreseeable future. Another character who appeared to have a questionable future on the show was engineer Cyril. Since his wife Lucille (Leonie Elliot) departed Poplar as she battled severe depression, his story arc has been deliberately vague about whether or not he would remain in the area without her. At one point he even travelled to Jamaica to join her in an attempt to save their marriage, giving the impression this would be the last we saw of him. Thankfully, he returned, albeit sans Lucille, and with Taitte confirmed to stay, this Sunday viewers will see Cyril play a crucial role in securing the future of nursing convent Nonnatus House for several years to come. The season finale of Call the Midwife airs this Sunday, February 26th at 8pm in BBC1. All previous seasons and episodes are available to watch on the BBC iPlayer.