Jeremy Clarkson, 62, is almost a foot taller than his former Top Gear co-star Richard Hammond - 6ft 4in to his 5ft 5in - and this afternoon, he didn't hesitate to poke fun at his pal on social media. Uploading an image on Instagram of a row of car seats that were miniature in the extreme, he joked: "Seats for Hammond!" Fans were quick to see the humorous side, with the comment gaining almost 35,000 likes in less than half an hour. The car seats all looked barely taller than the height of a human hand - but Jeremy joked he was convinced that they were the perfect fit for his colleague. @nate_thurlow enquired: "Is there a child size seatbelt that can easily be cut through by firefighters?" @aka_zech added: "Seats from every car he crashed?", while others joked about "hamster spec". READ NOW: Chris Evans gives up 'very special' Jaguar previously owned by Queen Jeremy's comments might have sounded caustic, but Richard, 53, has a penchant for jokey jibes himself. Recently, he savaged an influencer's Jaguar over its colour, despite it being a pricey model costing over £100,000. On location at a hotel's pub in the Lake District, he stood at his laptop by the bar, and proceeded to insult everything about the car while his two pals looked on, bemused. Urging the influencer to "destroy" the "hideous" model, he bizarrely compared it to a poor quality sofa. "Why take that hideous beige whale?" he quizzed, while his friend simply shrugged: "If you wanna roast it, roast it... [but] with this specific Jag he's gonna become part of our little Jag community on Youtube." Richard huffily declared: "I'm disempowered now!" as he pretended to feel snubbed for comic effect. Addressing the influencer, It's Joel, he continued: "You are holding up a sign that says, 'Oh dear' and you were right, it's hideous - destroy it!" The former Top Gear star added sarcastically: "Sorry, just before you destroy it, bring it back to our Jaguar meet, so I can meet it, and maybe I'll find love for it in my heart!" DON'T MISS... Helen Mirren finally explains skipping BAFTA Awards red carpet [REVELATION] Richard Hammond urges YouTube star to 'destroy his hideous car' [LATEST] Prince William honours John Torode with MBE at Buckingham Palace [PICTURES]  Meanwhile, Jeremy's playful snub against Richard is far from the most controversial comment he's made. His newspaper column for The Sun about Meghan Markle in which he said he fantasised about her being "pelted with excrement" while she was paraded naked through the streets, caused thousands of complaints. He added that he hated her "on a cellular level" - even more than he despised serial killer Rose West. Although it was predicted that Jeremy's career opportunities could be sabotaged by the comments, for which he has since apologised, his ratings have gone through the roof. The season two premiere of Clarkson's Farm was viewed by almost 4.3 million viewers on TV sets alone, and it has now become the most-watched original show that Amazon Prime Video has ever produced. It sailed past popular shows such as Love Island and the BRIT Awards, as more fans tuned in to see Jeremy's latest antics on Diddly Squat Farm. As for Jeremy playfully ribbing Richard, it comes just months after their Top Gear colleague James May admitted that the trio rarely see each other outside of work. He suggested to The Times that the other two were just interested in "joining the aristocracy" and wearing "waistcoats and tweed" - something which he argued didn't appeal to him at all.