Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp will hold an inquest into his team’s 5-2 Champions League thrashing at the hands of Real Madrid, according to Reds legend Steven Gerrard. The Reds went two goals ahead during the early stages of the match before imploding as Madrid played them off the pitch at Anfield. “I think it’s a reality check,” Gerrard told BT Sport after the match. “Got off to the perfect start, exactly what you need on a European night - start fast, get yourself in front, build on it. They went 2-0 up, but from that moment Real Madrid came back into it, scored quite quick - fantastic goal. “From then Liverpool were dominated and outclassed for large periods. Look, I think any team, any club, if you concede five goals there’s got to be an inquest into why and how. I’m sure Jurgen will do that in the coming days. “I think everyone will be a little bit raw on the back of that defeat - Liverpool don’t concede five goals here at Anfield, and if they do it’s very rare. There’s going to be a little bit of soul-searching, a little bit of looking in the mirror, sure, there always is when you concede that many goals. It weren’t good enough.” JUST IN: Jorginho opens up on reasons why he ditched Chelsea for Arsenal Liverpool enjoyed a dream start against Madrid as Darwin Nunez flicked in Mohamed Salah’s cross in the fourth minute. And Salah then doubled the hosts’ advantage 10 minutes later as he pounced on Thibaut Courtois’ heavy touch and bundled the ball into the back of the net. But the Reds weren’t able to build on their early lead and Real came back into the match midway through the first half when Vinicius Junior curled a delicious effort into the corner of Alisson’s goal. Alisson then gifted the visitors an equaliser before the break as he saw a clearance cannon off Vinicius and into the back of the net. DON'T MISS Man Utd dressing room's private reaction to Jadon Sancho treatmentSerena Williams, Hamilton and Rashford glam up for London Fashion WeekGary Neville admits he 'can't get head' around Guardiola decision  Real took the lead two minutes after the interval as Eder Militao headed home from a free-kick. And Rodrygo and Karim Benzema soon exchanged passes in a flowing attacking move, with the France international seeing his effort deflect off Joe Gomez and beyond Alisson to put Real 4-2 up. And Benzema kept his cool midway through the second period as he lashed home Madrid’s fifth goal of the night to all but put the tie to bed ahead of the second leg in Spain next month.