James Norton, who stars as Halifax's ultimate villain Tommy Lee Royce in Happy Valley, has opened up about Sarah Lancashire's input on the ending of the hit series. The exceptional BBC police drama comes to an end on Sunday evening after first landing on screens in 2014. James and Sarah were the first actors to read the scripts for the final ever episode, with Sarah having a clear vision for Catherine Cawood's future.  The BBC has released an explosive trailer hinting there is a dramatic showdown between Catherine and her nemesis, serial killing rapist Tommy. "We had one version of the end that didn’t feel quite right," James told The Big Issue. "Sally knew it and Sarah spoke up and said it doesn’t feel right. "A month later, we got a new script and it all fell into place. It was magical." READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss The 37-year-old actor admitted if the decision was in his hands, Happy Valley would "keep going". "But deep down I’m with Sally. This is the right call. So I hope the ending doesn’t disappoint," James revealed. It is understood the cast filmed multiple endings so no one knew how it would all end until the BBC fans watching at home did too. However, Rhys Connah, who plays Ryan Cawood, insisted that is "not true" but confirmed the cast filmed different versions of the same ending.   Fans have been theorising about how it will all end for Catherine, her grandson Ryan and his evil father Tommy. During the latest instalment of the drama, fugitive Tommy took refuge in a house linked to Darius Knezevic, the boss of organised crime in Halifax. Catherine is well aware Tommy, who raped her daughter Becky before she later took her own life, is at large. She knows he wants to get to Ryan or herself but has no idea where he is hiding out or if he is carrying a weapon.  DON'T MISS...Happy Valley kitchen clue confirms location of Tommy's final attack [LATEST]James Norton 'isn't too attractive' to play Happy Valley villain [UPDATE]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ how Tommy Lee Royce dies . [THEORY]  By the end of the intense instalment, Ryan was contacted by his dad Tommy through a video game they were both playing. The criminal wants Ryan to flee to Spain with him to start a new life - but would the teenager turn his back on Catherine for Tommy? In the episode, Ryan discovered how vile his father was when Ann Gallagher (Charlie Murphy) erupted at the youngster about Tommy raping her several years ago. She described Tommy as a psychopath who was unable to love anyone but himself and reminded Ryan how much Catherine had done for him when "no one else" wanted him.  Ryan later told Catherine he loved her in a heartwarming scene, but she replied: "What's brought that on?" Clearly, she adores Ryan as she has spent the past 16 years raising him, but should she have said she loves him back during that tender moment? Could it have been the catalyst which causes Ryan to turn to Tommy in the show's finale? Happy Valley continues on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. 