Bernardo Silva has paid Arsenal the ultimate compliment by claiming they remind him of the Manchester City side that became the first team to win 100 points in the Premier League five seasons ago. The defending English champions secured a potentially crucial victory over the Gunners on Wednesday evening, with Kevin De Bruyne, Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland finding the back of the net at the Emirates Stadium. Two major defensive errors from Arsenal allowed City to take control of the match in spite of Bukayo Saka's penalty, which levelled the scores as half-time approached, before Haaland rubber-stamped the points late on to see the visitors return to the top of the Premier League table. Silva was left thoroughly impressed with Arsenal, though, and insisted after the final whistle that he sees similar characteristics in Mikel Arteta's side to City's centurions in the 2017/18 campaign."We will fight until the end, knowing that we are going to fight against a very tough side that reminds me of us five years ago," said Silva. "They're so young and they're so good, because their energy is so nice. But we are here and want to win again."We know it’s not going to be easy and I think it is going to go up until the end. Hopefully in the end we are going to be on top of them, which is tough. We still have one game to play against them, at the Etihad which is good for us, but lots of points to be played for and we are going to fight, every game we are going to be there." JUST IN: Kevin De Bruyne trolls Arsenal fans after being pelted by bottles City made light work of the Premier League five years ago to become the first and only club to break the 100-point barrier while also setting the record for the most points clear of second place with a gap of 19 over runners-up Liverpool. They have endured a harder time of things in recent seasons, though, with their last title win coming on the final day of the previous campaign after being pushed all the way by the Reds.This year's title race is shaping up to be another closely-fought contest that could go right down to the wire, with Arsenal unlikely to give up the chase after spending much of the last few months above City at the top of the table. They have already shown on plenty of occasions that they are worthy competitors and will be desperate to leapfrog Pep Guardiola's men to claim their first title in 19 years when the season draws to a close. Arsenal boss Arteta was under no illusions when quizzed after Wednesday's game if he still believes his side can win the title, telling reporters: "They still have it, I can sense it. They feel they can do it. I have more belief than I had before the game, with the performance and the level the team put in, we had the feeling we could beat them."Until the second goal, we had them, but we gave them three goals and the game at the end. Certain errors at this level, you can't make. At the same time, the team put the level very high. The difference was in the boxes, they had three chances and they put them away, we had chances and we didn't put them away." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.