Piers Morgan did not hold back as the former Good Morning Britain presenter addressed the Grammy Awards 2023 in his latest column as he branded the ceremony a "shambles". His comments come after Madonna looked unrecognisable with her ageless appearance as she took to the stage and introduced Sam Smith on Sunday night. Sam was joined by Kim Petras, who is transgender, as the pair performed their award-winning single, Unholy, to a star-studded crowd. Other famous faces who attended the event held in Los Angeles on Sunday night included Lizzo, Adele, Harry Styles, Taylor Swift, Jay-Z, and Beyonce - who now has a record-breaking 32 Grammy awards. But it was the Stay With Me hitmaker's performance that caught Piers' attention and he was not pleased. During their performance, viewers saw Sam wear satanic headgear and appear to be worshipped. READ MORE: Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 Writing in the New York Post, Piers fumed: "What’s the best way to p*** off half of America in less than five minutes? "It would be hard to beat what the Grammys did last night when they had pigtailed, filler-face-plumped Madonna introduce non-binary singer Sam Smith." Piers vented that the singer "who first came out as gay, then gender-fluid, and now demands to be called 'they'", was dressed as Satan during his performance wearing an all red outfit with devil horns. Before Sam took to the stage, Madonna said: “If they call you shocking, scandalous, troublesome, problem, provocative or dangerous, you are definitely on to something.”  Piers continued: "What if they — OK, me — just call you, Madonna, a toe-curling, embarrassing shambles of a once-great pop star, now best suited for annual appearances on Halloween? "And what if they — OK, me again — think Sam 'Satan' Smith’s desperation for attention is now fueled by a demented desire to be just as pathetically vulgar and repellent as the aging disgracefully Material Girl?" Speaking on his TalkTV show tonight, Piers doubled down on his comments as he addressed Sam's performance. "Yeah, you can dress up as Satan and prance about doing a bit of devil-worshipping - just to deliberately outrage 63 per cent of Americans who are Christians," Piers mused, "Giving that he wouldn't do that with other religions which are likely to result in serious repercussions." DON'T MISS... Beyoncé sparks concern among conspiracy theorists after Grammy win[LATEST]Blue Peter legends have barely aged as popular trio reunite[PICTURES]Ben Affleck's 'bored' Grammys reaction has fans in hysterics[TV] He added: "I thought it was a bit cowardly if I'm honest." Singer and drag queen, Tripping Jupiter, defended Sam, saying: "I don't think there is anything cowardly about Sam Smith. Lauren [Chen] is suggesting that 'they' are doing this just for publicity, as far as identity goes. "People struggle their entire lives with identity and they can come to a place where they feel secure enough to let it out in the public is an amazing, beautiful thing." Tripping Jupiter added: "As far as the red glitter hat with the devil horns - and I'm sorry Ted Cruz - but if anyone looks at Sam Smith as evil, I think they might frighten a little too easily." Meanwhile, fans hit out at a reporter on the red carpet over claims of misgendering the singer. On the red carpet, the reporter said: "Sam Smith has had a lot of controversy around his outfits this past year, I love that he’s continuing to push the mould. "Love that he’s continuing to break out from the Sam Smith that we knew at the ballads. "He’s still singing those ballads, but he’s definitely diving fully in, into pop music, and we can see that, not only in his music, but also in his looks as well." However, when fans noticed the misgendering, they hit out online, saying: "Everyone using the wrong pronouns for Sam Smith is bothering me." In 2019, Sam revealed they were non-binary and genderqueer.