Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's popularity in the States has taken hit, according to a commentator, who claims Americans are losing the "sparkle with Markle". The comments come following intimate revelations in the Duke's memoir, Spare, including an account of him losing his virginity and treating his frostbitten penis with face cream. TalkTV’s Kevin O’Sullivan told former royal correspondent Charles Rae he believed Americans were sick of the Sussexes' "whining and bleating" and that the "story about Harry losing his virginity in a field" had spoiled "the royal fairy tale" for Americans. "I think you're absolutely right, particularly in America. Americans can be a little bit strait-laced about all this sort of stuff," Mr Rae opined back. He added: "They're not as gung-ho, sometimes, as [Britons] are but I suspect there's an awful lot of people in Britain as well...also getting fed up with Harry [after he] revealed that Sasha Walpole took his virginity in this field. "She's getting all the credit for being upstanding and taking it, dealing with it with some dignity."  He added: "You're absolutely right, Americans are starting to lose the sparkle with Markle." The comments come after Sasha Walpole came forward to tell her side of the Prince Harry-virginity story in Spare. In the book, he claimed he had lost his virginity to an "older woman". While this was true, it was later revealed that Walpole was 19 to Harry's 16 at the time. Another revelation which shocked the world - coming from the man fifth in-line to the British throne - surrounded his frostbitten penis. In Spare, he described how a trip to the North Pole later resulted in a frost nipped "todger".  READ MORE: Harry 'shivering in his boots' about 'royal retaliation' The Duke said he applied Elizabeth Arden cream - the same kind used by his mother Princess Diana - to relieve the issue. The episode has become a subject of mockery and even prompted A-list late-night host Jimmy Kimmel to release a parody children's book on the subject. All of this comes as polls show Meghan and Harry's popularity plummeting in the US. A recent US poll showed Prince Harry's favourability rating drop 45 points from +38 in December to -7 in January. Similarly, the Duchess of Sussex dropped 36 points from +23 in December to -13 in the latest poll. The Redfield and Wilton poll, run for Newsweek, surveyed 2000 eligible US voters. It now appears that Meghan and Harry will be invited to King Charles' coronation later this year on May 6, however it is unknown whether the Duke and Duchess will accept the invitation to attend. 