A seventh six-episode series of the hit BBC sitcom Two Doors Down is scheduled to begin filming this summer and the show will have a new home when it returns. After six successful seasons on BBC Two the comedy show, which centres on a Scottish family and their irritating neighbours, is leaving BBC Two. In a scheduling shake-up that reflects its massive popularity, series seven will be moving next door to BBC One. This move actually marks a return to the flagship channel for the show. It began as a one-off Hogmanay special broadcast on BBC One in late 2013. It proved so popular a full series was commissioned and began airing on BBC Two in April 2016. The following year it won the Best Comedy award at the Royal Television Society Scotland Awards. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error The original one-off was shot in 12-hour days over a two-week period in a very cramped space. However, once the series received a full commission filming was moved to purpose-built sets in Dumbarton. The simple premise focuses on Eric (played by Alex Norton) and Beth Baird (Arabella Weir) who live in the middle-class neighbourhood of Latimer Crescent. The pair desperately try to avoid one drama after another as their loved ones and neighbours love nothing more than stopping by without warning. The news comes following the revelation the show achieved record-high ratings for its Christmas Special last year being viewed by an astonishing 2.8million people across 30 days on all screens - its biggest audience since its launch in 2013. The special saw Christine (Elaine C. Smith), Beth, Eric, Ann Marie (Siobhan Redmond), Colin (Jonathan Watson), Michelle (Joy McAvoy), Alan (Graeme Stevely), Gordon (Kieran Hodgson) and Iain (Jamie Quinn) gather in a small local coffee shop during a break from shopping. After discovering that she had almost £70 of points on her loyalty card Christine got into the festive spirit and splashed out on the food and drinks for her neighbours. She was later thrilled when she learned her daughter Sophie and granddaughter Maddison would be coming home to celebrate the festive season after fearing she would spend it alone. DON'T MISS...BBC viewers blast 'scaremongering' food shortage report [REACTION]BBC turning Agatha Christie classic into two-part TV thriller [LATEST]Meryl Streep shares pain of children hearing criticism about her [WATCH] Speaking of the move, co-creators Simon Carlyle and Gergor Sharp said: “We're excited to be spreading our wings and lowering the tone as we introduce BBC One audiences to life in Latimer Crescent.” BBC Two has long been the starting ground for many of BBC One's most successful programmes. The first series of the acclaimed comedy The Royle Family was broadcast on BBC Two before moving to BBC One. The Weakest Link began as a teatime show on BBC Two before making the move to BBC One to replace Neighbours. However, prior to this Celebrity Specials had previously been broadcast on BBC One. Surprisingly, despite their iconic status neither the Office or Extras ever made a full leap to BBC One and only moved for their Christmas specials. The Office aired on BBC Two for its two season run but the 2003 Christmas special, which served as the show's finale was broadcast on BBC One. Extras ran on BBC Two for its first two seasons despite high profile guest stars such as Kate Winslet and Ben Stiller. It finally moved to the flagship channel for its Christmas special in 2007. Two Doors Down is available to watch on the BBC iPlayer.