The American sitcom South Park has made a worrying prediction about the Sussexes’ future, claiming that Prince Harry will one day leave Meghan Markle. The satirical forecast was made in one of the latest episodes of the series, which is known for its profanity and dark, surreal humour. Show creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone are famed for taking digs at celebrities and the Sussexes became their latest target. The episode shows Harry and Meghan portrayed as the fictional 'Prince and Princess of Canada' going on a 'Worldwide Privacy Tour' after claiming they are 'victims'. The characters are seen carrying signs reading 'Stop Looking At Us' and 'We Want Our Privacy', seemingly mocking the couple’s repeated requests for privacy. Harry also says: "We just want to be normal people - all this attention is so hard." The couple spends the whole show trying to get Kyle Broflovski's attention while claiming they need privacy. At the end of the episode, the prince realises his mistake when Kyle explains that they are attempting to engineer an image in which others perceive them to be performers rather than human beings.  Upon noticing his error, the Harry character says: "Trying to make ourselves into a brand just turned us into products. "We don't need to be a brand, do we? If it’s truly what we want we can get away from it all. No more magazines and Netflix shows. We really can lead a normal life." But Meghan remains silent, prompting Harry to add: "Yes I’m sure you agree darling." In the face of his wife’s silence, he continues: "We can be the people we talked about being." READ MORE: Harry's claim he had no access to Queen after Megxit is 'nonsense' After telling his wife that everything is about what they have inside, he opens her mouth to peek inside and hears an echo when he shouts inside. The Prince decides to abandon his attempt to create a bogus brand and goes to leave. However, his wife does not respond and decides to stay without him. When the Prince is left alone, he makes friends with Kyle and the other South Park kids and enjoys playing his drum kit. Viewers have pointed out the South Park creators appear to have predicted Harry will split from Meghan. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry told not to 'pull any stunts' at Coronation [REPORT] Meghan 'making life harder for herself' after Duchess caught 'fibbing' [REPORT] Harry's legal bid for UK security has already cost taxpayer £300,000 [REPORT]  It is the latest attack on the America-based couple who have faced a sustained backlash since making damaging statements against the Royal Family in multiple projects, including their Netflix series and Harry’s book and his subsequent promotional tour. According to royal commentator Nile Gardiner, who branded the depiction of the "prince of Canada and his wife's" quest to find privacy as "highly accurate", South Park’s dig at the couple has made them a "laughing stock" in the US. A recent US poll showed Harry's favourability rating dropped 45 points from +38 in December to -7 in January. The Duchess of Sussex dropped 36 points from +23 in December to -13 in the latest poll. The Redfield and Wilton poll, run for Newsweek, surveyed 2000 eligible US voters. South Park has made accurate predictions in the past, including the outbreak of an Ebola strain that was discovered the same week as their show Gluten Free Ebola, and in 1999, they were close to predicting Pokémon Go. They even appeared to anticipate the critically acclaimed 2005 film Brokeback Mountain before it was released. READ NEXT:Prince Harry's 'vulnerability' brought to light by South Park - expertHarry and Meghan 'very concerned about celebrity status' Harry and Meghan 'like woke dictators' after new report on legal moveMeghan 'rarely wears glitter and patterns' - but Kate loves themEamonn Holmes fumes Harry and William have ‘embarrassed’ King Charles