Russia will "finally feel the impact" of its invasion of Ukraine as the country reports major economic trouble. The country’s deficit reached $25billion in January, meaning it had spent far more than it had earned. "This year Russians will finally feel the impacts of the war - huge amounts of Russian blood and treasure will be expended for Putin’s vanity project in Ukraine," said the economist Timothy Ash responding to the latest figures. The monthly report, which was the first since the West introduced a price cap and embargo on Russian oil last December, showed the country’s oil and gas revenue dropped 46 percent year on year to 425 billion rubles. Western countries have organised a $60-per-barrel price cap on Russian crude oil and put ceilings on refined oil products such as diesel fuel and gasoline. The Russian finance ministry blamed the numbers on the falling price of Urals crude oil and dwindling natural gas exports. Since the start of the conflict, Urals has been traded at a discount. READ MORE: Putin reels as Russian monthly deficit nears £20bn It is thought the failing economy will hurt Russians for years to come. "Putin is setting Russia and Russians back generations," Mr Ash added to his Twitter response. Since the start of the war, The Kremlin has already spent billions of dollars more on its military. But it has plans to spend way more in the coming years to fund major war efforts. Russia’s recent report confirmed the country's military spending had rocketed up 59 percent to 3.12 trillion roubles compared to the same period last year.  Don't miss... Turkey earthquake horror could see 10,000 dead [LATEST] Salmond warns Sturgeon’s gender 'nonsense' has undermined independence [LATEST] Family of teenager demand answers after her sudden death  [LATEST] Last December, Russia committed more than 30 percent of its budget to defence, security and law enforcement, according to the UK Defence Ministry. In its intelligence report, the British government body said Putin had pledged over 9 trillion rubles to fuel the war effort in 2023. The British Defence Ministry said in December: "The [December] budget approved by Putin is likely over-optimistic in its expectation of revenue and spending in 2023. "Therefore, other parts of Russia’s budget are likely to come under increasing pressure to support the costs of the war." Ukraine officials think Putin is planning another major offensive this Spring in which he will send 500,000 more troops into Ukraine.   Many fear Russia’s spring offensive is imminent as Russian shelling in eastern Ukraine has slowed down in recent days. Local Ukrainian politicians have said Russia is "saving ammunition for a large-scale offensive". Luhansk governor Serhiy Haidai said he believed that after February 15, the Ukrainian forces could "expect at any time" the spring offensive to begin. 