BT Sport host Jake Humphrey was forced to apologise for some "fruity language" by Owen Hargreaves during the build-up of Manchester City's Champions League tie with RB Leipzig, before later backtracking. On Wednesday evening Hargreaves, Rio Ferdinand and Shaun Wright-Phillips covered the European clash but the ex-England and Manchester United midfielder was accused of slipping up during the broadcast. After returning from an advertisement break, Humphrey began the next segment in the preview with an apology to the BT Sport viewers. “I would like to apologise for any fruity language you may have heard earlier,” he said, before being interrupted by Hargreaves. The ex-Bayern Munich midfielder said: “Are you looking at me? I’m not even sure what I said.” The four on the broadcast then chuckled before turning their attention back to the game. Humphrey was referring to an earlier segment when the pundits were rating City's chances of winning the Champions League and Hargreaves said "lock-in" referring to how Humphrey acted like a game-show host and declared that it was time to "lock-in Rio's answer", which some viewers misheard as a swear word. That prompted Humphrey to apologise before later clarifying what was said during "swear-gate". Despite their struggles in the Premier League as of late following the 1-1 draw at Nottingham Forest, Hargreaves and Wright-Phillips still gave Pep Guardiola's outfit a 75 per cent chance of winning the Champions League this season, while Ferdinand disagreed and rated them at 25 per cent. "You could argue eventually they’re going to get it right," Hargreaves said. "We’ve all said for the last four or five years they’ve been the best team, so I think eventually they’re going to get it right. They don’t have to be the best team, they’ve just got to be the best in little moments. DON'T MISSMan Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandMan Utd owners the Glazers almost gave £106m parting gift to Ten HagMan Utd staff members' view on being kept in the dark by Glazers "There’s no way they should have got knocked out against Real Madrid - crazy how they got knocked out. This year they’re going to manage those moments better - they don’t have to be the best team - just be decisive in the big moments like Real was. If they do that I still think they’re the best team left in the competition." Ferdinand explained that Real Madrid's 5-2 victory over Liverpool on Tuesday changed his opinion on City's chances. "Every year for the last four or five years I’ve been with the guys - about 75 per cent - they were my favourites every year," he said. "This year, especially after last night, I’ve gone for Real Madrid. The experience, what they’ve done at Anfield, I’ve put Man City down. This could be the year they win it now I’ve said that." 