Matilda Littler spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about how she was able to make some extra cash on the side to put towards her house deposit, despite the rising bills. As a way to budget, she started meal planning, negotiating her contracts and tracking her spending to manage the cost of living crisis. The 27-year-old project manager said: “I've definitely become even more conscious of my spending since the cost of living crisis. I’ve made small changes that have helped me manage the rising costs. “A few of these include, meal planning more so I don't waste food or go to the supermarket more times than necessary. “Also, negotiating contracts where I can such as buying my phone outright, negotiating on my phone bill, car insurance etc. “I have started tracking my spending more with regular check-ins to ensure I'm not going over budget for the month and I am being more mindful of energy usage e.g showering at my gym when I can over showering at home. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants urged to claim extra benefits and freebies worth thousands For example, Ms Littler had her own online jewellery business between the ages of 16-18 years old. Then when she graduated from university, she also had side hustles to make extra income such as Fiverr. On Fiverr she used her project management skills and do extra freelance work, surveys, selling digital products and recently mykanban. Ms Littler said: “Having always had a passion for saving and budgeting, I also started an Instagram account a year ago called 'amillennialsaver' to share tips and tricks with others. In recent months have started to make extra income through referrals. “As my salary has increased over the years since graduating, I've also ensured my allowance (what I pay myself) has remained the same or similar so I'm able to save more.” READ MORE: Thousands of pensioners losing out on £3,500 a year - how to check if you can claim When discussing what the best way to make extra cash is, Ms Littler explained it massively depends on the amount of time and effort someone wants to spend and put in. She said: “Low-effort ways to make additional cash include cashback sites, surveys (as you can pick and choose how much time you want to spend on these), pet sitting or walking dogs and user testing (testing websites or apps). “Medium effort ways include being a virtual assistant, selling your skills on sites like Fiverr or selling old clothes or items on apps like vinted, depop or Facebook marketplace. “For higher effort, you could try starting your own online store or blogging is a good way to get started!” Research from Moneybox looked into the impact of the cost-of-living crisis on people’s savings. They found 22 percent of women started a side hustle to earn more money versus 14 percent of men. Many people could stand to benefit from a little extra income, but sometimes saving extra money and having a full-time job aren't enough. Good side hustles build recurring revenue streams that go a long way in earning extra income. Side hustle ideas: