World No. 1 Novak Djokovic has admitted he was in ‘trouble’ during his victory over Tomas Machac at the Dubai Tennis Championships. The Serb was in action in the Middle East for the first time since his 22nd Grand Slam victory at last month’s Australian Open. In Melbourne, the Serbian star appeared to be back to his best whilst out on the court, after dropping just one set throughout the major event. His return in Dubai though was slightly more rusty though, as he needed a deciding tie break to see off world No. 130 Machac. It was the perfect start for Djokovic as he cruised into an early lead by winning the opening set. To the shock of many though, Machac soon fought back by giving the world No. 1 a taste of his own medicine by winning set two 6-3 to level things up. And it seemed the Czech Republic star was only just getting started as he gave Djokovic a huge scare going into the decider.  Despite moving 4-1 ahead in the match and two games from victory, the world No. 1 was soon pegged back. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal pulls out of Indian Wells as historic rankings streak under serious threat This came after Machac remarkably won three games on the bounce to level the final set up at 4-4, giving himself a great chance of pulling off a famous victory. Djokovic then moved 5-4 and 6-5 ahead, sitting one game from victory on both occasions before once again being pegged back. The Serbian was then taken to a tie break to decide the match, and the world No. 1’s class eventually shone through as he claimed victory by taking it comfortably 7-1. Despite the win, it was far from easy for Djokovic. DON'T MISSDjokovic agrees with LeBron James and explains why they're "the best"Boris Becker backs Djokovic in Alcaraz battle as Serb makes historyAlcaraz injury may wreck Djokovic bid as Spaniard set for 'tests' And he paid tribute to his opponent post-match, commenting: “Tomas definitely didn't play like 130 in the world today. He was giving me all kinds of trouble, but I guess when it mattered I found another gear.” He went on: “Physically you can always be better, I demand the highest of standards. I did struggle with injury for several weeks and it took me a little bit of time to really get used to holding a racket. I haven't played much tennis, so I'm hoping as the tournament progresses I can raise the level.”