Kate Middleton, 41, and Prince William, 40, moved their family of five to Adelaide Cottage last summer. Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, all attend Lambrook School which is near the property. According to a royal expert, the family are against the idea of moving into the nearby royal property, Windsor Castle. Windsor Castle was where the late Queen Elizabeth II spent her later years along with Prince Philip. Camilla Tominey, a royal correspondent, appeared on This Morning with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield today, where she spoke about royal properties and how they work. She said: "The Waleses' don’t want to move into Windsor Castle because they’re actually quite happy in Adelaide Cottage, which by comparison is modest accommodation. READ MORE: The 'understated' ring Kate would wear to show she was dating William "Not by comparison to us, but by comparison to royal accommodation." Kate Middleton recorded a video from her living room in Adelaide Cottage last year for Addiction Awareness Week. Deepa Mehta-Sagar, an interior designer and decorator who founded and runs Area Decor LLC, UAE, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what the interiors of Adelaide Cottage are like. "Kate and William's sofa is traditional with clean lines which lends it a regal look. The whole space comes alive with a splash of red, and floral tossed cushions, which add warmth.  "It's formal yet inviting and makes for the perfect spot from which the couple can air interviews." The expert expanded on the rich history of the royal property on the Windsor estate. Ms Mehta-Sagar said: "Adelaide Cottage, set on Windsor Great Park is a historic property consisting of the cottage and the Adelaide lodge. "The property has a modest history: Adelaide cottage began life as a keepers’ cottage in the 17th century. READ MORE: Princess Diana's go-to £40 lip balm launches a new formula "In the 19th century, William IV commissioned that it be converted into a summer house for his wife, Princess Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen. "The history of the property ties in with the reported preference for Prince William and Kate to offer their children a normal upbringing. The cottage also has a sense of privacy as is the norm for suburbia.  "The estate holds on to the original porch. The manicured gardens also appear to have maintained the same character for nearly 200 years. "Other features added to the exterior include a gravel driveway, a red-brick outbuilding and a gatehouse which is a rather inconspicuous security detail, in line with the royals' desire for privacy and normalcy. "The four-bedroom residence reportedly holds on to traditional furnishings such as a nautical-inspired theme in the main bedroom, recycled from a 19th-century royal yacht, and in this, the décor is almost iconic. "The home also reportedly has a neutral colour scheme with royal blue and deep red with hints of gold for a touch of elegance. This creates a calming effect, which is perfect for a family with young children.  "The historic home is smaller in comparison with the family’s other two homes and yet again represents a desire to bring up the children in an ordinary manner, while still ensuring they remain rooted in the royal history. "Bagshot Park is not too far away; Sophie and Kate share a close relationship and perhaps the proximity is appreciated by the women."