Android users will be pleased to hear that upcoming devices in 2023 will feature a space-aged upgrade that matches Apple. Satellite technology is already included in the latest iPhone 14 range with owners able to point their device at the sky and send messages even when there's no mobile signal. Now we know that a whole swathe of rival manufacturers will use technology from US firm Qualcomm that will also help owners stay in touch even when they are miles from the nearest phone mast. Just like Apple's "Emergency Text via Satellite" service, Snapdragon Satellite allows SMS messages to be sent in an emergency - location data can also be whizzed into the atmosphere allowing you to be found fast. However, along with being used when in trouble, Qualcomm also hopes phone owners will take advantage of the upgrade to simply stay in touch when heading off the beaten track. In fact, the company says that its technology is the world’s first satellite-based two-way capable messaging solution for smartphones. READ MORE: Nokia's new budget Android phone offers most-wanted upgrade its rivals can't match So which devices will be getting this feature later in 2023? During Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Qualcomm announced it is working with firms such as Honor, Motorola, Nothing, OPPO, vivo and Xiaomi to bring Snapdragon Satellite to users. There's currently no word on whether the service will be free or if owners will have to subscribe to send texts to space. Apple is currently offering its messaging service to iPhone users for free but this deal only lasts for two years with the US firm then saying it will start to charge customers. Speaking about the news Francesco Grilli, vice president of product management, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc, said: “Our long-standing relationships with Honor, Motorola, Nothing, OPPO, vivo and Xiaomi are rooted in innovations and delivering exceptional connectivity experiences to consumers. "By incorporating Snapdragon Satellite into next-generation devices, our partners will be able to offer satellite messaging capabilities thanks to a mature and commercially available global LEO constellation, which can allow subscribers around the world to communicate outdoors with emergency service providers, as well as family and friends.”