Lisa Illis, head of womenswear design at Marks and Spencer, exclusively shared her top style secrets to achieve a youthful appearance this spring and revealed that it all comes down to the right pair of jeans. What is the perfect pair of jeans for you and the best way to style them this season to look younger? Jeans are a great option for the perfect everyday look, and they can also help women over 50 to look much younger. Simply combine them with an oversized jumper and a pair of white trainers on the weekend or a shirt and blazer for a more formal look. In terms of the best styles and colours for a more youthful appearance, Lisa explained that although any fit can "fit and flatter whatever the shape, size, age", there are some styles that are more flattering than others. "We are currently seeing huge success with the newer styles in the range such as wide leg, and cropped wide leg which suits for a more carefree and youthful look," she said. READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing in 2wks with ‘really effective’ facial oil The expert added that "these newer styles have a slightly higher waist which is flattering for layers over or tucking in/half tuck tops". Therefore, high-waisted wide-leg and cropped wide-leg jeans are casual styles that can help women look younger. With spring and the warmer weather approaching, "the mid and lighter denim washes feel fresher and give a more youthful appearance," she added. According to the fashion expert, the best way to style jeans for a younger look is with a shirt, jersey top or even a denim jacket.  She continued: "Flares with patch pockets are a key trend this season, which is best styled paired with shirts or jersey tops." The expert explained that the patch pockets give a "new life and edge" to the denim whilst not appearing outdated. Double denim is also no longer a niche look, she added, and "a classic denim jacket paired back with jeans feels right this season as they give a rugged and youthful look that is unfailingly trendy". "We've also seen that our denim jumpsuit this week has been super successful and again is a feminine approach to the utility trend which is growing." READ MORE: Look younger by adding 'ultimate' essentials to your winter style Wide-leg jeans and flares are therefore key trends but also "look out for styles with a front crease which are now starting to come through". "For a casual, everyday look, pair with a half-tucked top and biker jacket," she recommended. Authentic straight-leg jeans continue to be a must-have, and the mom jean or ripped mom jeans are also "wardrobe essentials" for women over 50. Lisa also advised going for a dark wash for a more formal look, and a bleach wash for summer or a more casual weekend look.