A prisoner at the centre of a trans row claims she has been abused by prison officers. Tiffany Scott, 31, who stalked a 13-year-old girl before transitioning, alleges employees in various jails have waged a vendetta against her. In a letter to the Daily Record, Scott, who is held on a Lifetime Restriction Order, claims prison officers have been disciplined for what they said.  A transfer of 31-year-old Scott - formerly Andrew Burns - from HMP Low Moss, near Glasgow, to a woman's prison later this year was blocked by the Scottish Government after the Record revealed the Scottish Prison Service plans. This was in the wake of the Isla Bryson scandal where the double trans rapist was originally sent to Cornton Vale before being moved to the men's estate following a public outcry. The fallout from the cases quickly led the Scottish Government to announce that no trans prisoners with records of crimes against women would be moved to female jails. Scott has now written to the Daily Record from a cell in the male prison, where she has been held in a segregation unit. She claimed “malicious lies” had been spread about her. The convict wrote: "Staff have been sacked for abusing/mistreating me. Staff have been charged by the police on a number of occasions in various prisons for abusing me. "This has left many prison staff with a significant level of hatred towards me for taking action against their abusive colleagues."  Insiders at Low Moss have confirmed to the Record that officers have been subject to disciplinary proceedings after complaints from Scott. However, they insist no guard has been sacked or convicted of any criminal charges. Scott was originally jailed as a juvenile. But a string of disturbing offences behind bars led to the Lifetime Restriction Order being applied when Scott was sentenced in 2013 for stalking a 13-year-old girl by sending letters from jail. That means Scott will only be released if it is believed she is no longer a danger to society. The prison service's decision to move Scott from HMP Low Moss to a women’s jail resulted in a furious public response, ultimately leading Nicola Sturgeon to backtrack on the treatment of trans prisoners. John Cairney, Scottish National Committee chairman of the Prison Officers’ ­Association, said he was not aware of any staff being dismissed as a result of complaints made by Scott. He said: “The prisoner is well within her rights to make allegations but certainly nothing has ever led to dismissal during my time. “That is testament to the fact that our officers are dealing with a high-profile prisoner in a manner that is not breaching the code of conduct. Our members are dealing with a complex and pressurised situation and facing quite considerable challenges on this front. “They are working in quite a volatile situation and are doing so to the highest standards.” A Scottish Prison Service spokesman said: “We do not comment on individuals. We expect the highest standards of behaviour from all our staff. Where standards fall short, we have procedures in place to address matters. “Any allegations of criminal behaviour are reported to Police Scotland for independent investigation.” A Scottish Government spokesperson said: “As the Justice Secretary made clear to Parliament, the management and accommodation of prisoners within the prison estate has been and will continue to be an operational matter for the Scottish Prison Service, in line with existing risk assessment procedures.”  