Rafael Nadal has been snubbed by two-time doubles Grand Slam champion Nikola Mektic as the Croat admitted he cheered for the world No 6 “the least. Mektic was quick to claim that he didn’t dislike the Spaniard but said he was left with no one but Novak Djokovic to support following Roger Federer’s “unfortunate” retirement. Competition between Djokovic and Nadal has continued to heat up following Federer’s retirement, with the Serb equalling the world No 6’s all-time men’s singles Grand Slam title record of 22 at the recent Australian Open. Their rivalry has often been intensified by the divide in their fans, with many fiercely supporting either one or the other. And it appears that also stretches to the tennis world, with doubles star Mektic admitting that he doesn’t cheer for Nadal in the same way he supports Djokovic. The 34-year-old lauded the Serb’s ability to keep winning even after multiple breaks last season, telling the Inkubator podcast: “The fact that he managed to do it in as many tournaments as he plays, I don't know, maybe that's the most fascinating thing for me. “On the other hand, he is capable of not playing, for example, from Wimbledon to Astana and Tel Aviv, for three months. Then he came and won two tournaments.  Every player needs that match or two, a tournament, something to get into a rhythm.” JUST IN: Djokovic gets explicit reaction from tennis icon he's trying to catch   Djokovic has lost just one match since June of last year - to Holger Rune in the Paris Masters final - and won titles in Wimbledon, Tel Aviv, Astana, the ATP Finals and the Australian Open in that time. While he added two Grand Slams to his title haul, it was the smaller tournaments that impressed Mektic the most after they came following a lengthy break when the world No 1 was unable to play in America because of his vaccination status. “But I don't know if his level of bad, as he comes in, finds his rhythm, is still that good. Obviously it is. It's not fascinating to me when he comes to Australia and plays the match he's going to play because he's obviously capable and that good. But that period of not playing and he came back as if he had played six tournaments before that and won them all in a row. Actually, he lost one match at Roland Garros. Kudos to him, what can I say,” he added. DON'T MISSNadal retirement plans addressed by uncle Toni during injury updateDjokovic accused of faking injury again in Nadal and Mbappe commentsDjokovic tipped to win three more Grand Slams as Nadal dismissed Mektic then went on to explain how he had been left to support Djokovic after Federer retired at last year’s Laver Cup, snubbing Nadal for his Big Three rivals. “Unfortunately, one of the Big Three left, so I won't be able to support him anymore,” he said of Federer. While he wouldn’t say he disliked Nadal, the current doubles No 8 added: “But I can't say that I don't like someone. However, I definitely cheered for Nadal the least of those three. In the beginning, I was rooting for Federer the most, now towards the end for Djokovic, I somehow root for Nadal the least. At least when they play duels with each other.” 