Manchester United are ready to sell Harry Maguire and five others, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is ready to be ruthless as he looks to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. And it appears an exodus is on the cards as the club look to raise funds amid interest in the likes of Declan Rice and Harry Kane. Ten Hag hasn’t been afraid to be bold during his first season at United, having been named the club’s permanent manager back in the summer. And, now, The Mirror say Maguire is among six players who are primed to be shown the door when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. Big things were expected of the 29-year-old when he joined from Leicester in 2019, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager. Yet Maguire has often blown hot and cold and is currently behind Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez in Ten Hag’s pecking order. As a result, his days at the club now appear to be numbered. An exit is edging closer, even if the Red Devils did reject an approach from Inter Milan in January. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Another player United are ready to ditch is Donny van de Beek. The Netherlands international moved from Ajax in 2020, with the fallen giants beating Real Madrid to the midfielder. But his time in the Premier League has been a disaster and, though he’s currently injured, he’s set to leave at the end of the campaign. Scott McTominay has been a useful player for United over the years, having been given his debut by Jose Mourinho. But the Scotland international has never achieved consistency and he’s another player who has been deemed surplus to requirements as a result. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United are ready to jettison Anthony Martial, too. The France international has been plagued by injuries this season and Ten Hag’s patience, it seems, has finally ran out. United plan on landing a new striker, with Kane and Napoli’s Victor Osimhen two players interesting the club. And Eric Bailly and Alex Telles, who are currently out on loan at Marseille and Sevilla respectively, will be sold as well. Meanwhile, one player United recently landed was Marcel Sabitzer from Bayern Munich. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Austria international has joined on loan until the end of the season and could make his debut against Crystal Palace on Saturday. And while United are happy with the signing, former Arsenal star Paul Merson has labelled it a ‘panic’ buy. “He doesn’t get in the Bayern Munich team, he’s way off that,” he recently told Sky Sports. “I know the two in midfield are cemented but if he was that good, he’d be pushing. “Again it goes back to panic. There was no interest in him on January 1, now it’s a panic, Eriksen’s just got injured and it’s a panic and you’re bringing fourth rate Bayern Munich players in. For me, I’m not sure about that. “This lad wasn’t on the radar before, he doesn’t get in the Bayern Munich team. “If I’m a Manchester United fan I’d be looking and thinking he’s not in their first team so why would we want him in our team. “Are there players there already who are better than him?”