Meghan Markle and Prince Harry need to take "a media hiatus" if they want to gain back public sympathy in the UK, a PR expert believes. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have spoken about their difficult relationship with the media and the Royal Family over the past few weeks. In December, Netflix released a six-part docu-series focused on the Sussexes' romance and the issues they encountered as full-time working members of the Firm. The programme featured interviews with Meghan and Harry as well as with some of their friends and a range of experts, weighing in among other topics the press coverage surrounding the Sussexes, how the Duke and Duchess cope with the pressure coming with being in the public eye and making allegations surrounding the Firm. In January, the Duke of Sussex sat down for a number of interviews to promote the release of his memoir, Spare. Both these chats and the book featured more potentially damaging allegations against the Firm and its members. Among these were the claim Prince William physically attacked him in early 2019 and the allegation King Charles and Queen Camilla have tried to improve their public image by briefing the media against both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Prince and Princess of Wales. Following these revelations, which were covered by media outlets around the world, Harry and Meghan saw their popularity further dropping in polls carried out in January. Paul MacKenzie-Cummins, PR expert and managing director at Clearly, believes it possible for the Sussexes to gain back some public sympathy. However, that would only happen if they stopped stopped being in the media eye for a period of time, he said. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry accused of 'having own agenda' Mr MacKenzie-Cummins told Express.co.uk: "The royals have rightly refused to allow Harry and Meghan’s desperate attempts to gain both attention and sympathy at all costs to become a public feud that frankly no one has either the time or appetite for. "Is there a way back for them? Yes, there is. But that would mean taking a media hiatus and frankly shutting the hell up for a period of time. "I doubt they will take this opportunity to get the public back onside and rebuild their reputation. They feed of the media." An analysis by YouGov conducted on 1,691 British adults between January 10 and 11, suggested Harry's favourability rate is now at -44 - the lowest score ever recorded for the Duke by the organisation since it started tracking his popularity among British adults in 2011. According to the survey, only 24 percent of the interviewees now think positively of the Duke, while 68 percent have a negative opinion of him. The pollster also found that, among those surveyed, one in five Britons, 21 percent, believe the main motivation behind the release of Spare is for the Prince to "tell his side of the story". However, 41 percent of those surveyed believe he has penned the memoir to make money. The Duke, who first announced his deal with Penguin Random House in July 2021, donated all his proceeds from the best-selling book to charity. Another survey led by Ipsos Mori also suggested the Duke has lost popularity among Britons. After quizzing 1,000 British adults aged between 18 and 75 online across January 10 and 11, the survey suggested only 23 percent of the population have a positive opinion of the fifth-in-line to the throne, against 53 percent who dislike him. Meghan performed worse, with 19 percent of those surveyed saying they have a positive opinion of her against 55 percent, who said to view her negatively. The past weeks filled with revelations and claims against the Firm made by the Sussexes appear to have damaged the image of the Sussexes also across the pond. Data collected as recently as December 5, before the release of the Sussexes' intimate Netflix documentary, put Harry at +38, meaning he dropped 45 points in a little more than a month. Similarly, Meghan is viewed favourably by 26 percent of Americans in the most recent poll, while 39 percent said to see her negatively, which gives her an approval rating of -13. As in early December she has recorded a +23 approval rating, the latest poll suggested the Duchess dropped by 36 points.