NBC viewers were distraught after they were forced to say goodbye to Jay Halstead (played by Jesse Lee Soffer) during episode three of Chicago PD. For the first time since his departure, the actor shared the real reason for his season 10 exit.  Earlier this season, Halstead bid farewell to law enforcement following a series of law-breaking incidents. This included a deadly scuffle with a suspect which resulted in Halstead stabbing the man to death. Sergeant Hank Voight (Jason Beghe) and Halstead’s wife detective Hailey Upton (Tracy Spiridakos) were willing to make up a story for the death, so he could keep his job. However, after battling his moral compass, the detective decided to hand himself into Chief Patrick O’Neill (Michael Gaston). READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error   After handing in his badge and gun and heading to the army, fans went on to speculate the reasons for the actor’s departure from the show. Jesse was able to put the rumours to rest as he recently detailed why he left the Chicago PD. He explained: “I really wanted to grow and expand, and we’ve only got this one trip, if I signed up again, it would have been for another three years. “I would have turned 40 on the show. I thought, ‘You know what? It’s time to take a risk.’”  Jesse continued: “It was one of the toughest decisions I’ve ever had to make in my life. Let’s be honest I love the fans of our show so much, and I love my fans. I know that they’re still grieving this, and to some degree, I am, too.” The 38-year-old also addressed his character's actions and the fans' rebuttal for the recent development of Halstead’s relationship with Upton. He stated: “The show must go on, I don’t think I really have the right to feel any way about that. “The writers have to do what they have to do to service the story and the characters that are still there.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street exit for Max Turner as fans spot worrying clue [THEORY] Chicago PD cast pay tribute to fans viewers after milestone episode [INSIGHT]Chicago PD fans left in tears as Voight pays moving tribute to Olinsky [REACTION] Speaking on a potential return Jesse teased: “Never say never. “Halstead’s always going to be in my blood. That’s never going to change,” he added to Variety. Although his return to screens has yet to be confirmed, Jesse will be back on the set and working behind the scenes as a director. Taking to Instagram, the actor posted a series of images behind the scenes on Chicago PD, captioned: “Back at it. Just different.”  This will become the second episode Jesse has directed for the show as he was behind the cameras for episode six titled Sympathetic Reflex. As for Halstead’s potential comeback, showrunner Gwen Sigan confirmed there were no plans for his return. She stated: “We’ll definitely hear about what’s going on, for sure, and tell stories about that absence. “There are no plans to see him on screen, but we’re very excited that he is coming back and directing one,” Gwen added to TV Insider.  Chicago PD season 10 returns to NBC on Wednesday, January 4. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 