The daughter of Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) will be returning to screens this summer, and Outlander fans can’t wait for Brianna Fraser (Sophie Skelton) and Roger MacKenzie’s (Richard Rankin) epic story to continue. In the meantime, fans of the hit Starz drama have been rifling through some classic episodes and have spotted some distracting mistakes. Viewers believe Skelton made a huge mistake with her American accent in an earlier instalment of Outlander. In the final episodes of season four, Brianna has reunited with her parents in the past while Roger has become a prisoner of the Mohawk tribe. Jamie, Claire and Young Ian leave River Run to search the forest, while Brianna spends time with Aunt Jocasta (Maria Doyle Kennedy). One viewer couldn’t help noticing a strange slip-up in Skelton’s accent during one scene. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore “Brianna refers to Jocasta as her ‘aunt’ but pronounces it ‘ant’,” u/Hansekins posted. “This is not uncommon in the US... the vast majority of Americans pronounce "Aunt" as "ant" (as I do myself).” As fans of the series will know, Brianna does speak with an American accent as she grew up in Boston. However, this viewer still believes she was using the wrong pronunciation of ‘aunt’ due to a couple of important factors. “Brianna was raised by English parents, who pronounce it as ‘ahnt’,” they continued. “But moreover, she was raised in Boston… and New Englanders also pronounce aunt as ‘ahnt’.” Several fans of the series have come to realise English actress Skelton speaks with a more generic American accent with little to no Bostonian hallmarks. While this is understandable given Brianna’s English parentage, it still confuses some viewers when some unexpected pronunciations slip through. DON'T MISS:Law and Order SVU gives huge update on fan-favourite character [LATEST]Carnival Row stars confirm ‘storybook shut’ on season three [EXCLUSIVE]Power Book 2 trailer ‘seals’ Monet Tejada’s death [VIDEO] The post continued: “I grew up mostly in New England, but we didn't move there until I was 9, and had been pronouncing it as ‘ant’ my whole life. My New England friends often teased me about it. “Anyway, a small thing, but in any case, I feel like Brianna would say ‘ahnt’, given her parents and the place she was raised.” However, u/Blues_Blanket replied: “Perhaps, but remember that Brianna did not have any aunts until she went back in time. “There would have been no one for her to refer to as such, so it's entirely possible she just adopted Jamie's pronunciation of the term.” Although Hansekins argued: “If that's the case, she would have also said ‘ahnt’ since that's how Jamie pronounced it. “I also imagine that even if she herself had no aunts, she surely would have had friends who did.” Despite Brianna’s accents not always meshing with the rest of the cast, she has still become a beloved member of the Outlander family. Viewers around the world are currently looking forward to her and Roger’s return in season seven, which sees the Frasers fighting for survival during the American Revolution. Outlander season 7 premieres in the summer of 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.