The pair remained good friends after their performance to Billy Joel's Uptown Girl during a charity gala at the Royal Opera House in London to mark King Charles's 37th birthday. He has since opened up about their close relationship before her death and admitted she would often "do the dishes" to have a break from her royal life. The choreographer appeared on BBC Radio 3's Private Passions where he spoke about his friendship with Princess Diana. He told host Michael Berkeley: "Whenever we saw each other again, the shoes came off at my flat, she’d do the dishes, it would be fun and we’d giggle. "I think she didn’t come to me so much for the serious part that was going on in her life at the time, and things were moving so fast there, I think she just came to me for a break." During his time on the radio show, Wayne explained he met Diana in a small dance studio in the 1980s and they quickly became friends. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis Diana was 5ft 10in which left Wayne unsure as to how their partnership would work but she soon won him over with her sense of humour. Wayne said Diana called him a "naughty boy'" after he confessed to having a "very late night" during their first early morning meeting. He described how the pair managed to keep their performance a secret which included different venues and only telling a tight group of people. Explaining how Diana's lady-in-waiting, Anne Beckwith-Smith, and his coach, Alan, were in on the secret, Wayne said: "They were all scared for their lives or their jobs. "If we’d done a funny little routine that was naff." However, the professional said it was clear Diana had a talent for dancing from the early days of their rehearsals. Wayne has previously said before that many people thought Diana was a lookalike when they first stepped on stage. As their performance came to an end he gave Diana a gentle push to bow to her husband, then Prince Charles, who was seated in the Royal Box. DON'T MISS...Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series [INSIGHT]Countryfile confirms death of guest after heartwarming moment [LATEST]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [WATCH] As they walked off, Wayne claims Diana jokingly turned to him and said: "You won't get your OBE like that!" Princess Diana wasn't the only one in the Royal Family who liked to do the dishes as her former butler Paul Burrell said The Queen often helped out with the dishes at Balmoral. Appearing on Vicky Pattison's The Secret podcast in December 2020, he said: "[The Queen] does like to go on picnics, but the food is all prepared. "She likes to wash up. She puts on the Marigolds and when she goes out to the log cabin at Balmoral she is stood there with her Marigolds on and she washes up and the lady in waiting dries." Prince Harry recently opened up about his memories of his mother in his memoir Spare and the way her death impacted his childhood and relationship with his father and brother. On May, 6 King Charles III's coronation will take place where he will be crowned alongside his wife Camilla Queen Consort. In a statement, the Palace added: "The Coronation is a solemn religious service, together with an occasion for celebration and pageantry. "The ceremony has retained a similar structure for over a thousand years, and this year’s Coronation is expected to include the same core elements while recognising the spirit of our times. "For the last 900 years, the ceremony has taken place at Westminster Abbey, London. Since 1066, the service has almost always been conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury."