Pedro Pascal is the reigning king of the small screen with a new season of The Mandalorian about to air alongside his jaw-dropping turn as Joel Miller in HBO’s The Last of Us. Ahead of the third season dropping on Disney+ at the start of March, the Star Wars regular has opened up about the difficulties of wearing Din Djarin’s striking yet claustrophobic outfit. Pascal admitted he’s almost totally "blind" when he wears Djarin’s iconic Mandalorian helmet. Although the bounty hunter has started having second thoughts about his creed, members of his culture are required to wear their armour at all times. This has made filming the Star Wars spin-off difficult for the lead actor, as it’s nearly impossible for Pascal to see what he’s doing through his helmet’s thin visor. “It’s like putting on a head-to-toe glove with weights on it,” he revealed. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments “It’s ironic that you can’t see any facial expression because it puts you in the world so completely, and instantly makes the character feel real – but you can’t see s**t!” Djarin, or ‘Mando’, has appeared in two seasons of the show so far as well as crossing over with his small companion Grogu in The Book of Boba Fett. While the Disney production team has continued to make tweaks to the armour to make it easier to move around in, the impractical design of the helmet hasn’t changed. “They’ve continued to finesse and make it more comfortable, but it’s like going blind,” Pascal told Empire. “Your breath completely fogs up the narrow slit that you can see through. “There’s no peripheral vision. If there’s a hole, I’m gonna fall into it.” Thankfully, creator Jon Favreau and the team keep things safe on set, so Pascal hasn’t had any major accidents just yet. Moreover, his outfit looks so impressive in the final product that he can happily overlook his filming troubles. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii fans ‘turn off’ as Lucy and Kate missing [BACKLASH]Below Deck fans slam Ross’ ‘disrespectful’ behaviour to Katie [OPINION]The Good Doctor’s Shaun faces parenting concerns in promo [VIDEO] “When it’s on, you immediately feel powerful, protected, dangerous, and like a protector,” he added. More episodes of the hit Star Wars show will begin in just over two weeks’ time, and fans have been given a taste of the action in some thrilling new trailers. Teasing more of the season to come, Pascal went on: “What I love most about season three is how much the world opens up in terms of Mandalore and Mandalorians. “That means so many different facets of culture, politics, and rules and discoveries. Delicious doors are flying wide open.” Fan-favourite Bo-Katan Kryze (played by Katee Sackhoff) will also be making a return and appears to be taking on a much larger role this time around. Also in play during season three is the mysterious Darksaber, which Djarin’s nemesis Moff Gideon (Giancarlo Esposito) is desperate to get his hands on. Season three is by no means the end of Disney+’s Star Wars content this year, either, as both Ahsoka and Skeleton Crew are due out over the coming months. The Mandalorian season 3 premieres on March 1 on Disney+.