Britain's longest-serving female prisoner - dubbed the "prison system's forgotten inmate" after spending 35 years behind bars for murdering her ex’s new lover in jealous rage - could finally walk free. Maria Pearson, who is now 66, will find out within weeks if she will be freed from jail after being behind bars since 1986 for the jealousy-fuelled murder of Janet Newton. Pearson's last review in July 2020 was rejected, partly because of her poor behaviour in prison. Her latest hearing is expected to recommence in "a few weeks". A Parole Board spokesperson said: "The oral hearing in the case of Maria Pearson has been adjourned. Parole reviews are undertaken thoroughly and with extreme care. Protecting the public is our number one priority." The mother-of-three used a stealth knife to brutally stab her building society worker victim 17 times after stalking her in the street in Hartlepool. In 1987 Pearson, who was 31 at the time, was found guilty of murder and was ordered to serve a minimum 12-years before being considered for parole, but the killer has now served an additional 23-years past her minimum term. It means has has now served just one year less than that served by Myra Hindley for her part in the sadistic sadistic Moors child murders before she died in 2002. For Pearson, a Parole Board meeting was held nearly a month ago on January 17, but it was adjourned after it was decided extra checks - including psychiatric reports, the views of jail officials and plans to manage her in the community - were needed. Officials want to ensure Pearson is no danger to society if she is recommended for release from prison. A source told MailOnline: "Maria is the prison system's forgotten inmate. Maria vows she is reformed, but nobody on the Parole Board wants to make a mistake. They are being extra cautious." During Pearson's trial, Teeside Crown Court had been told the knife she used had penetrated 23 year-old Janet's heart and she was left lying in a pool of blood in Grange Road, Hartlepool. The brutal murder happened just two days after Janet and Pearson's ex-lover became engaged. Pearson had married Malcolm Pearson bigamously in 1986 shortly after giving birth to their daughter but after they separated, he and Janet began a relationship. READ MORE: Eugenie 'broke ranks' by joining Harry for Super Bowl Event But Maria Pearson stalked her love rival, abused her in the street and just three days before the attack, sent hate letters to Janet's mum. In 2006, then Home Secretary John Reid rejected a Parole Board recommendation for Pearson to be moved to an open prison and prepared for release. The judge said she was still "in denial" and showing limited sympathy for her victim. Pearson had been housed in an open jail in 2004 but that lasted just three months after she was accused of intimidation and bullying before being sent back to a closed prison. DON'T MISSNicola Bulley police to hold media conference over missing mum [LATEST]French 'concern' over British Army as Berlin asked to lead NATO force [COMMENTS]Woman assaulted on London bus in religiously-aggravated incident [REPORT] The Home Secretary had said at the time there were still concerns over Pearson's history of "manipulating" prison staff to achieve her own ends. She had also shown a negative attitude to authority and an unresponsiveness to treatment, as well as an unwillingness or inability to conform.