Season three of Outer Banks dropped on Netflix recently with the story picking up with John B (played by Chase Stokes) embarking on a fresh adventure to find a new treasure trove. However again there will be more danger for John B and his friends including love interest Sarah Cameron. Since first hitting screens back in 2020, Outer Banks has become a huge hit for Netflix and propelled its young cast into the spotlight including American actress Madelyn Cline. Outer Banks marks the 25-year-old model and actress’ biggest role to date. She started off her career working in commercials in New York City for brands like Next and T-Mobile. Madelyn then went on to land small parts in the likes of Boy Erased, Vice Principals, The CW’s The Originals and Netflix’s Stranger Things. Following on from this, she took on role in Outer Banks which made her a huge star. READ MORE: Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest Her modelling jobs and early roles would have helped to start establishing her net worth. However, Outer Banks is the biggest contributor to her wealth with the actress appearing in a total of 31 episodes to date. Netflix has already confirmed Outer Banks will be returning for season four after getting the green light from the streamer early on. So, Madelyn is likely to build on her net worth by appearing in the next series and again build on her net worth. According to Gossip Gist, Madelyn is worth an estimated £66,000 ($80,000). She is reportedly paid between an estimated £16,000 to £33,000 ($20,000 to $40,000) per episode of Outer Banks, via Pop Buzz. These figures would suggest, Madelyn could actually be worth a lot more given the amount she would be making per season. With Outer Banks continuing to grow in popularity, Madelyn and the other cast members could see their salaries going up in line with the show’s success. Moreover, their salaries are likely to have already increased since season one with the popularity of Outer Banks. Outer Banks has also helped Madelyn to secure other work with the actress appearing in the Knives Out sequel Glass Onion in which she played Whiskey. Glass Onion was a huge hit for Netflix, sitting in the streamer’s top 10 charts last year and would have bolstered Madelyn’s profile further for those unfamiliar with her from Outer Banks. After appearing in Outer Banks, Madelyn also featured in the films What Breaks the Ice and Once Upon a Time in Staten Island. The actress recently posted on Instagram, thanking fans for supporting Outer Banks and sharing a series of snaps from an event to promote the new series. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Caroline Hawley has been part of Bargain Hunt since 2014 [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [INSIGHT] Along with the images, shared with her 14.1million Instagram followers, Madelyn wrote: “Words can’t even begin to describe. “Yesterday was so special. I’m beyond grateful to @netflix , to this cast and crew, and mostly to each and every one of y’all who have watched and loved obx and to everyone who showed up to poguelandia yesterday!!!!” She added: “Thank you thank you thank you a million times thank you #obx4.” With Outer Banks proving a hit, Madelyn is likely to see her net worth grow considerably more with further work off the back of the series. Outer Banks season 3 is streaming on Netflix now