Liverpool have endured a nightmare campaign this time around, with boss Jurgen Klopp coming under increasing pressure by the week. The German has been let down by a number of his stars since the campaign got underway and his Anfield future is now in doubt. And Express Sport takes a look at the Reds’ five worst performers this season... Mohamed Salah Mohamed Salah has been Liverpool’s star man since joining the club from Roma in 2017 and has bagged an incredible 173 goals in 285 games for the Reds. But he has been well short of his usual standards this term and has been unable to have the same impact on his team as he has had in the past. Salah has still racked-up 17 goals in all competitions. But just seven of those strikes have come in the Premier League and the Reds have failed to present the same attacking threat as they have done in recent years without the Egypt international firing on all cylinders. Trent Alexander-Arnold Trent Alexander-Arnold’s form has been questioned for some time and he hasn’t been the same player this season. The 24-year-old has been culpable for a number of goals his team have conceded and has looked shaky throughout the campaign. And he hasn’t been able to offer his usual attacking threat at the other end of the pitch, chipping in with just three assists in 28 games. READ MORE: Odegaard makes Arsenal vow as Gunners star fires message to Man City Fabinho Fabinho has seen an enormous drop-off during this campaign and has been dominated in the centre of the pitch by rival midfielders time and time again. At the age of 29, his best days may well now be in the past. And unless he can rediscover his form throughout the second half of the campaign, the Reds could miss out qualifying for any European competition next season, let alone the Champions League. Jordan Henderson Jordan Henderson is another player who has come in for some stick this season, despite playing a starring role for England at last year’s World Cup in Qatar. The 32-year-old’s club performances haven’t been good enough for a player competing in a team that wants to win trophies - and the Reds are paying the price as a result. DON'T MISSGary Neville explains why he has performed sudden Arsenal title U-turnMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawlMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds draw  Joe Gomez Joe Gomez is another player who has underwhelmed in a Liverpool shirt since last summer. The 25-year-centre back has appeared in 17 Premier League matches this term but hasn’t been the answer to Klopp’s woes. Gomez has looked especially poor without Virgil van Dijk alongside him at the heart of the Merseysiders’ backline. And he is unlikely to command a starting place next season if Klopp sticks around and delves into the transfer market for defensive reinforcements. 