You don't have to invest thousands on cosmetic procedures or the finest skincare in order to shave years off your age. Personal stylist and image coach Melissa Lund spoke to Express.co.uk about the style mistakes that are ageing women prematurely. Melissa started off by reassuring mature women that style doesn't have to go out the window when you reach middle age. In fact, it's "possible to look fabulous" at any age, no matter if you are 20 or 80 years old. While you can still retain your personal style, there are a few things that might have to be "reconsidered". For example, you may have been able to rock head-to-toe jet black when you were younger. READ MORE: 57-year-old shares 'unreal' youthful transformation - pictures But while this dramatic look typically works for women in their 20s and 30s, it may not serve you well in your 40s, 50s and beyond. As elegant as it can feel, it is difficult for many older ladies to pull of such a dramatic look. Melissa claimed that a monochromatic black ensemble will "guarantee a trip to frump land" if it does not suit your palette. She said: "If black is not in your palette, it will pull the light away from your face and you’ll look tired and older." What's more, all-black outfits run the risk of highlighting "under eye shadows and bags". Mature women should not be scrapping dark colours altogether in favour of bright blues and yellows, as these can still be chic and stylish. So do not worry - if you love wearing black, it's not necessary to ditch it entirely. But instead of wearing it head-to-toe, incorporate it into your outfits with a black handbag, black pumps or one black item of clothing. READ MORE: Expert shares popular hairstyle which 'adds years' - pictures The expert also suggested experimenting with other dark colours in later life. She explained that "wearing colours that suit you can make you look years younger". This might mean rethinking your "darkest colour" - meaning the darkest shade you can wear that still suits and complements you. As we age, our skin becomes paler and more translucent, with our hair also thinning out and getting lighter with greys. She advised: "If black or midnight blue suited you in your thirties you might decide that charcoal grey and navy are now the darkest colours in your palette." Melissa Lund concluded: "It’s not necessary to completely change your personal style as you age but it might be necessary to modify certain elements."