Chelsea owner Todd Boehly risks angering the club's Premier League rivals as a result of his aggressive transfer policy at Stamford Bridge, according to reports. The American billionaire has wasted no time in demonstrating that he is prepared to splash a huge amount of money for the Blues to be successful, with around £323million being spent on new players in the January window alone. Chelsea have parted ways with over £600m since Boehly took control of the club towards the end of last season and recently broke the British transfer record to sign Enzo Fernandez from Benfica to the tune of around £107m. It seems as though Boehly's expensive strategy has been winding up the owners of Chelsea's direct rivals in the Premier League, who are not impressed with his free-spending habits over the last few months.That's according to The Athletic, who are reporting that many club chiefs have reacted with 'jealousy, bitterness, admiration and confusion' to Chelsea's exploits in the last two transfer windows. There is said to be a widely-held belief that the Blues are out to disrupt and distort proceedings in the market, particularly by spending so heavily in January when lucrative deals are typically rarer than in the summer.Other clubs have also quickly grown tired of Chelsea's erratic recruitment style and willingness to hijack big-money moves from their rivals, as they did to complete the signing of Mykhaylo Mudryk from under the noses of Arsenal earlier this year. Some team owners have been left unable to make sense of Chelsea's movements in the market, with one quoted as saying: "They’re all over the shop, trying to do deals left, right and centre." JUST IN: Everton 'offered Isco' on free transfer and may propose six-month deal Another unnamed senior executive at a Premier League club fumed: "It has all been a bit bonkers since Todd came in and the project became owner-led, which is fine if there is a structure, but there doesn’t seem to be one. When Marina [Granovskaia] and Bruce [Buck] were at Chelsea, they were professional and the chain of command was obvious."It remains to be seen how Chelsea's unique transfer strategy will fare in the long run as their plethora of new signings look to gel with each other under the guidance of Graham Potter over the coming weeks and months. The Blues manager recently warned that the scale of Chelsea's activity in January could pose issues further down the line by insisting that it would be entirely unreasonable to sign a completely new squad in one window, in spite of the club's best efforts to do so last month.  "We’ve got to be, not necessarily careful, but you’ve got to understand we’ve got 10 or 11 players unavailable and you can’t just sign players to replace those because then you’d have a squad of 30 and that is a problem," said Potter after Chelsea's win over Crystal Palace last month."So you have to do the right thing and look at what the right solutions are. Sometimes they are not aligned completely as you’d like them because the January window is complicated, but always my job is to try to support the club, make the right decisions, and help the team improve." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.