Jeremy Clarkson is the star of Amazon Prime Video's Clarkson's Farm, documenting his journey as he learns all about the farming industry with the help of some trusted allies. It's been a long wait for season two as subscribers had been eager to watch what happens next for the past couple of years. With The Grand Tour host back on the small screen, viewers are keen to know all there is about what's been going on at Diddly Squat Farm. Diddly Squat Farm is located between Chipping Norton and Chadlington, in Oxfordshire. Clarkson launched the farm in 2020, deciding to take over the running of the land which he has owned since 2008, after the previous farmer retired. The farm spans more than 1,000 acres, making it one of the biggest stretches of land in the area. According to reports, it is 25 times bigger than Buckingham Palace's land which is just 39 acres. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore In the first season, Clarkson was seen stressing out about how large the site is, realising he had only a couple of weeks to sow seeds for the harvest season. Talking about the size of the farm on BBC Radio Oxford, farm manager Kaleb Cooper said: "It's a 1,000-acre farm so it's very big. "The majority of the farms around here are averaging about 150-200 acres. "You get the odd big farm that's got 2,000 for example...but to have 1,000 is a big old chunk really."  Two years after he purchased the land, Clarkson joked a reason for wanting the farm was for his own enjoyment. He wrote on the Top Gear website back in 2010: "I have bought a farm. "There are many sensible reasons for this. Land is a better investment than any bank can offer. "The government doesn’t get any of my money when I die. And the price of the food that I grow can only go up. "But there is another, much more important reason: I can now have a quad bike." DON'T MISS...Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [EXIT]Pip Lacey is Jeremy Clarkson's chef and here's all you need to know [EXPLAINER]Jeremy Clarkson under fire from dyslexic lawyer after comment on show [REACTION] Clarkson is seen struggling with a new enemy against his land in the second season of Clarkson's Farm. He invested in buying a herd of cows to help naturally fertilise the land but is soon told in the series that there is an outbreak of TB, spread by badgers which have been protected animals since the 1980s. Speaking to Amazon Prime Video about the issue, Clarkson said: “We thought, ‘What do we do?’ because if you want to make a popular show you have to say, ‘Oh, look at the little cuddly-wuddly badgers. “But I thought: no, it’s a farming show, and you’d lose your core audience – the farmers – if you went around saying, ‘Look at these sweet little animals.’ "So, I actually called them b******s and showed people what they actually do. It’s truthful."    There is no need to be concerned about the future of Clarkson's Farm just yet. It has already been announced there will be a third season of the docu-series on the way. Whether or not there will be any more going forward is still unknown due to reports that Amazon Prime Video could be cutting ties with the host. Clarkson's Farm seasons one and two are available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.   