While some experts are advising buyers to wait until 2024 to move house, property expert and director of Stanford Estates, James Nicol, has seen some benefits for those looking to buy a new home this year. Rather than waiting for another new year to arrive, James has shared five reasons why you should take the plunge in 2023 - from lower prices to less competition. Five things to consider when deciding whether or not to buy a property this year or wait until 2024: House price growth slowed in December 2022, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS). Earlier this month, Nationwide Building Society also reported house prices continued to drop in January, falling for the fifth month in a row. The building society's latest house price index shows the average cost of a home is 3.2 percent lower than the peak seen last August. The average UK house price in January 2023 was around £258,297 which is down 0.6 percent. And when you take inflation into account, house prices have dropped significantly. READ MORE: ‘Outdated’ kitchen features to 'avoid' or risk devaluing your home Property prices started levelling in early 2022 and, despite the usual summer surge, prices remained around the same going into 2023. According to Halifax's latest house price index, there has been just a 1.9 percent increase in UK house prices from January 2022 to January 2023. Given there was a 10.5 percent rise in the CPI inflation rate in the 12 months to December 2022, this actually signals a drop in house prices given that they stayed mostly the same and haven’t been rising in line with inflation. James said: "By buying in 2023 rather than waiting until 2024, buyers could jump in at the right time and secure a property at a better deal. As house prices aren’t rising at the same rate as inflation, you could get your ideal property at a ‘discounted’ rate. DON'T MISS‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ [INSIGHT]Houseplant expert shares how to ‘encourage’ orchids to ‘repeat bloom’ [UPDATE]Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ [ANALYSIS] "Waiting until 2024 could result in house prices rising at the same rate of inflation, meaning you could pay more for the same property. This is particularly important to note for first-time buyers or those who are upsizing." Gone are the days of sealed bids and offers well above the asking price. Due to the current economic climate, people are starting to make lower offers for properties. This is a great opportunity for buyers to potentially swoop in and grab a great deal on a property. Buyers could also secure a better property - perhaps one they wouldn't have been able to afford a year ago. However, James shared a warning when it comes to making offers on homes. He said: "A word of warning though: ‘low ball’ offers are unlikely to result in a sale, as the sellers would rather stay put or rent than sell at a price that’s significantly lower than the asking price." READ MORE: Gardening mistakes that can be ‘off-putting’ to potential buyers  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Taking the plunge and buying in 2023 means you can capitalise on a less competitive market, with fewer people buying. Less competition generally makes transactions a lot smoother, with less chance of bidding wars or being gazumped. A big consideration when looking to move house or buy a property is mortgage rates. Higher mortgage rates often put potential buyers off from buying, resulting in them waiting for rates to settle down. According to the expert, mortgage rates have already started to settle down. James said: "Even if the Bank of England (BoE) increases rates further, as expected, this has already been factored into mortgage rates. "There is no need to wait until 2024 for mortgage rates to settle, as it’s already happening. It’s unlikely that rates will return to what they were before for a very long time." If you're currently a tenant but you are financially able to buy a home, the experts advise doing this "sooner rather than later". While mortgage rates are higher than what they used to be, they are settling down and it’s generally better to start paying off your own mortgage than paying off your landlord's. James added: "Everyone’s financial situations are unique and individuals have been impacted by the cost of living crisis in different ways. It’s essential to seek financial advice before committing to such a big investment."