Matthew (played by Olly Rix) proposed to Trixie (Helen George) during the Call the Midwife Christmas 2022 special and left viewers in tears over the beautiful scenes. As series 12 comes to an end, the couple is set to finally tie the knot and spend the rest of their lives together. However, Helen recently opened up about her time on the BBC show and admitted she never watches herself when the series airs. When discussing the Christmas Special, Helen admitted she had a lot of involvement in Trixie's ring and what the perfect proposal would be for her character. However, when asked if she was excited to watch the special and see the scenes come together, Helen made a shocking admission. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, she said: "I leave the room. I find it really stressful watching myself on TV. "I'll come back in to watch my friends do their scenes but I get sweaty palms and have to go and get a glass of red wine. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error "I'll dip in and out, my stuff I tend to not watch. When I was on maternity leave last year it was great because I actually watched it, it was great. I loved it." Co-star Laura Main, who plays Shelagh Turner, added: "I will watch it with my family, we have watched every single episode and I'll be up in Scotland so we can watch it together. "They like to watch it live, they love it. It is easier watching when you have already seen it so you don't quite have to hide behind the sofa so much. "But no I feel really proud of that, not personally but I just think it is a brilliant episode and everybody is fabulous in it so I am excited to watch it with them." The synopsis for tonight's finale reads: "The countdown to Trixie and Matthew's wedding officially begins, with Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings) taking charge of organising the wedding gifts. "Trixie's brother Geoffrey arrives and sets out to arrange the perfect hen party. However, the nuptials cause stress levels to escalate as a catalogue of disasters threatens to spoil the day. "Meanwhile, a car crash leaves Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) facing the biggest test of his career when he left to save a precious life. "Nancy Corrigan (Megan Cusak) considers her and Colette Corrigan's (Francesca Fullilove) future and Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter) hatches a plan to save Nonnatus House once and for all." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [WATCH]There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [LATEST] Trixie and Matthew's marriage signifies the beginning of their life together, alongside the latter's son Jonathan Alyward. However, Helen recently admitted extending their family and having children is off the cards for the happy couple. Touching on how many babies are already on the show, she said: "I think they should get a dog. I really think we need a dog as a lead character in the show. "I think some sort of labrador puppy coming into the show would be a really lovely arrival because we have a lot of babies on the show. "I'm not sure we need another one but that's for [writer] Heidi Thomas and everybody else to decide, but maybe a dog." Olly added: "It's kind of out of our hands, I'm always happy to bring a dog into the show, for sure. They are really focused on the world outside of their home and thus far we have pretty much seen them in that context. "We haven't really seen them in their home so it might be that the story doesn't go into their home. It might be that they continue to sort of look out towards the community and they choose to raise Jonty and have a dog. "And get more involved in Poplar." Call the Midwife's season 12 finale airs on Sunday, February 26, at 8pm on BBC One.