Ranvir Singh initially said she was all for women making their own decisions on whether or not to wear make-up before giving birth. However, she was left questioning guest and broadcaster Naomi Isted who seemed to suggest new mothers got “lazy” and dropped their standards after having a child. The ITV host quizzed Naomi, asking if this meant she was lazy for not wearing make-up. Naomi said: “I did top up my make-up [in between contractions]. It was a long labour. I was completely bored. I was doing my make-up, reading.” Good Morning Britain presnter Ranvir said: “I’m impressed. I think it’s amazing to have that thought.” The guest continued: “For me, it’s such a life-changing experience having children and why wouldn’t we help our mental health by being the best version of ourselves all the time? “It’s very easy to be a lazy person and lower your standards.” READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage This comment seemed to hit Ranvir hard as she gasped and asked: “Who are you calling lazy?” Ranvir continued to be left speechless by the comments from the guest. Naomi continued: “I’m just saying, if you don’t want to make an effort. Some people don’t want to make an effort.” But Ranvir appeared to be affronted as she said: “Sorry, you’re saying if you don’t put make-up on during birth, you’re lazy?” Naomi responded: “No, I’m saying, in life, if you don’t want to make an effort, that’s your choice but I’m the sort of person who does make an effort and I make an effort with everything I do.” The scenes came after Good Morning Britain waded into a debate about expectant mothers putting on a full face of make-up to meet their new baby. Guest Naomi sparred with fellow broadcaster Clare Muldoon, who was concerned about the growing trend of mothers-to-be wearing make-up to meet their little ones. Clare said: “You’re then pushing this narrative that you need to be the best version of yourself, to wear lots of make-up, you need to be beautiful.” Naomi hit back: “I actually find that really offensive. I think as a woman it’s a woman’s prerogative and narrative to have the birth experience, like you were just saying. “For me, personally when I went into labour I had a blow dry the day before, I’d had a fake tan, I’d had my hair and make-up [done]. “I did my hair and make-up because I wanted to feel good and it’s about feeling good within because I’d gone through nine months of a terrible pregnancy. “I felt awful. I didn’t feel good and I wanted to feel good when I was bringing my child into the world. DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt sparks uproar as BBC fans blast 'biased' interview [VIEWER REACTION]Death in Paradise episode 7 will welcome back series 12 guest stars [INSIGHT]Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore [VIDEO] Clare told her: “It’s not all about us, mums delivering the child. You have to look at the bigger picture here. “You’re pushing a narrative that’s very dangerous. You’re pushing a narrative for Instagram.” But Naomi asked her: “How can that be a narrative that’s dangerous? Make the most of yourself and be the best version of yourself.” In the end, Ranvir seemed to be sitting on the fence and said she wanted to know more about the debate before making a decision either way. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays from 6am