Erik ten Hag could be tempted to tinker with his Manchester United starting eleven for their Europa League clash against Barcelona on Thursday evening. The Red Devils secured a 2-0 victory against Leeds on Sunday afternoon, pulling five points clear of fourth-placed Newcastle. Marcus Rashford took his goal tally to 12 for the season when he opened the scoring in the 80th minute when he nodded past Illan Meslier from close-range. Alejandro Garnacho then came off of the bench to double the home side’s lead just five minutes later, using his fierce speed to capitalise on the tired Leeds defence to race down the wing before slotting a neat finish into the far corner. The performance was one that Ten Hag will have been pleased with, though he will know that his team will need to improve if they are to beat Barcelona later this week. Express Sport takes a look at three players he could drop for the Europa League clash… Harry Maguire Although he slotted rather seamlessly back into the heart of the United defence against Leeds, it feels somewhat inevitable that club captain Harry Maguire will return to the bench later this week. The England international has fallen down the pecking order at Old Trafford, with the emergence of Luke Shaw in central defence adding further competition for places. Lisandro Martinez is not able to feature against Barcelona so Ten Hag took the decision to rest Raphael Varane at the weekend, and one would expect the France international to slot in alongside Shaw at the Camp Nou with United not willing to risk Maguire making a mistake. Fred Despite being given the Player of the Match award on Sunday, Fred seems the likeliest candidate to drop to the bench for the match against Barcelona to make way for Casemiro. The ex-Real Madrid star has now served his three-match suspension following his red card against Crystal Palace and will be chomping at the bit to return to action in such a high-pressure match. Marcel Sabitzer has impressed since joining United on loan from Bayern Munich and could be a candidate to step to the side, though his experience in competing at the very top level may prove valuable against a talented Barca side. Wout Weghorst Wout Weghorst is still adjusting to life as United’s No 9, though there may not be room for a player not fully comfortable in a Europa League Round of 32 clash. The Burnley loanee has failed to find the back of the net in five league appearances and his height and presence could mean that he is deemed more effective as an impact sub in Spain. Injuries to Antony and Anthony Martial makes replacing Weghorst a tricky task, though teenage prospect Garnacho did make an impact against Leeds which could prompt Ten Hag into rewarding him with a start. Rashford has certainly been best utilised as a left-winger this season, but the England international is in such impressive form that playing him through the middle is unlikely to hinder the Red Devils’ chances on Thursday night.