On Thursday morning, the pair were discussing whether people love their dogs more than their partners, with Valentine's day just around the corner. Isabel made a cheeky comment aimed towards Ruth, before realising she could have landed herself in hot water with both Eamonn and Ruth. Eamonn began: "We are asking if people love their pets more than their partners." Isabel turned and pointed at Eamonn: "You do," to which he gave a small smirk and teased: "She said it Ruth, not me." Laughing at her probe she added: "Oh it could be a tie. Oh gosh I am in trouble now!" before placing her hand over her face. The pair went on to speak to Love Island star Olivia Attwood who claimed she was spending her Valentine's day with her dog Lola, instead of her fiance Badley Dack. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending Isabel asked: "I mean what is it about us Brits? We are so soppy about our pets that we prefer them to our partners. I know Eamonn definitely puts Maggie on a pedestal." Eamonn exclaimed: "We only have to meet some of our partners. If my wife treated me the way my dog does, life would be a whole different thing. "If I came home and Ruth was on her back like that with her tongue hanging out, life would be perfect." Isabel sank in embarrassment: "Oh gosh..." and left Olivia shocked, pulling her hands up over her mouth. Eamonn previously left Isabel stunned with an admission about his relationship with Ruth in the bedroom during yesterday's show. Isabel admitted she had "very strong" views on letting dogs and animals sleep in the same bed as her at night. She said: "I was going through the papers this morning and this caught my eye because I have strong views on it. "Do you share your bed with Maggie the dog?" to which Eamonn immediately revealed: "We do, yes." DON'T MISS...Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [INSIGHT]Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [WATCH] Isabel was stunned and asked: "Do you ever think this is quite disgusting and hygienic and disturbing your sleep pattern?" Eamonn defended his and Ruth's decision to have Maggie on the bed and expressed: "No, she sleeps down by my feet and Ruth's feet. "Ruth's feet are very big so they take up a lot of the bed," he teased. "But the doggy is down there. "The only thing I am ever aware of is when I turn on my side and roll my leg over, sometimes I put my leg on top of her and she doesn't really move." Ruth is also very open about her relationship with Eamonn and recently left her Loose Women panel stunned after making a cheeky admission. She discussed the ways in which she is guaranteed to have sex and explained: "You can have all the compliments and the flowers. "But then, if Eamonn comes home and has used my car and he goes, 'Filled the petrol up and did your washer bottle,' I’m like, 'Get upstairs right now'." Frankie Bridge, Carol McGiffin, Kelle Bryant and the studio audience all burst into fits of laughter. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.