Max Verstappen has admitted he held crunch talks with Netflix before deciding to feature in series five of Drive to Survive. The Red Bull star said he “spoke with” show bosses before he agreed to sit down for the hit TV show. The 25-year-old stressed he “hoped” bosses “understood his message” but revealed he would watch the show as it was “important” for the sport. Verstappen has made a U-turn on a previous decision not to feature in the show. His appearance in season five was teased in the new trailer ahead of the launch later this month. Speaking during Red Bull’s launch event, Verstappen said: “I spoke with them before I gave an interview with them. “I of course hope they understood my message and I also know that being a world champion, you have to be a part of something like that so I think I gave them like 30 minutes or an hour of interview. I hope they are going to use it well. READ MORE: Max Verstappen responds to Lewis Hamilton claim “I don’t know when I am going to watch it but I hope I will be happy after watching it. I know it is important to F1 for growing the sport in general.” Verstappen has previously refused to feature on the Netflix series after he claimed they faked rivalries. He attacked the show for being “too dramatic” and even compared it to the reality TV series Keeping up with the Kardashians. The Dutchman defended his friend Lando Norris and claimed producers had made the McLaren star look bad. He explained: “I understand that it needs to be done to boost the popularity in America. But from my side as a driver, I don’t like being part of it.” “They faked a few rivalries which they don’t really exist. So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show. I am not really a dramatic show kind of person, I just want facts and real things to happen. DON'T MISSVerstappen shuts down 'absurd' claim made about him by Red Bull chief [INSIGHT]Verstappen bullish as Red Bull star refuses to follow Horner narrative [COMMENT]Red Bull making Ferrari and Mercedes 'look stupid' as heroes praised [ANALYSIS] “Probably in the Netflix show we will be. We one time bumped into each other walking, so probably that will be in there.” Last season, F1 boss Stefano Domenicali promised to hold talks between drivers and show executives to find a middle ground. He said it was important that drivers are “included” in a format they feel was “correct”. Domenicali also stressed he would speak to Netflix to ensure the story does not “move away from reality”.