Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) took the blame for Al’s (Michael Wilman) death after his son Kyle Winchester shot his enemy. Now it’s out in the open Kyle was the one who pulled the trigger, Cain has returned to Emmerdale village. He’s been told he must stay away from his son and when Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) stops Cain from seeing Kyle, it looks as though he has a new nemesis. However, the ITV actor has explained he would like some peace for Cain admitting he doesn’t always need an enemy. Jeff shared: “I don’t think he needs a nemesis all the time. “I think it would be nice not to have that for a while but I think they always like to put somebody against Cain. “I’m quite happy for it to be no nemesis for the time being as it makes life a bit simpler. READ MORE: Millennial watches Fawlty Towers and 'couldn't believe her eyes' “If I’m speaking honestly as me, as me playing the character, I don’t think Cain’s learnt much from his time inside so far. “But I hope to see some lessons and a change because of his actions and fingers crossed that creates new pathways for him. “Cain’s DNA is always going to act in situations but I think big things like this should teach him lessons and if he doesn’t, we aren’t going to better ourselves.” While Cain may not be involved in another rivalry anytime soon, it looks as though he could be teaming up with long lost brother Caleb (Will Ash). The pair both despise Will Taylor and revel in seeing him panic when they unleash chaos on Home Farm. Cain will let prize horse Apollo out of his stable at Home Farm, and the stud comes racing down Main Street. Will struggled to contain the animal and Caleb is forced to step in and help. Teasing a potential alliance between the brothers, Jeff continued: “Certainly in this situation with Will they come together because I think Will doesn’t like Caleb and Caleb has suspicions about Will as well. Or, not suspicions but doesn’t warm to Will. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's identity as Chloe star drops clue [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale double exit as fans 'work out' Samson's killer plan [SPOILER]Emmerdale's Lisa Riley terrified after she required four surgeries [INSIGHT] “It’s good that the two of them come together and work together and start to get on. “Who knows, it could be the start of a formidable relationship. “Will has done a couple of things in this day and Cain reacts as he normally does and thinks ‘I’m going to get you for this. I’m going to teach you a lesson for this.’ “He’s not in a particularly good way with Kyle so he’s lashing out at someone else in the way.” Elsewhere in Emmerdale, there will be heartache for the Dingles when Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) goes missing. Fans have seen Paddy struggle with the breakdown of his marriage and will sink into depression. He will leave the village to hide out in a B&B before contemplating taking his own life. o bring this story to the screen, Emmerdale programme researchers and writers have taken advice and worked closely with both Samaritans and Andy’s Man Club in order to tell Paddy’s story as authentically as possible. Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV from 7.30pm.