Aries You’re tempted to leave a housemate to sort out domestic muddles but is this really fair? You might not think you are much of a help but at least let them know you are willing to support them. There could be a way you can save them a lot of frustration. Taurus Stop telling yourself you can’t do something when you haven’t even given it a try. Don’t let doubt and fear hold you back. You are more capable than you believe yourself to be and all you have to do is take that first step towards achieving something special and worthwhile. Gemini You are a person of many talents. Some of these you should draw on now in order to progress a personal aim. If you are being forced out of a job or long-term arrangement, look for ways to transfer your skills to a different field. Keep your thoughts positive and hopeful.   Cancer Your partner is starting to question your commitment to your relationship. You will admit you haven’t had much chance lately to express your loving feelings. Since you’re as devoted to them now as you were when you first met, you will find a way to show them how much you care. Leo Keep your thoughts to yourself when someone shares their fanciful ideas. A friend or workmate can’t seem to see how unrealistic their plans happen to be. Once they act on them, they will find out. Focus on your more meaningful relationships today. Virgo You are starting to understand the pressure a friend is under and how this is making them more touchy and emotional than normal. You will do your best to let them see you care even though your social life is a little fractious and you could do without this kind of tension.    Libra Even if you are irritated by their behaviour, be kind to a youngster who needs some help and guidance. You have a better understanding of a complicated issue than others. Being able to explain a complex problem in simple terms will help people get to grips with some difficulties. Scorpio A workmate’s teasing remarks will irritate you. Even if some of the things they say get too personal for comfort, try to ignore them. This could be their way of trying to get attention and the more you react, the longer this situation is likely to continue. Sagittarius Acting on a spontaneous idea will be fun and will help appease your restless spirit. If routine tasks can be left for another day, be impulsive and move on to something different. Avoid the temptation to seek outside advice regarding a close relationship or someone will feel you have betrayed their trust.  Capricorn Arranging for someone you care for to get some respite care will help you recharge your battery. A joined up strategy is necessary if you are to cope better with family obligations. Promises that you would get help have been made for a while but you may have to shout in order to receive this. Aquarius It may not be your favourite pastime but checking finances is necessary. With everyday expenses continuing to rise it is important to know you have enough money to pay bills. It isn’t a good idea to allow finances to fall into disarray. Get all things financial in order. Pisces A duty visit to or from relatives will provide you with some interesting information. You may not have been looking forward to meeting up with someone but you will be glad you made the effort. A difficult work project is getting you down. You will be glad to hand it over to someone else to finish.      