Manchester United star Casemiro has been likened to Roy Keane ahead of Wednesday’s Premier League clash with Leeds. However, Erik ten Hag is facing a major dilemma ahead of that showdown with the Brazil international set to miss the match through suspension. Marcel Sabitzer is now expected to partner up with Fred in the middle of the park, with Bruno Fernandes playing further ahead. Manchester United continued their resurgence under Ten Hag with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace on Saturday afternoon. But the Red Devils suffered a major blow during that contest when Casemiro received his marching orders. The Brazil international was given a straight red card for having his hands around the throat of Palace midfielder Will Hughes. But despite his misdemeanour, former United star Teddy Sheringham has likened the 30-year-old to ex-Red Devils skipper Keane. “All I will say about Casemiro is I think he is like a Roy Keane that they have been missing for the last eight years,” he said on talkSPORT. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “That midfield general that has that desire and understanding of the game of when to do what to make sure that his team are performing to the best of their capabilities.” And Sheringham has even defended Casemiro after his red, suggesting the United star felt implored to act. His dismissal came after a brawl that was sparked when Antony was sent soaring into the advertising boards around Old Trafford. Sheringham added: “He’s not just worried about himself, I do like him. “Perhaps he thought he had to enforce something at the time [of his red card].” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United will now have to do without Casemiro for their next three matches. The club are already without Christian Eriksen, who has been ruled out until late April or early May after being forced out of their recent 3-1 win over Reading. Donny van de Beek is sidelined through injury until the end of the season. And United are also currently without Scott McTominay, too. As a result, Sabitzer is likely to step up for the Red Devils following his arrival from Bayern Munich last month. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Fabrizio Romano has opened up on the Austria international, revealing he was eyed by Chelsea before United ended up securing his signature instead. Romano told his YouTube channel: “The player was offered to Chelsea, was not discussed by Chelsea, so Chelsea were not interested in signing Marcel Sabitzer in the final hours of the market. “Man Utd were really interested because Chelsea were busy with Enzo Fernandez. “Man Utd wanted Marcel Sabitzer as a priority target, but also the player was really keen on Man Utd. The player was not considering other options. “We also had some rumours on Newcastle because they were looking for that kind of player and they considered that kind of opportunity. “But they decided also not to proceed because Sabitzer was super keen on joining Manchester United, in love with Erik ten Hag’s ideas of football, and so this is why for Sabitzer, the hijack was refused. Nothing was in danger. “Man Utd was [the] only way to go for Sabitzer as [the] perfect midfielder after the injury of Christian Eriksen.” United beat Leeds 5-1 in the same fixture last season, with Bruno Fernandes bagging a hat-trick.