WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us season 1 Episode six of The Last of Us is titled Kin and will see Ellie Williams (played by Bella Ramsey) and Joel Miller (Pedro Pascal) continuing on their journey after making it through Kansas City. The duo were left heartbroken following the deaths of brothers Henry (Lamar Johnson) and Sam Burrell (Keivonn Woodard). A trailer for the upcoming episode teases more danger for the pair. They are chased by the infected and later circled by a group as they’re sized up. Also, they finally find Joel’s brother Tommy Miller (Gabriel Luna) after searching for so long with the hopes of becoming stronger together, In a preview for Kin, Joel tells Tommy: “Some of those things you judge me for, I did those things to keep us alive.” But Tommy isn’t having it and responds: “We did those things. And they weren’t ‘things’. We murdered people.” READ MORE: BBC defends 'lynch mob' Question Time backlash Ellie is warned by a new character, most likely alluding to Joel: “Be careful who you put your faith in.” She adds: “The only ones who can betray us are the ones we trust.” In the trailer, Ellie also tells Joel how she tried to “save” Sam with the smuggler telling her: “Well, I think it’s a lot more complicated than that.” Here’s a look at when the Kin will be released across the world which will vary depending on your geographical location. In the UK The Last of Us episode six will be airing on Sky Atlantic and streaming on NOW on Monday, February 20 at 2am as part of the global simulcast. You can either watch the show via a livestream when it airs or on catch up once the simulcast has finished. Kin will then be repeated at 9pm on Sky Atlantic and NOW on the same day, so you don’t have to stay up to watch the episode. The previous episodes of The Last of Us are available to watch on NOW and Sky Atlantic as well. To watch The Last of Us, you can subscribe to streaming platform NOW and purchase an entertainment pass for £9.99 per month. There is a seven-day free trial for new subscribers after which you have the flat fee you pay each month and you can cancel your contract at any time without an additional charge. In the US HBO and HBO Max will be airing The Last of Us episode six on Sunday, February 19 at 9pm Eastern Standard Time as part of its global simulcast. You can subscribe to HBO Max for just $15.99 per month, giving you access to hundreds of films and TV shows as well as exclusive originals. DON'T MISS...Better viewers 'switch off' minutes into thriller after feeling 'lost' [VIEWER REACTION]Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB [VIDEO]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [INSIGHT] In other places If you are in Canada, you can watch The Last of Us episode six on streaming platform Crave on Sunday, February 19 at 9pm. The same is true for those in Latin America with fans in the region able to watch on HBO Max. In Portugal, Kin is available on Monday, February 20 at 2am on HBO Max - the same as in the UK. Meanwhile, fans in Spain, Finland, Sweden, Norway, or Denmark can watch the episode on Monday, February 20 at 3am on HBO Max. Sky Italia will be airing the episode on Monday, February 20 at 4am, while in Israel it will be airing on Cellcom at the same time. Australian audiences can watch it on Monday, February 20 at 11am on Foxtel or the streaming platform BINGE. The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max in America on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK on Mondays at 2am and 9pm