Xi Jinping's propaganda machine has launched a mocking campaign to undermine President Joe Biden's response to China's surveillance efforts. The US and Canada have so far shot down three unauthorised aircraft entering North American space this month, including a suspected Chinese spy balloon. But Beijing has maintained China is not involved with either the balloon or the unidentified aircraft, slamming Biden's actions as "laughably juvenile." An op-ed in China Daily accused the US military of displaying a level of immaturity with its response to what they continue to claim was a civilian balloon. They said: "The Joe Biden administration's handling of the Chinese balloon case last week was meant to showcase the United States' strategic strength amid fierce attacks by Republicans and the low approval ratings of the US official. "But instead it has shown to the world how immature and irresponsible — indeed hysterical — the US has been in dealing with the case." The piece, which also featured in the People's Daily, accused the US President of "overreacting" in a bid to clamp down on dwindling support from voters as well as growing pressure from the Republicans. READ MORE: Teenager found alive and pregnant in wardrobe a year and half after disappearing from home It continued: "The US should have dealt with the balloon case in a calm and responsible way without letting it be hijacked by the bitter domestic partisan politics because a conflict between the two countries would spell disaster for the entire world." Another state-owned outlet, Global Times, went as far as accusing Biden of staging the incident with a second unidentified aircraft in a desperate attempt to appear tough on China. However, Canada's Justin Trudeau on Saturday confirmed he too had authorised the shooting down of a so-far unidentified flying object over Yukon after it entered Canadian airspace. But the op-ed was undeterred and mocked Biden for being concerned about a "harmless" civilian balloon. The author of the article added: "Less than a week after a U.S. fighter jet fired a missile and brought down a Chinese balloon, an utterly harmless civilian airship designed for meteorological use, the US shot down an unidentified object around Alaska on Friday at the order of President Joe Biden. "Stuck in typical partisanship and ‘political correctness,’ orders from the White House are getting laughably juvenile. "The US did make a strong case that the F-22 is invincible when its enemy are balloons. Unfortunately, this is the way the US propagandizes – bragging about shooting down balloons." "Is the US strong or weak? It looks pretty damn tough in the face of balloons, civilian airships, and other innocuous objects. But in the face of real battlefield, the US' choice is to exhaust others." DON'T MISS:Driver sobs as she's jailed for killing biker days before his wedding [REPORT]US shoots down 'high-altitude object' spotted flying over Alaska [REVEALED]Palace aides have 'firmed up' their views about Meghan bullying claims [LATEST] Canadian Defense Minister Anita Anand told a news conference in Ottawa that the object, flying at around 40,000 feet, had been shot down at 3:41 p.m. EST, approximately 100 miles from the Canada-US border in the central Yukon. A recovery operation was underway involving the Canadian Armed Forces and the RCMP. The US Federal Aviation Administration later said it had closed some airspace in Montana to support Defense Department activities. NORAD added that the closure, which lasted a little more than an hour, came after it had detected “a radar anomaly” and sent fighter aircraft to investigate. The aircraft did not identify any object to correlate to the radar hits, NORAD said. White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby on Friday said an object roughly the size of a small car was shot out of the skies above remote Alaska. Officials could not say if it contained any surveillance equipment, where it came from or what purpose it had. Kirby said it was shot down because it was flying at about 40,000 feet (13,000 meters) and posed a “reasonable threat” to the safety of civilian flights, not because of any knowledge that it was engaged in surveillance.