Check your letter box! Invitations to the Coronation are due to be dispatched. And with it resolution to the cliff-hanger debate over whether Harry and Meghan will make the guest list. Though according to well-placed sources, the Duke and Duchess of Netflix are a shoo-in for making the cut. Of course the very idea of their presence is likely to terrify those who find themselves within chatting distance of the couple. Since, as we know, no incident or conversation is so private that it won't, potentially, mutate into cannon fodder for their next interview. or content for a book deal (Spare us!). Little wonder, according to one insider, the only subject most members of the Royal family will be willing to discuss should Harry and Meghan show up at Westminster Abbey is... the weather. (Though given that wound-licking is often their default position, there's no guarantee the ex-royals won't take a great British downpour as a personal affront.) It would be far better, as I suggested in a previous column, for the Sussexes to be asked to sign a non-disclosure agreement as a condition of attendance. But since that`s unlikely, it naturally follows that if they do attend the Coronation, the family will remain button-lipped. Or even stand-offish in their company. Yet it would be a mistake for William, Kate and of course Charles to display even the slightest hint of froideur when the Montecito circus comes to town. For as my late mother used to say, you win more wars with honey. So even though the Prince and Princess of Wales and, of course, the King have every justification in giving Harry and Meghan an Arctic reception they should resist the temptation to do so. And instead they should foot fault the couple with faces wreathed with smiles and - given that the Duchess of Sussex is "a hugger" - a few affectionate embraces and shoulder slaps too.Sure it won't be easy given how Harry has persistently trashed, traumatised and embarrassed the family. He and his wife have, after all, deployed the tyranny of one-sided salvos - knowing the Royals never complain or explain when faced with hurtful allegations. And that the worst they'll do is field an autofill response along the lines of varying recollections. As the late Queen demonstrated when dealing with accusations of racism. So, granted, it is a lot to ask of the injured parties to go on a chum offensive with the Sussexes. Yet if resolve wavers, they should remember that Harry has consistently demonstrated an inability to be trusted. Years of hurt, denial and resentment are always close to the surface.  All the more reason for the Wales' and the King to plaster on a smile when in Harry and Meghan`s company. To beam with shared delight. To sparkle at the joy of all being together. To avoid any sideways glances that could betray inner fury – especially since they can be so easily misinterpreted when re-badged as snapshots for social media. In other words, play the game.The Sussexes may still find plenty to complain about. Not least the fact that, as has been suggested, Harry and Meghan will not have an official role at the ceremony. If they wish to weaponise protocol and take it personally that is up to them.But in terms of the tormented dynamic between the House of Windsor and the House of Montecito, everything must be arced by Palace damage limitation strategies. Which means throwing open the doors to give the couple the warmest of welcomes.As the old adage goes, keep your friends close and your secret-spilling, embittered brother/son closer.And who knows? Perhaps the painted smiles and staged embraces may stir something deep inside the troubled heart of Prince Harry. A realisation of how much he once loved his royal family. How much he misses his brother and father. And how much he needs to find a way back.It's a long shot of course. But stranger things have happened. If not, well, there's always the weather. Just hope it turns out nice again. For all of them.