Graeme Souness has admitted it isn’t impossible that Manchester United can win the Premier League title. However, the Sky Sports pundit also believes it’s unlikely they’ll catch Arsenal and Manchester City. The Red Devils go up against Leicester today looking to close the gap on their rivals. Manchester United go up against Leicester looking to continue their impressive form as they target a first league crown since 2013, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. The Red Devils have lost just two domestic matches since November, with both losses away from home at Aston Villa and Arsenal respectively. United go into the game on the back of an impressive display in their 2-2 Europa League clash with Barcelona on Thursday night. And many are speculating over what exactly they can achieve this season. But Souness thinks it is unlikely United will claim the crown, despite their impressive form. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “No it’s not impossible,” he said when quizzed on the prospect by Sky Sports. “I very much doubt it, several things would have to happen. “Both City and Arsenal would have to have an incredible collapse - enough to fall off the cliff - I don’t think that will happen. “From United’s point of view, for them to continue to win games they’ll have to keep the main man fit - Marcus Rashford. “22 goals already this year, five goals last year, and he ain’t finished. Keep him fit and they have a chance, but I have to say both Arsenal and Manchester City, they won’t collapse, not in that manner.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Robbie Keane also spoke out. And the former Tottenham and Liverpool star agreed with Souness’ assessment, admitting he feels United are too far behind to close the gap. “I think so, they’re quietly going about their business and when you’ve got someone like Marcus Rahsford, the form that he’s in, 22 goals, 8 assists, for me he’s probably the most in form striker in world football at the moment, the way he’s playing,” he said. “The confidence that he’s showing, if they keep him fit they’ve got every chance. “But I agree with Graeme, Man City and Arsenal, the way they’re playing, I think it’s probably a little bit of a push but in all competitions, flying at the moment, big game for them today against Leicester who are in really good form.” Ten Hag himself, meanwhile, also spoke to Sky. And, when quizzed on whether his side could benefit after City dropped points, he said: “We don’t look at Manchester City, let’s talk about us. “It’s about our performances. Every time you have to perform, so we have to be ready for the next game. “If we do that then we will see where we will finish, but it’s first about being better than the previous game.” And the Dutchman explained the absence of Harry Maguire, while praising the impact Wout Weghorst has made since his arrival last month. “Harry [Maguire] is injured,” the 53-year-old said when asked about his skipper. “You have to keep everyone fresh, but also you look to the opponent, tactical-wise, what can you do? Where can you beat them? “So that approach you try to make every time the best selection.” On Weghorst, he added: “Of course we have so much opportunities [to rest him] but I think he brings a lot to the team. “From the moment he came the attacking line is more dynamic, and the attacking line is even better pressing, so I think we improved our own game from the moment he came in.”