A motorist got "revenge" on a neighbour by parking their car right behind theirs - blocking it in - and then getting drunk all weekend. The driver said the neighbour had first upset them earlier in the week by parking on their driveway without asking for permission. The homeowner described this behaviour as "entitled" in a rant on forum Reddit. They wrote: "Friday night I came home from work to find someone on our block was having a large party and someone decided they were entitled to park in my driveway. Keep in mind my driveway is a single-car width lined with a retaining wall on both sides and a garage at the end. "Essentially impossible for a tow truck to come pull them out without property damage. Seeing this and the lack of street parking I took this as a cue to park right behind them in my driveway. "Now a few hours go by and their entitled parker is now knocking at my door demanding I move my car so she can leave. Seeing as they were demanding, I informed them that I had been drinking and would not move my car. "The entitled parker then decides to call the police to get them to force me to move. When the police knocked on my door, I was sure to grab a beer from the fridge before I answered to talk to the officer. "I had informed him that after I got home I was unwinding and had been drinking and was in no shape to drive. At this point their hands were tied because they couldn’t tow her car out, I’m in no shape to drive, and I’m legally parked in my driveway. "I ended up telling the entitled parker that since it is a long weekend I would be on a weekend-long bender and they could come move their car after I go to work on Tuesday." Many people praised the homeowner for how they decided to handle the situation, Coventry Live says. One fellow Redditor replied: "Bravo! The absolute f****** entitled audacity to park in someone else's driveway without permission. I would have taken Uber to work on Tuesday just as an extra f*** you." Another added: "It'd be hilarious if OP (opening poster) works from home, then the entitled parker would still be waiting." A third joked: "I’d keep drinking." Another quipped: "Ah petty revenge - best served with beer breath..." It is unclear where in this country - or indeed abroad - this incident happened. But one user slated the "entitled parker", regardless of their location, admitting: "I would literally never invite someone over ever again if they thought it was okay to park in a stranger's driveway. That's not the kind of person I want in my life." Another Reddit user wrote: "What a f****** legend." One woman stated: "What is it with people parking someone’s driveway? I feel bad if I park in front of someone’s house; I would never presume to just pull on in. People suck." 