Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho has shown off his bleach blonde hair ahead of this evening’s Europa League clash with Barcelona. The Argentina international will be hoping to start the contest at Old Trafford. However, with Jadon Sancho and Antony also in the squad, being named in the starting XI is far from guaranteed. Manchester United players have been arriving ahead of their game with Barcelona, with the Red Devils looking to keep their hopes of a quadruple alive. And Garnacho has showed up to the game with a new haircut. The 18-year-old, who is reportedly set to sign a new contract with the club in the coming weeks, usually sports a brown crop of hair. But the teenager has decided to change things up and has now bleached it blonde. Garnacho, as a result, certainly stood out from the crowd as he made his way into the ground ahead of kick off. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Yet whether he’s unleashed from the start remains to be seen. United have received a boost ahead of kick off with Antony arriving for the game, having missed recent matches. The Brazil international, who is no stranger to bleaching his hair himself, has been out of action ever since the 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace earlier in the month. But Antony gives United an option up top on the right wing, with Bruno Fernandes playing there in recent matches. Sancho, too, is another player who may prevent Garnacho from being named in the starting XI. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The England international only returned to the fold earlier in the month, having previously been out of action since October. Yet Sancho has impressed since his return and, on Sunday, scored United’s third goal in their 3-0 win over Leicester. The former Borussia Dortmund star also started the contest against Barcelona last week. And, given his experience, he may have earned Ten Hag’s trust for the second leg showdown. The tie with Barcelona is currently in the balance after a 2-2 draw at the Nou Camp last week, with that match one of the standout games of the season so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Marcos Alonso put Barcelona ahead of that night, with the former Chelsea star heading home the opener in the 50th minute. However, United turned the game around with Marcus Rashford on target and Jules Kounde scoring an own goal. However, Barcelona managed to earn a draw through Raphinha - with his curling effort sailing beyond the reach of David De Gea. Speaking ahead of the game, meanwhile, Ten Hag has called on United fans to play their part as they look to make the round of 16. "You can hear it in the stands,” said the Dutchman. "That the fans feel a connection with this team and the feeling is mutual. "We are all on a journey together, moving forward game-by-game and, tonight, we need the fans, as well as the players, to be at the top of their game, if we are to create a memorable night at Old Trafford." And he added: "I think we have to make a bond together, the fans and the players. "We have to keep the process going. It’s great at Old Trafford, and at away games, and you feel it, the vibe between the fans and players. “We have to keep working on it. "We know Barcelona is a big team, it’s a big club, but we are really excited to face them. We really want to go for this chance. That is what counts."