Jill Biden, the First Lady, greeted Doug Emhoff, the First Gentleman, last night at the State of the Union address in the US Capitol in Washing DC. Joe Biden's wife and Kamala Harris's husband supported their spouses from the stands. At the event, President Biden spoke out amid renewed tensions with China and the federal debt ceiling. But while the event was all politics, many commented on the friendly greeting between Mrs. Biden and Mr. Emhoff. The pair met one another at the event with a friendly kiss on the cheek. But some were convinced the duo had kissed one another on the lips in their greeting. Podcast host Benny Johnson tweeted: "Did Jill Biden just kiss Kamala's husband on the LIPS?!" Arthur Schwartz asked: "Why did Jill Biden kiss Doug Emhoff on the mouth?" "I did not have Jill Biden KISSING Kamala Harris's husband on the mouth tonight with her eyes closed on my BINGO CARDS," another said. READ MORE: 'Stunning' Jill Biden wears a custom $16k dress for Grammys - 'beautiful and gracious' Jill, 71, has been married to President Biden since 1977. The pair met in March 1975 when they were set up by Joe's brother. Doug Emhoff and Kamala Harris, on the other hand, have been married since 2014. The lawyer is the first-ever husband of a vice president. Jill took the opportunity to vocalise her support for her husband on Twitter after the event. She tweeted: "Joe is right — because of the Soul of this nation, the State of our Union is strong." Joe Biden's speech urged Democrats and Republicans to work together. The president said: "We're often told that Democrats and Republicans can't work together," he said. "But over these past two years, we proved the cynics and the naysayers wrong." Many fans expressed positive support. One Sherilee wrote: "You looked lovely tonight Dr. Jill and Joe hit it out of the park. Kamala was looking gorgeous as well. Thank them for us please." DON'T MISSRepublican snubs Joe Biden's State of Union address [SHOCK] What is the State of the Union? [EXPLAINED] Biden jabs joke at GOP as POTUS congratulates rival [POLITICS] Cheryl Carbone wrote: "God Bless you and your wonderful husband.  Such an honor to call him my President!!!" Sherrie Good wrote: "A brilliant speech. Loved how he corralled the republicans into having to say they wouldn’t cut Social Security or Medicare. And you looked fabulous as usual."  Earlier this week the First Lady made a dazzling appearance at the Grammys. The First Lady for an Oscar de la Renta gown to present a new award. The sparkling dress was crafted from golden sparkling leaves and featured long sleeves. Biden is wearing a custom version of a sequin embellished tulle gown, sold by Net-a-Porter for $16K. However, custom dresses usually cost much more.