The oven is a hardworking appliance that most homeowners use every day or every other day. The average oven has a lifespan of around 16 years if you use it regularly. The inside of an oven should be cleaned every three months or when there's burned-on food inside the oven. Signs your oven needs a good clean include if there are pools of oil at the bottom of the oven, or a rogue frozen chip at the back of the oven that has turned into carbon. A film of grease over the glass preventing you from looking into the oven is also a sign it likely needs a good clean. With this in mind, the UK’s number one best-selling large home appliance brand, Beko, has shared how to deep clean your oven. Shalika Hooda, suggests deeply cleaning your oven "every few months to keep your oven clean, hygienic and ready for use". READ MORE: Bed expert shares how often to wash sheets after Kerry Katona debate Before you begin cleaning your oven, it's best to disconnect it from your mains. If you’ve recently used your oven, make sure you allow enough time for it to cool down before you start cleaning it. If your oven comes with catalytic liners, you won’t need to clean them as they are cleaned automatically once your oven reaches 200°C. After each use, it is good practice to thoroughly clean your oven with warm water, washing up liquid, and a soft cloth or sponge. To clean your oven, you will need washing up liquid, warm water, a soft cloth or sponge and rubber gloves. DON'T MISSFive ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove ‘mould and dust spores’ [INSIGHT]‘Right height’ to cut lawns to avoid ‘severe stress’ on grass [UPDATE]Clean toasters 'once a week' to avoid 'smoking or burning' [ANALYSIS] For hard-to-clean spots, a variety of oven-cleaning products can be used, but before using oven-cleaning products, make sure to check they are suitable for your oven’s interior. Clean your oven using warm water, washing up liquid, and a soft cloth or sponge. The experts added: "For hard-to-clean areas, make a paste with baking soda and water. Place this over problem areas and leave it to sit overnight. "In the morning, wipe off the cleaning paste and spray the oven’s interior with vinegar." Baking soda can be bought from Savers for £1.29, 59p from Tesco and £1.59 from Morrisons. The vinegar will help to loosen any of the paste residue left in the oven. Next, clean the oven's interior thoroughly with water to remove any excess product. READ MORE: 3 'effective' methods for removing pancake grease stains from walls Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Using warm water and washing up liquid gently clean the exterior oven door with a soft cloth or sponge. For tougher stains, use a suitable glass cleaner and a soft cloth. White vinegar is a great alternative that helps to remove streaks. Once cleaned, wipe over the glass with a dry cloth to reveal the "sparkling results". Clean your control panels and buttons using a damp cloth then wipe them dry with a clean and dry cloth. Some ovens have a self-cleaning function which is a great way to clean an oven without needing to scrub the inside with harsh chemicals. Before using a self-cleaning function, ensure you remove all the accessories from the oven.