So-called experts – woke-ist idiots more like - are saying that telling kids they’re overweight causes them anxiety and could result in eating disorders. I’m sorry but experts who claim that warning kids about the health dangers of obesity is “fat shaming” aren’t just irresponsible, they’re downright dangerous as well. How the hell will obese and severely overweight kids ever lose weight if they think their weight is “normal” because no one’s ever told them it isn’t? This is precisely why so many kids are overweight today because obesity is being normalised by too many parents and a medical profession that is terrified to utter the word - even though obesity and conditions caused by it are the single biggest cost to the NHS. We’ve now wrapped kids up in cotton wool to the extent that their anxiety at being told they need to lose weight matters more than the actual physical dangers caused by it. And those dangers are very real - heart problems, Type 2 diabetes, breathing problems, fatty liver disease, thyroid problems. Would we really rather our kids suffer from those conditions than be a bit embarrassed at being told they need to lose weight? And if we’re talking anxiety – what about the anxiety of children being bullied because they’re obese? Because make no mistake – they will be. Do these so-called experts really believe that being told they have to lose a few pounds is worse than being taunted because of their weight? I was a bit overweight at school and yes, it singled me out for comments that upset me.  I realised pretty quickly I could either just take it - or put a stop to it. And putting a stop to it meant I had to literally fight my corner with the bullies, which was totally alien to my nature. That made me way more anxious than being overweight. Slating what this National Child Measurement Programme is doing as “ fat shaming” is preposterous and shows that the experts criticising it don’t give an actual toss about children’s health or don’t understand that obesity is likely to kill them, which it eventually will if it isn’t dealt with. We need the all-important data provided by the NCMP to flag up potential health issues. I used it for some of the information in this article. We also need it to chart the ever-increasing immensity of the child obesity problem which with every passing year gets worse. And the truly terrifying thing is that obese children will invariably turn into obese adults and the health problems listed above will suddenly get a whole lot more serious – cancers (obesity is linked to a higher risk of getting 13 different types of cancer) heart disease, lung problems, diabetes. Childhood obesity is now a global epidemic but no one’s taking the necessary steps to cure it. So bad is the problem that, for the first time ever, it’s expected this year that overweight children in the world will outweigh the number of underweight ones.  The number of obese children and adolescents (aged five to 19 years) worldwide has risen tenfold in the past four decades. If that doesn’t shock parents to their core I don’t know what will. Some parents who are critical of the NCMP have said they feel the potential for mental health disorders and eating disorders was far more dangerous than the weight itself. Which shows how little they know. And while experts and parents who don’t want to tackle the problem keep banging on about mental anxiety and regulating the food industry, the simple answer to all this is to teach children how to eat sensibly, properly and healthily. Parents have to stop feeding their children junk because that’s how they get fat – that and too little exercise. They need to take responsibility for what goes into their children’s mouths because no child will ever learn how to eat properly if their parents don’t show them. Yes, children might initially feel embarrassed at being told they are obese. But better to be embarrassed for a while than to end up in hospital with a heart attack, breathing problems or a thyroid disorder that could plague them for the rest of their lives. 