Florence Cassell (played by Josephine Jobert) left the Saint Marie police force after she carried out a dangerous undercover operation which ended in a gun-point situation. The Death in Paradise sergeant decided she needed to move away for a fresh start, despite it being her second comeback on the BBC series. Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) was left devastated by Florence's decision, especially after he realised how he felt about her. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actor who plays Marlon Pryce has hinted that "the door is always open" for Florence. The actor went on to speak about whether Tobi Bakare, who played JP Hooper and Danny John-Jules, who played Dwayne Myers could also come back. Recalling the moment he saw Tobi for the first time since his exit, Tahj said: "I asked him if he wanted to come back, and he said he was 'open to anything'. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "I was like, 'Ok cool, let me do some talking' because I really wanted him to come back, I have always said that. "He also said in my podcast that he would have done one more season because of my character. "And if he was to change his mind it would have been because of Marlon. "I have always said our story was well served but wasn't finished." Discussing Florence's potential return, the Marlon Pryce star said: "Of course, Florence, I love Josephine Jobert. "She is amazing. I would love for her to come back. "There are so many characters...even Sara Martins in series 10 as Camille was a lot of fun. "There is a lot of space for any of them to return, the door is always open." DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' Rhino's true identity  [THEORY]BBC backlash as fans blast Michael McIntyre over 'fake' surprise [VIDEO] Both JP and Camille left Saint Marie after getting promotions with the police, while Dwayne left to spend more time with his dad Nelson. As of yet, no other regular cast members have been killed off other than Richard Poole (Ben Miller), however, when asked whether it could be a possibility for Marlon, Tahj didn't rule it out. "If it makes sense," Tahj said. "I am happy with whatever makes sense for the show. "At the end of the day, the show is the most important thing.  "Obviously as actors, we are selfish about our characters, and we want our characters to have the best storylines. "But if my storyline doesn't work for the show and it doesn't fit in with the show's bigger picture then I wouldn't want that to happen. "Whatever happens with my character I want it to work for the entire show. "So if it makes sense for the show [for Marlon to be killed off] and for my character then that is what it is." "It would be a bit of a shame as that kind of closes my door," he added. "You never know, as Ben Miller did come back as a ghost." Death in Paradise airs on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.