Prince Harry won't have liked Defence Secretary Ben Wallace's comments about him "boasting" of Taliban kills, a royal correspondent has claimed. The Defence Secretary described the Duke of Sussex of "boasting" about how many Taliban fighters he killed while serving in Afghanistan, adding he had "let down" his former Army colleagues with the revelation. Speaking on the latest Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer said: "Really, we open this whole controversy over the references to Afghanistan that Harry made in his memoir, Spare. "Where the [Ben Wallace] again used the word 'boasting' which, you know, Harry doesn't like." Mr Palmer told host Pandora Forsyth: "[He said] boasting about his kill number of Taliban and said that he had let down his comrades, his former comrades in the army. "So that won't have gone down too well in Montecito." READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'upset' as Palace is 'only fighting for Harry' to attend King's Coronation Speaking on Thursday morning to LBC'S Nick Ferrari, Ben Wallace said: "I frankly think boasting about tallies... Distorts the fact that the army is a team game. It's a team enterprise. It's not about who can shoot the most. "If you start talking about who did what [you're] letting down all those other people, because you're not a better person because you did and they didn't'." The 38-year-old also compared those he had killed to "chess pieces" in Spare, which was released last month. Around its release worldwide on January 10, Harry spoke about his memoir in various TV interviews. READ MORE: Kate's words to William before tapping his bottom in rare PDA at BAFTAs revealed In one interview after the book release, Harry stated he had included these details to help reduce suicides amongst Army veterans. Despite stating his words were "not dangerous" in the interview with Stephen Colbert, his words caused consternation amongst many British troops suffering with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and their families, with some coming forward to speak out. DON'T MISS Kate proving 'she can take on whatever challenges' role throws at her [LATEST]Fergie under fire for 'money grabbing' book tour interview questions [SPOTLIGHT]Couple 'gobsmacked' after finding King's letter to his 'ill granny' [REVEAL] Prince Harry's memoir, which contained various bombshell reveals and potshots at the Royal Family, was released last month. Harry began the book by sharing his memories from losing his late mother in 1997 to documenting more recent events, such as becoming a husband and doting father-of-two.