John Torode, 57, first met Lisa Faulkner, 50, in 2010 when she appeared on, and won, Celebrity MasterChef 2010, with the pair forming a relationship years later. The BBC star admitted to Express.co.uk that he actually enjoys it when the couple land projects together due to struggling to spend time together, while also admitting that "she's quite attractive" as a colleague. John and Lisa are not shy of working together, having secured many joint cooking shows in recent years, including ITV's John and Lisa's Weekend Kitchen. Express.co.uk asked John if he finds the need to maintain a balance between his work life and marriage life. John replied: "You know when it actually comes to working together, it's actually really nice. "Oh, yeah, it helps because we like each other which is good, and she's quite attractive, you know?" READ MORE: Bond Girl Gemma Arterton admits she welcomed first child in December John also shared how the couple struggles to spend time together a lot of the time due to their busy work schedules. He added: "So we do very different things at different times, so we are not always together and we’re not always home. "I’ve even been away a few days this week and I only got back yesterday. "So, you know, I’m in the house for a couple of hours and then I disappear and when she has stuff on, we probably won’t see each other all weekend." John also shared an insight into their blissful marriage and how Lisa helps him in the world of cooking with her "simple" techniques. The MasterChef host continued: "We bounce off each other really nicely. I'm the chef and trained as a chef, she's a cook who observes her trade at home. "After being on MasterChef and going into professional kitchens, she's really good at taking the confusion and making it accessible and just making it all a little bit easier. "If she’s taught me anything, it’s that you can take something and be able to get rid of all the myths and make it that little bit easier so everybody can do it." DON'T MISS... Britney Spears 'mortified' by mishap as she poses in see-through dress [INSTAGRAM] Harrison Ford addresses 'grumpy' interviews and 'disorder' claims [COMMENT] Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured flame deletes Instagram after his denial [HOLLYWOOD]  The pair married in 2019, following their engagement at the end of 2018, and their relationship appears to be going from strength to strength. Lisa has also spoken out about the couple's blended families - and how taking the time to eat at the dinner table was often the best way to get some "proper conversation" with their teenage children. Lisa is mother to 16-year-old adopted daughter Billie, while John has Casper and Marselle from his first marriage, and teenagers Jonah, 17, and Lulu, 15, from another relationship. John has been working with Ninja Kitchen for the last year, with the chef ecstatic about the partnership. He said: "You may just think it’s just a saucepan or pan, or whatever it may be. But I have to tell you, it’s been gifted to everybody in my family since I started working with them. "You know as somebody who has been cooking for years and years when you find something great, you just hold on to it. It sits in the kitchen and becomes part of the furniture. "I don’t work with people unless I think they’re really cool. They are great, so versatile and you don’t need to have that many pieces." For more information please visit Ninja Kitchen (ninjakitchen.co.uk).