In the UK, it is against the royal protocol that two heirs to the throne travel together, and this is a rule that all royal households across Europe also follow to preserve the survival of the monarchy. However, some British royals have been spotted breaking this rule in the past. The monarch and the first in line, or two heirs to the throne, should never be travelling together. Therefore, they must never be on the same plane or car to avoid putting their lives at risk at the same time, in case of an accident. This rule was introduced years ago when travel wasn’t as safe but members of the Royal Family are still encouraged to follow it. Prince William, however, broke the rule a few years ago. Prince William and his eldest son Prince George have been seen disembarking the same plane on many occasions, meaning they were travelling together. READ MORE: Meghan's gesture showed how she 'really felt' about wedding - claims  Prince William broke the protocol for the first time when he took his son on the same flight to Australia during a royal tour when Prince George was just nine months old. There is an exception to this rule, however, and that is if the Queen grants permission. The late Queen Elizabeth presumably allowed Prince William and Prince George to travel by plane together on that occasion. However, once Prince George turns 12, the monarch can no longer override protocol, meaning that he and Prince William won't be allowed to travel together, and King Charles won't be able to make an exception.  A royal spokesperson said back then that "while there is no official rule on this, and royal heirs have travelled together in the past, it is something that the Queen has the final say on," the BBC reported. The same rule prevented Prince William from travelling with his brother Prince Harry. Similarly, King Charles and Prince William must never travel together. Air travel used to be more dangerous than it is now. In fact, the Duke of Edinburgh lost part of his family in a plane crash. In 1937, the Duke of Edinburgh's sister Cecilie, Cecilie's husband Georg Donatus, their two sons Ludwig and Alexander, their newborn infant and her mother-in-law, Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich, died in an air crash. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Philip, who was 16 years old, attended the funeral in Darmstadt, Germany. Royal households across Europe also follow this same rule in order to preserve the monarchy's survival. In Spain, King Felipe and his eldest daughter Princess Leonor are not allowed to travel together for safety reasons. However, the pair have been seen in the same car on many occasions. The royal protocol also dictates that members of the Royal Family can not be touched, except when shaking hands. However, the Spanish royals have a more relaxed approach and kiss one another on both cheeks when they meet. Another royal rule dictates that the heir to the throne has to always stand by the monarch during official engagements. King Felipe and Queen Letizia have been spotted many times asking their daughters to move around so Princess Leonor stands by the King and her sister Sofia stays close to Letizia. Although it is clear that the royals want to stick to this rule, the Spanish Princesses often forget to follow it.