Nice have filed a furious report to local police after it emerged a pornographic video was recorded at the Allianz Stadium during their Ligue 1 clash with Lille on January 29. The closely-contested battle saw the hosts pick up all three points after striker Gaetan Laborde struck the winner in the 34th minute. But it appears the triumph could now be remembered for all the wrong reasons from a Nice perspective as the club threatened to open legal proceedings following a bizarre development. According to local news outlet BFM Nice Côte d'Azur, Nice have lodged a formal complaint after it emerged a pornographic film was recorded inside the stadium. The video was allegedly shot in the toilets during the clash, prompting the club to investigate the footage that has since surfaced online. Nice discovered the video on Monday and began the formal process of complaint on Tuesday morning. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call It's understood the porn actress involved took up a challenge to shoot a scene inside the Allianz Riviera. In addition to the club, the Nice Eco Stadium, who operate the ground, are also reportedly filing a complaint for association of the stadium with pornographic activity. On the pitch, Nice are flying having won five of their last six matches in Ligue 1 - drawing the other. Les Aiglons have won their last three matches since the incident and that run included a statement 3-1 triumph on the road at Marseille. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehab Nice are owned by British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe, who is also interested in acquiring Manchester United from the Glazers. One of his statement signings was to land Aaron Ramsey on a free transfer following his release from Juventus last summer. The ex-Arsenal midfielder spoke to Express Sport in October to discuss his new venture in the French Riviera and the Welshman cited Ratcliffe as a key factor behind his decision to try a new experience in France. "I have spoken to Jim and I have been very impressed with his ambition for this club," Ramsey said. "It is going to be a collective effort from everyone. We are all very happy to be here, representing Ineos and Nice and hopefully we can take this club on a journey. "It's very exciting for us to have Jim and INEOS as our owners with their vision, and what they want to achieve here is to take this club right to the top. We're very excited to be a part of that." Nice are currently seventh in Ligue 1 after overcoming a difficult start to the season in which they found themselves stuck in the bottom half of the table. Englishmen Ross Barkley and Joe Bryan are also part of Ratcliffe's revolution as they set their sights on European qualification.