A 17-year-old boy is in hospital after being stabbed on a bus. Police were called to Bethnal Green Road in east London just before 6pm to reports of a male who had been stabbed on a bus before getting off.  The Metropolitant Police said in a statement officers were called to Bethnal Green Road at about 5.50pm on Sunday "to reports of a male who had been stabbed on a bus before getting off at the location". Officers and paramedics from the London Ambulance Service attended and the male, who is believed to be aged 17, was taken to hospital for treatment. His condition is not life threatening, according to the force. There have been no arrests and enquiries continue. Anyone with information at this early stage is asked to call police on 101 or tweet @MetCC and quote CAD5337/19Feb. You can also provide information anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. The knife attack comes after a report by the Office for National Statistics (ONS), showed the number of people killed with a knife in England and Wales in 2021/22 was the highest on record for 76 years. The ONS said the recent increase was driven by an 18 percent rise in the number of male victims, from 184 to 218, in the 12 months to March 2022. The largest volume increase was for teenage boys aged 16 to 17, rising from 10 homicides to 24. A charity said the Covid pandemic had made teenagers "more vulnerable" and this led to a disproportionate increase in the killing of young people with knives. READ ABOUT A BODY BEING DISCOVERED IN THE RIVER WYRE  Patrick Green, Chief Executive of anti-knife crime charity the Ben Kinsella Trust, cited the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic as a reason for knife crime rising faster amongst teenagers than any other age group. The charity was set up in 2008 after the fatal stabbing of 16-year-old Ben Kinsella in north London. Mr Green said: "As we emerged from Covid restrictions and those restrictions were lifted, we were seeing more evidence of young people made more vulnerable by Covid. "Gangs are particularly good at picking up on vulnerabilities, are quick to pick them up and indeed lure young people and exploit them in criminal acts. "We think there could be a link there." DON'T MISS: Junior doctors set strike date in historic first [REVEALED] US warns of 'consequences' as China poised to send weapons to Putin [REPORT] Meghan and Harry to be 'strictly controlled' at King's Coronation [LATEST]  Mr Green highlighted data from the ONS report which shows knives or sharp objects were used in 75 percent of teenage murders compared with 40 percent in adults. Through education workshops in London and Nottingham, Mr Green said the trust has seen a "notable difference" in interactions with young people after the pandemic. He added: "Some feel less secure in their community spaces, more worried. We know fear is a factor...in terms of carrying a knife. It's one of the motivations. They feel safe carrying a knife and that alleviates the fear." Mr Green went on to say that solutions must tackle "a range of drivers for knife crime that reach deep into our society".  He said: "We've got to not only tackle drugs and gangs, we've also got to tackle school exclusions. We've also got to tackle mental health provisions for young people. "Ben was murdered 15 years ago. A generation of people have grown up in knife crime. We probably need to put in place the measures to eradicate knife crime for at least a generation. This isn't a sticking plaster, we need a cure." He added: "The pervasiveness of knife crime has been underestimated for too long. We need a more robust public health response to tackle this problem or else we will continue to lose precious young lives to this heinous crime." Bruce Houlder, founder of Fighting Knife Crime London, called the disproportionate increase in male teenage knife victims "highly disturbing".  He said the "reasons" for increased deaths among young people are "well documented". Mr Houlder added: "The long term failure of all governments in the last few decades to get to grips with social deprivation and the loss of hope among many young people needs to be heeded. As a nation we need to be ashamed that it has come to this." Meanwhile, a spokesperson for the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said knife crime has decreased in the capital. They said: "Homicides, knife and gun crime continue to fall in the capital - bucking the national trend. However, the mayor is clear one death is one too many and the level of violence in London remains too high. "That's why he continues to take action by investing in policing - expanding neighbourhood policing teams and investing record amounts in early prevention and support programmes for young Londoners through London's Violence Reduction Unit as we work to build a safer London for everyone."  