At the age of 15, Shamima Begum was one of three schoolgirls to join the Islamic State in Syria, resulting in her British citizenship being revoked. Currently stateless, after being denied Bangladeshi citizenship, the now 23-year-old is in a legal battle to be able to return back to the country as she fights for her citizenship to be restored.  Tuesday evening saw the BBC Two documentary with Shamima Begum giving her own account of what has happened in her life since leaving the UK. Speaking about the chain of events with investigative journalist Josh Baker, viewers saw the 23-year-old confess she knows the British public sees her as a potential risk to their safety. Following her British citizenship being removed in 2019 by former Home Secretary Sajid Javid, Shamima has since asked to return to the UK after claiming she was trafficked. Discussing the topic on Wednesday’s instalment of Loose Women, the panel were sharing their thoughts on whether or not she should be allowed to return to the UK following a decision she made at such a young age. READ MORE:Meet Happy Valley star Sarah Lancashire's twin and siblings  Giving her opinion, panellist Jane Moore said: “It’s very, very difficult but my personal view and it’s just a gut feeling, she’s now so high profile that she wouldn’t be a threat. “What I would do is, bring her back to Britain, she’s lost three babies she’s been through an awful lot. “So have the families of the victims of ISIS, I agree with that. “I would say, ‘right you can come back but you’re working for the government and you are going around schools where we have issues with what we think are young people being radicalised and you’re going to go into those schools and you’re going to tell them exactly how it is'.”      Although Jane’s comments earned a round of applause from the live audience, it seemed viewers at home did not share the same opinion. Taking to Twitter in outrage, user Richard26Todd66 slammed: “Shut the f**k up Jane, she’s reaped what she’s sown!” Rosepetal98_ added: “The fact that you’re giving #shamimabegum airtime on live television is disgusting. How dare you.” Mabel_Mouse_ commented: “You can’t possibly send someone like Shamima Begum around schools to educate kids. Jesus Christ. Whatever next?” DON'T MISS... Coronation Street’s Zeedan makes decision on his future on the cobbles [SOAP] ITV viewers blast GMB's 'ludicrous' gender-neutral God debate [REACTION] Doctor Who boss Russell T Davies hints at 'thrilling' scenes [VIDEO]     Hotsunnydaze1 sarcastically said: “Oh ok Jane let's sit and listen to ISIS.” Dc7073Bloss tweeted: “#LooseWomen If an eight-year-old knows it's not okay to go with a stranger, then a teenager knows that going to a terrorist organisation knows exactly what they're doing. Jane stop defending her.” Lalunatic asked: “Why is she even getting air time on TV?”    In a clip shown from the documentary, viewers were able to hear the 23-year-old, who is now living in a Syrian refugee camp, give her thoughts on what the public thinks of her. When asked if she understood why people have so much anger towards her, she commented: “Yes I do understand. “I don’t think it’s actually towards me, I think it’s towards ISIS, when they think of ISIS they think of me because I’ve been put on the media so much.” Loose Women continues weekdays on ITV from 12:30pm  