The stuttering rattle of gunfire had barely faded as I arrived – exactly 30 years ago tomorrow – to witness stunned federal agents scrambling for cover when the raid on the Branch Davidian cult in Waco, Texas, went disastrously wrong. Four federal agents were killed and 16 wounded in the three-hour gun battle that morning.  Five cult members also died, including British devotee Winston Blake, 28, from Nottingham, shot in the head when a bullet ripped through a wall as he ate breakfast in the compound’s kitchen. Fifty-one days later I watched helplessly as another 76 Branch Davidians died in a conflagration when the FBI assaulted the compound with armoured vehicles and tear gas. The victims included 24 more Britons, who had been lured to the cult by its charismatic leader David Koresh. In horror and sadness, I saw the compound engulfed in flames, black smoke billowing into the cold, windy sky. An FBI agent standing beside me in a bulletproof vest, looking very much like a young Elvis Presley, shook his head and said: “What an Almighty f***-up.” The two failed raids on the Branch Davidians’ 77-acre Mount Carmel complex near Waco changed the United States forever. It turned many Americans against their own government for overstepping its powers and radicalised home-grown terrorists such as Timothy McVeigh, who bombed the Oklahoma City Federal Building on the second anniversary of the Waco raid, killing 168 people. The world was also shocked to learn that so many of the cult members were from the UK.  A British investigation concluded that the FBI’s final assault had been badly planned and doomed to failure, though Koresh was invariably to blame for the slaughter. “Despite what went on outside, he could have saved them,” said Manchester Coroner Leonard Gorodkin. “It was as a result of his personality and his hold over those people that they died on that day.” Koresh had visited England to recruit followers years earlier, touring Christian colleges in Manchester, Nottingham and London. Tall, with dark curly hair, he was a skilled guitarist with rock-star good looks. He would hold Bible readings and quickly persuaded believers to give up their lives in Britain and move to the Davidian compound in Waco, where he made himself the focal point of his cult. Mount Carmel was a sprawling collection of unlovely wooden buildings set amid patchy farmland outside an economically depressed Waco, a one-horse town where the horse had died long ago. Ten of the British recruits came from Manchester, including Diana Henry, aged 28, who was studying for her masters degree when she met Koresh. “She was hooked like a fish,” recalled her father, Sam Henry. “She dropped her studies and would have followed this wicked man anywhere.”  Sam flew to Waco to persuade his daughter to leave, but instead, Koresh tried to recruit him to the cult. “I told my daughter that this guy was a fanatical infidel,” said Sam, a builder. “I told her that we must leave, that this man was a wolf in sheep’s clothing. He began to curse me and threatened to whip me, but even then she wouldn’t listen.” Months later Sam’s wife Zilla, 56, and their children Stephen, 26, Pauline, 24, Philip, 22, and Vanessa, 19, followed Diana to join Koresh in Waco. All tragically perished in the inferno 30 years ago. Founded in 1955, the Branch Davidians were an apocalyptic spin-off of the Seventh Day Adventist church, settling in Waco. Koresh took control of the group in 1987 after a shootout with the cult founder’s son, George Roden. Koresh, born Vernon Howell, was a high school dropout and drifter before joining the Branch Davidians, preaching that he was a prophet who presaged the Second Coming of Christ.  The 33-year-old demanded celibacy from his male followers – even those who were married – yet took multiple wives, some as young as 12. Children were physically and sexually abused. Anticipating Armageddon, he stockpiled a vast arsenal of machine guns, assault rifles and grenades, exhorting followers to die as martyrs when the End of Days came. Hearing horror stories of abuse and a vast weapons cache, 76 agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) launched a dawn raid to serve a search warrant on February 28, 1993. Tipped off, Koresh and his followers were waiting with guns drawn. After the bloody gunfight, a staggering 899 FBI agents, US Marshals, Texas Rangers, state and local police – with 12 tanks and four combat vehicles – descended on Waco to join the ATF in laying armed siege to the cult compound. FBI negotiators secured the release of 14 adults and 21 children, but most Davidians remained to fight what proved to be the most powerful force ever arrayed against American civilians. Fearing a Jonestown-like mass suicide, President Clinton approved an assault to end the siege 51 days after its beginning.  On April 19, 1993, the FBI stormed the compound with armoured vehicles, pumping tear gas into buildings. Fire erupted and soon engulfed the complex. Authorities claimed the blaze was started by cult members, but survivors blamed the FBI. The dead included 20 children. British brothers Philip and Stephen Henry, alive when the fires began, were both found dead with gunshot wounds. “Only nine escaped with their lives,” says Jeff Guinn, author of the new book, Waco. “Everyone else died in a flaming hell.” The slaughter shocked America and devastated victims’ families in Britain. Calls for new anti-cult laws were proposed but shot down by Prime Minister John Major. Several of the surviving cult members were charged with manslaughter, including British social worker Livingstone Fagan, from Nottingham, who was jailed for 14 years before being deported to England.  His wife Evette and mother Doris died in the assault, yet Fagan remained loyal to the Davidians, insisting: “We were not brainwashed. We were not about killing people. We were about a message.” An inquiry later revealed that Koresh had offered to surrender if allowed a few days to write a religious manifesto, but the FBI was under pressure to end the siege. When the final assault began, the FBI cut the telephone line to negotiators, though Koresh pleaded to reopen talks. For many Americans, the failed raids symbolise government overreach. Extremist groups cite the assaults as justification for anti-government conspiracy theories. Many view Waco as the US government systematically murdering or repressing law-abiding gun owners. “Waco became ground zero for future militancy,” says Guinn. “And Waco would become, to the conspiracy-minded, a great symbol of the evil of the American government.”  The Feds also learned a lesson: not to be pressured into ending sieges, but to wait them out, using boredom, not guns, as their most effective weapon. As appalling and dangerous as Koresh was, many believe the tragedy could have been averted if not for his desire to bring about the End of Days. “ATF and FBI officials made terrible mistakes that led to loss of life, and that is horrible,” says Guinn. “But that was not the original intention. Only the Branch Davidian agenda required people to die.” Victims’ families sued US agencies for wrongful death, but after a seven-year legal battle, the court ruled that the FBI and ATF had acted properly. And the spirit of Koresh lives on. Several cult survivors remained to build a new Davidian compound amid the ruins. They believe that, on Judgment Day, their loved ones and Koresh will be resurrected to establish God’s Kingdom on Earth. Heaven help us. 