Arsenal’s reported interest in Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic may just be to hurt Manchester United and Mikel Arteta should be wary of making any move. The Gunners look to be well stocked in the No 9 position with Eddie Nketiah an excellent deputy for Gabriel Jesus while the club will further strengthen when Folarin Balogun returns from his successful loan spell with Reims. Vlahovic only joined Juventus last year but he already appears keen on a new challenge with the Old Lady struggling in Serie A. The club have struggled for form on the pitch and have also been blighted by on-field issues recently receiving a 15-point deduction after an investigation into their financial processes. Rudy Galetti reports that both Arsenal and United are interested in his services with Juventus looking to receive around £71 million to allow him to leave. This is where Arteta must be wary and be prepared to step in should Edu and the Arsenal board decide to pursue the Serbian’s signature. The Gunners are well stocked up front at the moment and it is a position that the club will only strengthen over the summer when Balogun returns from his loan spell in Ligue 1 full of confidence. That isn’t to downplay Vlahovic’s quality. The 23-year-old has been a shining light for Juventus this season netting seven goals in 16 appearances in all competitions this season after excelling for Fiorentina previously. However, Arsenal do not need him and bringing him to the Emirates would just smack of trying to get one over on United. The Red Devils are a more sensible destination for the 6’3ft striker with Erik ten Hag set to make bringing in a new No 9 central to his transfer plans in the summer. Wout Weghorst is unlikely to become the first choice in the long term and could leave when his loan expires while Anthony Martial is too injury prone to be relied upon. DON'T MISS...Chelsea may have their own Pogba with Fernandez amid 'scapegoat' fearChelsea's mad transfer turnaround from no money for team bus petrolLiverpool shown what their missing in damaging transfer blunder Harry Kane, Victor Osimhen and Benjamin Sesko are all said to be of interest but Vlahovic could be an excellent alternative. He could serve as the perfect vocal point, using his ability to hold up the ball to bring out the best in the likes of Antony, Marcus Rashford and Bruno Fernandes. It remains to be seen what Vlahovic’s next steps will be but it would be sensible for Arsenal and Arteta to stay clear for the time being with more important positions to strengthen first.