Blake Lively, 35, surprised fans with her post-baby body, as the Gossip Girl actress announced she has given birth to her fourth child with a sweet photo posted on Instagram yesterday. "Puppy Bowl Sunday 2023," she wrote, without displaying a visible baby bump, as she posed with her husband Ryan Reynolds, 46. "Been busy,” she added while looking incredible wearing a pair of skin-tight jeans to watch the Super Bowl at home. Her newborn joins sisters James, seven, Inez, six, and Betty, three. The couple has yet to share a name or photo of their baby. While they didn't reveal the sex ahead of time, Ryan previously joked that he was perfectly content with having another girl if it happened.  "I know girls," he said in an interview on the Today show. "So I'm kind of hoping for that." He explained that he's the youngest of four boys and is well aware of how chaotic that can be. "I come from all brothers, which is why I speak from experience," Ryan said "I love my well-being and I love my home. I was the youngest of four and we were just arsonists and firemen." Blake is one of five siblings in her family and shared she loves being a mum. "I just like to create," the Gossip Girl star previously joked at the Forbes Power Women's Summit. "Whether that's baking or storytelling or businesses or humans, I just really like creating." Calling her family "the most important thing to me," Blake recalled what lessons she learned from her own mother. DONT MISS:Rihanna sparks fan frenzy as singer ends hiatus at Super Bowl halftime (PHOTOS)Megan Fox gives brutal response to Machine Gun Kelly split rumours (NEWS)Jamie Lee Curtis' co-star told her she had ‘funny legs’ (LATEST) "I grew up watching a woman be everything: be a mom and also be the hardest working businesswoman I knew," she said. "So it's important for me for my kids to see that you don't have to choose one or the other. “I don't need them to choose to be a businesswoman or a mom. They can be both or neither. But just for them to see that anything is possible. So it's really important for me to do that," Blake added. Ryan also shared his excitement about being a dad to a large family. "There's nothing on earth more grounding than having a baby," Ryan told E! News. "It's the best thing that could ever happen to someone." And in the years since, he hasn't shied away from public praise of his wife and kids—along with some jabs. "Quite frankly, you're my heart, you're my hope, you're my happiness," Ryan said about Blake while accepting The People's Icon Award in December. "I joke that my family exhausts me but, in reality, you give me more strength than any man could possibly deserve."