Chelsea head coach Graham Potter has admitted there are 'awkward' conversations in store for three of his January signings. The Blues boss must exclude three new additions from his Champions League squad and has hinted he has an idea of who will miss out. Potter heavily recruited in January, splashing over £300million on eight new players. Enzo Fernandez, for a British record £107million, was the cherry on the cake of a hectic month, joining David Datro Fofana, Andrey Santos, Benoit Badiashile, Noni Madueke, Mykhaylo Mudryk, Joao Felix and Malo Gusto. But UEFA rules state that clubs are only allowed to register a maximum of three new players for the Champions League knockout stages. With Gusto back at Lyon on loan until the summer and Santos awaiting a work permit, Potter must snub three new signings when he selects his squad. And he has admitted there are some 'awkward' conversations ahead for a trio of Chelsea's new arrivals. JUST IN: Chelsea trio set for wage cut if Potter fails to make Champions League He told reporters: "We've got a bit of time to make the decision, but we're aware of who we need to speak to. "There will be a few awkward conversations because only eleven can play, and only a certain amount can be in squads. "You have to be as honest as you can and respect the fact players want to play and compete, but they have to be patient and help the team." Chelsea must inform UEFA of their desired squad changes by 11pm this evening, a deadline that can't be extended. Fernandez, Mudryk and Felix have already played in the Champions League this season, but UEFA rules state players can't be cup-tied for the knockout stages. DON'T MISS: Chelsea trio set for wage cut if Potter fails to make Champions League Despite European limitations, Potter will be able to register all of Chelsea's new signings for the Premier League, should he wish. The Premier League deadline is also on Thursday night, but there is a 25-player limit, so current squad members would have to make way for the club's new recruits. Chelsea return to action for the first time in 13 days against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday night before travelling to West Ham United for another London derby next week. On February 15, Chelsea journey to Borussia Dortmund for the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie. The second leg at Stamford Bridge takes place on March 7. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here