A forensic pioneer has said he will launch his own investigation into possible “deposition sites” for Nicola Bulley as the police continue with their theory she fell into a river. International search specialist Peter Faulding said he would conduct his own “low-key” search into Ms Bulley’s whereabouts after speaking to her family about deposition sites, a forensic phrase meaning a place where someone has been buried. No trace of the mother-of-two has been found since she disappeared after taking her dog Willow for a walk by the river in St Michael’s on Wyre, on January 27. The only clues left by the 45-year-old were her mobile phone found on a bench close to the River Wyre where her cocker spaniel Willow was also found.  Lancashire Police have been working on the theory Ms Bulley fell into the river and have carried out extensive searches of the waterway before moving down to the mouth of the river and the sea last week. Ms Bulley’s distraught family appealed to forensic dive expert Peter Faulding, from Specialist Group International (SGI), to assist the detectives with their investigation. Mr Faulding and his team used world-leading sonar to scour the river but have since called off their marine search, which they carried out for free, after finding no trace of Ms Bulley. He told Express.co.uk  he had now discussed possible “deposition sites” with Ms Bulley’s family and friends, and with her partner Paul Ansell and friend Heather. He said: “I’m talking to the family and obviously have vast experience finding buried bodies. We’ve got to consider all options here, there has been that report of suspicious people hanging around. “I was frank with Paul and Heather the other day because we need to consider possible deposition sites, we don’t know. I’m not saying the police aren’t doing that and what I don’t want to do is interfere with the police operation. Mine (investigation) will be low key, I will just be looking around for possible deposition sites.” Over the weekend it emerged a witness had reported seeing two men in “hoods or hats” acting suspiciously and “hiding their faces” on the day before Ms Bulley went missing. He said he saw one of the same men also on January 27. He told The Sun: “I saw two men wearing dark clothing and hoods or hats and ­carrying fishing rods. They could have been just two normal fishermen — and if I had seen their faces I probably wouldn’t have thought anything of it. “But I remembered that they seemed to want to hide their faces, which struck me as odd. It wasn’t particularly cold that day — it was quite mild, so their behaviour, to me, seemed strange.” The witness said it took police nine days to get back to him after he reported his sighting on Monday January 30. Mr Faulding said Ms Bulley was a “creature of habit” who did not usually go anywhere near the river on her walks with Willow, according to her Strava data. He said: “That’s the worrying thing, the family showed me the Strava data the day before and they said she never goes near the river on the Strava. She was an absolute creature of habit.” READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Russia scrambles to bolster defence as ‘breakthrough’ threatens Crimea And if Ms Bulley had fallen into the River Wyre on Friday January 27, Mr Faulding said at most the water would have come up to her waist. He said: “When you look at it, the river at the bottom of the bank, this is what shocked Paul, was a foot deep when I showed him, and I could see the rocks clearly underneath. “On the day (Ms Bulley went missing) it was a foot higher, so if she’d slipped down the bank, the level would be just up to the top of her legs. “If she was pushed hard from behind, and there have been cases of pushers as we all know, and we have to consider all options here. But again the police divers, who are highly competent, would have found her because the current was minimal, that’s the key, I’ve dealt with so many drownings and they don’t got far. “If you’re in flood water, yes, you can swept with the huge current, but on this one it’s very, very odd. We turn up at drownings and they’re within a few feet of where they went down. That’s what I can’t understand. “The family’s confirmed that day the river wasn’t moving, although the water was slightly higher, it wasn’t moving again. Even my team, who are all highly experienced divers, have all agreed with me, none of it stacks up.” Despite being tidal downstream, the area of the River Wyre where Ms Bulley went missing is not subject to tides. Mr Faulding said: “If that part of the river was tidal, absolutely any body would move backwards and forwards, it would go. “But I threw a stick in the other day and after 20 minutes it had not moved. I’m just trying to prove a point here that actually if she went down, she would still be in that water. It’s a really odd one." DON'T MISS: Furious Tory MPs accuse ministers of Brexit sellout after UK held secret EU summit Friends and family have shown missing mother-of-two Nicola Bulley has not been forgotten by leaving yellow ribbons with handwritten messages on a bridge close to where she disappeared. Ms Bulley vanished on January 27 while walking her springer spaniel Willow in St Michael's on Wyre in Lancashire, shortly after dropping her daughters, aged six and nine, at school. Ribbons with messages including "We need you home Nicola", "praying for your safe return" and "I love you" have been tied to a footbridge over the River Wyre. A large poster with a photograph of Ms Bulley has also been attached to the railings. It comes as the search for Ms Bulley, 45, a mortgage adviser from Inskip, has entered the 17th day. Lancashire Police are continuing to trawl the River Wyre towards the sea at Morecambe Bay, working on one hypothesis that Ms Bulley could have fallen in. The search has been aided by specialists and divers from HM Coastguard, mountain rescue and Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service, with sniffer dogs, drones and police helicopters. Ms Bulley's partner, Paul Ansell, said he wants to keep "all options open" about her disappearance, but his "gut instinct" tells him she is not in the river. He described Ms Bulley as "fun", "loving", "the most loyal friend you could ever have" and an "exceptional mum" who "absolutely adores our girls".