Sam Heughan and his Outlander co-star Caitriona Balfe may be returning to Starz in the next few months for the seventh season of the hit drama, but fans can catch Heughan plucking on heartstrings on the big screen before long as well. Before the duo reprise their roles as Jamie and Claire Fraser, Heughan will star in the romance blockbuster, Love Again. Alongside Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Heughan heads up the romantic tale of a young woman finding love again following the death of her fiancé. Chopra’s character forms an unlikely bond with a man who’s been reassigned her late fiancé’s phone number following his death. After trying to ease the grieving process by sending romantic texts to her fiancé’s number, the new man at the receiving end begins to forge an unlikely bond with her. The movie, which also features legendary singer Celine Dion and American Horror Story’s Russell Tovey, was promoted by Heughan on Monday and needless to say, it sparked widespread excitement. READ MORE: Outlander's Brianna star exposes 'exciting' new season 7 set feature “New Trailer out TOMORROW @loveagainmovie,” Heughan penned to his 3.9 million followers. Paying mention to his co-stars, he continued: “Featuring whew brilliant @priyankachopra and new music from the God of Valentines: @celinedion.” On Tuesday, Heughan shared the full-length teaser trailer, which, again, sparked mass excitement. One fan to share their excitement was @outlandishspanishclan who replied to Heughan’s tease: “I have fallen in love with the movie and I haven't seen it yet…” Elsewhere, @friedaschut7 replied: “Wonderful! Looking forward to the 12th May as it will be released.” This was echoed by @mariesoldelvoye who commented: “I was expecting it! So excited! Thank you Sam, Priyanka and Celine!” Meanwhile, @bettina_hesselund was another follower to praise the role: “So excited about this movie.” And @lauraann8687 concurred: “So looking forward to seeing the trailer and the movie. I love a good love story romance movie.” DON'T MISS:Outlander fans fume over ‘reckless’ Claire changeOutlander’s Brianna star ‘knocked wind’ out of Caitriona BalfeOutlander star weighs in on Lizzie and twins three-way romance However, @monikapalka1969 wasn’t too convinced: “Sorry but nothing, really NOTHING can top Outlander with you and Catriona!! Forgive me..” (Sic) While it may only be three months until Heughan’s romantic drama hits the big screen, fans are sadly still in the dark as to when exactly the seventh season of Outlander will kick off. Starz has confirmed the summer of 2023 as a window of release but stopped short of a precise date. While there’ll be plenty of drama facing Jamie and Claire, fans will undoubtedly be talking about the first few moments of the premiere thanks to an all-new title sequence. It was announced on February 14 that the new series of Outlander would feature a brand new title sequence featuring vocals from legendary singer, Sinead O’Connor. Matthew B Roberts, Outlander’s showrunner and executive producer said of the opening title revamp: "We are honoured to have Sinead O’Connor performing The Skye Boat Song. “Her rendition is, for me, a reminder of all that’s beautiful about Outlander. She is talented beyond measure. “Hers is a voice of the ages — one which pierces heart and soul — and embodies the spirit of the show.” Outlander season 7 premieres on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ in the UK in the summer of 2023.