A local whose daughter went to a nearby school to where four-year-old Alice Stones was mauled to death was left concerned over a dog that she feared would "hurt someone". She said she saw an "angry dog" the morning of the attack that killed the toddler at a house in Milton Keynes. The dog is said to have been stood outside the gates of a primary school close to where the attack took place at a home in Netherfield.  The woman, who was dropping her daughter off at school, said she saw a dog that was "growling at each person that approached him". She went on to claim that the animal was "showing teeth". "My thought was 'this dog will hurt someone with this kind of behaviour'," she continued. Just hours later, Alice Stones was mauled to death by the animal at the home on Broadlands. Police arrived at the scene shortly after 5pm after reports she was bitten in the back garden of the home.    Some residents were warned they may hear a gunshot as the animal was "shot twice" in the garden of the home. It is believed the dog was cornered by armed police and was gunned down. Thames Valley Police has said no arrests have been made as they investigate the attack. The local, who claimed to have spotted the dog on Tuesday morning during school drop-off, added: "It was the first time I had seen the dog and the owner. "It scared me because he growled at each person that walked past him." READ MORE: Armed police gun down killer dog after four-year-old mum's screams Locals left flowers outside the house this morning, while others described Alice's mother's "desperate screams" as her child was killed by the animal. "I heard 'She's dead! She's dead!' a neighbour claimed. 'They'll stay with me forever. It was a nightmare. I'm heartbroken. They will haunt me", reports MailOnline. Police say no one else was hurt and the girl's family is being supported by specially trained officers. Officers remain on scene today as their investigation into the incident continues. A neighbour whose children go to school with Alice told The Sun that residents were instructed by police to stay inside in case the dog were to escape. DON'T MISS:Brexit plans show 'PM does not care about union' as Sunak strikes deal [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew’s attempts to return to royal life are utterly doomed [COMMENT]Missing woman muted phone and turned off camera before she vanished [PICTURES]  Thames Valley Police Superintendent Matt Bullivant said last night: "This is an absolutely tragic incident in which we believe that a child has been killed after being attacked by a dog. Clearly we are in the very early stages of an investigation, and it would be wrong and unhelpful to speculate as to the exact circumstances of this incident at this point. "However, in order to ensure public safety, a decision was made earlier this evening to destroy the dog involved, and this has been done humanely. "I understand how much of an impact this will have on the community and on the wider public, and people can expect to see a large police presence in the area this evening and beyond while our investigation continues.  "I would like to reassure people that there is no reason to believe there is any danger to the wider public at this time. Anyone with concerns should feel free to approach our officers and ask questions, but I urge people not to speculate about the circumstances, especially on social media platforms. "I also understand that this case is likely to attract attention from the media. With this in mind I would like to ask that the privacy of the family involved is respected at this very difficult time. It is impossible to imagine what they must be going through at the moment." 