Flight attendant Demi, who works for Dutch airline KLM, shared her five "top hotel hacks from a flight attendant". Documenting her tips on a TikTok video, she explained that to stay safe in the hotel and make sure no one has been in your room while you weren't there, it is key to place the "Do Not Disturb" sign a certain way. She explained: "Put the Do Not Disturb card between the door so you can notice if someone has been in your room." The flight attendant shared the moment she came back to her room, presumably after having dinner, and proudly announced that her trick had worked: "One hour later... no one has been here!" Travellers took to social media to share their thoughts with many saying that although leaving the Do Not Disturb card stuck between the room door and the wall is a clever hack, "another person can also leave it exactly like you left it". Another TikToker commented that she uses a very similar trick at home: "My sister always steals my clothes so to know if she was in my room I usually let something as small as a paper point the door. If it isn't there..." READ MORE: Cheapest city in the US for British expats to live in is 'charming'  TikTok user @Phaquetue commented: "I’ve seen that door card trick, I usually pull it out just to freak the person out coming back." Many people who work in hotel housekeeping revealed that they sometimes remove the sign when it is left hanging that way. Khloe Caroline explained: "Oop, coming from a housekeeper in a hotel I remove the sign that’s stuck in the door and put it on properly but I don’t go in the room!" A traveller asked the flight attendant what she would do if she realised that someone had been in her room.  Flight attendant Demi replied: "It has never happened to me, but I think I would first go to the reception and tell the crew." Her second tip was to use any card to turn the electricity in the room on as "your hotel card is not the only card that works, you can use any other card". Another hotel worker, however, advised not to do that: "From a hospitality worker: do not put your credit card in there. You are very likely to forget it." The flight attendant's third hack was to use a hanger to keep the curtains closed at night. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' She said: "If you want your room completely dark in the morning, without the light coming through the curtains, use a clothing hanger." Traveller and hotel guest @philharris commented: "The hanger to keep the light out! Game changer. Will definitely be trying this." In terms of travel adaptors, she said: "Are you in the UK and you forgot your world charger and the Europe one doesn't fit? There is always one in the bathroom!" For those British travellers who are holidaying in Europe and forgot their travel adaptor, they can always ask at the reception, as most hotels will have a spare one. Finally, not many people use the laundry service in hotels as it tends to be very expensive. Instead, the flight attendant encouraged travellers to carry a refresher or dry washer to make the clothes smell good after the journey. "Dry wash your clothes to get them fresh!" she said and recommended the Robijn dry wash spray. Many other refreshers are available such as Febreze Fabric Spray, which can be found in most UK supermarkets, and some are also sold in travel size.