Ranvir Singh has been filling in for Lorraine Kelly as the Scottish broadcaster recovers from a nasty bug at home. The ITV presenter shared an update about Lorraine's health on Friday morning and confirmed when she will be back on screens.   On Friday's instalment of Good Morning Britain, hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard were discussing the difference between Scottish and English turnips. They suggested Glaswegian-born Lorraine would know the answer before Ranvir gave a health update on the star. Ranvir, who has been covering for Lorraine for the past few days, confirmed Lorraine would be returning to her show next week. "She is on the mend, by the way," Ranvir told ITV viewers. "She will be back in on Monday for those of you who are worried about her." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation Kate sympathetically replied: "Awh, well it's good to know that she is getting better. "It's been lovely to have you though, Ranvir." Lorraine was sent home ahead of Wednesday's show airing after falling ill with a "hideous bug". Ranvir has stepped in for Lorraine when the 63-year-old has been on annual leave in the past and was able to take the reins this week.  On Wednesday, Ranvir revealed: "I got a call from the editor at 7.18am and I was asleep, but I was on the train for 7.30am. "I am quite proud of myself this morning. Anyway, we want Lorraine to be well, don't we?" Lorraine confirmed she was under the weather to her thousands of Twitter followers on Wednesday. "When you have to be sent home from work early in the morning because you are suddenly attacked by a hideous bug and were looking forward to interviewing @adamlambert THAT!," Lorraine penned. DON'T MISS...Ranvir Singh scrambles to host Lorraine after she's sent home [LATEST]Lorraine Kelly is sent home minutes before going on air [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly reaches out to Dan Walker after being 'knocked out' [INSIGHT] "Beyond disappointed but imagine if I had infected him." It comes just weeks after the veteran broadcaster almost missed her show for the first time following an alarm clock blunder. After making it onto the show in time, she said: "I don't know what happened to me. I woke up at 2am but I thought I was late. "Maybe I need glasses. But I got up, got ready and wondered whilst all the clocks were at 2am.  "I thought something was wrong with the clocks. I must have just been in a really deep sleep and then started panicking." Lorraine has been hosting her ITV talk show since 2010 between 9am and 10am. Prior to having her own programme, she presented Good Morning Britain and GMTV. Lorraine airs on weekdays at 9am on ITV and ITVX. 