Boy George, 61, has spoken in a new interview about his Culture Club days, using Prince William and Harry's feud as an analogy. He shared how the royal brothers are an example of how things "can't work" without good communication, as the singer revealed an insight into how he spoke to his bandmates to ease confrontation. I'm A Celebrity 2022 star Boy George had his very candid conversation with Jackie Brambles on her Greatest Hits Radio. In the interview, Jackie asked George how Culture Club remained together when so many other bands over the years have split or changed. George used a royal analogy to explain his point, comparing the Princes William and Harry to Liam and Noel Gallagher. He said: "William and Harry are like the Oasis brothers – I don’t know which is which. I'll leave that one up to you! READ MORE: Chris Evans gives up 'very special' Jaguar previously owned by Queen "But that’s really what it is. Once you understand everyone’s their own person in the band and everyone’s got their own grudges and frustrations, it’s about learning to communicate. "You need everyone in the band to be into the idea or it can’t work. You’ve all got to be on the same page and you’ve all got to want to be there - that’s really important." The Oasis duo have reportedly been at loggerheads since their 1994 US tour, where tensions began to rise when Liam apparently changed the lyrics to their song, Live Forever. Likewise, reports of feuds in the royal family began in 2018, when, according to Kate Middleton's sources, Harry told Will he wasn't doing enough to include his new wife, Meghan Markle. Rumours of their damaged relationship have progressed since then, with William reportedly being "devastated" over the lost relationship. Despite this, they put on a united front as they viewed floral tributes together following their grandmother Queen Elizabeth II's death. Boy George has also weighed in on Meghan and Harry's Netflix documentary on Twitter in recent months, having been recently in the jungle with Mike Tindall on I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!. Back in 2010, the musician was asked by Absolute Radio's Geoff Lloyd if he had ever been approached for an OBE or a Knighthood. DON'T MISS... Helen Mirren finally explains skipping BAFTA Awards red carpet [COMMENT] Pink discusses 'weird run-in' with Jamiroquai as he 'flipped a table' [INSIGHT] Paris Hilton and husband unveil baby boy's unusual mythological name [HOLLYWOOD]  He replied: "I was asked a few years ago whether I would take one and I kind of said no, but I think if I was asked again, I would say yes now. "I was a bit belligerent at that point, and my mum was so upset." He said at the time he had never met the Queen, but he did have royal interactions with other members of the family. George recalled at the time: "I met Margaret when she was alive, and I met Diana a few times, who was adorable, very sweet, but never met the Queen. "I would love to meet the Queen. I'd take my mum to Buckingham Palace. "Now that I've grown up a bit my mom would love to go for the day, you know." George was featured in the BBC's The Queen: 70 Glorious Years, released prior to the late monarch's platinum jubilee. In the programme, he recalled how he ended up watching Prince William and Kate Middleton’s wedding in 2011, despite initially not being bothered by the event. The Culture Club singer told the show: "Oh, I watched the whole day – the whole day. "I wasn't going to watch. I wasn't interested, and then I was just like glued." Listen to Boy George chat to Jackie Brambles on Greatest Hits Radio at greatesthitsradio.co.uk