Vera fans have been desperate to see the return of DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) after a two-year wait. The ITV detective drama, based on author Ann Cleeves' award-winning novels, is now back with more head-scratching investigations for viewers to get their heads around. Unsurprisingly, when the cast and crew return to film in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Northumberland, there is plenty of interest from the locals. Filming for Vera season 12 took place in various locations around the North East in November and December 2022. Shooting remained for these last two episodes as well as the latest season last year. January then kicked off with the final two instalments from series 11 before season 12 started on Sunday, January 29. Actress Brenda Blethyn took to Twitter at the time to share the good news regarding production coming to a close, tweeting: “That’s a wrap on VERA 12. many thanks to the wonderful Vera team cast and crew. Feel emotional.” While the stars enjoyed getting back to filming, it did come with new challenges. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ Whenever they do go back to the area to start production, they usually attract large crowds who cannot wait to see their favourite detective back at work. When asked by ITV about fans gathering to watch though, Blethyn said: “It’s all changed since the pandemic because now you just have to be careful, sadly avoiding close contact with people who come along to watch filming. "You are constantly using sanitiser. So as not to jeopardise filming." Nevertheless, this hasn't stopped the obsession around Vera, as noted by Blethyn. She continued: “But it’s lovely to see them at things like the ‘Viva Vera’ event we had at the Whitley Bay Playhouse in September 2022 with Ann Cleeves and Jon Morrison (DC Kenny Lockhart) to mark the publication of The Rising Tide. "The enthusiasm of Vera fans is gorgeous. “When I walked on stage as Vera a few years back at one of the ‘Sunday For Sammy’ concerts in Newcastle, in aid of young performers and creatives in the North East, the stadium roof almost came off. "That’s the enthusiasm for the character. It was like scoring a goal at the World Cup." DON'T MISS...Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [REACTION]Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series  [FILMING]Meet Vera star Brenda Blethyn's eight siblings [CAST] The fourth and final episode of season six is going to mark a special occasion for the drama. The Darkest Evening, which is based on Cleeves' book of the same name, is going to come out next week, on Sunday, February 19, on ITV. This will be the 50th ever episode of Vera, with the cast now having filmed 51 in total. According to the 76-year-old, that won't be the end of this year's excitement either. It has been confirmed that there will be more to look forward to later on in 2023 as well. She explained there is going to be a seventh film entitled The Rising Tide, released which was shot just before Christmas. "That’s based on the latest Ann Cleeves’ Vera novel of the same name which was published in September.", Blethyn added. Vera continues every Sunday at 8pm on ITV.