A woman who has been embroiled in a decade-long parking dispute with a neighbour is at her "wit's end". She says her neighbour keeps putting traffic cones outside her home so residents cannot park there. The furious woman claims her neighbour deliberately blocks off a potential parking spot on the public road despite not using it—just so nobody parks in front of her house. She explained she took up the matter with the council and police and knows her neighbour's actions are not legal. Under the Highways Act 1980, it is an offence to obstruct a public highway without permission, reports Wales Online. On the "Am I being unreasonable" Mumsnet thread the woman asked how she could end the decade-long dispute. She wrote: "See the thing is, we live in a cul-de-sac. "Every house has an allocated parking spot and we have several visitor spots (families with multiple cars use these visitor spots as permanent parking spots and it doesn't appear to be an issue with anyone including me). "My neighbour has an allocated parking spot at the back of her house but due to her mobility issues she parks in front of her house on a public highway – again, no issues with this.  "There is still space for another vehicle to be able to park directly parallel to her with no issues of blocking her car or her house. "Yet she has proceeded to block off this empty potential parking space because she doesn't want anyone 'parking in front of her house' – bear in mind, this is a public highway. No one can reserve rights to a public highway." She added: "Living in a cul-de-sac, naturally parking is tight despite the allocated spots we have. "Households do sometimes have more than one vehicle and everyone else on the street is incredibly understanding. "However this woman has proceeded to put CONES in an empty slot on the public highway, not reserving it for any reason as she has one car. "No daily visitors – her sole reason is: 'I don't want anyone parking in front of my house'. IT'S A PUBLIC HIGHWAY". The woman claims she's at her "wits' end" and claims the neighbour continues to harass her family, construction workers, and delivery drivers who parked in the spot. She added that the situation has begun to "irritate" her as she's adding another vehicle to their household. The post continued: "The straw that broke the camel's back was this week when we had a lovely gentleman come out...to do measurements for my blinds. "She left a note on his car and yelled at him when he left my property. "I've spoken to the local council and they have confirmed that no-one can reserve rights to a public highway. I've spoken to the police and they have confirmed that this is illegal. I've sought legal advice, which again confirmed my perspective. "What on earth do I do with these cones? We work seven days a week in my household and coming home after a long shift and moving cones to park my car is proving tiresome! It's not even the inconvenience, it's the AUDACITY! "Am I being unreasonable? What would you suggest? What would you do with these cones? I want to put them in my boot and dump them 500 miles from my house. Any advice on this issue would be helpful." The majority of Mumsnet users agreed with the woman that the neighbour was being unreasonable. One woman said: "Just take them away. Every single time. Then sell your giant cone mountain to the council." Another suggested: "Throw the cones in her garden every time. Do not enable her behaviour." Another added: "I’d take a cone away each evening until there’s none left!" Under section 137 of the Highways Act 1980, it is an offence to obstruct the highway without permission from the local highway authority. It states: "If a person, without lawful authority or excuse, in any way wilfully obstructs the free passage along a highway he is guilty of an offence and liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks or a fine or both." Wheelie bins and traffic cones are often seen outside homes across the country, and while the practice is unlikely to incur a fine, councils say it is "not permitted" and officials will simply remove them if necessary. Reserved parking spaces can be installed for blue-badge holders under certain circumstances, and drivers should contact their local council to discuss this. But, unless governed by residents' parking permits, members of the public can park on a street so long as they abide by the rules and do not create obstructions. And as infuriating as it may be, if a car blocks your driveway, it is not illegal, and coning off the area is not the answer.