Jessica Pegula has opened up on her family's emotional last few months following her mother's sudden cardiac arrest. The world No 4 admitted that she thought she may have to quit tennis at the age of 28 amid her mum's subsequent recovery journey. The tennis player's mother is Buffalo Bills and Buffalo Sabres president and owner Kim Pegula. Pegula has penned a heartfelt essay for The Players' Tribune detailing what she called the story of her mother, her family and the past year. The two-time title winner revealed that - between the French Open and Wimbledon last year - her mum went into cardiac arrest in the middle of the night and was taken to hospital, where medics eventually figured out what was wrong and "fixed it". The 28-year-old described how her sister "saved her mum's life" by performing CPR before things then turned to her mum's subsequent recovery, writing: "Our concern had now moved from the cardiac arrest to a brain injury. Not to mention all the other issues that come with both of those events." Pegula and her family - including her billionare businessman dad Terry Pegula - then spent the next two weeks virtually "living in that hospital" to be by Kim's side before the world No 4 made the decision to fly to Wimbledon and compete once her mum made some "small improvements". Pegula's mum is also president and owner of both the Buffalo Sabres and Buffalo Bills, and the tennis star explained how much she "loved to work" and was "the woman behind [her] dad’s success" before the family realised that "all of that is most likely gone. That she won't be able to be that person anymore." It let to the world No 4 questioning whether she would have to give up tennis and help out with her family's businesses despite Kim's wishes that she finish her playing career before getting more involved. JUST IN: Djokovic's latest conqueror disappointed to miss out on grudge match  "My mom always wanted me to be involved, she wanted me to learn and eventually do what she was doing. She always told me to wait until after tennis was done. I would always press her to give me more responsibility, to let me be more involved, because I wanted to help. So now here I am, with my family, trapped in discussions about her care, caretakers, doctors, therapy and that which seemed like the least important, my tennis career," Pegula continued. "All of a sudden, your world gets flipped upside down and you have no idea what the f*** is going on. Our family is involved in a lot — the sports teams, businesses, investments, and my mom liked to be very hands on with it all. Of course, what came first was that it was a family tragedy. Now add on top of that all her responsibilities and it became extremely overwhelming for everyone involved." Kim's cardiac arrest came after one of Pegula's career-best tournaments at that point, where she reached the French Open singles quarter-final and doubles final, breaking into the top 1- as a result. But the 28-year-old said: "Suddenly, I went from 'Let’s celebrate top 10 in the world' to 'Do I need to start thinking about my career after tennis a lot sooner than I thought?' 'Does my dad and family need help?' 'Maybe I should just go back to school and work for the family.' I am 28 and I take pride in being able to handle every situation thrown at me, but this was A LOT." DON'T MISSDjokovic told how many Slams he will retire on as advantage explainedTennis star describes horror of Turkey earthquake as players strandedEmma Raducanu told how to be 'force to be reckoned with' and win Slams  Pegula then went on to win the biggest title of her career at the Guadalajara WTA 1000 at the end of the year and revealed that she was in tears ahead of the match as she knew she wanted to win and dedicate it to her mum. "Before the finals, I was uncontrollably crying in the locker room. I am not a big crier, but I cried," she revealed. "It wasn’t even sad tears, it was almost happy, because I just had this feeling I was going to win. In my acceptance speech I dedicated it to my mom. I wanted her to know that even after a terrible six months, I still fought every day because of her. If she could fight through what she was going through, I could too. She cried during my speech and trophy ceremony." Pegula was then thrown last month when Buffalo Bills safety Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest during a Monday night game against the Cincinnati Bengals, as she heard the news while sitting on the USA's team bench at the United Cup tournament in Sydney, minutes before playing a mixed doubles match. "My stomach sunk because it felt like the exact same thing all over again," the 28-year-old explained, calling it "some bizarre, messed-up, full circle moment." "I remember telling one of my teammates, 'I am a little freaked out right now, this is too close to home, and I feel like I am going to have a panic attack.' Pegula continued, before revealing that she chose to play and ended up winning. The third seed at the Australian Open then wore a number three during the tournament in honour of Hamlin, but said it was also a tribute to her mum. She wrote: "Ironically, yes, I was ranked No. 3 in the world. However, it didn’t feel like it was just for him, it felt like it was for my mom as well. To see the attention it garnered in Australia, across the world, in a different country, just reminded me why I love sports and the beauty of coming together." Pegula also said that her mum was "working hard in her recovery, she is improving, but where she ends up is still unknown" before sharing her gratitude to have her mum home and recovering after a distressing period. "I am thankful she is still with us when other families may not have been so lucky. That she even had a chance at recovery when the first week in the hospital seemed so dim. Thankful for the doctors that aided in her recovery. Thankful that she is now home, that she gets to watch the Bills, Sabres, and my tennis matches. She never watched my matches before, because she got too nervous. Now she watches all of them," she concluded, also thanking the Buffalo community.