Painting a ceiling can be a source of anxiety for many people and so it is often handed over to the experts. However, a fresh coat of paint on the ceiling can truly transform the way a room looks and feels; fresh, light colours instantly make the room appear brighter and larger whereas dark, warm tones on the ceiling create a more intimate, cosier feel. When it comes to tackling the ever-daunting task of the ceiling, painting pros at Harris Brushes have shared their tips for painting a ceiling to make the task easier. The experts claimed that when painting a room, it’s important to start with the ceiling. They said: “One of our most valuable tips for painting a ceiling is to work on the ceiling before painting the rest of the room; this way, accidental drips or imperfections will be covered when you paint the walls and trim.” When painting a ceiling, you naturally need to protect the whole room from any paint which could potentially drip down. Households should begin by moving all furniture out of the room and use a good dust sheet to cover the floor. The experts recommend taping this down to avoid slips using some thick, masking tape. They said: “Apply the masking tape to cover any details on the ceiling such as light fixtures and tape off areas of the wall ready for cutting in.” READ MORE: Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ With the room ready you also need to protect yourself from dust and potential dripping. To do this the pros recommended wearing old clothes or a protective suit, a hat or cap and some safety glasses to complete the job as safely and efficiently as possible and avoid permanently staining your clothes. The next step is all about repairing any issues on the wall. The painting experts said: “To ensure a smooth, flawless finish, any holes or cracks on your ceiling must be repaired. “Although ceilings do not attract as much damage as other areas of the home, you may still find some small cracks, particularly near architraves.” DON'T MISS5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [EXPERT]‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving [TIPS]Monty Don shares three plants that ‘should’ be pruned in now [INSIGHT] They suggested using a caulking gun to fill in small holes. Once your surface is fully prepared, your painting transformation can commence. Firstly, mask off any areas you don’t want to paint with some masking tape. Next, shake the paint tin vigorously, open and stir if necessary to ensure a “smooth consistency” ahead of application. Use a small brush to begin cutting in around the door casing and light fixtures. You will need to use a ladder to get to those hard-to-reach areas safely. Exercise caution while using the ladder and follow the manufacturer’s guidelines for use, which might mean you need to move the dust sheet out of the way when using the ladder. READ MORE: ‘Simple steps’ to re-grout your tiles for a ‘professional finish’ The pros advised: “Work in one metre segments as you cut in with the brush to achieve high accuracy. Then switch to a roller to begin to cover the larger surface area. “Once the edges and detailed areas have been painted, it’s time to move onto rolling the whole ceiling.” Coming down from the ladder and moving it away from your workstation, quickly rinse out the brush and roller to avoid time-consuming cleaning later. If you had to move the dust sheet while using the ladder, place it back over the areas you wish to protect from spillages. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea When painting the ceiling, the pros advised: “Be sure to work widthways with the first coat, then lengthways with the second coat and apply the paint in a slight W motion using a wet edge technique to achieve a professional finish. “The well-known industry term of the wet edge technique involves loading your roller up, beginning 30-40cm away from a painted edge and rolling towards the edge in a slight ‘W’ motion. “For larger areas, you’ll need to repeat this process working in one meter segments for the best results. This is the best expert technique for delivering a beautifully smooth finish.” One of the less glamorous yet equally important parts of painting a ceiling is of course cleaning your brushes. Use warm water and a bit of mild dish soap to clean the paint from your brushes, gently working the soap through the bristles until the water runs clear. Grab a paint brush scraper to help remove all of the paint more quickly, including dislodging any dried paint bits near the ferrule.