Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho was spotted mocking Barcelona after his side's 2-1 Europa League win on Thursday night. The 18-year-old copied Pedri's famous celebration, with the Spain international missing the match through injury. And the Red Devils remain on course for a historic quadruple after yet another big evening at Old Trafford. Manchester United produced a rousing comeback to put Barcelona to the sword on Thursday night. Robert Lewandowski put the Catalan giants ahead from the penalty spot, with David De Gea unable to keep the striker’s effort out. But goals from Fred and Antony turned the tide and gave United a famous win, boosting their hopes of a quadruple in the process. After the game, Garnacho joined in the celebrations with his team-mates having been introduced in the second half. And the United youngster appeared to mock Pedri, who missed the game, by mimicking the Spain international’s famous celebration. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Garnacho posed as though he was holding a pair of binoculars, something Pedri usually does when he scores for the club. He then took to social media sharing the image and, rubbing more salt into the La Liga giants' wounds, said: “The big team passes the round” And, now, the teenager will be focused on Newcastle on Sunday. United have warmed up for that Carabao Cup final showdown in the best way possible, with their victory over Barcelona set to further boost morale at Old Trafford. The Red Devils remain the only team in European football capable of winning all four trophies they’re competing in. And victory at Wembley would only serve to back up those who believe that, after a decade of mediocrity, the club are finally ready to compete for the biggest trophies again. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Meanwhile, Garnacho was among the players praised by Ten Hag after Barcelona were knocked out of the Europa League. "Yes, we've had some good wins, Liverpool and Arsenal but I think this over two legs - Barcelona are La Liga leaders - to beat them it's a big win,” he said when asked if this was his biggest victory at United yet. "For a European Cup second leg I think it was flat on both sides, no chances. One team has to go in the lead, we had big chances with Bruno [Fernandes] at the start of the game. "One part of our game plan is that we can bring Antony and [Alejandro] Garnacho and open the wide areas you can get speed and running in behind and dribbles. “They are both so brave, they don't fear anyone, they just take players on and I think that gives a boost to the whole team." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he also hailed Fred, saying: "What he does really well is make the runs behind in the right moment, he has good timing. “He was really effective to make the runs tonight. "I think we have some great personalities in the team like Rafa [Varane] and [Lisandro] Martinez, they don't fear anyone. “We have some players here with great personalities and if and when you get set-backs they move on. “They carry on, they are resilient, they want to get a result. “If you believe in that even after you've conceded a cheap penalty, you carry on. “When you win a big game like this after being 1-0 down this is a good indication of the season." On the next round and potential opponents, he continued: "Doesn't matter for me, I'm focussed on Newcastle now. “Doesn't matter who will come, we have to beat them all we know that. “We'll respect every opponent but if we are well prepared and have strong belief we can do it."