While you may pride yourself on the interior decor of your kitchen, living room or bedroom, oftentimes smaller spaces can fall by the wayside. The staircase, though a high-traffic area of the home, is one example of this. Interior stylist Gemma Gear has shared an "inexpensive" way to inject some "fun" into the space. Gemma, who runs the award-winning blog That's So Gemma, thought up the idea while renovating her first home. She purchased the Victorian property with her partner in 2019, and the duo embarked on a DIY mission to breathe "life" back into the house. The staircase became a huge hit on her Instagram page @thatssogemma, with fans describing the design as "fabulous", "amazing" and "so cool". In a bid to help others inject a pop of colour into their home, Gemma spoke about the transformation with Express.co.uk. "Our staircase was very narrow and situated in the middle of the house so there wasn’t any natural light which made it feel very dark and enclosed," she explained. "I wanted to add a pop of colour to help lift the space and brighten it up, so I decided to paint the risers of the steps to elevate it all." READ MORE: Eliminate ‘caked-on’ brown stains from oven door glass ‘in 2 minutes’ However, instead of sticking with one traditional colour, Gemma decided to get creative and add some personality to the small space. The interior stylist chose five colours to create a striped pattern on each of the risers. She began by marking out different-sized stripes on the wooden risers with masking tape, before painting each individual section a different colour. This can be done to match the colour palette of your home, which in Gemma's case meant an explosion of ice cream colours - mint green, peach, white, taupe and yellow. "It was one of those DIYs where you could instantly see the space transform," she said. DON'T MISS5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [COMMENT]‘Inexpensive’ tip to kill ‘unsightly’ mould when painting a wall [EXPLAINER]Remove ‘yellow’ pillow stains using three kitchen ingredients [INSIGHT] And the best bit was, the makeover didn't end up costing her any extra money. "It was inexpensive to do as I used a variety of different tester pots which I had left over from different projects," she explained. "I chose to do vertical stripes running up the staircase, but there are so many other designs that you can creatively think up. It’s a fun DIY and a little out of the ordinary so have fun with it and play around with different ideas." If you are hoping to replicate the rainbow design in your own home, Gemma offered some key advice. "If anyone is considering doing something similar then ensure you seal it with a varnish as it’s a high-traffic area," she explained. "The varnish will stop it from marking or scuffing." While bold colours may seem daunting for those trying to move away from an all-neutral home interior palette, including a small pop of colour such as on the stair risers, can be a good way of easing it into your space. "I often have people reaching out to me, asking how to be more ‘colour confident’ in the home and my advice is to always start small with décor accessories and soft furnishings like cushions and throws," Gemma advised. "Find a collection that you like that suit your personal taste and experiment with different colour combinations until you find a scheme that you like." Look for colour combinations which go together, or complement the existing space around them. Gemma added: "If you’re keen to incorporate some clashing colours, then there’s a tip to finding out which contrasting colours complement one another. "Researching the colour wheel will give you a great indication of what opposite colours pair well together, like blue and orange, purple and yellow."