The UK is filled with cultural hotspots but when it comes to food, there are a few destinations that aren't to be missed. If you're a food-lover on the hunt for your next staycation, these are the cities you should have on your radar. Recipe box connoisseurs at The Cookaway have shared "the best" UK cities for a "foodie staycation". They said: "Before you start setting your sights on far-flung destinations abroad, make sure you don’t neglect the array of amazing cultural hotspots we have right here on our doorstep. "Not only can staycations be more convenient and less expensive than trips abroad, but they’re also a great way to discover hidden gems you might never have heard of." Whether you like sit-down meals in Michelin-star restaurants or prefer to peruse the offerings of farmers' markets and local delicacies, there are 10 cities that come out on top. READ MORE: Taiwan will pay tourists to visit - full details DON'T MISS...Cruise guest warns passengers of ‘the worst’ type of cabin to book [REVEAL]‘Simply amazing’ destination in Greece named world’s best [INSIGHT]Travellers warned of 'terrible' smell in Venice as canals dry up [LATEST] London's population makes it by far the largest city in the UK with an estimated population of more than 9.4 million, so it's no surprise that it's great for food lovers. From the wonders of Chinatown to the Sevendials, Camden and Borough markets, there are plenty of famous places to visit for a taste of the city. If you're searching for street-food flavours, lesser-known spots include the Maltby Street Market in Bermondsey, Hackney Bridge and Peckham Levels. The British capital also boats 371 Michelin recognised restaurants, 27 food tours and 20 farmers' markets to enjoy during your stay. READ MORE: The late Queen avoided a new travel trend loved by Harry and Meghan Second on the list was Edinburgh. While the Scottish city is much smaller than London at a more manageable 259sq-km, the historic setting is packed with places to eat. According to research by experts at The Cook away, Scotland's capital is home to 27 Michelin recognised restaurants, seven food tours and six farmers' markets. Those looking for a more rural escape won't be disappointed by Bristol - ranked the third best city for food lovers in the UK. With 30 Michelin-star restaurants to explore and the coastal wonders of North Somerset nearby, the West-England spot is perfect for a spring or summer getaway. Manchester stole the fourth ranking in the top 10, with just as many food tours as Edinburgh, two more farmer's markets and 17 Michelin restaurants. If you're still unsure about where to go, 2019 Masterchef winner Irini Tzortzoglou recommended finding areas with "rich culinary traditions" and "amazing raw ingredients". The Cumbria-based chef said: "These places tend to attract the best chefs anyway, so I never go wrong in my choices. "I have a passion for seafood and love going to Scotland for that. And, not a very long drive from Cartmel, the Yorkshire seaside town of Whitby is where I run to when I’ve missed a good plate of fish and chips!"