Fans will be thrilled to learn Death in Paradise has been renewed for another two series, and will return to screens in 2024. Ralf Little is also expected to return to the BBC drama as Neville Parker, along with the Saint Marie police force. At the end of series 12, Neville had a conversation with the Commissioner (played by Don Warrington) and he appeared to confirm he would be staying on the island. The detective's beloved colleagues, Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson), Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles) and Darlene Curtis (Ginny Holder) were thrilled by Neville's decision to stay. While it is unclear how series 13 will play out, a fan favourite could soon be making his return to Saint Marie. Darlene has become an integral part of the Saint Marie police force after making the decision to train as a police officer. However, the beloved character was initially introduced as the love interest of police officer Dwayne Myers (Danny John-Jules). READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series She then took some time out of the series, before making a return as a murder suspect. Since her comeback, fans have shared their thoughts on whether Dwayne could come back to rekindle their romance. The police officer did feature in the Death in Paradise Christmas special but then left the island again to care for his sick father. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actor who plays Marlon Pryce teased Dwayne's return. Marlon and Dwayne initially clashed when they were forced to work together on a case. But then they quickly realised they were more similar than they thought. "I have been thinking of so many ways for Danny to come back because we had such a fun time working with him," Tahj began. "Not just like our characters on screen but just offset as well, me and him had so much fun together. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [SPOILERS]Dancing on Ice 'sexist' row erupts over Carley Stenson exit [REACTION]Endeavour's Fred Thursday to die as fans 'work out' exit [INSIGHT] "So yeah, that is one route where he could possibly potentially come back with Darlene kind of like an old flame re-sparks kind of thing. "There are many ways...in the Christmas episode, he just turned up for a holiday, so he does what he wants essentially. "There are so many routes where he could come back potentially. "But now we have Darlene, that is the main reason for him to come back."  Tahj also discussed the possible return of some of his former co-stars, including Camille Bordey (Sara Martins), JP Hooper (Tobi Bakare) and Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert). Recalling the moment he saw Tobi for the first time since his exit, Tahj said: "I asked him if he wanted to come back, and he said he was 'open to anything'. "I was like, 'Ok cool, let me do some talking' because I really wanted him to come back, I have always said that. "He also said in my podcast that he would have done one more season because of my character. "And if he was to change his mind it would have been because of Marlon. I have always said our story was well served but wasn't finished." Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer and BritBox.