Prince Andrew may follow in Prince Harry and Sarah Ferguson's footsteps and write his own memoir, it has been claimed. The Duke of York is reportedly considering overturning the settlement he reached out of court last year with his accuser Virginia Giuffre, in a bid to clear his name and rehabilitate his image. However, a source described as a "long-time friend" of the Queen's second son argued another way for Andrew to try to rehabilitate his image could be by putting pen to paper. While a memoir by Prince Andrew would not be welcomed by working members of the Firm, precedents suggest the Duke would not risk being thrown out of the family if he went down that path, the source said. They told the Daily Mail: "It is inconceivable that he has not thought of this. "Plenty in his circle think that’s just what he should do and Fergie, who has written her own memoir, My Story, has got all the contacts in publishing. "He would never have considered it while his mother was alive but it would be the perfect riposte now. "Of course, the royals wouldn’t like it, but Fergie did hers and wasn’t ostracised — and as for Harry, they are even now talking about family reconciliation." Indeed, a few members of the Royal Family have chosen over the years to tell their stories in autobiographies. His ex-wife Sarah, with whom Andrew has retained a good relationship over the years, wrote two autobiographies since the Yorks finalised their divorce in 1996. READ MORE: Prince Harry frustrated 'no apology to Meghan has been made' The first one, published the same year her split from Andrew was made official, was titled My Story, while the second was released in 2011 with the title Finding Sarah. While the Duchess of York reportedly had a difficult relationship with Prince Philip following the publication of her intimate pictures with John Bryan in 1992, Sarah was slowly readmitted over the years into the royal circle by Queen Elizabeth II. The late monarch was said to appreciate the Duchess' affection for Andrew and how good of a mother she had been to Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice. Other members of the Firm have recently released memoirs. Prince Harry hit the shelves on January 10 with his book filled with claims and revelations against the Royal Family. Among the most damaging allegations, the Duke claimed he was physically attacked by Prince William in early 2019, as a discussion focused on Meghan Markle escalated. Harry also claimed the office of his father King Charles and Queen Camilla briefed the press against him and Prince William to improve the image of the monarch and his wife. Elsewhere in his 416-page memoir, the Duke of Sussex also claimed the relationship between Meghan and the Princess of Wales always remained lukewarm at best, and recounted some of their clashes. While the Royal Family, and the Prince of Wales in particular, were reportedly saddened by the claims in the book, it has been widely reported King Charles still wants his US-based son and daughter-in-law to attend his Coronation. Other royals have written less controversial memoirs in the past, including the Queen's cousin Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, who released his life story last summer. Prince Andrew was accused of sexual assault by Virginia Giuffre in a civil lawsuit she launched in the summer of 2021. The Duke has repeatedly and vehemently denied any wrongdoing. In an interview with Newsnight in 2019 he said to have no recollection of ever meeting his accuser. Ms Giuffre, who says to have been one of the teenagers sex trafficked by Jeffrey Epstein, reached a settlement with Prince Andrew in February 2022 - which did not imply an admission of liability on Andrew's behalf.