Yet time passes. Camilla’s sterling service and staunch no-nonsense attitude have won the nation over. We see how happy she makes the King. We know she loathes the limelight but prizes duty over her personal preference. We appreciate the sincerity of her charitable patronages, her love of literature and her steadfastness. I’ve long admired her common sense. Knowing royal life would be unbearably stifling, she hung on to her own home in Wiltshire, Ray Mill House. I imagine that here, behind her own front door, she subsides into a dressing gown and comfy slippers, catches up on rubbish telly, makes herself a cuppa and, for a few precious hours, feels like herself. I never thought I’d write this, but I will be among the millions not just willing but honoured to call her “Queen Camilla”. We can’t be bothered with this “Consort” malarky. Her husband is The King. Any remaining squeamishness about Camilla’s former role as a royal mistress dissolved when she decided to involve her own biological grandchildren in the coronation. Instead of being encircled by stuffy duchesses, the Queen wants her son Tom’s daughter Lola, 15 and son Freddy, 13, as well as her daughter Laura’s children Eliza, 15 and twins Louis and Gus, 13 to hold the canopy under which she will be anointed.  Insiders say they are also scrabbling around for a special job for Prince George, 9. What a jolly idea! How delightful to see the country’s number one blended family united in solemnity on the big day. Every non-nuclear family in the land will thrill to the notion of involving flesh, blood, step- and half-siblings and assorted offspring all together at a deeply significant and historic occasion. Non-royal grandchildren will witness their beloved grandmother becoming Queen from a privileged position on the inside, as they rightly should. Grandmas everywhere know that nothing is worth doing when you’re not in cuddling distance of your grandchildren and that no ice cream is worth tasting if there isn’t a grandchild on hand to sample it alongside you. The signal Queen Camilla sends is loud, clear and effortlessly inclusive. It doesn’t matter how you get there, or how long it takes, family is family if you make it so. Long live The Queen!  Is anyone surprised former Saturdays singer Una Healy has quit the “throuple” she supposedly shared with boxer David Haye and his girlfriend Sian Rose? Polyamory may be all the rage but jealousy is endemic to humankind. It is impossible for one of a threesome not to feel left out at least some of the time. Call me boringly conventional – I’ve definitely been called worse – but either the women were going to grow closer and exclude Mr Haye or rivalry between them would topple the throuple. Grandmother’s sayings may be predictable – but not false. Two is company and three is a crowd. And crowd control is more complicated than couples’ counselling. Disney CEO Bob Iger got short shrift when he demanded staff attend the office at least four days a week. They said this would provoke a raft of resignations. Bob extolled the “collaborative process”, saying: “You put writers in a room, talent in a room, executives in a room. You thrash it out... sometimes you come up with that X factor which makes a great movie.” There was no reply – the recipients were picking up kids from school, doing laundry and defrosting the freezer. No wonder, as Dame Joan Collins said, every one of the Oscar-nominated movies is an unbearably turgid watch. More on the perennial theme of who should play whom in a biopic when the subjects are still alive and fiercely kicking. Last week I reported that Mitch Winehouse was livid that George Clooney hadn’t been cast as his character in the imminent film about his daughter Amy. This week, presenter Emily Maitlis is maintaining a dignified silence about being portrayed by Gillian Anderson in the Netflix film Scoop based on producer Sam McAlister’s book about her infamous interview with Prince Andrew. Why is Emily keeping shtum? Could it be because she’s 52, and Gillian is 54? Is it because she hoped to produce her own TV series on the same subject? Is she fuming that it’s Anderson and not Salma Hayek? No one except her nearest and dearest has a clue, but let’s not pretend the “who should play me” conundrum isn’t deliciously controversial. More power to my indefatigably glamorous chum and colleague Jo Whiley, 57, for giving all that “mutton dressed as lamb” bunkum the disrespect it deserves. When playing to packed raves and celebrating the music of the 1990s countrywide, Jo gets togged out as punchily today as when she broke through 35 years ago. She rocks double denim, backless sequinned minis and neon silk pantsuits with svelte and slinky gusto, and she intends to celebrate her signature style well into her 80s and beyond. I commend her va va voom and heartily endorse her wholesale rejection of the absurd fatwah on women of a certain age unabashedly embracing the fashion we adore. We may be a tad antique but we sure as heck don’t have to don farthingales and wimples before fading away.  No age limit on Jo’s rock chic Why did BBC Radio 2 management summarily shove beloved Ken Bruce out of Wogan House after 40-plus dazzling years? Why did they terminate his show prematurely, leaving him dazed and his audiences affronted? Ken is not merely a DJ or presenter. He has been the listeners’ friend and confidant for almost half a century. He deserves marching bands, ticker tape and bunting – not to be bundled out of the building. How much have the so-called talent handlers been paid to botch this farewell to a national treasure up so royally? This brusquely rude termination has the coldly clinical hands of the current rogues’ gallery of BBC bigwigs all over it. 