A female rugby player who sued an opponent for £10 million after she was paralysed for life by a horror “revenge” tackle has won her High Court fight for compensation. Dani Czernuszka, 34, broke her spine after being tackled by "angry" opponent Natasha King during a ruck in a league match between her team Reading Sirens and Bracknell Ladies in October 2017.  She sued her rival personally for damages in a High Court trial earlier this month and today Mr Justice Martin Spencer ruled in her favour, blaming Ms King for the devastating injuries. The decision means Mrs Czernuszka is entitled to a massive compensation payout, which will be assessed at a later date, if not agreed outside of court. During the trial, her lawyers estimated the value of her claim at about £10 million. The verdict in her favour, a first for the ladies game sets a new precedent for sporting injury claims in general. Delivering his judgement today, Justice Spencer said that, in executing the tackle, Ms King had been "intent only on exacting revenge" because she was angry at how the game had played out. He said: "This was a reckless and dangerous act and fell below an acceptable standard of fair play. "I do find...that the 'tackle' was executed with reckless disregard for the claimant's safety in a manner which was liable to cause injury and that the defendant was so angry by this time that she closed her eyes to the risk to which she was subjecting the claimant, a risk of injury which was clear and obvious". Opening the trial last month, Robert Weir KC, for Mrs Czernuszka, said a "beef" had developed between the two women during the game, partly caused by an earlier clash in which Ms King tried to tackle the smaller woman but "came off worse". Mrs Czernuszka, who is five foot three inches tall, was in a "crouched position" waiting to receive the ball from her side when the other woman put in her tackle, he said. He described Mrs Czernuszka's position as "extremely vulnerable" and noted a size disparity between the two players, telling the court: "The claimant is slight, Ms King is not". He said: "The claimant was thereby pinned in a bent over position by the actions of the first defendant. She sustained an immediate severe spinal fracture and spinal cord injury as a direct result of this tackle." Mrs Czernuszka, who now plays para ice hockey for Team GB, was left with no movement in her legs and dependent on a wheelchair. She was not discharged from hospital until April 2018 - six months after the injury - and now faces a lifetime of disability. In her written defence to the claim, Ms King’s barrister Geoffrey Brown said that, by playing in the match, Mrs Czernuszka "impliedly consented to the risk of injury." He said: "It was a rugby injury, arising through the risks inherent in playing the game, not through any fault on the part of Ms King.” But allowing Ms Czernuszka's claim, the judge disagreed, saying: "There was no error of judgment in the tackle, I find that the defendant did exactly what she set out to do. "At that moment, she was not attempting to play within the laws of the game, but to exact retribution on the claimant". I have no doubt that the defendant did, as the claimant said, utter the words: "That f****** number 7, I'm going to break her." "Thereafter, she was looking for an opportunity to get her revenge on the claimant, the red mist had metaphorically descended over the defendant's eyes.” Speaking after the verdict Mrs Czernuszka said she still loves the game despite what happened to her. She said: "Sport has always given me great pleasure in life, and I don't blame the game of rugby for what happened that day. “Ultimately, I feel I was let down by improper and poor behaviour from the opposing player, coaching staff and the referee." "Learning to live with my lifechanging injuries has been difficult and something I could not have done without the support of my family and close friends. "I hope I can use my injury and the outcome of today's trial to raise awareness of the dangerous lines that shouldn't be crossed when playing sport - no matter the level." Her solicitor Damian Horan, said in a statement after the ruling: "Rugby is a sport to be enjoyed by players and spectators from grassroots level right through to the professional game. However, this case is a timely reminder that a player's actions on the pitch never stay on the pitch and can have catastrophic consequences. "The outcome sets a legal precedent for future sporting injury claims involving spinal cord injuries and we hope that Mrs Czernuska's case goes a long way to raise awareness of the dangers involved with foul play on the sporting field." Lawyers for Mrs Czernuszka said that the RFU will pick up the damages bill in the case, as they insure all players, whatever their level through a mandatory scheme.