The Nick Knowles series sees the presenter and his team, along with community volunteers, putting their best efforts together to transform the homes and lives of families in need of some help. Tuesday's DIY SOS: The Big Build told the story of Lindsey and her children, whose lives changed forever in the space of a few weeks after tragedy struck. As she relayed the "heartbreaking" story about the loss of her husband, Shaun, fans admitted the BBC series had "set them off" just 10 minutes into the episode. Midwife Lindsey explained how she had met Shaun in 2016 when she was a single mum to her two eldest children. Shaun had recently left the military and was described by his wife as "compassionate and loving". The couple later had their first baby together in 2017 and bought a new house which they hoped to renovate. Soon they made plans to extend the home, with Shaun running the project. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue The couple then had another baby, and the build was further delayed due to Covid, and soon the family was living with Lindsay's parents, which was supposed to be for just two weeks. However, Shaun fell ill and tragically died in hospital just months later. "We found out it was a really rare form of cancer," Lindsey explained. She added: "Shaun was in hospital for Leo's birthday, Leo visited him and that was the last time he saw him." As the cancer spread, Shaun was told he could have another 18 months to live, but devastatingly, the illness progressed quickly and he died two days later. "One of the last things he said was, 'Sorry I'm leaving you in such a mess,'" a tearful Lindsey recalled. She added: "He became unwell at the end of September and he died on November 10." To add to her grief, Lindsey's home was uninhabitable. The family had lived with Lindsey's parents for five months and were desperate to get back to their own home. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's exit [THEORY]Unforgotten newcomer explains why she initially turned down role [LATEST]The Office star details 'agonising' search for missing sister-in-law [VIDEO] Thankfully, Nick managed to gather an army of volunteers to assist in the family's unfinished project. As Lindsey greeted the huge team, she gave an emotional message of thanks. Fans watching the programme soon expressed their sadness over the story, with many taking to social media to explain how "heartbroken" they were. Twitter user @Adelewht37wrote: "@DIYSOS pulling at the heartstrings tonight." @annockh added: "A reality check watching the amazing family on #diysos Such a heartbreaking story! Thank goodness @MrNickKnowles and @DIYSOS can help." "@claireadoon penned: "Tissues ready @DIYSOS #lovethis." "That's it.....I'm off already...... cheers Nick #diysos," @VincentVankOff wrote. @vicky85grey shared: "DIY SOS I shouldn’t watch this stuff," along with crying emojis. @TheSolarShed added: "If anyone needs a good cry, @DIYSOS is going to smash it out of the park and help you open the floodgates in about 45mins. Prepare yourself..." @woosieowens7 commented: "Some of these stories really break your bl**** heart! #DIYSOS #THEBIGBUILD." DIY SOS is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.