Tottenham have been urged to move for Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak in the summer as part of a double transfer to replace Hugo Lloris. The Frenchman is set to spend between six and eight weeks on the sidelines after he suffered a knee injury in their 1-0 win over Manchester City. Lloris’ deputy Fraser Forster came in for just his second Premier League appearance of the season against Leicester on Saturday but conceded four times and as he is just two years younger than Spurs’ number one, there may be a new goalkeeper eyed in the summer. David Raya and Jordan Pickford have been previously linked, but ex-Spurs stopper Paul Robinson believes that Oblak would be the “next level” addition that his former side need. “Oblak would be an incredible signing,” Robinson told Football Insider. “I’ve been an admirer of his for a long time. He is the next level of goalkeeper that Spurs need. Oblak has been a big part of Atletico Madrid’s success over the past few years. I’m surprised that his name does not get linked with more Premier League clubs.” While Robinson has also tipped Spurs to return for long-standing target and Oblak’s Atletico team-mate Yannick Carrasco for a summer move. “If they could get Oblak and Carrasco that would be even better,” Robinson added. “There is clearly a strong relationship between the two clubs. If Oblak and Carrasco are available and are keen to come to the Premier League, Spurs should be at the front of the queue.” Spurs and Atletico may have a positive relationship after the north London side terminated Matt Doherty’s contract to allow the Irishman to make the move to the Spanish capital on transfer deadline day after previously loaning Sergio Reguilon to Diego Simeone’s outfit in the summer.  The London Evening Standard have previously claimed that Oblak is on the shortlist as Lloris’ replacement as aside from the World Cup winner’s injury he has not enjoyed the most successful season amid several high-profile errors. Raya’s contract at Brentford expires at the end of next season and though he has been linked with a move to north London, Spurs would face competition from Manchester United as Erik ten Hag’s side have also been linked with the Spaniard as they may look to replace David De Gea. Spurs have been long-term admirers of Carrasco and a move in previous seasons has been mooted, though as the Belgian has less than 18 months left on his contract an arrangement has been made with Barcelona. Xavi’s side have negotiated a preferential purchase option for the winger at £20million, though they may not take up the deal amid their financial woes.