Tommy Fury has been warned the pressure tactics used by older brother Tyson to prepare him for Saturday's bout against Jake Paul could have an adverse effect in the ring. 'TNT' and 'The Problem Child' will finally put their festering feud to bed in Riyadh, where they're set to go to war over eight rounds. But Paul's trainer, BJ Flores, believes WBC heavyweight champion Tyson may have put unnecessary pressure on his younger sibling when he said Tommy "can stay in Saudi Arabia" if he fails to win. That's in addition to suggesting his half-brother may have to change his 'Fury' surname unless he comes away with the victory. "Tyson is a very smart boxing guy, he knows boxing very well and for him to say that, I feel like it's put a lot of pressure on Tommy," Flores told Sky Sports. "He's never fought in front of the type of crowds that Jake has multiple times. "He's never headlined in front of 20,000 people. He's never been the main event on a pay-per-view card or had a main spotlight fight." READ MORE: Tyson Fury's dad sends sinister warning to Deontay Wilder as fourth fight bashed  While the stakes are very real heading into his ninth professional fight, 8-0 Tommy recently acknowledged older brother Tyson and father John have a habit of exaggerating to promote their contests. But while a change of name or address may be out of the question, he told talkSPORT he is "100 per cent" serious about retiring if he loses to Paul. The Problem Child is 6-0 as a boxer, though Saturday's fight might be considered his 'pro debut' in earnest considering Fury is the first active boxer he'll have faced in the ring. Paul has fellow YouTubers, an ex-NBA player and former UFC champions on his list of conquered opponents, but his coach backed the Ohio native to thrive in what could be his toughest test to date. "Tommy's got some really good attributes," added Flores, who retired with a 34-4-1 record as a boxer in multiple eight classes. "He's got hand speed and he's been around the boxing ring for a long time, but I feel like he's in with just a better athlete. DON'T MISSInside Floyd Mayweather's houses, jets and girlfriend news after amounting £400m fortuneDavid Haye responds to Katherine Ryan after comedian DM'd him to ask if he's in a throupleMauricio Lara admits to spitting on Josh Warrington in furious clash after Wood win   "Jake punches harder, he's smarter, has a higher boxing IQ and I feel like he does a lot of things that will give Tommy a lot of problems." Despite coming from a long line of fighters and his broader background in boxing, Fury will enter Saturday's showdown as the underdog against clear favourite Paul. Someone's '0' will have to go as the undefeated duo square off at the Diriyah Arena, and there's a belief the increased pressure on 'TNT' to produce may blow up in his face.