With over 40 million drivers in the UK, many Britons are struggling to pay for their petrol and diesel as fuel prices stagnate during the national cost of living crisis. In order to deal with the fuel prices, experts are now urging drivers to make small driving changes to slash their fuel consumption. The more a driver accelerates, the more fuel they will use, with experts advising motorists to stay under 3,000 revs. Motorists should always drive in the highest gear possible without labouring the engine and change the gear much earlier than feels natural. There are also suggestions for drivers not to hit the brakes too rapidly, as this can lead to more acceleration and use more fuel. READ MORE: Inside David Beckham's 'special' car collection - Ferrari, Ford & more Before setting off any any trip, regardless of the length, drivers should always make sure the tyres are in good condition. Drivers can check the car’s manual for the correct tyre pressure, as underinflated tyres can increase fuel consumption anywhere between 0.6 percent and three percent. Maintaining the correct tyre pressure will increase longevity, as well as saving on fuel consumption – which also saves people money. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of expensive costs this year from Clean Air Zones [WARNING]Anti-ULEZ London boroughs installed the fewest electric car chargers [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of one button as it boosts 'fuel consumption by 20%' [SHOCKING] Paul Maynard, technical training manager at ATS Euromaster, said: “Cars use more fuel the heavier they are. “Try removing things such as roof racks, footballs, camping chairs, golf clubs etc. “Items on the roof cause drag, so, remove all unused items to improve fuel consumption.” READ MORE: 'Very cross' driver slapped with parking fine over broken meter Stop-start engines are slowly becoming more common with newer, more modern cars having the system. It is designed to cut the engine when the vehicle is stationary, which is then restarted when the brake is released the clutch is engaged or the accelerator is pressed. People can save money by keeping their car in neutral or even switching off their engine when at the traffic lights or stuck in traffic. Mr Maynard added: “If drivers move into neutral before they have come to a stop, they will be using more fuel. “Remaining in gear activates the fuel cut-off switch which prevents their car from feeding fuel into the car while braking.” Excessive speed is the biggest fuel-guzzling factor, with drivers being urged to have a light right foot and one of the best ways to achieve a high mph is by driving in the highest possible gear.