LeBron James is reportedly not happy with Los Angeles Lakers teammate Anthony Davis, who has been linked with a sensational trade to the Dallas Mavericks. According to sports personality Colin Cowherd, James is frustrated by Davis’ inability to stay healthy along with his inconsistent form. The Lakers made a number of moves at the NBA Trade Deadline, including sending Russell Westbrook to the Utah Jazz as part of a deal to bring D’Angelo Russell back to Los Angeles. Westbrook’s move improved the team on the court as well as off of it, improving morale in the locker room - but the former MVP may not have been the only disillusioned star. Davis was enjoying a stretch of the best basketball of his career earlier this season, averaging 27.4 points and 12.1 rebounds over his first 25 games - including a 55-point, 17-rebound dominant showing against the Washington Wizards in December. However, the 29-year-old has struggled since returning, putting up 22.5 points per game while shooting a paltry 19.0 percent from three-point range in his last 10 games. On Thursday, FOX Sports' Colin Cowherd reported on his radio show that James is unhappy with Davis and wants the former New Orleans Pelicans star to be held more accountable. Cowherd also suggested a trade to Luka Doncic’s Mavericks could be in play for the eight-time All-Star in the offseason. READ MORE: Los Angeles Lakers chief's Brooklyn Nets dig over Kyrie Irving trade “It’s believed Darvin Ham overplayed LeBron James and that’s why he’s banged up,” Cowherd said on his show ‘The Herd’. “LeBron wanted to, after the championship in the bubble, hand the franchise to Anthony Davis -but he came in out of shape. It ticked off LeBron James and he should have been ticked off. It’s why I said before this season I would move off Anthony Davis because in the end he’ll let you down. He’s already been hurt, now he’s playing like crap. “LeBron is not happy. Who’s he not happy with? Darvin Ham, probably, for not holding AD accountable because simultaneously during these messages, AD’s been awful. He had a first half against the Warriors the other night which may have been his worst NBA half. LeBron and his camp have been frustrated by how minutes he has to play, they can’t depend on Anthony Davis. They’re a little upset that Darvin Ham is not keeping the pressure on Anthony Davis. DON'T MISS NBA's LeBron James farce is a real danger to the Premier LeagueMichael Jordan speaks out after LeBron James breaks NBA recordIrving hits out at Brooklyn Nets as Durant seals Phoenix Suns trade “I talked to an NBA source who I’ve known for a long time, he said the Dallas Mavericks and Anthony Davis, keep your eye on it.” Cowherd believes James has ultimately frown tired of Davis’ unreliability, adding: “LeBron has always tried to get along with everybody. It’s one of the criticisms I’ve had of LeBron - Michael Jordan would have just called out [Russell] Westbrook or Anthony Davis. Tom Brady would call out a teammate. “LeBron’s not happy with AD. He’s doing an end around a little bit. He’s not happy with Darvin Ham not holding [AD] accountable; they’re playing LeBron too many minutes but if you watch the Lakers pre-trade, they had to play him. It was the only reason they could compete against good teams was if LeBron plays 40 minutes because you don’t know what you’re going to get with AD.” Following the NBA Trade Deadline, Lakers general manager Rob Pelinka was generally praised for his moves to reboot the roster, improving the supporting cast around James and securing the shooters the team desperately needed. Should Cowherd’s report be correct, it appears Pelinka may be busy once again in the offseason. Davis being linked with the Mavericks could open the door for the Lakers to move for Kyrie Irving, who is an impending free agent. The two franchises could therefore agree to a sign-and-trade involving Irving and Davis, as while the Lakers can free up enough cap space to secure the star guard, Dallas have the ability to sign him to a more lucrative contract.