 Several union bosses ratcheted up the rhetoric while the Treasury attempted to limit pay rises. The Exchequer reportedly told ministers that public sector pay increases must stay below five per cent next year to control inflation. Pat Cullen, General Secretary of the Royal College of Nursing (RCN), called it “disgraceful” that the Treasury told ministers that they must cap pay and “punish key workers yet again”. She said: “If the Government wants a summer of discontent over this, then they are going the right way about it. This is not what we want, the public wants, or patients deserve. But we will always do what it takes to protect our patients and the NHS.” Nursing staff in ­emergency departments, intensive care units and cancer wards will strike for the first time during a continuous 48-hour walkout from 6am on March 1, the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) said. It will reduce services to an “absolute minimum” and ask hospitals to rely on ­members of other unions and other clinical ­professions instead. Previous action took place only during the day shift, for 12 hours each time. Ms Cullen said: “These strikes will leave no area of the NHS ­unaffected. This is the consequence of a Prime Minister and Chancellor who will not listen and are pushing more nurses out into the cold. “We have been overwhelmed by the support of the British public and it is time for Rishi Sunak and Jeremy Hunt to hear what British people are telling them. They want a resolution and so do we. These strikes do not need to go ahead if the ­Government just comes to the table.” The nursing union announced the initial strike benefit rate – the amount the union pays staff to make up for lost pay – will be increased from £50 to £80 per day, with the rate rising to £120 from the fourth day of action. The RCN demanded a 19 percent pay rise for this year, although Ms Cullen has repeatedly said she is happy to meet at the negotiating table. The Government has refused to reopen pay negotiations for 2022-23. It insists it is right to stick to the recommendation of the independent pay review body of around four per cent when public finances are struggling. A Treasury source said: “High inflation is an insidious hidden tax that eats into savings and pay cheques. “We need to halve it this year. Inflation-busting public sector pay awards will make that job harder, prolonging misery for everyone.” NHS bosses fear Mr Sunak’s goal of eliminating waits of more than a year and a half by the end of next month could be missed if strikes continue. Junior doctors are set to join the walkouts by announcing on Monday three days of strikes. Health Secretary Steve Barclay wanted to offer staff a pay deal for 2023-24 backdated to the start of January, with the Treasury understood to have accepted the principle of a one-off payment for this ­financial year. But he has been unable to find a figure to offer staff that the unions and the Treasury will accept. Mr Hunt said pay rises of more than around two per cent in 2023-24 must be funded by cuts in departmental budgets. Meanwhile, Royal Mail workers have overwhelmingly backed their continuing ­campaign of industrial action in a dispute over pay, jobs and conditions which could last for the next six months. A fresh ­ballot of members of the Communication Workers Union showed almost 96 per cent were in favour of more strikes unless the deadlock is broken. Union chiefs meet next week to plot their next move. Rail workers have confirmed they will stage a series of ­“sustained and targeted” strikes in the coming months. Rail, Martine and Transport union members will walk out on March 16, 18 and 20, and April 1, at 14 train operators. Its members at Network Rail will strike on March 16. RMT General Secretary Mick Lynch blamed the Government for blocking employers making a new offer.