Toni Kroos has surprisingly been named on the Real Madrid bench for the match against Liverpool tonight. The German was initially ruled out of the Champions League last-16 first leg due to illness. Kroos' absence would have been a big blow for Carlo Ancelotti's side. They are already without Aurelien Tchouameni, who is also ill. That would have left Ancelotti short of midfield options for the clash at Anfield. Eduardo Camavinga has been named in the starting XI alongside Luka Modric, with Federico Valverde preferred to former Arsenal star Dani Ceballos. Real tweeted earlier in the evening the surprise news that Kroos was set to be in the match-day squad. And he is among the substitutes after recovering from gastroenteritis. READ MORE: Tottenham outcast may follow Dele Alli path with 'immediate' switch to Turkey  Kroos, 33, has won four Champions Leagues with Real since joining from Bayern Munich in 2014. He is closing in on 400 appearances in all competitions for Los Blancos. Speaking at his pre-match press conference on Monday, Real boss Ancelotti hinted he would have to change his tactics without Kroos and Tchouameni. He said: "That's the doubt - whether we want to control the game or have a team that is more offensive. "Whether we go a bit more attacking. I have to think about it." However, he now has Kroos' services to call upon, albeit from the bench. Tonight's tie is a repeat of last year's final where Real ran out 1-0 winners thanks to a Vinicius Junior goal. Liverpool have had a poor season domestically but Ancelotti is still expecting a tough encounter on his return to Merseyside. DON'T MISSChelsea owner Boehly begins summer fire sale with 'fee agreed' for starletMan Utd can sign two strikers for the price of one and save Ten Hag millionsLiverpool 'suspend' planned meal with Real Madrid chiefs ahead of tie  The former Everton manager said: "I don't think Liverpool have ever changed their quality (from last season). We expect a tense game, we will be under pressure a lot, a game where you don't have time to breathe and we know very well what to expect and we are well prepared for that. "I'm worried more about Madrid. I want Madrid to worry Liverpool, not the other way around. We want them to be worrying about us, not us to be overworrying about them. "It's nice to be back on Merseyside, I have a good memory of the period here. There was a pandemic in that period but it was very good time and it is good to be back in a fantastic stadium with a fantastic atmosphere and we hope to do our best."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here