Princess Anne has praised New Zealanders for their response to the fallout from the devastating Cyclone Gabrielle, which wreaked havoc on the country this week. The Princess Royal made the trip for the Royal New Zealand Corps of Signals Centenary Event on Wednesday, however the event has been scaled back because of the weather event. She said in a statement: "My thoughts are with all New Zealanders whose homes or livelihoods have been affected by Cyclone Gabrielle. "I have been given the opportunity to visit the national disaster and crisis headquarters today and I am impressed by the major efforts being undertaken by first responders, local and national agencies to ensure the best possible support for everyone, especially those still at risk. "I admire the courage of the people of Aotearoa during this alarming and difficult time.You should all be proud of the resilience, strength and care for your communities you are showing in the face of adversity. Kia Kaha." Kia Kaha is a Maori phrase used as an affirmation to encourage strength and confidence. The Prince and Princess of Wales have also expressed their support for the people of New Zealand on Wednesday night. In an initialled personal statement on Twitter, William and Kate said: "We are thinking of all the communities who have been affected by the devastating weather events in Aotearoa New Zealand. "As ever, we are in awe of the valiant efforts of emergency responders risking their lives to help those in danger. "Kia haumaru koutou katoa. (Keep safe everyone).  READ MORE: Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf to undergo heart surgery So far at least four people have been confirmed dead, including a child, with 1,442 people registered as missing on an online reporting form. However, police have said this number includes "duplicate reports of the same person reported uncontactable by different people". The police force on the country's North Island say they have "grave concerns" for those still unaccounted for in the Hawke's Bay and Tairawhiti areas. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry issued warning by expert they may be 'too polarising' [LATEST]Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore [REVEAL]Harry & Meghan Coronation attendance on brink over atmosphere concern [UPDATES] Police said in a statement: "While we expect a large number of the reports to be the result of communication lines being down, police can confirm there are several people missing in the Hawke's Bay and Tairawhiti areas, for whom we have grave concerns." On Tuesday New Zealand declared its third ever state of emergency as a result of the cyclone, with the alert covering the country's biggest city Auckland. The other regions covered are Northland, Tairawhiti, Bay of Plenty, Waikato and Hawke's Bay, with the military called in to assist with evacuations.