Nine candidates have now left the process, with seven being fired and two deciding to leave. Reece Donnelly's abrupt exit came during the Dubai week when the entrepreneurs had to sell corporate tours. The 26-year-old could be seen at the start of the episode of The Apprentice but was absent from the task, and Alan Sugar later announced Reece had left the process. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, he reflected on his experience and had one small area for Alan to "improve" on. When asked what it was like to be in the boardroom with the business magnate, Reece replied: "I actually find him quite funny. "You know, the one liners, they could be doing with a bit of improvement, and I think we'll all agree on that." He added: "But I think he's quite entertaining and I don't ever feel that I was scared until that boardroom where I messed up the cartoons and I thought, 'Ok, I better pack my bags and someone better book me a flight to Glasgow because this man is not having it.' "But I don't find him scary - I find him a very, you know, a real role model for everyone in business." READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence It's clear Reece feels strongly Alan's quick-witted jokes need a rethink though. He repeated: "He's [Alan] there to break down the failure of the challenge and I think only his one liners could be doing with some improvements. "But it's not a nice situation to be sat across from him in that boardroom, because no one knows what's going to go on." While he clearly respects Alan, Reece also mentioned he thinks his job could be at risk. Discussing Alan's advisers, he remarked: "Personally, I love Karren Brady. "I think for me, if Lord Sugar was ever to decide that he's had enough, it should be her that sits in that chair. "She works as hard as we do. She's on every task, and she genuinely cares about the candidates. "She cares about who's going to win but, you know, sometimes you do get that side eye from Karren and you think, 'S***, maybe I've got myself in a bit of bother here.'" DON'T MISS... Emmerdale couple ripped apart over Leyla Harding's huge mistake [LATEST]EastEnders heartbreak as Denise Fox's cheating could be exposed [SPOILER]Sort Your Life Out viewers 'in bits' over grieving family [REACTION] Acknowledging his unexpected exit from the series, Reece explained medical reasons were behind it. "It's just health reasons," he clarified. "I think where it's really difficult is it's a very demanding show. "And unfortunately, I had to listen to my body on this occasion. "You know, I made the big, bold decision to leave the process." He continued: "It's not the ending that I had prepared for. "I thought I would be standing there shaking Alan's hand accepting the £250,000. "But as I say, sometimes you need to listen to your body and that's all I am going to say on it, but I had an amazing experience and I've made pals for life." The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.