Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is confident that Bukayo Saka and William Saliba will sign new contracts with the Premier League leaders. The Gunners have tied down exciting attacker Gabriel Martinelli to a new long-term deal and hope they can convince Saka and Saliba that their futures lie at the Emirates Stadium. Arteta has revealed that Arsenal are making a concerted effort to hand new contracts to their best young players. Martinelli has agreed a long-term extension and attention will now turn to Saka and Saliba. “Part of the plan is to extend the contract of our biggest talents. We are trying to do that,” Arteta said on Friday. “The others will be done whenever we can. I see everybody really happy and willing to continue with the club.” JUST IN: Arsenal star Tomiyasu names team-mate who gives him hell in training Saka has just 18 months on his contract and is reportedly of interest to Premier League title rivals Manchester City. However, Arsenal are confident they can keep the England star in North London, especially with the improvements made under Arteta. The same can be applied to Saliba. The Frenchman has been excellent in his first full season but will see his contract end in 2024. There is a strong belief that Saliba will sign a new deal. The 21-year-old has formed a fantastic centre-back pairing with Gabriel Magalhaes. Arsenal are cracking ahead with those discussions to prevent the duo from entering the final 12 months’ of their contracts. In a year’s time, they can begin agreeing pre-contract free transfers to foreign clubs, a situation the Gunners will be keen to prevent. DON'T MISS...Arsenal resisted 'option of recalling' Folarin Balogun in JanuaryArsenal have Jorginho issue they wouldn't suffer with Caicedo or RiceFive stars you didn't know play in Australia including ex-Man Utd hero Arteta expressed delight at getting Martinelli signed to a new deal. The Brazil winger, 21, has chipped in with seven Premier League goals this season. “We’re delighted Gabi has signed a new long-term contract. Our supporters see his quality and energy every single time he puts on the shirt and he’s the same every day in training, with his hard work and positive values,” Arteta said. "Gabi is still very young, so we know there’s still much more to come from him and it’s great that we’ll be on this journey together. We’re now excited to continue to develop his huge talent and look forward to seeing him perform with Arsenal in the years to come.”