Smart-thinking commuters who regularly use Britain’s most popular rail routes could save as much as £1,200 a year using a clever parking hack. Indeed, those who travel from Liverpool Lime Street, could save £1,200 a year if they were to pre-book a monthly spot on someone’s unused driveway, rather than using the train station’s own parking provisions. Meanwhile, commuters travelling to London from popular commuter towns such as Royston, Brighton, Milton Keynes and Banbury could save an average of £948. The research comes amid the latest announcement made by Transport Secretary, Mark Harper, that LNER, which operates trains along the East Coast mainline, would continue to controversial scheme. It announced that it would extend its trial of selling single tickets only on its routes with an aim to simplify the ticket purchasing process. However, the news has caused confusion around the impact this could have on train fares, with a proposed 5.9 percent price hike set to come in at the start of March. READ MORE: Boris Johnson attacks Sadiq Khan's 'mad' ULEZ expansion In spite of this, savvy travellers could offset any potential price hikes by shunning often expensive train station car parks in favour of cheaper pre-booked options. Brannan Coady, CEO at YourParkingSpace.co.uk, commented on the extension, saying: “The latest news has caused a lot of uncertainty. “If the ‘single leg’ pricing structure increases rail travel it could mean trains become busier putting more demand on parking spots. “But at the same time, if train travel costs increase, passengers will need to find a way to offset this. DON'T MISSWoman shares 'simple' driveway parking tip which earns her £50 a month [INSIGHT]Massive new number plate changes to be introduced within weeks [WARNING]Elderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning [URGENT] “We have a wide selection of unused driveways available to pre-book, which are only a couple of minutes’ walk away from various popular commuter routes, each one saving people time and money. “Likewise, many homeowners are now renting out their available driveways and parking spaces to bring in some extra revenue to help with the cost of living crisis.” Recent disruption from rail strikes has also resulted in more than three-quarters (78 percent) of people planning to make the long-term switch from rail travel and to cars. Two-thirds (67 percent) of motorists that recent industrial action mean that they will use the train less in the future. READ MORE: The most clocked cars on the market - Ford, BMW and more However, a significant minority remain committed to rail travel with 20 percent citing convenience and 16 percent of motorists enjoying travelling by train. February’s Startline Used Car Tracker also reports that 35 percent are walking more, while 19 percent are using other forms of public transportation. Furthermore, 13 percent are using a traditional bicycle and just over one in 10 are travelling by electric bike. Paul Burgess, CEO at Startline Motor Finance, said that despite longer journey times, hundreds of miles of roadworks resulting in congestion, other factors are more prevalent. He added: “Our research suggests the rail strikes are convincing more people to travel by car. And, longer term that can’t be a good thing for the economy. “It would be worrying if rail-to-car switching by travellers develops into a long-term trend. “This would obviously be bad news for clean air strategies in cities and for urban congestion in general. “To us, these findings underline the need to resolve the rail dispute as soon as possible.” Elsewhere in the Used Car Tracker research, highlights used car buyer preferences for fuel types, with petrol up seven percentage points to 40 percent over the last six months and electric falling nine percentage points to 14 percent over the same period.