A strange "black-eyed girl" figure has been photographed in English woodlands in an area where people have reported being stalked by a ghost. The photo was captured by a drone hovering over Cannock Chase, Staffordshire, where people have reported horrifying sightings since the 1980s. Some professional ghost hunters think the footage is evidence of supernatural activity. Robert Pulme, one of these experts, describes the activity as "terrifying" but says it is "no surprise". He said: "Cannock Chase is considered one of the most haunted places in Britain, so it is no surprise the area draws in lots of rumours about beasts and ghouls. "We have had lots of reports of a ‘black-eyed girl’ seen walking around. "At first she appears like a normal girl and walkers are worried a little girl is lost in the woods. READ MORE: Five possible theories behind missing Nicola Bulley's disappearance "Then they see her eyes and she just disappears. It is terrifying." The ghost hunter has an elaborate explanation for why this specific girl is haunting the woods at Cannock chase. He believes she could be one of the many local children killed during a diphtheria outbreak in the 1800s. Diphtheria is a highly contagious bacterial infection that can cause the eyes to appear sunken and dark. Don't miss... Key Nicola Bulley witness comes forward as police announce new twist [LATEST] Nicola Bulley's family and friends hurt by 'vile' online theories [LATEST] Epsom College head found dead at school alongside husband and daughter [LATEST] Its other ghastly symptoms include a thick grey-white coating that may cover the back of your throat, nose and tongue, and pus-filled blisters on your legs, feet and hands. But another theorist believes the children could be the victim of a local murderer. Between 1965 and 1967, Raymond Morris killed three children in the area. The Cannock Chase ghost was sighted back in 2021 by a pair of teenagers, reported Birmingham Live.  The young couple set up their tent in the Bitches Valley area. When settling down for the night, they heard noises around their tent at midnight. After taking a little peak outside, they heard a child giggling before a shadowy figure was seen drifting between trees. "I was absolutely terrified. I’d read the stories in the news about the black-eyed child, but it wasn’t until the thing stood right in front of me that I could quite believe them," one teenager said. "I knew instantly that we were dealing with the real thing because it moved in ways humans simply can’t move. It was like it could teleport from one place to another when it was moving around and hiding behind the trees." But the girl disappeared, leaving the teenagers terrified, without sleep and waiting for sunrise. They spotted the ethereal girl again while walking back to the car. They noticed the black eyes, peering from behind an oak tree. Lee Brickley recently told the Daily Star about another incident in October 2019. He said: "There was also another incident in October 2019 when a young girl chased after the black-eyed child near Castle Ring, and again, she was unable to catch up with her. "The girl involved ran through the trees following the black-eyed child until she reached a sheer cliff-edge drop of around twenty feet. Had she not managed to slow her pace and avoid the fall, the girl would have come to serious harm".