The Qatari bid hoping to land Manchester United in an eye-watering £5billion purchase will not ‘go crazy’ in the transfer window at Old Trafford, according to reports. The Red Devils will have the funds to buy the world’s best talent should Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani’s formal offer be accepted. Al Thani announced on Friday evening that his bid to buy United had been made. The Raine Group bank overseeing the process set a soft deadline of 10pm on Friday evening for all offers to be made, with Sir Jim Ratcliffe and his INEOS group also submitting an offer shortly after the Qataris. The Qataris are reportedly confident that they can provide evidence that their bid is separate from the sovereign wealth fund. But they would still have incredible funds available to transform the 20-times English league champions. Should Al Thani’s bid be accepted, attention will turn to what United will do in the transfer market. They will reportedly not sign the likes of Neymar, Lionel Messi and Kylian Mbappe, and will supposedly not ‘go crazy’ in the market. JUST IN: Qatari bidders for Man Utd 'hold belief' about UEFA rule wrecking deal That is according to Sky Sports, who claim that despite United not wanting to sign the Paris Saint-Germain trio, they could become 'serious contenders' for Jude Bellingham and Victor Osimhen should a takeover go through - and will undoubtedly have more funds to spend than they did in January. Bellingham and Osimhen have been linked with United to solve their midfield and attacking problems, respectively. Qatar’s involvement in PSG has seen Neymar, Messi and Mbappe all loosely linked with United. But it seems none of the French club’s attacking triumvirate will make the move to Old Trafford. Al Thani, 40, is making his bid through his Nine Two Foundation. A statement released on Friday evening said: "Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani today confirmed his submission of a bid for 100 per cent of Manchester United Football Club. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo misses sitter from just yards out as Al-Nassr star flummoxedMan Utd 'set to extend takeover deadline' unless Qatari bid arrivesMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag explains insight from Glazers about takeover “The bid plans to return the Club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and - above all - will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United Football Club once more. The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim's Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the Club supports. “The vision of the bid is for Manchester United Football Club to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world. More details of the bid will be released, when appropriate, if and when the bid process develops."