Natalie Appleton’s performances as Fawn had clearly garnered her a huge fanbase during her time on The Masked Singer as many were left fuming she not only missed out on winning the ITV series but wasn’t even voted into the final two. Instead, the studio audience felt Rhino and Phoenix deserved a spot in the final two at her expense. Natalie had managed to flummox the entire judging panel of Mo Gilligan, Rita Ora, Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross and guest judge Lee Mack during the finale as no one correctly guessed it was her underneath the disguise. Her vocals left everyone in awe throughout the final show, which included a show-stopping duet with former star Traffic Cone, otherwise known as Aled Jones. But while the studio audience didn’t feel she’d done enough to garner a final two spot, it’s safe to say a number of ITV viewers didn’t agree. Taking to Twitter, The Masked Singer fan @lar_scott raged: ”Fawn was robbed, should've been in final 2 #maskedsingeruk.” READ MORE: Joey Essex sparks fears he'll miss Dancing on Ice after horror injury While Ashley Grace was similarly dismayed by the decision: “Fawn was robbed! #maskedsingeruk.” Another Twitter user, @itsamy_xo raged: “CALLED IT! and she is looking gorgeous. She was robbed, she should have won #MaskedSingerUK.” Mimi Williams added to the disappointment as they vented: “@MaskedSingerUK Fawn has by far the best voice. Robbed. The other two nowhere near as good. #maskedsingeruk.” This was echoed by @K_for_K4re3n who tweeted: “Fawn had the best voice of the 3! Robbed. #maskedsingeruk.” However, others were quick to praise Natalie for her stint on the show, as @mishybabez_ said: “Fawn is Natalie Appleton from all saint oh my god! I am shocked. She was fabulous #MaskedSingerUK.” Natalie's unveiling left the likes of Rita and Davina open-mouthed while Jonathan was frustrated after guessing one of Natalie's All Saints bandmates as his answer. While ITV viewers may not have been happy that she missed out on the top spot, Natalie looked in good spirits as she performed one final time with her headpiece off. Soon after, it was left to Joel Dommett who had been voted as this year's winner of The Masked Singer between Rhino and Phoenix. DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends' Meghan Crumpler fiance rushed to ‘urgent care’Tammy Slaton's pay for 1000lb Sisters explained as star hits goalNCIS' Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to 'most talented' co-star As tension filled the studio, Joel excitedly declared Rhino was the winner, meaning the judges got to see who Phoenix really was first. Chants of "take it off" filled the studio as this season's runner-up began to remove their headpiece, unveiling themselves as Ricky Wilson. The Kaiser Chiefs frontman, similar to Natalie, had managed to evade any of the panel's guesses - although did poke fun at Rita for not guessing him correctly. Rita and Ricky used to work together on The Voice, adding to her disbelief that she couldn't pinpoint his vocals. Soon after, it was finally time for Joel to unmask this year's winner, Rhino. And it was none other than Busted singer Charlie Simpson under the mask, proving Davina and Rita's suspicions correct. Charlie then closed out the series by performing Lewis Capaldi's smash hit Before You Go as this year's The Masked Singer champion. The Masked Singer is available to stream on ITVX now.