Vera season 12 has been playing out every Sunday night for the past few weeks with a new case to crack in each instalment. ITV viewers cannot get enough of the crime drama and its cast, including DS Aiden Healy, played by actor Kenny Doughty. So it's no wonder they are also keen to know all there is about the cast's lives away from the series. Vera star Kenny Doughty is believed to be in a relationship with his former Love, Lives and Records co-star Ashley Jensen. The pair starred opposite one another in the drama back in 2017 but Jensen is probably better known for featuring in the comedy Extras with Ricky Gervais as Kate Dickinson. More recently, she worked alongside Gervais again as Nurse Emma in all three seasons of Netflix's dark comedy After Life. The ex-co-stars reportedly grew closer to one another in the summer of 2021 and were spotted "holding hands" at a restaurant. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments A source told The Sun last year: "Ashley and Kenny have been friends for some time, and he has been an immense support to her in the past few years." They make a lovely couple, and all their friends are absolutely delighted for them. "Ashley is both a wonderful actress and person - and she deserves this second chance at happiness." Ashley was devastated after the death of her husband actor Terence Beesley six years ago. The pair met in the 1990s while working on a production of King Lear, got married in 2007 and had a son together two years later. But she was left a widow when the former The Bill actor died by suicide at their home in Somerset. Kenny has also been married to actress Caroline Carver, having tied the knot in 2006, although it is unknown when they split up. Carver is known for her roles in Holby City, My First Wedding and The Aryan Couple. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale couple ripped apart as beloved star quits [EXPLAINER]Vera viewers distracted as they slam 'all over the place' accents [REACTION]Vera season 12 episode 3 cast explained as police officer found dead [CAST] The upcoming episode of Vera is the fourth instalment in season 12 on ITV. Entitled The Darkest Evening, its description reads: "During a violent storm, Vera comes across an abandoned car with a baby inside and is forced to seek refuge at Brockburn House, the Stanhope's ancestral pile." Filming for the episode finished in September, so there has been some time to wait for it to be broadcast. What makes this particular episode special though is it marks a major milestone for Vera. Speaking to ITV, DCI Vera Stanhope star Brenda Blethyn said: “The six new films also include an adaptation of Ann’s previous book, The Darkest Evening, which marks the 50th episode of Vera. “I feel rather proud of having reached the landmark of 50 episodes, now having filmed 51 in total. I think it’s wonderful." Fans are just going to have to wait until this evening to find out how this investigation is going to play out. Vera continues every Sunday at 8pm on ITV.