 February 15 marked three years since television presenter Caroline Flack tragically died at the age of 40. The star’s famous friends and colleagues, including Louise Redknapp, Davina McCall and Olly Murs, all shared some sweet recollections over social media in honour of Caroline’s anniversary.   On Twitter, singer Louise Redknapp shared some old selfies of her and Caroline, jokingly pulling pouty faces at the camera. Alongside the happy photos, the singer penned a heartbreaking message to her “beautiful friend”. The 48-year-old wrote: “This day will never get any easier but you will always be remembered. “I’d like to take the opportunity today to remind people that kind words are priceless and to be supportive of all other people in this world and to care and to love costs nothing. READ MORE: Gabby Logan addresses regret in marriage with husband Kenny as she admits: ‘We were naive’  “You brought so much light, laughter and fun to this world and you were beyond talented. “We miss you but you live in our hearts forever and are shining down on us all, miss you my girl xxx.” Over on Instagram, Davina McCall, 55, shared Keith Lemon’s post on her Instagram Story advertising this year’s Flackstock. The annual festival is organised by Caroline’s famous friends, celebrating the presenter's life and raising funds and awareness for mental health.     The 2023 Flackstock will be taking place in Berkshire on July 24. Olly Murs also used Instagram to share his “pain” with his 4.3 million followers. Posting a black and white photo of himself and Caroline, the singer wrote: “Hardest day of the year. "3 years of pain that never goes away.  "But that smile and laughter I can still see and hear everyday!" He heartbreakingly signed off: "Miss ya Caz.” Caroline had risen to fame as a television presenter in the early 2000s, hosting shows like I’m A Celebrity...Extra Camp, Love Island and The X Factor. In 2014, the presenter took home the Glitterball trophy on the 12th series of Strictly Come Dancing with her partner Pasha Kovalev.  She took her own life in 2020 while facing prosecution over allegedly assaulting her boyfriend. Just days before the third anniversary of her death, Caroline’s family received an apology from the Metropolitan Police for not keeping a record about why it charged her with assault. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.