New research from meal-box delivery company, Grubby, has found a significant increase in UK searches around growing vegetables at home. Growing your own vegetables isn’t only a fun hobby but it’s also a cheaper way to enjoy your five-a-day. From analysing Google Trends data, Grubby found that in the past 12 months, there has been a surge in interest in when to plant certain vegetables. Searches for when to plant peppers, cabbage, tomatoes and Brussels sprouts have soared up to 500 percent in the past year in the UK. With this in mind, Fergus Smithers, chef and head of food, at Grubby, has revealed when the best time to sow vegetables and fruit is and how to grow peppers and tomatoes from seed. February - March Tomatoes Peppers Cabbage Lettuce Broccoli Cauliflower Brussels sprouts April - May Broad Beans Broccoli Corn Cucumber Aubergine Carrots Parsnips Beetroot Onion Radish Peas Spinach Leeks Salad leaves Turnip Spring onion Pumpkins Potatoes, Strawberries Runner beans READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito June - July Squash Cucumber Corn Potatoes Tomatoes Beetroot Lettuce Carrots Spinach Peas Beans Artichokes Garlic Runner beans August - September Courgettes Lettuce Spinach Kale Winter cabbages Radishes Garlic Onions Shallots Turnip Broad beans Carrots Broccoli French beans Runner beans Tomatoes Strawberries DON'T MISSFive paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [INSIGHT]Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [UPDATE]Expert shares how to keep inheriting property 'cheap and easy' [ANALYSIS] October - November Beetroot Broccoli Cabbage Kale Onions Radishes Spinach December - January Basil Dill Chives Mint Leeks Aubergines Lettuce Cauliflower After a 500 percent increase in searches for “can you plant pepper seeds?” and a 350 percent increase in “growing tomatoes for beginners” Fergus has shared how to plant pepper seeds and grow tomatoes at home. READ MORE: Five crops to sow in February to 'maximise' your harvest Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tomatoes are a really easy fruit to grow at home and are perfect if you’re a beginner. Fergus said the “best time” to sow tomatoes is from mid-February to late March. He continued: “The key to ensuring juicy tomatoes is to ensure they are positioned in a sunny spot. “Tomato plants need a lot of water, so it’s best to water daily and ensure they get around one to two inches of water every week. “If the leaves begin to wilt or turn yellow, it’s a sign that you’re overwatering them so make sure to keep a check on them. “Depending on the type of tomato you are growing, they take around 60-100 days until you can pick them off and enjoy them in a tasty summer salad.” Gardeners can actually sow pepper seeds from supermarket peppers that have been used for cooking. Fergus explained: “Planting seeds from your peppers is a great way to reduce waste and enables you to grow your own peppers at home. “Simply chop the top off a ripe pepper, remove seeds, and place on a paper towel. Plant seeds 2cm deep in a tray with holes for drainage, or in a plastic container with a lid. Give it a good water and then keep it in a sunny spot. “Water every one to three days as seedlings, reducing to once a week as the plant matures. Replant each sprout at three inches and again at 15 inches. “It can take around four to five months for your peppers to fully grow, but the wait will definitely be worth it.”