FIFA president Gianni Infantino has expressed FIFA's "deepest condolences" with at least 3,000 people killed and over 15,000 injured as a result of a huge 7.8 magnitude earthquake that hit Turkey and Syria on Monday. There is growing concern for ex-Chelsea, Everton and Newcastle player Christian Atsu who has yet to be found after the quake. Atsu scored the winning goal for his Turkish Super Lig club Hatayspor against Kasimpasa on Sunday night but has yet to be found alive after being caught up in the natural disaster, which occurred while people slept overnight. Hatay is thought to have been one of the worst affected areas by the incident. Hatayspor sporting director Taner Savut and an interpreter are also believed to be missing at present. The duo, and Atsu, are understood to be trapped under the rubble after the earthquake devastated the region. Other members of the club have been pulled out. And Infantino said in a statement shared by FIFA's social media accounts: "On behalf of the global football community, I would like to extend my deepest condolences to the families and friends of those who have lost their lives at the earthquakes in Turkiye and Syria. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and with those who have been injured in this tragedy. We would like to express our solidarity and support to the people of both countries during this terrible time." Kerim Alici, one of Atsu's Hatayspor team-mates, has denied reports that the search and rescue operation has now located the Ghana international. A report by Portuguese outlet A Bola claimed that Atsu had been pulled out of the wreckage and was being transported to hospital, but reports from Turkey have indicated that is not true. Atsu's former Premier League clubs Newcastle and Chelsea both posted about the player on Monday afternoon. The Magpies wrote: "Praying for some positive news, @ChristianAtsu20." While Chelsea said: "We're praying for you, Christian Atsu." Newcastle are anxiously awaiting updates about the 31-year-old attacker. Atsu was on loan when the Magpies won promotion back to the Premier League in 2017 and then completed a permanent move to St James' Park from Chelsea. The Ghanaian has been in Turkey since September, having moved from Saudi Arabian outfit Al-Raed. The winger's goal on Sunday came in what was just his fourth appearance for his new club.