Brexiteers have exploded with rage at Rishi Sunak over Ursula von der Leyen meeting King Charles III, fearing the monarch could be dragged into the Brexit row over the Northern Ireland Protocol. The European Commission President will meet the monarch for tea at Windsor Castle later this afternoon after her meeting with Rishi Sunak, where they are expected to confirm a new deal over the Protocol. But the meeting between Ms von der Leyen and the King has sparked a furious reaction from many politicians. Jacob Rees-Mogg told Express.co.uk: "Personally I don't think it will work because the DUP will not back it now. It's a shame because it is probably a good deal but the communications have been so badly handled and made everybody very suspicious. "Without the DUP on board, there may as well be no deal. We need everybody to agree and I'm afraid Downing Street's mishandling has made that feel highly unlikely." The former Cabinet minister also told GB News: "I think the sovereign should only be involved when things have been completed and accepted. "The King gives assent to acts of Parliament when Parliament has agreed, he doesn't express his view on acts of Parliament when they are going through the process. "I think the same applies - that His Majesty should not be involved until there is full support for this agreement." A former minister warned: "Pulling the King into this and undermining his constitutional position of being above politics is potentially a very serious mistake." Another Tory backbencher said: "Colleagues are not impressed at all about this." A senior member of the European Research Group (ERG), which consists of Tory Brexiteers, said: "It is completely inappropriate to try to drag His Majesty the King into politics - especially in an issue as controversial as this." READ MORE: EU planned to 'isolate Ireland' to keep Brexit talks open all along Another senior member of the ERG said: "I’m frankly appalled that they should drag the King into the most intensely political issue for many years. "He is King of every part of the UK, Northern Ireland included, and he should be kept out of politics." Sammy Wilson, the chief whip of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), said the expected meeting risked "dragging the King into a hugely controversial political issue". Baroness Arlene Foster, the former DUP leader and first minister of Northern Ireland, said: "I cannot quite believe that No 10 would ask HM the King to become involved in the finalising of a deal as controversial as this one.  "It's crass and will go down very badly in Northern Ireland." Commenting on the meeting between the monarch and Ms von der Leyen, Buckingham Palace said the King was acting on "the Government's advice" and that their discussions would feature a "range of topics".  Topics up for discussion include climate change and the Russian invasion of Ukraine, although it is unclear if they will discuss Northern Ireland. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: "The King is pleased to meet any world leader if they are visiting Britain and it is the Government's advice that he should do so."  Downing Street has defended the decision to advise the King to meet Ms von der Leyen. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said Mr Sunak believes "fundamentally" the decision was for Buckingham Palace. The spokesman said: "He firmly believes it's for the King to make those decisions. "It's not uncommon for His Majesty to accept invitations to meet certain leaders, he has met President Duda and President Zelensky recently. He is meeting with the president of the EU today." When asked why the final talks over the Protocol were taking place in Windsor, the spokesman added: "There are a number of occasions when these sorts of talks have been held in significant occasions, this is no different." 