Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has labelled Alejandro Garnacho 'emotional' but hails it as a positive trait as he looks to instil a winning mentality at Old Trafford. Garnacho has garnered attention for his recent antics when substituted and in response to social media critics. Still only 18, the Argentine winger has emerged as one of Europe's most exciting starlets this season, making 24 appearances in all competitions. He has started two of United's last three games but was visibly far from happy after Ten Hag substituted him on, and then off after Casemiro's red card, in last Saturday's 2-1 win over Crystal Palace. Garnacho was just as unimpressed after being hauled off on the hour mark as United were 2-0 down to Leeds United on Wednesday. The Red Devils fought back to draw 2-2, and he was the subject of mass criticism on social media. Eagle-eyed followers noticed he had momentarily liked a series of tweets slamming his display before removing them. But Ten Hag believes Garnacho's self-belief and desire to make an impact whenever he's on the pitch can only be considered a good thing if channelled correctly. JUST IN: Tottenham chief Daniel Levy admits transfer 'mistakes' amid criticism  He told reporters ahead of the trip to Leeds: "I don't think it's about that he doesn't understand the decision. "He's quite emotional, but that is his strength that he brings to his game. He wants to win. He wants to play football. "He doesn't want to miss any minutes, and I think that is a good thing. He's totally convinced about himself, and that is also a good thing. "You need that in the biggest games when you have to perform, and he is doing this. He wants to contribute to the end. "But he accepts decisions and that the team is always above everything. I think he knows that. "When he is coming off, that emotion, that frustration is not against that, that he's not accepting it [being substituted]." DON'T MISS Andrea Pirlo gives verdict on 'Yorkshire Pirlo' Kalvin Phillips Chelsea may have discovered exciting 'new Arjen Robben'Liverpool star Luis Diaz provides injury update ahead of Real tie Whether Ten Hag offers him the chance to respond to his rallying call by starting him again at Elland Road on Sunday remains to be seen. Garnacho's hopes of featuring from the start will likely depend on Antony's availability. The Brazilian missed Wednesday's clash through injury. Jadon Sancho could also be in line to start for the first time since October after inspiring United's fight back from 2-0 down at Old Trafford, netting the equaliser. One player who is on the chopping block is Wout Weghorst, who has scored just once since joining on loan in January. Ten Hag is reportedly ready to halt the Dutchman's run of seven successive starts in West Yorkshire. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here