From muddy paws to general wear and tear, carpets can go through a lot over time, especially in hallways and living rooms. This means now is the perfect opportunity to give floors a deep cleaning to get them ready for the spring season ahead. Experts at flooring specialists, Tapi, have shared five great ways to revive your carpet. Johanna Constantinou, Brand and Communications Director at Tapi, explained: “Before any deep clean, it’s best practice to start with a clean vacuum as a dirty bag or filter can cut your vacuum’s suction power in half. “If your vacuum is bagless, ensure you replace or wash the filter every three months to help prolong the life of your appliance. “For vacuum bags, replace them when they’re three-quarters full so your vacuum will always work as best as possible to protect high-traffic areas of your house that require the most attention.” Over time, even fluffy carpets can lose their bounce, but homeowners can “breathe life back” into them with a simple refresh of baking soda and white vinegar. READ MORE: ‘Outdated’ kitchen features to 'avoid' or risk devaluing your home Start by spreading baking soda over your carpet and work it into the fibres with a brush, before letting it sit overnight. Then, vacuum the household essential up and fill a spray bottle with equal parts vinegar and cold water before spraying this onto the carpet. Work it into the fibres again with a stiff brush to help get rid of any odours and help to reduce bacteria. The expert said: “Your carpet will be as good as new.” Johanna explained: “Spilt something on your carpet? It’s important to act fast on any stains you make. DON'T MISS:Six ‘interior designer’ changes to upgrade your bathroom [COMMENT]Four plants to prune now for successful growth in the garden this year [INSIGHT]Four ‘simple’ DIY methods to draught-proof windows for under £5 [EXPLAINER] “For water soluble stains, such as drinks or mud, blot away the mark with a solution of two pints of water with a quarter of a teaspoon of white vinegar. “Start with a clean cloth and gently press the stain, moving from the outside to the inside. Never rub the stain as this causes it to move into the carpet fibres and you risk permanent damage. “For tough stains like blood, coffee and wine, use either a spoonful of ammonia mixed with a pint of water, or use an ammonia-based cleaning product, to get rid of these tougher stains. “With any stain, it’s a good idea to test your cleaning product on an unseen area of your carpet before use to make sure it won’t damage or discolour the material and always avoid using hot water as this can make stains worse.” READ MORE: Four ‘very offensive’ plants ‘effective’ at deterring rats The best way to clean a smooth floor is by using a microfibre dust mop which helps to get into the nooks and crannies which a cotton mop can’t. The expert said to avoid the use of steam cleaners as this can damage wood and wood-effect floors, with the potential to cause discolouring and “alter the finish” through warping or cracking. Homeowners should always use caution and vacuum on a regular basis to ensure the finish is as best as it can be. The pro continued: “Most smooth flooring can be efficiently cleaned with a dry mop and concentrated cleaning solution purchased from any supermarket. “With an exception for floors with an oiled finish, this method is ideally repeated weekly for treating any dirt or loose debris. “There is also no need to use multiple cleaners and finishing products as you don't want to risk soaking your floors with a wet mop because excess moisture can seep through the surface and can cause lifting and warping. "To rid more stubborn marks, simply wring out a damp cloth as much as possible before gently tackling the area.” Make sure the floor is completely dry before letting pets or children walk over the affected area to avoid injury.