Vanessa Feltz, 60, opened up about her heartbreak following her split from her partner of 16 years, Ben Ofoedu, who has admitted he cheated on his fiancée. In a new interview, the 50-year-old revealed he slept with an older woman years ago, and the This Morning presenter had previously forgiven him. However, his most recent dalliance saw the Phats and Smalls singer reveal he sexted another lady behind Vanessa's back. The agony aunt has appeared to put her ex-boyfriend's pleas behind her despite wanting to win her back. Vanessa was seen smiling with her pals, including Claire Sweeney, 51, and Christopher Biggins, 74. They were seen enjoying themselves as they joined a conga line at a charity event for the Caron Keating Foundation. READ MORE: BBC's Rick Edwards and wife Emer Kenny announce arrival of baby boy Taking to her Instagram stories on Sunday, Vanessa shared a series of selfies with her pals before she joined a conga line. The columnist was glowing as she sported a pink sequinned dress as she smiled brightly for the photos. Ben has since addressed the "pain" he has caused Vanessa and their loved ones, in a candid chat with The Mirror. Vanessa forgave him after he had sex three times with an older woman in 2015.  Ben met the anonymous woman while performing in Ibiza with his band Phats and Small, but quickly called the relationship off after their three dalliances. Much later, he struck up a friendship with a fan on Instagram but quickly became X-rated after she began to send nudes. Vanessa was then contacted by another Phats and Small fan, who had attended a gig in Butlins late last year. They revealed Ben had made sexually suggestive comments towards her. DON'T MISS... Chris Packham suffered 'absolute hell' in childhood[LATEST]Stacey Dooley addresses Kevin Clifton's three failed marriages[VIDEO]Love Island's Maya Jama says she has ADHD in on-screen 'energy' tweet[TV] Vanessa reportedly found out on Christmas Day and has since kicked Ben out of their home. The Turn Around singer is seeking therapy in a bid to win back ex Vanessa. The Phats and Small singertold how he wants a psychotherapist to treat him and find out why he cheated on her. He told the publication: “I don’t come from a family of therapy. I’m an English kid, Nigerian background. But I’d love to see a therapist. “It’s about why you do what you do which needs to be worked out and I need someone to help me find out why. “The way it’s been portrayed is that I’m a serial cheater and that I go to holiday parks meeting this woman and that. That’s not right. "There are two incidents that have made me throw my life away.” Vanessa has since dumped Ben who said he is now living with a church friend.