Rescue teams have pulled a tiny baby from the rubble in Turkey after she was stuck under a collapsed building with her mother. Pictures show baby Ayse Vera being cradled by rescue workers this morning as they prized her from a building in Hatay. The area saw new significant tremors with magnitudes between 7.6 and 7.7 pummelling Turkey and Syria. Baby Ayse and her mother were pinned under the rubble while the tremors rocked the region for up to 29 hours. She appears uninjured while helmeted rescuers carry her to safety, with her mother not pictured. The child is clad in a blue cardigan and onesie, and draped in a blanket to protect her from the morning's bitter chill, with temperatures plummeting to below zero overnight. The scene is becoming all too familiar for Turkish and Syrian residents who have pried children from wreckage since Monday. READ MORE: Turkish survivors tell 'hellish scenes' after deadly earthquake A Syrian toddler was rescued from her collapsed home on February 6 after an earthquake killed her family members. Rescue workers rushed 18-month-old Raghad Ismail to safety after she was found in the ruins of Azaz. She was unscathed, but her pregnant mother and two siblings died after their building collapsed, her uncle said. Speaking to the Reuters news agency, Abu Hussam said her father was left crippled. He said: “The father is feared to have his back broken, his young daughter is fine. "His pregnant wife, his five-year-old daughter and his four-year-old son have all been killed." Devastating loss is becoming increasingly commonplace for Turkish and Syrian residents, with thousands of people dead following the tremors. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has warned the death toll could multiply several times over in the week to come. Catherine Smallwood, the WHO's senior emergency officer for Europe, said that officials may find 20,000 people dead. She spoke when the toll reached 2,600, warning that there remains the "potential of further collapses" that could compound the toll. The overall total could multiply "eightfold" on initial numbers, she added. The latest figures estimate that more than 5,000 people have died in Turkey and Syria.