The price of a drinks package varies between cruise lines and can be purchased when guests book. Cruise passengers can also book the drinks package at a later date if they want. However, several passengers have explained the reasons why they think drinks packages aren’t worth the extra money. A guest said on Reddit: “Unless you drink a fair bit in a normal week on vacation, it may not be worth it. “But there are some exceptions to that. If you drink a lot of espresso drinks, a lot of bottled water or want fresh squeezed juice, that might be included in the package too.” Often soft drinks are also available on a drinks package so it could be worth it for passengers who don’t just want to drink tap water. READ MORE: World's best destination for LGBTQ+ tourists named Guests can check out the ship’s menus and try to work out how much they might spend to see if they need the drinks package. The guest added: “My wife and I did not get the drinks package but did bring one bottle of wine.” Many cruise lines will let guests bring a small amount of alcohol onto the cruise to enjoy in their own cabin. If guests bring more than the minimum amount it will be confiscated at the check in and returned at the end of the cruise. The guest added: “If you book the drink package now and see a cheaper price, you can cancel the package and then rebook at a lower price with no penalty. “It may just take a little bit of time for the original purchase to get refunded to your credit card.” Guests can also ask their travel agent for advice as they may be able to keep an eye on prices if the package becomes cheaper. Another guest said they didn’t approve of drinks packages as they thought passengers got too drunk using them. READ MORE: The most welcoming holiday destination in the world is in the UK The guest said: “They encourage excessive drinking. On one cruise, a very drunk newlywed actually flirted with her toes with me in the hot tub with her husband sitting there. “Slurring and slamming beers. Bad look. Later it seemed they were fighting. Not to mention the excessive calories. “The desserts are bad enough without six or more drinks per day. The economics are such that it is cheaper to order a bottle of wine at dinner and the occasional cocktail.” Passengers could get drunker than normal if they’re enjoying unlimited drinks with an alcohol package. It’s a good idea to avoid the hot tub if you’ve had a lot of drinks, as the hot water can make people dehydrated. People will also need to watch their alcohol intake on a cruise due to the dangers of falling overboard. Although it’s a very rare occurrence, there have been incidents where guests have been injured or killed falling from a cruise ship. While this can happen for a variety of reasons, alcohol could cause passengers to lose their balance or bearings.