Piers Morgan has addressed the "absolute tragedy" of Nicola Bulley in his latest column. It comes after Lancashire Police said they "sadly recovered a body" after they were called to the River Wyre on Sunday. The TalkTV presenter said the case has "gripped the country" as speculation grew for Ms Bulley following her disappearance on January 27. The mother-of two disappeared during a riverside dog walk in St Michael's on Wyre in Lancashire three weeks ago, sparking a major search operation. Police previously said they believed the 45-year-old had gone into the river and that her disappearance was not suspicious. Ms Bulley, who worked as a mortgage adviser, was last seen walking her springer spaniel Willow after dropping off her two daughters, aged six and nine, at school on 27 January. READ MORE: Dan Walker reacts to Nicola Bulley's discovery after chat with partner Her dog was found shortly after, along with her phone - still connected to a work conference call - on a bench by a steep riverbank. Piers, 57, has since suggested it was a "shocking disaster-class" in how the police investigate a missing persons case. Writing in his column for The Sun, he wrote: "When Lancashire Police suddenly decided to tell the world that Nicola had alcohol-related problems relating to the menopause, I honestly thought they’d lost their minds. "Why on earth would they publicly trash the reputation of a defenceless missing woman in such a deplorably intrusive and tawdry way?  "We still haven’t had a good answer to that question – probably because there isn’t one." Piers went on to address Detective Chief Superintendent Pauline Stables's statement, adding it made him "angry" when she hit out at the media for allegedly being intrusive after Ms Bulley's body was found. "Not because I don’t think the family are perfectly entitled to feel upset at the intrusion into their lives in the past three weeks," he explained. "No, I was angry because there wasn’t a single word of apology or regret from Ms Stables about her own force’s woefully poor investigation and shameful, inexcusable intrusion into Nicola’s life that prompted much of the speculative claims which caused her family such distress." DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz feels 'bruised' as ex Ben sends message on her birthday[LATEST]Strictly's Janette Manrara in 'bittersweet' move after baby news[ADMISSION]Helen Mirren looks unrecognisable as she dazzles in off-shoulder gown[PICTURES] In a press conference held on Monday, police shared details of the tragic update that Ms Bulley's body had been found. They also read a statement from her heartbroken family, who said their "worst fears had been confirmed today". Detective Chief Superintendent Pauline Stables read their words, saying: "We will never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments and that will never leave us. "We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that. "Our girls will get the support they need from the people who love them the most." They added: "Our hearts truly break for others who have missing loved ones. Keep that hope alive. "Finally, Nikki, you are no longer a missing person, you have been found, we can let you rest now. "We love you, always have and always will, we'll take it from here."