A Russian oligarch and ally of Vladimir Putin has had £60million-worth of property seized in a raid in the US with prosecutors in New York moving to take over six properties in the region, as well as others in Florida. It’s claimed all are owned by Viktor Vekselberg, 65, who has been photographed with Russian President Vladimir Putin on numerous occasions. Vekselberg, who was born in Ukraine, made his fortune from the privatisation of the aluminium industry following the collapse of the Soviet Union in the early 90s. Investigations began into Vekselberg six months ago when FBI and Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) agents hauled boxes and safes out of an apartment building at 515 Park Avenue in Manhattan, a property US broadcaster NBC was linked to the Russian. Last year after Russia invaded Ukraine a yacht named Tango, with an estimated value of £75million, was seized from Vekselberg by US agents in Mallorca, Spain. Now the Financial Times reports luxury homes have been seized in the Hamptons, Manhattan and Fisher Island that were bought via a series of shell companies in Panama and the Bahamas.According to the paper prosecutors said Vekselberg funnelled millions of dollars into the US to keep the properties maintained, and even attempted to sell two of the properties. The sanctions against Vekselberg — for “malign activities” on behalf of President Vladimir Putin’s regime — forced him to give up control of his companies and barred him from doing business with US citizens without a special licence from the US Treasury.US attorney Damian Williams said: “With the filing of this complaint, the United States sends a strong message to those who violate sanctions and engage in money laundering that the United States will use every available tool to forfeit criminal proceeds and will use that money to help our allies in Ukraine under the newly enacted law.” READ MORE: Latvian MP tells Putin's delegates to 'Go f*** yourself' as he explodes at UN meeting Rishi Sunak and his fellow world leaders have pledged to stand with Ukraine for as long as needed, after a year of war that has left hundreds of thousands dead and millions more displaced. Earlier, the Prime Minister led the UK in a minute's silence to mark the one-year anniversary of the war, as the world reflected on the conflict initiated by Vladimir Putin's full-scale invasion last February. A call on Friday afternoon saw Mr Sunak join fellow leaders, including US President Joe Biden, to discuss the war effort and how best to support Ukraine going forward. In a joint statement, G7 leaders committed to intensifying "diplomatic, financial and military support for Ukraine" as well as "increasing the costs to Russia and those supporting its war effort". They also pledged that "solidarity will never waver in standing with Ukraine, in supporting countries and people in need, and in upholding the international order based on the rule of law". According to a Downing Street readout, Mr Sunak urged allies to "support Ukraine with long-term military and security assurances to send a strong message to President Putin that the global support was enduring". Outside No 10 on Friday morning, the Prime Minister had been joined by his wife Akshata Murthy, Kyiv's ambassador to Britain Vadym Prystaiko and dozens of Ukrainian troops being trained by the UK for the national pause on Friday morning. The King also issued a message praising the "remarkable courage and resilience" of the Ukrainian people. To give Kyiv a "decisive advantage", Britain was trying to revive plans to provide eastern European allies with fighter jets so they can release their Soviet-era planes to Ukraine. Britain also announced a new package of sanctions, imposing an export ban on every piece of equipment Russia has been found using on the battlefield in Ukraine. When Mr Putin launched his renewed invasion of Ukraine on February 24 last year, many believed his military might would capture Kyiv within weeks or even days. But the Ukrainian resistance led by President Volodymyr Zelensky and assisted by the weapons and support provided by allies, including Britain, repelled the invasion to the east. DON'T MISS: China urges Russia to END Ukraine war in extraordinary 12-point intervention