Manchester United have reportedly placed a £120million price tag on talisman Marcus Rashford as they seek to deter interest from the likes of PSG and Real Madrid. The 25-year-old has been in the form of his career since the club action returned following the World Cup but his contract status means his long-term future at the club is in doubt. Rashford is currently enjoying the best season of his career netting 22 times in all competitions this term. The forward is one of the most dangerous players in world football right now and underlined this stance with a man-of-the-match display at the Camp Nou in mid-week. His performances have naturally drawn attention from across the continent as the likes of PSG and Real Madrid weigh up making an offer. Rashford’s contract leaves the Red Devils in a difficult position. The England international’s current deal expires in 2024 with talks ongoing over an extension. Should the two parties fail to come to an agreement, the club may be forced to sell him over the summer to avoid losing him for nothing in 18 months' time. However, United are not prepared to lose Rashford on the cheap and club officials have slapped a £120m price tag on him according to The Daily Star. The valuation has risen considerably over the last two months given his form following the World Cup. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd Rashford has now scored 14 times in his last 16 and has been central to United’s progress on four fronts this season. The forward’s form has led to suggestions that the club are too reliant upon him, something Erik ten Hag has been keen to argue against. “He is so unstoppable at this moment, such a high belief for scoring goals, which we are happy with of course,” he said when asked about Rashford following the 2-2 draw with Barcelona. “But credit to the team as they get him every time in the right position.  “As I said before, we have other players who can score – Bruno, Jadon can score as well. Wout, of course, and they will score. “In the end, it doesn’t matter who scores but we have to score, as you say, in such a game when you create five, six or seven 100 per cent chances. You have to finish them more than that so it’s quite clear.” It remains to be seen where Rashford’s long-term future will be but the Old Trafford faithful will be desperate to see him remain at the club.