Chelsea star Mykhaylo Mudryk is ‘not in a good mood’ at the club according to Shakhtar Donetsk director of football Darijo Srna as the 40-year-old joked he would buy the player back. The winger is yet to impress since his big-money move to Stamford Bridge in January after the Blues beat London rivals Arsenal to his signature. Mudryk’s transfer to Chelsea was one of the biggest and most surprising of the January transfer window with all the signs initially pointing to a move to the Emirates instead. Arsenal had spent much of the first half of the transfer window in negotiations for his signature but their slow process left the door ajar allowing the Blues to sweep in and complete a deal. However, things have not gone how Mudryk would have hoped since his arrival with the 22-year-old failing to produce a goal or an assist in any of his first four matches. He is yet to become a guaranteed first-team starter too despite Graham Potter's side struggling for any kind of consistency or form. Now, his former director of football at Shakhtar, Srna, has commented on his current situation suggesting he is unhappy despite being one of the best players in his position in world football. READ MORE: Michael Owen leaves Champions League fans perplexed with Nunez comment “The market decided the price, not me or our president,” told the Football Ramble podcast when asked about the transfer. “Mudryk is one of the best players in Europe in his position after Mbappe or Vinicius then it’s Mudryk. "If someone wants to buy a player from Shakhtar they must respect us. We know how to sell players and how to buy players. He’s from our academy, an amazing kid, an amazing player. "Unfortunately, at Chelsea now he’s not in a good mood, Mykhaylo as well, but he has all the qualities to be one of the best players in the Premier League in the next couple of years. He later went on to joke that he would offer him a route out if things do not improve buying him back after the Russian-Ukraine war is over. "It’s no problem, we will buy him back after the war,” he said. “We will buy him back after the war." DON'T MISS...Jordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid lossCarragher goes in on Liverpool and Van Dijk after Real Madrid defeat Srna is not the only person from Mudryk’s past to comment on his situation at Chelsea with former coach Andreas Carrasco suggesting he has made the wrong decision by joining the Blues over Arsenal. "[Chelsea] is a club that has been changing recently,” he told UA Tribuna. “But it is good for Mudryk to be in a club that always expects maximum results. Now, he needs to go through a period of adaptation. And only time will tell if it was the right decision for him or not. “Today, Arsenal, with its style of play, could be more suitable for Mudryk, who successfully uses dribbling and plays one-on-one. It would be better for him, in my opinion."