Call the Midwife returned for season 12 at the end of last year, airing a new instalment from the heartwarming period drama every Sunday. The penultimate episode of the latest series is almost ready to air with the team at Nonnatus House having to deal with plenty of issues from the local community. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the cast of Call the Midwife, season 12, episode seven. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Call the Midwife. Nurse Nancy Corrigan (played by Megan Cusack) visits Imelda who is pregnant with her second child. However, she is surprised to see she, her husband Maurice and their young son Paul living in a cramped caravan. The situation quickly worsens though when the desperate family are made homeless. Actress Grainne Good is new to the entertainment industry with just a few credits to her name since 2017, including The Other Lamb and The Damned Don't Dance Together. Her husband Maurice is portrayed by actor and songwriter Niall McNamee who most recently featured in Apple TV+'s Bad Sisters as Cyril. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' Rosemary Mason is expecting her fifth child with her husband Arthur, and juggles running their family businesses, selling second-hand goods and running a guesthouse. << should this be 'at a guest house'? Shelagh Turner (Laura Main) becomes concerned by Rosemary's symptoms and is diagnosed with hepatitis, which in itself leads to a family secret. Actress Hannah-Jane Fox is best known as a stage actress, having played Scaramouche in the Queen-themed musical We Will Rock You. She has dabbled in some TV work as well though and played Sharon in CBBC's Millie Inbetween for four years. When Cyril Robinson (Zephryn Taitte) returns from Jamaica, he is keen to throw himself back into work. So he decides to volunteer at a homeless shelter with Norman Clint showing him around. Actor Neil Bromley has only been in a handful of onscreen work since 1999. His most recent part was in the 2016 movie The Lost City of Z, starring Tom Holland and Robert Pattinson, as a reporter. DON'T MISS...Meet Happy Valley star Sarah Lancashire's twin and siblings  [CAST]Call the Midwife fans demand return of 'wholesome' character  [REACTION]Call The Midwife star admits 'more problems to come'  [EXPLAINER] While Cyril volunteers at the homeless shelter, he comes across a young stricken man called Leon. He is struggling with addiction but Cyril is hoping he will somehow be able to help. Leon is played by actor Spike White, who has been in The Awakening, Pudsey the Dog: The Movie, Uncle, Purge of Kingdoms and The Good Liar. His biggest part to date was in the series Bliss back in 2018. The official episode for season 12, episode seven, of Call the Midwife, reads: "Everyone is looking forward to Trixie and Matthew's wedding and a bonny baby competition brings the community together. "It's not all good news, however, as the team learns about a pregnant woman and her family living in a cramped caravan, while a worrying disease outbreak directly impacts the residents of Nonnatus House." After this, there will be just one more episode left to air before the 12th series comes to a close. Call the Midwife season 12 concludes on Sunday, February 18, on BBC One.