WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us and The Last of Us video games Episode seven of The Last of Us will be airing on Sunday (February 26) on HBO in America and on Sky Atlantic and NOW on Monday (February 27) in the UK. HBO has already dropped a trailer for the forthcoming instalment titled Left Behind, which focuses on Ellie Williams (played by Bella Ramsey) and her time before she met Joel Miller (Pedro Pascal). The show will also shine a light on Ellie’s relationship with fellow Boston Q-Z teen Riley Abel. American actress Storm Reid portrays Riley in The Last of Us, who has had a meteoric rise to fame thanks to some impressive performances. The star was propelled into the spotlight thanks to her part as Gia Bennett in HBO’s dark drama Euphoria in which she played Zendaya’s younger sister to drug addict Rue. Reid has been part of Euphoria since it started back in 2019 and led to other roles with the actress also appearing in the hard-hitting Netflix series When They See Us. Prior to Euphoria, Reid took on the lead in Ava DuVernay and Oprah Winfrey’s Hollywood movie A Wrinkle in Time back in 2018. READ MORE: Unforgotten season five's theme tune is sung by duo Oh Wonder When They See Us marked Reid’s second collaboration with DeVernay after A Wrinkle in Time. Speaking previously about the limited series, which was based on real-life the Central Park Five case and is considered a huge miscarriage of justice in American history, Reid said: “We live in a system, and in a world, where we’re penalized for being African-American.” She went on to say: "We’re penalized for being part of a marginalized group [sic].” The star added to Teen Vogue: “So of course [Ava] wants to cover the case, but what she really succeeds at is helping people get to know the boys before this happened to them.” Reid wanted to pursue an acting career from an early age with her whole family uprooting from Atlanta, Georgia to Los Angeles to help the youngster follow her dreams. She is even said to have told her mother aged three she wanted to be on TV and become a star. Her debut was in the TV film A Cross the Bear in 2012 and the following year appeared in the Oscar-winning movie 12 Years a Slave. These early appearances led to parts in NCIS: Los Angeles, White Water, Chicago P.D., The Summoning, Sleight and A Very Bad Day. Some of her more recent roles have included Don’t Let Go, The Invisible Man, The Suicide Squad and One Way. She’s even featured in the Jay-Z and Beyoncé music video Family Feud back in 2017. Her work has received critical acclaim with Reid nominated for A Teen Choice Award, an NAACP Image Award and a Bet Award. This year, she will be appeared in the movie Missing as well as lending her voice to the TV series The Proud Family: Louder and Prouder. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh in stitches over The Chase player's 'best answer ever' [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence [VIEWER REACTION] According to IMDb, she will next be appearing in Killing Winston Jones and The Nun 2, the latter of which is in post-production. Reid recently posted on Instagram about her role in The Last of Us, sharing a snap of Riley. She captioned the snap, which she shared with her 2.5million followers: “The only friend. #TheLastOfUs @hbomax.” Along with her acting endeavours as well as working as a producer, Reid also has her own clothing brand called ArashiBlu. The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW on at 2am and 9pm