Boris Johnson has urged the United States to equip Ukraine with the "tools" needed to defeat Vladimir Putin's invading army. The former UK Prime Minister made the plea as he joined the Atlantic Council to discuss the importance of Western unity and support for the ex-Soviet state. Johnson said: "I implore you now to follow the logic of what you are all doing and give the Ukrainians the tools to finish the job. When asked about budget-minded critics of Joe Biden's handling of the Ukraine crisis, Johnson warned it is a "false economy" to hand Putin victory. The 58-year-old added that it is the "morally right thing to do" and that the "United States has a distinguished record" of "doing the right thing". Johnson touched down in the American capital yesterday as he prepared to meet with Republican lawmakers to discuss support for Ukraine. The former Prime Minister met with Florida Senator Rick Scott, South Carolina's Lindsey Graham and House Speaker Kevin McCarthy. READ MORE: Ex-Clinton aide warns Biden could be 'knocked' out of 2024 race He was also snapped with the Grand Old Party's Senate leader Mitch McConnell, Indiana Congressman Jim Banks and ex-Republican general election contender Newt Gingrich. Despite being warmly received by many Republicans, Johnson's overtures yesterday prompted questions from some GOP insiders. A Donald Trump campaign veteran told Express.co.uk: "As far as I’m concerned, as a Republican, and I think as a lot of conservatives are concerned, Boris Johnson might need to take a hint from his country and his party and just keep his mouth shut." However, a former adviser to Johnson added: "Despite not being Prime Minister, Boris hasn’t let up and he is recognised all over the world as someone who cares deeply, deeply, deeply about Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] "What is very special about what Boris is doing is that this is one of the most important issues and crises of the day and Boris absolutely has that weight and track-record on this issue to move the dial on things." David Campbell-Bannerman, a former UKIP and Conservative MEP, also welcomed Johnson's US trip. He told Express.co.uk: "In leading the world in warning of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and, with Ben Wallace, ensuring Ukraine could stop the tanks, Boris has shown he is a world leader whilst sadly Biden was slow and disengaged. "Republicans should draw inspiration from his leadership and personal courage he has shown in his multiple visits to Ukraine."