Albeit seemingly employing less dramatic initial actions than previously thought, it is nonetheless an escalating threat that must be contained and countered. Ever since the autumn, Russia has been desperate to re-seize the initiative and demonstrate to both its own population and the world, that it is still capable of launching offensive operations in Ukraine following a string of humiliating defeats that forced the Russian troops to retreat from key areas in the northeast and the southwest. Russia’s main push this time around will likely focus on the Donbas territories still under Ukraine’s control, hence the desperate attempts to capture Bakhmut, although increased level of fighting has been reported in adjacent areas, too. For the Kremlin, capturing all of the Donbas represents a more tangible objective than the vague slogans of February 2022 calling for the “de-Nazification and de-militarization” of Ukraine. It would be much easier for the Kremlin to explain such a move to the Russian population (and justify its imminent huge death toll), in terms that resonate with the Russians, by framing it as “protecting Russian citizens” and “defending Russia’s newly annexed regions”. The Russian commander in Ukraine, General Gerasimov has reportedly received orders to take over the Donbas by the end of March. Such a timeframe would coincide with the end of the frozen ground season after which the Ukrainian terrain becomes difficult for heavy armor operations. Some 300,000 Russian soldiers are currently on Ukrainian territory according to Ukrainian intelligence reports, with more undergoing training, and a declared goal of up to 1.5 million. That sounds far too ambitious, but even a third of that number would enable the Russian military to keep pushing pressure on the Ukrainian defenders along an extended frontline. The good news is that all previous Russian commanders have proven incapable of executing a proper combined arms operation involving ground forces, artillery and air force working in close coordination. Instead, the Russian leadership has opted for trying to score small tactical advances by using human waves of “disposable” convicts recruited by the Wagner Group. It could be expected that Gerasimov will also try to offset the Russian lack of operational prowess by using similar quasi-military methods of questionable value. The use of poorly trained Russian recruits as cannon fodder will continue, combined with desperate, but brutal attempts to destroy Ukraine’s energy infrastructure and terrorize its population through massive missile attacks. These efforts are doomed to fail in the long run, but difficult winter weeks and months still lie ahead for Ukraine’s brave military and citizens. To prevent any Russian tactical advances from evolving into the conquest of more territories, the Ukrainian military must have the ability to break the potential offensive before it reaches its peak, then punch through the Russian defenses using an “armored fist” deep into occupied Donbas and east of Kherson toward Melitopol, a city that holds the key to encircling and then liberating Crimea. For this to happen, the West must act swiftly and deliver - not within months, but weeks – the already promised tanks and armored personnel carriers, long-range precision-strike and missile defense systems. It must then keep on raising the level of military assistance by agreeing to provide advanced attack drones and jet fighters, and step up dramatically the manufacturing of the rapidly expendable munitions, including jointly with Ukraine’s own very capable defense industry.