Sarah Ferguson will be speaking about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle as well as the late Queen Elizabeth during an appearance in New York on the promotion trail for her new romance novel. The book, titled A Most Intriguing Lady, will draw upon some biographical elements from the Duchess's life in the Royal Family as well as being inspired by historical characters. The 62-year-old will be appearing at the 92nd Street Y, a global cultural centre in NYC on March 6, where according to the press release she will be "talking about her relationship with the Queen and answer a few questions about Harry and Meghan". The release also mentions Fergie's relationship to King Charles as his "former sister-in-law". The Duchess of York was married to Prince Andrew from 1986 to 1996, with their daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie arriving in 1988 and 1990 respectively. Recently she gave a speech at the funeral of her close friend Lisa Marie Presley on January 31, when she was laid to rest at her late father's home Graceland. READ MORE: Royal fans spot uncanny likeness of Eugenie's son to other young royal People magazine reported that the Duchess took inspiration from the late Queen when giving her speech. She said: "My late mother-in-law used to say that nothing [that] can be said can begin to take away the anguish and the pain of these moments, because grief is the price we pay for love. And how right she was." Fergie is said to have become close to Ms Presley around 2009, who died on January 12 aged 54 after suffering a cardiac arrest. Last year Fergie said she wrote the book to help cope with the stress of Prince Andrew's sex abuse lawsuit and also gave a copy in French to the Queen before she died. It is not known if Her Majesty read the novel. The Duchess told the Times: "I escape in life into everything through my imagination and through my will to be joyous." DON'T MISS:Mum and three sons jailed over £2.8m mortgage fraud  [LATEST]Putin's terrifying plot to 'destroy' another European nation unveiled  [SPOTLIGHT]Prince Harry 'will never redeem himself in American society' [REVEAL] In 2021 she praised the late Queen as being her "greatest mentor" and the "person who believes in me." She told the Tea with Twiggy podcast: "I absolutely admire the incredible way Her Majesty is so modern ... and how flexible, and how understanding, and how forgiving and how generous. "I think to myself that honestly, my mother-in-law has been more of a mother to me than my mother. [She’s] never faltered. "I absolutely think there is no greater mentor. The consistency of Her Majesty has been a great honour. A huge honour. Makes me want to cry."