While the list of lawn tasks in February are pretty slim, they are essential if you want the best looking grass once spring and summer rolls around. To help you achieve this Glen Peskett, owner of Saxton Blades, has exclusively shared four lawn jobs to carry out throughout the month. He said: “Lawn care is more low maintenance in the winter due to grass growing less over the colder months. Since we’ve had a few instances of frost and snow already this year, your lawn isn’t likely to have grown much. “However, some jobs can still be done in February to ensure your lawn is cared for and looking its best as the temperatures start to rise. Using this time before you need to start mowing regularly again really helps set you up well for the rest of the year.” According to the expert, winter is “the perfect time” to take a look at your mower and make sure it’s in perfect condition. He said: “Take this time that it’s not being used to clean the outside and inside carefully, as well as tighten nuts and bolts. “Now is also the best time to sharpen your mower blades. You can either do this at home if you have the right equipment or take them to a shop to be sharpened by a professional.” READ MORE: Monty Don shares three plants that ‘should’ be pruned in now For those carrying out the task themselves, make sure to remove and replace mower blades while the machine is off and/or unplugged. In preparation for the spring, you can use this time to cut in the edges of your lawn. Glean said: “While grass doesn’t grow too much during winter, the edges of your lawn may have become unruly and doing this job now while there are fewer things to do in the garden will save you some time come spring. “Most edging can be done with a garden strimmer. Aim for a 20 to 40 degree angle when strimming open edges to ensure your grass doesn’t brown or die off.” DON'T MISSI used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my kitchen grout [COMMENT]‘Best’ tip to remove stubborn kettle limescale to reduce energy bills [EXPERT]‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ [TIPS] If gardeners are finding puddles forming on their lawn, this could indicate compacted soil. Compacted soil means the root system of your grass won’t get as much air, resulting in weaker, less healthy grass. To fix this, the expert said: “As long as it’s not frosty outside and the ground has softened a little after ice or snow, use a garden fork or aerator to encourage more airflow to the area.” Aeration is the best way to get oxygen and nutrients circulating around the deepest parts of your roots. Just make sure you only perform this task when the ground is dry and frost-free. READ MORE: ‘Best’ tip to ‘guarantee’ your hydrangeas ‘will bloom’ after winter While it is totally possible to mow your lawn in the winter, it isn’t required as your grass will be growing so incredibly slowly at this time of the year. However, if your grass has grown over winter and you want to give it a tidy up before the spring comes, take extra care to ensure you don’t do any “permanent damage” to your lawn, warned Glen. He noted: “If you are using your lawn mower, adjust the blades to the highest setting so you’re only chopping off the very top as growth is still much slower at this point.” If your blades are too long or heavy with water they can begin to bend which results in an uneven cut - something you'd ideally like to avoid. The expert warned that too much trimming stops the plant from being able to absorb the sunlight. If gardeners find that their lawn is wet, mowing the grass should be avoided. Light rain shouldn't cause many issues, however, after heavy rainfall, it is not advised. Mowing your lawn after long periods of wet weather can be more dangerous than you think and will not result is a good cut either. Mower blades can begin to dig deeper into a soft lawn, resulting in new grass sprouts being killed.