Qatar are already making plans ahead of buying Manchester United, according to reports. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club, with the Americans looking to make a profit after 18 years in power. And while talk of Qatar already owning Paris Saint-Germain has emerged as a potential obstacle, those fears have already apparently been dismissed. Manchester United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005. Initially, the club kept winning trophies during the early years of the Americans’ rule - with Sir Alex Ferguson ensuring they stay dominant. However, with United failing to win the Premier League title since 2013, many will be glad to see the back of the Glazers when they eventually pack their bags. Over the past 24 hours, it’s emerged Qatar are seriously considering a takeover. And the Daily Mail say that while the country owning PSG has emerged as a potential obstacle, fears over such an obstacle have been dismissed. A single entity can't own two clubs in the same competition - which would be an issue should United, as expected, return to the Champions League next season. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford But the report says there is a ‘confidence’ Qatar’s ownership of PSG ‘will not cause any issues’. Those interested in United are separate to Qatar Sports Investment Group, who head up PSG. And that means there shouldn’t be any issues when it comes to the individuals involved getting their way. The report adds that, such is Qatar’s confidence, they’re already making plans for what should happen at the club. Erik ten Hag is poised to get significant transfer backing, with the Dutchman hoping for more reinforcements than the nine he’s brought in throughout his reign. United may soon find themselves competing for the biggest names on the planet, with Kylian Mbappe and Jude Bellingham two potential targets. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Any next owners of the club will need to redevelop Old Trafford. Though it remains a special stadium, the ground has shown signs of wear and tear in recent years. Certainly, it now pales in comparison to the super-stadiums occupied by rivals such as Arsenal and Tottenham. And more money is likely to be invested in the club’s Carrington training complex, too. Sir Jim Ratcliffe is another potential candidate to buy United, a year after the British billionaire missed out on Chelsea. Qatar, however, now seem to be in pole position in the wake of the recent developments. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here One person who won’t be entirely happy with the links to the Middle East, however, is set to be Eric Cantona. The Frenchman is regarded as one of United’s best-ever players, having sparkled during the 1990s. And Cantona, speaking earlier this year, said he’d probably look to support another team if Qatar assumed power at Old Trafford. “I feel that if I was in England today I would support a club in the second division, I think,” he said. “Maybe because I am old, I am a stupid guy because I'm too old. “I love football and I love the atmosphere and soul of football. I don't know why some clubs change their stadium to be the biggest stadium and everything. I think Arsenal when they left Highbury they left their soul. And he added: “Qatar, whatever. You have some people who bought Newcastle also. “Of course I have my point of view but what can I do? I can do an exhibition like this and bring kids from school because it's sports. “They will be interested in sport and start to speak about sport and then we speak about the context 50 years ago in Chile, Brazil, England, Argentina, everywhere. “What can I do now? I can do nothing. But maybe the kids can help us in the future.”