1923 is back on Paramount Plus and the Yellowstone series saw Spencer Dutton (played by Brandon Sklenar) attempt to come to his family's rescue. The episode ended with viewers fearing for the lives of Spencer and his partner, Alex (Julia Schlaepfer). There was then a tribute to Derek Chavez and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The tribute, which appeared in black and white ahead of the credits, simply said: "In memory of Derek Chavez". Derek Chavez worked as a production supervisor on 1923 and he was born in June 1990 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He has been a part of the Yellowstone franchise for a long time, having also worked as a production supervisor on 1883. His other production credits include Outer Range and Unbroken. READ MORE: 1923 family tree shows how Spencer Dutton is related to John Dutton During the star's early career he worked on Longmire, The Host, Finch and Lone Survivor. Derek was skilled in many other areas, also working as a production assistant, production secretary, assistant production office coordinator, travel coordinator and production coordinator. During his career, he worked on nearly 40 TV shows and films. The star has two children and a wife, Kristen, whom he married in January 2022. Derek died earlier this year on January 12, 2023, at just the age of 32. The cause of his death was a heart attack and his wife posted an emotional tribute on Facebook. The tribute said: "I don't know how to write this. By now I think you all have heard of our tremendous loss. "Derek was phenomenal with his words, when there was great loss, he often had an excerpt in his back pocket to comfort those who are dealing with it. He always had an answer and some wisdom beyond his years. DON'T MISS... Kevin Costner’s Yellowstone ‘replacement’ slammed after ‘cancellation'Yellowstone cancelled as Kevin Costner drama 'to end with season 5' 1923 fans ‘work out’ Alexandra exit twist after worrying promo clue "Unfortunately I do not have either. He was my rock, he is our true north. He always came home to us. He always made his way home. "I don't have answers right now. I don't think I can even wrap my head around what is going on. But what I do know, is he is not coming back. And I am lost, and we are broken. "I need to mourn my husband. But he also has a huge family, and so many dear friends that he without a doubt would want me to be there for so I am going to do that. I'm taking it one second at a time as I'm trying to navigate. "He didn't just leave a legacy. He IS the LEGACY. And I don't know how to do any of this without him. "I'm so lost guys and I'm trying, when I have answers I will give them. "Know that he was home surrounded with his girls. He was not alone. We were with him. He will always be with us. "Please keep our family in your prayers. We will need them now more than ever. "I'm sorry if none of this makes sense. I can't make sense of anything right now. "Derek loved you all, please pray right now, talk to him up in heaven, let him know how much he is missed." Services for Derek were planned to be held on January 28.  1923 airs on Sundays and Mondays on Paramount Plus.