Mark Francois tonight revealed that Tory Brexiteers will take at least two weeks to scrutinise Rishi Sunak's Brexit deal with an "extremely fine-tooth comb". The European Research Group (ERG) Chairman also warned that the process could take longer as the PM faces an anxious wait to see if Conservative Eurosceptics and the DUP back his agreement. The ERG is convening Sir Bill Cash's so-called "star chamber" of lawyers to examine the pact before deciding whether to get behind it. Speaking after an ERG meeting attended by around 50 MPs this evening, Mr Francois said: "I'm not going to go through everything that everybody raised, but quite a few topics were put forward that we've asked the star chamber to look at so. “One of the implications of that is that, is it is actually going to take a while to do this. This will not be an overnight job. It takes as long as it takes. “I think Sir Bill and his team if they can, would hope to have something within about a fortnight. “But if it takes longer than that, then it takes longer than that.” Tory MP David Jones added: “It’s going to take a week or two because it’s a complicated deal.” Former Chief Secretary to the Treasury Simon Clarke said: “We will obviously wait. There’s a lot of detail to wade through. We need to be thoughtful on how we approach this. “We need to get this sorted once and for all. There have been improvements but there are real questions on the practical implications and how it will work.” Former Cabinet minister Jacob Rees-Mogg, who was at the ERG meeting, echoed that it will take time for Tory Brexiteers to reach a verdict on the deal. He told GB News: "People are looking at the detail and that's important. We have learned from Maastricht that game, set and match may be more spin than reality. "That'll take time, it needs to be looked at thoroughly. They've issued dozens and dozens of pages of documents. The EU has issued documents that aren't entirely the same as the documents issued by His Majesty's Government." The Prime Minister finalised the Windsor Framework with EU chief Ursula von der Leyen yesterday in a bid to end years of tensions over the Northern Ireland Protocol. The deal removes barriers on trade across the Irish Sea and hands a "veto" to politicians in Stormont on EU law - but it still includes a role for the European Court of Justice. Mr Sunak gave a speech to the 1922 Committee of Conservative backbenchers earlier as he looks to shore up support. The PM, who arrived to sustained banging, is understood to have told colleagues he had "spent a lot of time" with DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson as he seeks to restore powersharing at Stormont. Mr Sunak said: "And I would just say one thing to you all – we should give him and the DUP time and space. "So let's not pressure them for an instant answer. "Let's also remember that the last thing the public wants is another Westminster drama." Steve Baker admitted Tory MPs are waiting with "bated breath" to see if the DUP backs the deal. The Northern Ireland Office minister also insisted the agreement is as good as it is going to get. Speaking after the 1922 Committee meeting, Mr Baker said: "I cannot see how we will get better than this ... this is the deal. "I'm really clear, there isn't a different deal available, this is what's been negotiated and it's good. "People are worried about the DUP but there's an earnest sense of relief and support. "I think we all believe he's done it, but now we just wait with bated breath to see if the DUP agrees." Conservative MPs have been told to prepare for a Commons vote on the deal in two weeks' time. The PM is understood to have decided to give MPs as much time as possible to allow them to study the document as he seeks to win over the DUP and Brexiteers. A senior member of the ERG told Express.co.uk: "I think that is very wise of the Prime Minister. We cannot rush this and he needs to give people time." Mr Sunak, on a visit to Northern Ireland earlier to sell the deal, said: "People need the time to engage with it, understand it, ask the questions. "We're going to give them that and answer the questions in the meantime, but I'm confident they will come to see this for what it is, which is I think a historic achievement that gets the balance right for Northern Ireland." 