Former Tottenham ace Sammy Winston has died at the age of 44. The ex-forward, who helped Spurs reach the final of the FA Youth Cup, became a fireman after hanging up his boots in 2009.   Winston started his career with the Tottenham academy and later joined Norwich as a trainee. He signed for fourth-tier side Leyton Orient in 1996, before enjoying a brief spell with Yeovil Town, where he bagged six goals in six games. Winston went on to play for a string of non-league teams, including Sutton, Kingstonian, Slough and Borehamwood, before winding down his career in 2009. “The club is saddened to learn the news of the passing of former player Sammy Winston, aged 44,” wrote Leyton Orient in a statement on Tuesday morning. “Everyone at Orient sends their deepest condolences to Sammy’s family and friends at this sad time.”   Meanwhile, Yeovil penned: “All at #YTFC are deeply saddened to hear of the passing of former player Sammy Winston. Sammy joined the Glovers in 1997 from Leyton Orient. We send our condolences to his loved ones.” Fans were quick to pay their tributes to Winston on Twitter, with @Parms11 writing: “One of my old @YTFC team-mates, I am genuinely in shock. An absolute diamond of a person and will be sadly missed. Thoughts with his family. RIP Sammy x.” BrisbaneRdPaul penned: “A real gent & a real life hero having joined the fire service after his playing career. He was still playing charity matches for an Arsenal legends side which includes Joe Baker his old Os team mate. RIP Sammy” And @Gallifrey5 added: “RIP Sammy. Watched you play for Chesham United back in the day!”   MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football. Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. 