Everton manager Sean Dyche has been dealt a transfer blow with midfielder Isco reportedly set to sign for an unnamed MLS club. The five-time UEFA Champions League winner is said to have snubbed a move to Goodison Park during the January transfer window. According to Estadio Deportivo, the former Real Madrid star is close to agreeing on a deal to join MLS in what will be the latest high-profile signing for the American top-flight. It is currently unknown which franchise will land the Spanish international. AS had recently reported that Isco is "dreaming" of a move to America having failed to join Bundesliga side Union on deadline day, with the blue side of Merseyside also being snubbed by the midfield maestro. While the Toffees got off to the perfect start under their new manager Sean Dyche with a 1-0 win against Arsenal, Isco would have been a welcome signing for the Premier League strugglers. It does now appear, though, that a move to MLS is now on the verge of being completed for the 30-year-old. Isco was released by Sevilla at the start of the year having failed to impress with the La Liga giants. With the playmaker now seemingly in the twilight of his career, a move to a top club in MLS could be an ideal transfer for the former Malaga superstar. The MLS has proven to be a great league for European players looking to recapture their love for the game in recent years. There are just two and a half weeks until the 2023 MLS season starts, but two and a half months until the Primary Transfer Window closes (April 24). Another player who could be on their way to the US is Chelsea's wantaway forward, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. It seems a move to MLS outfit Los Angeles FC is on the cards, with the club looking for a replacement for the recently retired Gareth Bale. The former Arsenal man only joined Chelsea in September, but after Todd Boehly spent a staggering amount on new players in the January window - Aubameyang has found himself pushed down the pecking order. The Gabon international has already played for two different teams this season, making one appearance for Barcelona in August, before joining Chelsea shortly after. FIFA say that players can only play for two teams in one season, but the MLS provides a convenient loophole for Aubameyang, as its 2023 campaign is considered an 'overlapping season', due to begin this month.