Manchester United are currently preparing for Sunday’s crunch Premier League clash with Leicester. And, as ever, news about the Red Devils is coming thick and fast. Express Sport now takes a look at some of the biggest stories coming out about the club as they look to continue their attempts to win a first league crown since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Back in November, the Glazers confirmed they were open to selling United - not too long after being publicly criticised by Cristiano Ronaldo. However, if no bidders meet their asking price, The Athletic say the Americans are prepared to keep control of the club. That, certainly, will worry fans. Many supporters have long loathed the Glazers, who previously purchased the club back in 2005. The Americans would, without a doubt, see their reputation stoop to a new low if they were to keep hold of United - especially given their previous statement. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract Alejandro Garnacho is considering a U-turn when it comes to his international future. The Mirror say the Argentine is weighing up whether to play for Spain, who are hoping he makes the switch. Garnacho was reportedly left ‘disappointed’ after Argentina overlooked him for the recent World Cup in Qatar. And Spain are ready to give him international football right away as they look to put youth at the forefront of their project. Garnacho, Pedri and Gavi would all be key players as they look to get back to challenging for the biggest trophies on offer once again. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Mason Greenwood has held secret meetings with some of his United team-mates after charges were dropped against him. That’s according to The Scottish Sun, with a source saying: “He’s reached out to some of the United players - some of them he’s known since his academy days. “They’ve met up with him in private to hear him out so they can make their own mind up.” And a different source added: “There is a level of sympathy for someone who is innocent in the eyes of the law and a long-standing team-mate. “But the players are absolutely focused on keeping this juggernaut on the road.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Wout Weghorst has recently been used in a No 10 role by United. And, speaking to club media, he explained Erik ten Hag’s decision by saying: “Yeah, that was really in my younger days, to be honest! I think I was like 17 or 18 at the time, playing still as an amateur in the Netherlands but no, he mentioned it to me [at Leeds] at half-time that it could be an option to do some tactical switches. “It happened in the second half and it went good for myself. It was actually new and the first time I’d played there but I quite liked it. “The most important thing for me is to help the team. It helped us to win the match over there, doing also my defensive work. “I took it on and, especially for the first time, I think I can be happy with it.” Though United are ticking along well at present, Ten Hag has challenged his players to continue their recent improvement. “The doubts are always there but the players have to take responsibility that they are ready no matter what the team,” he said. “We have to play the way we want to, but respect them (Leicester) because they are a good opponent. “I cannot look at what I thought the expectations would be so far. “What we always want is to be a better version of ourselves every day, every game and that’s what we are working for. “We don’t know or think of where we will finish. I only think about the next game and about improving our way of playing. “We don’t look so far ahead. We just want to be better versions of ourselves and then see where it takes us at the end of April.”