Toto Wolff has revealed Mercedes have had their “first chat” with Lewis Hamilton over his new F1 deal. However, the Austrian stressed there was no deadline in place on when the seven-time champion could put pen to paper. Hamilton’s current contract runs to the end of 2023 but the Briton has admitted he was after a “multi-year” extension. There were fears discussions had stalled after Hamilton admitted negotiations had not yet begun late last year. However, Wolff silenced fears after the launch of Mercedes W14 as he revealed discussions were now underway. He told Autosport: “We’ve done a few of these contracts in the past, and they change little from iteration to iteration, so it’s not usually complex apart from the obvious terms. “We’ve had a first chat. But I don’t want to commit to any timeline, because it’s not important for him nor for us at that stage. It runs a full year, and we’re going to find the right time.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton fires warning to Mercedes team-mate George Russell Wolff had previously claimed a new deal would be struck with the Mercedes star over the winter as both sides were keen to maintain the partnership. Last Autumn, Hamilton revealed he intended to stay with the Silver Arrows for the rest of his career. This was backed up by Wolff who admitted Hamilton was “much more than a driver” to the German manufacturer. The Mercedes team principal suggested that any new contract could include details about Hamilton’s post-F1 future including ambassadorial roles. Since then, no further details have emerged with Mercedes rubbishing claims Hamilton was on the verge of signing a £62million a season contract. When pushed on the issue, Wolff denied that Hamilton’s contract talks were “dragging on”. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton vows he'll do 'what's necessary' to beat Max Verstappen [COMMENT]George Russell declares personal goal for 2023 at Mercedes launch [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton admits trying to spy on Red Bull and Ferrari  [ANALYSIS] He added: “We’ve always found good solutions that reflect his value for the team and for the sport, and on the other side, I think Mercedes is the place he wants to be. These things have never been a contentious point. Within us, it was no problem to sort things out over the winter before actually going racing, because it was always clear they were going to do that. “It’s almost not like a first priority in sitting down, because this is going to be a journey that will continue.” Hamilton appeared optimistic over Mercedes' chances for 2023 despite struggling last season. He commented “We mean business'. I'm excited to go racing again. I feel calm, energised, and have my focus sharpened. I'm ready to do what's necessary to win."