Rishi Sunak's cabinet appears to be in open civil war over plans to agree a compromise deal with the EU over the latest fraught Brexit negotiations. Home Secretary Suella Braverman stoked the flames of internal Tory conflict on the issue by coming out in support of the position set out by Boris Johnson over the weekend. An ERG source told the Daily Express Ms Braverman's intervention shows there are "serious cabinet tensions". They added: "No surprise when you don’t keep even them in the loop. Sunak obviously gone to the school of May in how to run a government!" Ms Braverman's intervention has come just 24 hours after Leader of the House Penny Mordaunt described Mr Johnson's comments as "helpful" in an interview with the BBC's Laura Kuennsber, adding "there's still a lot to be done" to secure a deal over the Northern Ireland Protocol. Mr Johnson had called on the Government to stick with the Northern Ireland protocol bill. Ms Braverman agreed. She said: "The legislation that the government introduced is one of the biggest tools we have in solving the problem on the Irish Sea 'It's clear and it's right that the PM is committed to finding a pragmatic solution to resolve these issues." A source close to Mr Johnson said it was his view that "it would be a great mistake to drop the Northern Ireland protocol bill". But a senior Tory source hit out at the intervention, suggesting it was hypocritical. They said: "Boris warning the government not to do exactly what he did to get a good deal with the EU is very Boris." What do you think? Join the debate in the comments HERE.  The Daily Express last week revealed that Mr Johnson was planning the intervention over the Protocol, with a source telling the paper: "It won't be all guns blazing, it will be classic Boris. He won't go out and say the UK has been betrayed, he'll be a lot more clever than that."It will be like: 'Rishi, I know you can get a better deal', while also being out there scheming behind his back."The Conservative party insider claimed that Mr Johnson will "then come out swinging" if Mr Sunak doesn't deliver, using the issue as a "springboard" to improve his own standing within the Conservative party."Boris is waiting for the local elections in May, but this issue is the perfect springboard for what he wants", the source explained.Over the weekend, former Chancellor George Osborne told Andrew Neil on Channel 4 that Mr Johnson "is interested in becoming Prime Minister again", claiming "he wants to bring down Rishi Sunak and he will use any instrument to do it."The UK has been locked in talks with the EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol, which has caused severe delays and shortages, since October 2021. READ MORE: Sunak's Belfast 'plan' has left loyal Brexiteers with more questions Mr Sunak held crunch talks in Belfast last week, before meeting with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference over the weekend.While Downing Street and EU leaders are thought to be edging closer to an agreement, there are concerns that the deal will allow the European Court of Justice to maintain a role in policing the deal.This has been met with anger from members of Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party and the right wing of the Tory party.The Conservative Party insider warned: "The ERG is wound up. The Boris faction is licking their lips." DON'T MISS May's former deputy PM ousted as Tory members take revenge for Boris [REVEAL] Sunak's Belfast 'plan' has left loyal Brexiteers with more questions [INSIGHT] POLL: Is Boris right to intervene in Rishi Sunak's Brexit talks? [REACT] Speaking to Sky News this morning, DUP MP Sammy Wilson warned: "So far what we have had is some tinkering with the protocol, but the fundamental issue of the protocol is that northern Ireland is now separated from the rest of the UK. That's impacted on the union and we've found ourselves economically disadvantaged."He warned that if Northern Ireland continues to remain inside the single market under the renegotiated protocol, the DUP would continue its boycott of the Stormont Assembly, which has been ongoing since February 2021.Mr Wilson said: "We believe that such an arrangement is designed to take us out of the United Kingdom".The MP explained: "We would have to agree EU laws which diverge from UK laws, and in doing so would separate our own country from the rest of the UK. We're British, and we expect to be governed by UK law, not EU law."