Rishi Sunak is gearing up for a full-blown revolt by hardcore Brexiteers as he pushes for a deal with Brussels today amid concern that he is planning to ditch key legislation to push a Brexit deal over the line. The Prime Minister has been warned against any attempt to deploy King Charles to “schmooze” Brussels in the days to come as part of a charm offensive which one former MP branded “pathetic”. Mr Sunak today indicated his willingness to pull the plug on the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, which is intended to enable his Government to suspend parts of the controversial mechanism for preventing a hard border on the island of Ireland, which unionist critics claim has resulted in a border down the Irish Sea instead. Brexit stalwarts are believed to be deeply uncomfortable at the prospect, with junior Northern Ireland minister Steve Baker understood to be considering his position after apparently being excluded from talks. Writing in the Telegraph, Mr Sunak insisted the bill, introduced during the tenure of predecessor Boris Johnson, had been necessary to apply pressure on the EU. However, ignoring Mr Johnson’s advice last week that pulling the plug would be “a great mistake”, he explained: “For as long as the European Union refused to reopen negotiations on the protocol itself, this Bill was the only way forwards. I have no doubt it helped to create the conditions where the EU have been prepared to engage constructively. “But my predecessors were also right to say this Bill was a last resort. Like them, I have always said a negotiated solution would be a better outcome.” Mr Baker, the former chairman of the European Research Group of eurosceptic Tory MPs, was the “ultimate man of principle”, one friend explained, adding: “If it’s not good enough, I would be surprised if he just accepted it.” Another insider said: “I don’t see why he would stay in a Government that doesn’t deliver on Brexit – that’s the same as anyone in Government.” Nevertheless, Express.co.uk understands there is no indication Mr Baker has imminent plans to quit. JUST IN: Zelensky's army gears up to liberate Crimea in new spring mission  One ERG source said its members had been frozen out of talks, saying: “All this cloak and dagger stuff surrounding the ‘deal’ suggests the Government are not very confident about the actual contents.” Another told Express.co.uk: "I would not expect the ERG to be involved in negotiations, but to be kept informed. "We have had discussions at senior levels." Similarly, the Democratic Unionist Party is also on the outside, with one insider saying: “It’s a strange way of approaching a political problem – only involve the people that you want to persuade at the very last minute, and then don’t let them see the details so they can decide for themselves their own tests?” The DUP, which is currently boycotting Stormont over its concerns related to the Protocol, has seven key tests which must be passed before its members will return to the assembly and re-enter into a power-sharing agreement. These include the removal of all checks on goods going from Great Britain to Northern Ireland and ensuring the European Court of Justice no longer has any saw on UK laws. Speaking last week Home Secretary Suella Braverman suggested she would not be happy with any perceived climbdown, telling GB News she could not support anything which would give the EU a “foothold in Northern Ireland” - although she subsequently downplayed suggestions that she might quit her post. DON'T MISS:Worrying satellite image from space shows the true extent of droughts [REPORT]HIV breakthrough as man cured of virus is third in the world [INSIGHT]Face of ‘lonely’ Stone Age boy brought back to life after 8,300 years [REVEAL] Meanwhile with the King set to visit Berlin and Paris next month, Mr Sunak has been warned by Jacob Rees-Mogg not to use the monarch for his own narrow political ends. The former Leader of the House of Commons, also a former chairman of the ERG, said: “Of course, the Government has a long-established and important role in advising the monarch on his major public engagements. “However, it would be wrong if Downing Street has applied pressure on the King to make his first overseas visit on the basis of its own transient political imperatives.” Another Brexit backer said: “Dragging His Majesty into this is a major misstep by No10. Remainers always went insane when there was any suggestion of the Royal Family being involved in Brexit. Now it seems to suit them to send him on an EU schmooze." Former Labour MP Kate Hoey, now Baroness Hoey of Lylehill and Rahtlin and herself a committed Brexiteer, tweeted: “How pathetic of 10 Downing Street to even think this might be a good idea. Really worrying that any officials around Rishi Sunak could have suggested this.”