Jeremy Hunt is running the risk of falling into a “doom loop” of stringent taxes following a slight positive uptick in economic indicators this morning, economists have warned. A report this morning saw the UK government earning a surprise surplus in its finances for this month, with a surplus reaching over £5billion. The news comes despite “substantial spending” from the government to help with energy bills and EU payments. In the highest self-assessed income tax receipts since records began in 1999, the UK’s coffers experienced a £5.4billion surplus this month. This came as a result of a deficit that was £22 billion lower than the Office of Budget Responsibility’s forecasts. However, while he told Express.co.uk these results were “clearly good news”, Julian Jessop, Economics Fellow at free market think tank the Institute of Economic Affairs, said: “The problem is that when we actually look at the numbers that were used for the budget, they're likely to include rather weaker growth numbers over the next few years. “And so the OBR will say, well, the public finances are in a worse state than we thought, therefore, we can't afford to tax capital spending increases, which is, I think, exactly the opposite way around. You do want to cut taxes when the economy is weak in order to boost it.” Mr Jessop warned the UK was in a “doom loop of a rising tax burden, a weaker economy and deteriorating public finances.” He said today’s announcement may lead the government to draw the “wrong conclusions” and “double down” on their current strategy, concluding: “If the Treasury takes the OBR's grim forecast for economic growth as gospel and refuses to cut taxes, the doom loop will continue.”  The economist insisted the UK ought to be cutting taxes to improve its growth, saying: “For me the question is which taxes should we be cutting and why - not whether or not we should be.” Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will set out his plans for tax and spending on March 15. Sky’s Ed Conway explained how, based on today’s results, the Chancellor could use the opportunity to cut tax. He said: “Now, the past few years have been notable for big spending, to the extent that it's quite easy to forget the significance of figures like this, but what it's worth, £30bn is a big number - enough to finance a 5p cut in the basic rate of income tax. Or plenty of other things too.” But Rishi Sunak’s spokesman has indicated the surplus did not mean tax cuts would be announced at the Budget. The spokesman said: “We shouldn't place too much emphasis on a single month's data. Borrowing remains at record highs and there is significant uncertainty and volatility, both clear risks to the fiscal position.” READ MORE: Hunt told stop trying to get retired back into work [REVEAL] The surprise surplus also limits the government’s claim that it cannot afford the wages of striking teachers and doctors. Mr Jessop said Mr Sunak’s argument here had been “weakened” by today’s figures, saying: “Yes, today’s figures are a reason why there's more room for tax cuts and also more room for targeted spending increases. There's clear evidence of problems of recruitment and retention.” The economist said he wouldn’t do it “across the board” but in “particular areas where there are particular shortages”. Michal Stelmach, senior economist at KPMG UK, also said this could "tempt the chancellor to offer a pay increase to public sector workers as part of his Budget next month", while Mr Conway said: “The idea that he couldn't afford these public sector pay increases is considerably weaker in the face of these figures.” Mr Jessop added: “Frankly, I think the government should do that anyway. The same way a decent private sector employer would pay people more if they couldn't recruit enough people.” DON'T MISS: Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [REVEAL]Greta Thunberg demands economic overhaul to save world in new book [INSIGHT]Four words would let Jeremy Hunt boost pensions, save NHS and cut tax [ANALYSIS] This afternoon the Royal College of Nursing and the Department of Health released a joint statement, confirming they would be reigniting discussions about their ongoing pay dispute - a move that has already been viewed as a climbdown by Mr Sunak. Mr Hunt has highlighted however that debt was still at the highest level since the 1960s. He added: "It is vital we stick to our plan to reduce debt over the medium term. Getting debt down will require some tough choices, but it is crucial to reduce the amount spent on debt interest so we can protect our public services." According to the Office for National Statistics, the government tends to take in more tax than it spends in January due to the amount it receives in self-assessed taxes. But most economists had expected borrowing to rise this January due to the large amount being spent by the government on supporting households with their energy bills. This help includes limiting the average household energy bill to £2,500, although this will increase to £3,000 from April due to the high cost of the support.