Two of tennis’ Grand Slam tournaments in Wimbledon and the French Open will now allow players to be coached from the stands. It is a move that will divide opinion among pundits and fans. The Telegraph has reported that the premier grass and clay court events Wimbledon and the French Open were the last to join the rest of the tennis tour to introduce the rule. The All-England Club, home to the most traditional event in tennis - Wimbledon, were previously against the idea of allowing players to take advice from the sidelines. Then chief executive Richard Lewis told ESPN in 2017: “We are philosophically very against. We believe it is a gladiatorial sport, an individual sport; you go on court and the whole premise of tennis is that you are on your own.” But Wimbledon have reportedly backtracked on this stance – which means that last summer’s Grand Slam will probably go down as the final elite event where players were left to their own devices on court. This will be music to the ears of world No3 Stefanos Tsitsipas, a long time advocate for on-court coaching, who's clocked up several coaching warnings due to speaking to his coach and father Apostolos. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu handed Indian Wells Masters wildcard after Brit drops to world No 80 In an effort to closely monitor him, at the 2022 Australian Open, the tournament posted Greek official Eva Asderaki in the tunnel under the player box to pick up any dialogueo. In the controversial 2018 US Open final, Patrick Mouratoglou pushed his hands forwards, to suggest that his then client Serena Williams should come to the net more often against Naomi Osaka. Williams didn’t realise that she was liable for her coach’s actions in the stands and she was left furious when chair umpire Carlos Ramos issued her with a code violation. With the rule now in operation throughout the entire tour, the likelihood of the above incidents occurring again are unlikely. However there was some controversy at this year’s Australian Open when runner-up Elena Rybakina insisted that she is happy with Stefano Vukov’s coaching methods following the furore about his communication methods at Melbourne Park. Vukov was perceived to be too aggressive with his instructions while his gestures were not preceived well by the likes of 2013 Wimbledon winner Marion Bartoli and doubles great and tennis commentator Pam Shriver. In an interview with Eurosport, the reigning Wimbledon champion explained why she defended her coach and also insisted that she is happy with him as her mentor. “Unfortunately, the internet is a big thing and someone can make a comment without thinking and then people just pick it up and make a mess,” she said. “A few people made some comments; they don’t know me at all, and they don’t know my team, which I was really surprised by because if there are any problems, you can always come and talk with me directly. But people decided to post it on the internet so I kind of showed the reality, that everything is fine and everybody needs to stay in their places and not mix up.”