Paris Saint-Germain are ‘furious’ with Chelsea over their failure to send the requisite paperwork to complete the loan signing of winger Hakim Ziyech, according to reports. Ziyech was due to join the French champions on deadline day but the Blues are now accused by PSG of sending the incorrect paperwork on three separate occasions. PSG made an appeal in a last-ditch attempt to sign the Morocco international but the French governing body, LFP, have blocked the move. Ziyech was due to join the Ligue 1 giants for the remainder of the season but will now return to Stamford Bridge. That is according to the Evening Standard, who report that Ziyech now returns to Chelsea way down the pecking order under Graham Potter. The Blues' mega-spending hierarchy strengthened Potter's wide options during the January transfer window, and Ziyech will find his game time limited by the likes of Mykhaylo Mudryk and Noni Madueke. The former Ajax star has started just four of Chelsea's 21 Premier League matches so far this season, although two of those came in their most recent games. His only chance of a reprieve would be for a Turkish club to offer a loan switch, given their transfer window remains open. Chelsea had been hoping to balance their squad with several departures on deadline day but Potter now finds himself scrambling to accommodate Ziyech. The former Brighton boss welcomed Mudryk and Madueke in January and both are expected to play more frequently than the Moroccan World Cup star. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea 'unveil' Enzo Fernandez, Man Utd late dealChelsea fail to file Hakim Ziyech paperwork as PSG weigh up appealChelsea transfer window review - Record Fernandez deal and £300m spent Midfielder Jorginho departed in a £12m switch to Premier League leaders Arsenal on deadline day. There was also interest in Conor Gallagher but the former Crystal Palace loanee did not want to leave for Everton or Newcastle. The outgoings are an attempt to balance the huge spending since Todd Boehly’s consortium purchased the club last May. Chelsea have now spent £550m with the American in charge, with nearly £300m of that outlay coming in January. Enzo Fernandez’s arrival from Benfica for a British transfer record of £107m was confirmed on Wednesday morning. The Argentina midfielder became the eighth arrival of the winter window.