Even if you clear your drains regularly, an amalgamation of soap scum, hair, body oils and other products can sometimes lead to an unpleasant blockage. While there are products available to clear blocked drains, these aren’t always effective, can be expensive and can leave behind a strong scent. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their effective and natural hack for clearing blocked shower drains. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Karen Swann posted: “Hi can anyone recommend a product to clear the blocked drain in my shower? READ MORE: ‘Outdated’ kitchen features to 'avoid' or risk devaluing your home “I’ve tried many products but they only seem to last a week and then it gets blocked up again and it gets expensive and tiresome when I have to keep repeating.” The post was inundated with responses but the most popular suggestion to use white vinegar and bicarbonate of soda. Yvonne Smith said: “Did you try bicarbonate of soda and vinegar? Sprinkle baking soda the pour in the vinegar.” Jane A Mills replied: “Unscrew the plate and pull the hair out, then use white vinegar and baking soda then hot water. Also, use a plunger.” Tracy Stancer commented: “I’ve always used bicarbonate of soda and vinegar if it's blocked a lot. I use quite a lot and leave it in longer before pouring boiling water down there.” DON'T MISS‘Effective’ homemade weed killer that ‘stops weeds returning’ [INSIGHT]Houseplant expert shares how to ‘encourage’ orchids to ‘repeat bloom’ [UPDATE]Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ [ANALYSIS] Rachel Radford posted: “Pour bicarbonate of soda down there followed by white vinegar. Let it fizz away and then pour a kettle of boiling water down there.” Gail Wilkinson agreed and wrote: “Bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar. Let it soak then run hot water through.” White vinegar and baking soda can be bought online or from most local supermarkets. DriPak Pure White Vinegar costs £1 from Wilko. The product claims to be a “multipurpose spray for cleaning, laundry and descaling”. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs 97p from Asda and Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray costs £1.50. According to Wilko, their white vinegar spray “really does work wonders” and contains “no nasty toxic chemicals or unwanted fumes”. READ MORE: Steps to ‘breathe life back’ into flat carpets this spring Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Duzzit Baking Soda costs £1.29 from Savers, Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda costs £1.75 and Cooks' Ingredients Baking Powder costs £1.40 from Waitrose. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using cola, hair removal cream, a sink plunger, a hair catcher, a coat hanger, Mr Muscle Drain Cleaner and using shower gel instead of a bar of soap. Linda Loch said: “Try a bottle of cola. Give the coke a try.” Rose Carolan replied: “A tube of hair removal cream down the drain then follow about half an hour later with boiling water.” Helen Wright suggested: “I use a sink plunger. Turns out my shower blockage is actually an airlock.” Debbie Lisle commented: “Remove the cap, put a coat hanger straight it with a hook at the end. “It will be hair clogging it up. Hanger will pull it out and will then run clear. If not, then it must be an outside pipe blockage.” Tomme Da replied: “Order yourself a hair catcher. Nothing is going to clear it long term until you sort the root cause.” Mary Smith posted: “What about Mr Muscle drain cleaner? It cleans sink plug holes why not shower?” Rob Butler Karen Lewis wrote: “I found using shower gel instead of a bar of soap helps a lot.”