The race to replace Nicola Sturgeon is wide open with three candidates confirmed in the contest. Health Secretary Humza Yousaf is the favourite to win in a fight with Finance Secretary Kate Forbes and Edinburgh East MSP Ash Regan. The contest has already been marred with controversy with attacks on Ms Forbes Christian beliefs. The Finance Secretary is a member of the Free Church of Scotland - known as the Wee Frees - and has made it clear that her strong ethical views would see her oppose gay marriage while she believes trans women are biological men. She has also said she thinks having children out of wedlock is wrong. However, she insisted that "in a liberal society" different ethical views should be able "to sit alongside each other." Meanwhile, Mr Yousaf, a Glasgow MSP who has served as a minister for 11 years, has tried to capitalise on her problems by becoming the frontrunner in the contest. He said that his Muslim faith had not prevented him from supporting issues like gay marriage even though the religion is against it. But Unionist politicians have dubbed him "captain calamity" and made it clear that he is the one they would most like to win. A senior SNP figure, who is backing Ms Forbes also told Express.co.uk: "If he [Yousaf] wins we will be wiped out at the next election." Mr Yousaf has been pilloried for his record including as Health Secretary where his time in office has seen two-year NHS waiting lists, and life expectancy in Scotland dropping while the country has become the drugs death capital of Europe. Previously as transport minister, he was fined for driving without insurance. READ MORE: SNP's rivals want Humza Yousaf elected to replace Sturgeon As Justice Secretary, he made a speech claiming Scotland was "too white". Meanwhile, Ms Regan, the outsider, resigned from Ms Sturgeon's government over the controversial Gender Recognition Bill which would have allowed rapists identifying as women to go to female jails. The legislation was eventually blocked by the UK Government in never before used powers. While Mr Yousaf is the "continuity Sturgeon candidate", Ms Regan offers a fresh start and would invite those who left the party to join Alex Salmond's Alba to return. She has also called on Ms Sturgeon's husband Peter Murrell to stand down as the party's chief executive over Police Scotland investigations into corruption. In an open letter to members, she has taken a hard line on independence making it clear that if pro-independence parties win a majority of seats in an election then they would start negotiations to separate Scotland from the UK. She vowed to "put this on line one of our manifestos." But the nominations come as two polls have revealed that Sturgeon's departure has wiped away the party's support. The Techne UK poll for Express.co.uk revealed for the second week running that support for the SNP had dropped by a quarter. A Savanta ComRes showed a third of voters were less likely to back the SNP without Sturgeon. Meanwhile, another Techne UK poll for Scotland in the Union gave remaining in the UK a 10-point lead. Excluding don’t knows, the poll indicates a 55 percent to 45 percent advantage for "no". Overall only 14 percent were undecided. Michela Morizzo, Chief Executive of Techne UK, said: “Despite the month’s dramatic changes in the politics of Scotland, there has – so far – been little change in the appetite for independence among Scottish voters. “A 55-45 advantage for the ‘no’ campaign in our poll indicates that, over eight years on from the referendum, the result today would be almost exactly the same as it was in 2014. “The challenge for the SNP, and those who support independence, has to be that if the popular Nicola Sturgeon could not move the dial, do any of her potential replacements have the capacity to do so? “The challenge for those who support the Union is that one in seven Scottish voters continue to say they are undecided, and fresh impetus from a new First Minister could have an impact. “We are entering a new phase in Scottish politics and the independence debate, and it remains to be seen what happens next.”  Pamela Nash, chief executive of Scotland in Union, said: "The three candidates for SNP leader have made it clear they will campaign on independence and little else. “But they forget the role is to be First Minister for all of Scotland. “If they want to do a good job of that, they have to take separation off the table. “Repeated polling has made it clear the people of Scotland want the Scottish Government to focus on what really matters: the NHS, education and the cost-of-living crisis. “It’s time for the people’s priorities, not the SNP’s.”