Big-hearted Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl slaved away at the barbecue for 16 hours in a bid to provide a feast for 450 homeless people. His charitable effort was in support of Los Angeles-based charity Hope of the Valley and the residents of their shelters. While the Foo Fighters track 'My Hero' played in the background, Dave was filmed cooking on the streets of LA, telling viewers they planned to be out all night until their meals were complete. According to TMZ, Dave funded the feast entirely, making sure that those in need wanted for nothing. The large spread included ribs, pork, beef brisket, beans and a selection of vegetables. In a mammoth effort which saw Dave declared "the nicest guy in rock 'n' roll" by one of his 1.1 million Instagram fans, he is even said to have slept in the car park so that he didn't miss valuable cooking opportunities. READ NOW: EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours Rowan Vansleve, who runs the not-for-profit Hope of the Valley charity initiative, had been organising a run to raise funds for the homeless when he received a phone call from Dave. "And in the middle of our 350 mile run to end homelessness, we got the coolest video ever from Dave Grohl, of the Foo Fighters," he exclaimed in excitement. He continued in his Instagram caption: "Not only did he wish us luck, but he cooked for hundreds of people who live in our shelters in the middle of one of the worst storms." He concluded that he had "nothing but love and respect for Dave", and attached a video clip of the star beside him. "We're all in, man!" Dave announced in his distinctive American drawl, after talking of being "out here all night cooking". He also praised the team for the efforts during a 15-mile run and encouraged: "Tomorrow's another beautiful day" as their quest to raise funds continues. @marasca91011 wrote on Instagram in response: "Nicest guy in rock and roll and just an all around treasure. The world is a better and much cooler place because of David Eric Grohl" - and charity boss Rowan replied with a hearty "Amen!" @gigiliciousla added: "That’s the real Dave Grohl but you two are the real rock stars with what you are doing to remind us how lucky and privileged we are. And, how we need to focus on this issue and keep it top of mind and donate what we can." DON'T MISS... Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [REVELATIONS] Louise Minchin gave up sport 30 years ago over changing bodyshape [INTERVIEW] Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford share rare snaps with son on birthday [PICTURES]  Fans added their praise in a variety of languages as they piled their support onto the post. Dave rarely posts on Instagram himself, and has not addressed the charity effort on his own account yet, but it comes on the same day that the star's group announced a series of new shows in the USA. These will be among the first major shows since the tragic death of their drummer Taylor Hawkins last March, when the group lamented they would be a "different band" without him. In other saddening news, Dave recently admitted that spending years performing at rock concerts has left him "f***ing deaf". He has been relying on lip-reading to understand what others are saying, which left him especially vulnerable to confusion during the pandemic when most were wearing masks. He told Howard Stern on his radio show: "If you were sitting next to me right here at dinner, I wouldn't understand a f***ing word you were saying to me, the whole f***ing time. There's no way!" Dave added that he hasn't bothered to have his ears tested recently, as he believes he knows what he will be told. "Hearing damage tinnitus in [the] left ear, more so than [the] right ear," he predicted, before lamenting: "I wanna hear the audience in front of me."