Coronation Street's Dev (played by Jimmi Harkishin) and Bernie (Jane Hazlegrove) rekindled their romance after Bernie's doppelganger Fern Lindon (Gabrielle Glaister) stole her identity and committed crimes under her name. However, the couple's relationship could be on the rocks after the shop owner's jealous streak decides to make an appearance. Bernie recently stepped in after Dev’s golf partner let him down, and she proved to be unexpectedly good at the sport. However, in upcoming scenes, Bernie is furious when she hears from Chesney (Sam Aston) that Dev let her win at golf. After confronting him, Dev admits she was terrific and the team would be lucky to have her. Dev and Bernie later return from the golfing range where Gemma (Dolly-Rose Campbell) assumes Dev let her win again, but Dev concedes that Bernie’s a natural. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future At No.5, Bernie explains how the Ladies’ Captain reckons they’ll waive the membership fee and offer her a scholarship. Dev does his best to appear pleased for her, but can't help but feel jealous and left out after allowing her to go the first time. Noticing her father's behaviour in the shop, Asha (Tanisha Gorey) tells Dev he should be proud of Bernie’s golfing skills rather than jealous. If Bernie finds out what Dev feels about her success will she give up to make him happy? Or will his selfishness drive her away, ruining their relationship? Last year, Bernie narrowly escaped a prison sentence following Fern's robberies. To make matters worse, Fern tole Bernie's identity for her dastardly deeds to avoid any trouble, but Bernie eventually had to find proof of Fern's existence as the authorities struggled to believe she was innocent. However, Bernie is known for becoming addicted to things once she knows she has a natural talent for them. Will her golfing skills alienate her from the ones she loves? Could she cause more trouble for herself in the future? DON'T MISS...BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up [INSIGHT]BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah [LATEST]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [WATCH] Elsewhere in the cobbles, Damon Hay (Ciaran Griffiths) is set to make his grand "escape" from Weatherfield after his drug business is found out. Another delivery is taken at the Bistro, with Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) calling to confirm they are ready. However, before the collection can take place two masked men storm into the restaurant, pointing a gun at Ryan Connor (Ryan Prescott) and order him to hand over the stash. A terrified Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan) ducks under the table and rings Nick, who hears the gunshots from the street, fleeing with Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) and Damon to see what the commotion is. As the police are alerted to the danger, a handler and sniffer dog arrive on the scene. In the aftermath, Craig informs Leanne they've arrested two people they believe to be the gunmen and she tells Nick to dispose of the drugs. Nick stands up to Damon, who decides it's time he did a runner from Weatherfield. Coronation Street from Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.