Matt Jeffreys is a fitness coach who teaches people tips and tricks on living a healthier lifestyle through food on his TikTok account @mattjfit. He has recently discovered what he described as the “greatest air fryer hack of all time” as it allows more food to be cooked at the same time.  Matt began his video by explaining he had discovered the trick while cooking chicken and was amazed by the results. He said: “I do not mean to alarm anyone, but this is genuinely going to change your life.” The clever hack came after two million Cosori air fryers were recalled. He explained he had a Ninja air fryer, which has an additional small tray, and he discovered that placing the small tray on top of his food in the air fryer allows him to stack more food in it. Matt said: "This little tray thing, if you have got one of the new Ninja ones, or the other ones if they come with it, I think this is for like frying, you can just chuck it on top of the chicken and then you put more chicken on top, so it's like a double-decker bus of air fryers. "You'd assume that the chicken is all just going to get squashed and not get cooked. I actually can not believe it worked." READ MORE: 'Easy, quick, delicious' bacon air fryer recipe is 'the best' People in the comments were amazed by the idea, and one person wrote: “This is a good idea actually”. Someone else said: “Oh my God, genius!” Somebody else said that you can buy the small tray off Amazon if your air fryer does not have one, while someone else said the idea “works like a treat” as they do their stuffing on the bottom of the air fryer with their roast potatoes on the top. In the comment section, someone explained the proper use for the small tray, and said: “That rack is to allow air to circulate underneath the food you are cooking and to allow excess fat to drip underneath for healthier cooking.” DON'T MISS:Air fryer pancake recipe for 'fluffy pancakes' [REVEAL]Air fryer steak recipe with 'beef dripping flavoured' chips [REPORT]We tested an air fryer to see if we could save money on energy bills [INSIGHT] Nicole Jaques is another TiktToker who enjoys sharing easy recipes on her account @itsnicolejaques, and she has some additional advice for those wishing to make the most out of their air fryer. She explained in her video that some foods should never go in your air fryer as they will never cook properly. Nicole said: “If you have a recipe with a lot of cheese on top of an item, the cheese is going to melt before your item before your item is cooked, which will create a huge gooey mess.” Nicole said the trick was to add your cheese two minutes before your food is done cooking. She also explained that other foods such as rice will never cook evenly in an air fryer and that a rice cooker would be a much better option.  People in the comment section also thanked Nicole for her advice, as one person named Amber said: “Thank you, Queen! I am new and just got one, and I am so scared of making a big mistake - this just saved me.” Another commentator named Imogin also wrote: “I’ve just got my first air fryer tonight and hadn’t even considered the cheese thing so you’ve just saved me learning the hard way…thank you.” A third user named Maciek added that noodles were an additional food that should not go in an air fryer, as it “drys them out”. Nicole replied and said: “So true but I do like lasagna rolls in the air fryer as it gives them crispy edges.”