Brooklyn Beckham, 23, became the target of jokes online after he took to Instagram to share a new video of himself cooking. David and Victoria Beckham’s eldest child could be seen preparing a beef stew in his lavish kitchen in the clip shared in view of his 14.8 million followers. The sped-up footage was captioned: “Scouse soup x one of my favourite dishes.” But some online users appeared to be left less than impressed by the budding chef’s attempt as they took to the post’s comments section with their critiques. Nicola_steve_rochford said: “Scouse is not a soup. That what u have cooked is English hot pot/ stew. “If it were scouse it would be minced meat.” (sic) Phantom1969 added: “Carton stock? Don't get me wrong, I use it all the time, but a chef would never.” Rebsp1 chimed in: “Literally not scouse … all Liverpudlians rolling their eyes.” Npsweet_spice_bernie stated: “Did not wash the vegetables.” However, in a follow-up comment, Brooklyn clarified he had washed his ingredients before cooking them. He typed: “Yes I washed everything hahaha,” along with a red heart emoji. The aspiring photographer later added: “No onions because my wife isn’t a fan.” Brooklyn recently swapped Christmas with his parents for a festive weekend with his American in-laws, after marrying billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz in April last year. Nicola and Brooklyn chose to spend Christmas with her family in Florida, while the Beckham clan celebrated back in the Cotswolds. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star declares love for co-star as she bids farewell to soap [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] The loved-up couple were later joined by their superstar friend Selena Gomez for their New Year’s Eve celebrations. The three stars were snapped as they headed towards their car at the airport after touching down in Mexico for their festive getaway. They were spotted carrying some luggage as they walked out of the terminal. Brooklyn wore a white T-shirt and black trousers, accessorising with a black cap and shell necklace. Nicola donned an oversized grey hoodie and some dark sunglasses, while she kept her long brunette locks in a simple, straight, down-do. Selena, who has an extensive career as an actress and singer, sported a black hoodie, dark shades and carried a black handbag with a gold strap. The couple and their friend made their way towards their ride, which was parked outside awaiting their arrival before boarding a lavish yacht.