Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is torn between the signing of Harry Kane or Victor Osimhen this summer when the club intend to prioritise the capture of a new marquee centre-forward. It's the one area of United's team that is in need of improvement following the loan signing of Wout Weghorst, who has been drafted in on loan from Bestikas to bolster the club's striker options until the end of the season. But beyond that - providing the Red Devils seal Champions League qualification - they are expected to throw the chequebook at a new long-term solution in attack with two priority options on the table. According to The Telegraph, Ten Hag is now weighing up whether to push ahead with the signing of Kane or alternatively, Osimhen. Both are undoubtedly two world-class options but equally, they represent two very different profiles. Kane is a Premier League-proven striker who would probably guarantee a prolific goal output but on the flip side, he is 30 this summer. READ MORE: Sheffield Utd star Billy Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviour Even though the England captain is out of contract in the summer of 2024, Tottenham are unlikely to entertain the idea of selling Kane to United or any Premier League rival. Furthermore, Kane is thought to favour staying in north London with contract talks expected to take place at the end of the season. But if an agreement cannot be struck, Spurs could be forced to consider a sale which would leave the door open for United to pounce. In a sense, Kane would represent a Robin van Persie's-esque signing for United that prioritises short-term success. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesBenfica 'requested integral Chelsea midfielder' in Enzo Fernandez swap deal counter offerChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez Osimhen, meanwhile, is 24 and therefore has more years left than Kane at the top level. However, he is yet to play in the Premier League and Napoli are also expected to demand a premium for the Nigerian international. The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in 17 Serie A outings this term and he looks set to fire the Partenopei to the title. Should Napoli get over the line, his price tag will continue to skyrocket much to the delight of president Aurelio De Laurentiis. Chelsea are also said to be in the mix for Osimhen but he would fit their style of play perfectly if Ten Hag was able to finance a swoop. United are expecting to sell Anthony Martial at the end of the campaign to help fund a move for their new striker, whoever that may be. It is not currently clear whether Ten Hag will sign Weghorst on a permanent deal at the end of the season when he is due to return to Championship side Burnley. Clarets boss Vincent Kompany has already declared he intends to speak with the Dutchman at the end of the season before any final call is made on his future.