Lancashire Police have revealed that missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley had "significant issues with alcohol" in the past - and had even attended a report of concern for welfare at her home address 17 days before she disappeared. The service revealed the personal details after saying in a press conference today that Ms Bulley had "specific vulnerabilities" that made her a "high-risk" missing person.   A statement later added: "Nicola had in the past suffered with some significant issues with alcohol which were brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause and that these struggles had resurfaced over recent months." Referring to Ms Bulley's partner Paul Ansell, police said these issues "caused some real challenges for Paul and the family."  Police acknowledged that it was unusual for them to reveal such personal information about a missing person. However, they said they wanted to explain what they meant by referring to specific "vulnerabilities". READ MORE: Police break silence on five Nicola Bulley theories during update The statement said: "It is an unusual step for us to take to go into this level of detail about someone's private life, but we felt it was important to clarify what we meant when we talked about vulnerabilities to avoid any further speculation or misinterpretation. "We have explained to Nicola's family why we have released this further information and we would ask that their privacy is respected at this difficult time." Police also said they had attended her home a week before she went missing as a result of her issues with alcohol. They said: "A response car staffed by both police and health professionals attended a report of concern for welfare at Nicola’s home address on January 10." The force then added that "no one has been arrested in relation to this incident, but it is being investigated." Karen Shalev Greene, leader of the Missing Persons Research Group at the University of Portsmouth, told Express.co.uk that the new information highlights that the police have an "overall understanding of the context of [Nicola Buley's] life leading to her disappearance that the public does not." She added that "speculation by members of the public is understandable but unhelpful to the investigation and adds to the distress of the family."  According to the College of Policing, a missing person is regarded as high-risk if they are at risk of serious harm to themselves or the public and requiring the immediate deployment of police resources. In their press conference earlier today Lancashire constabulary said an unprecedented amount of work had gone into the case. However they maintained there was no evidence to indicate a crime had been committed. They remained clear that their "working hypothesis" that the 45-year-old fell into the River Wyre while taking her dog, Willow, for a walk on January 27 - although they were following a number of lines of inquiry, the force said. DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley was 'high-risk' due to 'a number of vulnerabilities' [REVEAL]Swimmers walk through river where police think Nicola Bulley vanished [INSIGHT]Nicola Bulley's family 'frustrated' with police as they launch search [ANALYSIS]  Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith also criticised social media speculation on the case. She said it had "significantly distracted the police", adding: "TikTokers have been playing their own private detectives. In 29 years police service, I have never seen anything like it. Some of it’s been quite shocking, and really hurtful to the family.” The detective, who is the senior investigating officer on the case, said they were "really, really grateful to members of the public for ringing in to the inquiry, we wouldn’t have gotten this far without everybody’s help. But I think it’s also really obvious that we are being inundated with false information, accusations and rumours which is distracting us from our work.” 