The popular drama show, which tells the story of a post-fungal-pandemic world, has generated impressive audience gains since its premiere on HBO and Sky Atlantic in January 2023. Fans will be pleased to know episode five of The Last of Us will be available to watch earlier than usual as HBO hopes to continue the impressive ratings by not going head-to-head with the Super Bowl. HBO has officially announced that the fifth instalment of its hit show The Last of Us will be released two days early, on February 10 at 9pm on HBO Max. This is believed to be because HBO wanted to avoid splitting the Sunday night slot with the Super Bowl. But for those who still wanted to watch The Last of Us linear premiere on HBO, the new episode is set to repeat on its original date, Sunday, February 12 at 9pm. Meaning fans will have to decide between watching the clash of the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles or the continuation of the post-apocalyptic storyline. READ MORE: The Last of Us’ Pedro Pascal admits he ‘forgot’ he was cast as Joel If fans wanted to wait to watch the apocalyptic drama on Sunday, then they run the risk of ruining the next chapter of Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and Ellie’s (Bella Ramsey) travels through Kansas City if they stumble across episode spoilers. The Last of Us has been gaining momentum with record-high ratings for HBO across its first few episodes. The premiere episode brought in a same-day audience of 4.7 million, which was the largest debut after House of the Dragon since Boardwalk Empire launched in 2010. Episode three continued the show's successful run with the audience being up 37 percent, with 6.4 million people tuning in across HBO Max and linear channels, and that was with the first half of the episode clashing with the AFC Championship on the east coast.  However, the Super Bowl reached different levels of viewers last year when 99.2 million people in the US watched the Rams vs Bengals encounter. The series is also capturing an even larger audience in delayed viewing, with the first two episodes averaging over 21 million viewers. But by releasing episode five early, HBO doesn’t have to rely so much on delayed viewing to engage with the show’s core audience. Last Sunday’s acclaimed third viewing, starring guests Nick Offerman and Murray Bartlett drew in a huge 6.4 million viewers. DON'T MISS:The Last of Us has introduced Henry to the HBO seriesThe Last of Us welcomes Yellowjackets star Melanie Lynskey this weekThe Last of Us' heartbreaking Bill and Frank episode bags HBO record The fourth episode ended on a cliffhanger, with Joel and Ellie being held at gunpoint. The Last of Us, based on the 2013 PlayStation game, takes place 20 years after modern civilisation has been destroyed. Joel, a hardened survivor, is assigned to smuggle Ellie, a 14-year-old girl, out of an oppressive quarantine zone. What starts as a small job soon becomes a battle of survival as fans watch the pair’s brutal journey across post-apocalyptic America.    The show has featured some big names so far including Gabriel Luna, Anna Torv, Nico Parker, Bartlett and Offerman as well as many more. Episode five is titled "Endure and Survive" and fans can find out what happens next after episode four’s "Please Hold to My Hand" cliffhanger ending. Following next week, The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO in the US and is available in the UK on Sky Atlantic NOW TV on Mondays.   