A UFO shot down by US fighter jets may have been a £10 foil balloon. The balloon flown by hobbyists in Illinois went missing on February 15, and could have been shot down by a high-tech missile worth around £335,000. The hobbyist balloon's last position was reported on February 10 when it was flying at almost 39,000 feet off the coast of Alaska. US fighter jets shot down a UFO in the waters of Alaska that very same day. The Northern Illinois Bottlecap Balloon Brigade (NIBBB) also told Aviation Week that the balloon was expected to fly over the Yukon Territory on February 11 - the same day US fighter jets shot down another UFO in the area. But Aviation Week reported that the hobbyists aren't blaming US fighter pilots for the mysterious loss of their $12 balloon. A tracker of the club's website shows their K9YO device launched on October 10 and circumnavigated the world six times before it went missing in action. According to a map of its flight path, the balloon last showed up on the south west coast of Alaska. The UFO shot down over the state on February 10 was mapped off the north coast. The group put a GPS transmitter on the balloon and tracked it with a radio. US fighter jets used $400k Sidewinder missiles to shoot down the three UFOs spotted over North American between February 10 and February 12. The first UFO was downed near Alaska on February 10, while the second was shot down over Canada on February 11. The third and final UFO was downed over Lake Huron. Speculation about the UFOs was rife as tensions mounted between the US and China over the earlier shooting of a suspected Chinese spy balloon over South Carolina waters. DON'T MISSThe spy balloon scientist pulling the strings in ChinaChinese spy balloons 'hinting at first strike’ on nukesUS and China already in Cold War as negotiations 'not plausible' But US President Joe Biden's administration has since downplayed the threat from the devices. Speaking at a press conference on Thursday, Biden said the three UFOs were not linked to Chinese spy balloons. He said: "Our military and the Canadian military are seeking the recovery of the debris so we can learn more about these three objects. Our intelligence community is still assessing all three incidents" Biden added: "We don't yet know exactly what these three objects were but nothing right now suggests they were related to China's spy balloon programme or that they were surveillance vehicles from any other country. "The intelligence community's current assessment is that these three objects were most likely balloons tied to private companies, recreation or research institutions studying weather or conducting other scientific research." Express.co.uk contacted the Pentagon for comment but did not receive a response by time of publication.