The Heaven is a Place on Earth hitmaker spoke with Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty about her career, admitting she has been singing and performing since she was 17 years old. During the chat, the BBC Breakfast presenter touched upon Belinda retiring after she briefly mentioned it at the beginning of the interview. "You said at the beginning, are you seriously thinking about retiring, as in stopping singing?" Charlie asked. "Well, yeah," Belinda replied. "I mean I thought I was winding down. "This tour that I am on right now, this is the third time that it has been scheduled. "So I thought well, you know, I've been doing this since I was 17, maybe it is time to slow down. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore "And I was planning on it, and then my son ran into Diane Warren at Starbucks. "And they called me and I just thought, 'do I really want to do this because it's a big commitment?' "You know, it's a year and a half or two years out of my life. "So when I went to the studio and heard the songs, I thought I would be so stupid to say no and I love the songs." Naga, who told Belinda she was a huge fan growing up, went on to ask what her son thought about having a famous mother. The pop star simply replied: "I've been doing this since I was 17 as I said with the Go-Gos and started out and then went on my own, so he's probably my biggest fan." After showing a clip from one of Belinda's first-ever music videos, she explained at the time she felt "it was a waste of time". "We had no money for that video," she said. "That was just on the cusp of MTV, so when we found [out about] that video we thought, 'This is a big waste of time. Why are we doing this? Like we could be shopping or doing something else'." DON'T MISS...Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [REACTION]22 Kids and Counting fans fume at Radford family's 'tone deaf' remark [VIDEO]Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [INSIGHT] Following the interview, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts about Belinda's appearance, with one branding the singer as "stunning". Other's aired their concern over the 64-year-old, with Gerry tweeting: "#BBCBreakfast Sad to see Belinda looking like that. A real shame." Thomas Boston wrote: " Belinda Carlisle looks great on #BBCBreakfast but wow how time flies. My first ever CD back in 1999 was her Greatest Hits (don't ask) and even then that was more than ten years after her biggest hits." (sic) While @doubltop shared: "#BBCBreakfast she looks like Amanda Holden." "Belinda Carlisle on #BBCBreakfast looks like a ventriloquist dummy," Robert Dixon noted. While @gothicvamp18881 added: "@belindacarlisle is on BBC News and she still looks stunning. I had all her CDs and had The Go Go's stuff as well." (sic) "You still look the same. Just a little wiser and with dark hair. Such a cutie," @tericitaheard7 complimented. Chris added: "What a treat it was listening to you on @BBCBreakfast." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.