Liverpool are in desperate need of a boost and Jurgen Klopp may have a chance to get just that with Arthur Melo playing his first match since September over the weekend. Liverpool looked devoid of any confidence and lacked ideas in the disappointing 0-0 draw with Crystal Palace on Saturday evening. Klopp changed things in midfield from the 5-2 thrashing at the hands of Real Madrid earlier in the week, with both James Milner and Naby Keita coming in for Stefan Bajcetic and Fabinho. But Keita once again struggled to impress with Liverpool lacking any real creativity in midfield. It's an area of the pitch that has plagued Liverpool all season long with players suffering from numerous injuries and a severe lack of form. Their struggles have further highlighted Liverpool's need for reinforcements in midfield and it's expected the club will make that a priority in the summer transfer window. But Klopp may not have to wait until that point to bring in someone who has played just 13 minutes of first-team football. Arthur was the man turned to on deadline day last summer as an emergency loan signing.  The move was initially heralded as smart business, but the deal so far hasn't worked out due to his long injury lay-off. But the Brazilian is now back to full fitness and played the full 90 minutes for Liverpool's Under-21s on Saturday in their 7-1 thumping of Leicester. Bobby Clark, Ben Doak, Billy Koumetio, Max Woltman and Layton Stewart all got on the scoresheet, but it was Arthur's display in midfield that would have caught the attention of Klopp. Liverpool play back-to-back home games against Wolves and Manchester United this week and Klopp is expected to change things up once again.  Thiago Alcantara is still some weeks away from returning and Keita's days at Anfield look numbered. Bajcetic appears to be the only midfielder who can hold his head up high following his emergence over the past few weeks. The Spaniard has been one of very few highlights for the Liverpool boss this season and may well come back into the side after dropping to the bench against Palace. But outside of Bajcetic, the midfield spots are arguably all up for grabs with Klopp relying on someone to make the place their own. It was this very reason Liverpool brought in Arthur on loan from Juventus for the season and matches against Wolves and United could be the perfect opportunity for Klopp to finally try out the Brazilian in the Premier League.