Vincent Aboubakar has revealed how Cristiano Ronaldo unsuccessfully attempted to block the Cameroon international striker's Al-Nassr departure, despite being the main reason behind his exit. The Saudi Arabian giants were backed into a corner after agreeing a lucrative contract with the 38-year-old which meant one foreign player had to leave the club to make room for the five-time Ballon d'Or winner. Aboubakar, who was on considerable wages, was the obvious choice as he had entered the final six months of his contract with Al-Nassr. Uzbekistan international Jaloliddin Masharipov was another alternative option but given Aboubakar's involvement was likely to become limited following Ronaldo's arrival, he was open-minded about a departure. But the decision was not taken likely by Ronaldo, who tried to convince the Besiktas frontman to stay, according to Aboubakar himself. "We talked a bit and his [Cristiano's] opinion was that he wanted me to stay - I told him no, that I will leave for family reasons," Aboubakar told Talents d'Afrique on Canal+. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light "He asked me where my family was, I told him 'they are in France and so I prefer to go to Turkey, it's closer'. "And he told me 'it's better, if your family is really far away, it's more complicated'. I was firm, I wanted to leave." Aboubakar also conceded that he was left "angry" by the situation as the termination of his contract in the Middle East took longer than anticipated. The 31-year-old had always been open to returning to Besiktas - for a third time -and has since penned a two-and-a-half-year deal in Istanbul. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race "I left a little angry because it was not easy," Aboubakar added. "When Cristiano arrived, Rudi Garcia called me into his office and told me that normally an international player has to leave, it's either me or Jaloliddin Masharipov, either me or Pity. "I told him that I already wanted to leave before and, honestly, as Cristiano was coming, my playing time would be reduced and it was better for me to leave. "I had offers, including one from Besiktas. They wanted me to stay until the end of the season. I said 'no honestly president I prefer to leave'. It was a bit complicated but finally they let me go." Aboubakar bagged 13 goals in 39 outings for Al-Nassr before returning to Europe in the closing stages of the January transfer window. He has since made four appearances for the Black Eagles, failing to find the net as his wait for a goal continues at Vodafone Park. Meanwhile, Ronaldo is off to a flier in Saudi Arabia having netted five times in three Saudi Pro League matches. The ex-Manchester United attacker recently struck his 500th career goal when netting four times in Al-Nassr's recent 4-0 win over Al Wehda.