Meghan, Duchess of Sussex once revealed she is a "sucker" for Valentine's Day. February 14 is likely even more special for her now that she gets to spend the time with her husband, Prince Harry, and their children, Archie and Lilibet. It appears that both Harry and Meghan are old romantics, as they have previously shared details of their first date which was a blind date in Soho. In addition, the Prince's low-key garden proposal was surrounded by electric candles. While Harry and Meghan are likely to spend the day in private, the former actress once shared her ideal Valentine's Day gifts. She wrote on her former lifestyle blog The Tig: "In terms of gifts, be it breakfast in bed, a sweet love note, or a single flower…it really is the thought that counts." READ MORE: Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others  Fans know that Meghan is very thoughtful when it comes to gifting, having sent everyone who contributed to the September issue of British Vogue she guest-edited in 2019, a leatherbound notebook and a handwritten note. When it comes to Harry and their children, fans know that Meghan favours personal touches. As shared in Harry's memoir, Spare, the Duchess wrote her husband a love poem after the birth of their daughter Lilibet in June 2021. From their Netflix series, Meghan could also be seen making a big fuss of their little ones on their birthdays.  The Duchess was seen making up an incredible balloon arch for Archie's special day, and organising a tea party in the garden at Frogmore Cottage to mark Lilibet turning one last year. Valentine's Day in 2021 was particularly memorable for the Sussexes, as they announced the news they were expecting their second child. It echoed Princess Diana's announcement of her pregnancy with Prince Harry, on Valentine's Day back in 1984.  Harry said once they shared news of the pregnancy, two people sent him a newspaper front page from that day which featured his mother announcing she was pregnant with Harry. READ MORE: Meghan Markle poured heart out on Valentine's Day: 'If I had my way'  "I was shocked," the Duke said in the Netflix documentary. "We had no idea. It was just a coincidence, or maybe not a coincidence." While the Sussexes are set to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary in May, Meghan once shared some uplifting advice for singletons on her blog, back in 2015. She wrote at the time: "I think you need to be your own Valentine.  "I think you need to cook that beautiful dinner even when it's just you, wear your favourite outfit, buy yourself some flowers, and celebrate the self-love that often gets muddled when we focus on what we don't have." In terms of the other members of the Royal Family, Kate Middleton has joked that Prince William is unlikely to buy her flowers for Valentine's Day this year. Kate, 41, made the quip during a tour of Kirkgate Market in Leeds, as she marked the start of her landmark project, Shaping Us. When Kate stopped at florist Neil Ashcroft's business, she admired his display of flowers. With Valentine's Day just a fortnight away at the time, he asked: "Will William be buying you some roses?" After presenting her with a bouquet of hyacinths, the stall holder said: "I suggested William will be buying her roses and she said, 'I don't think he will do'".  