Bodycam footage captures the moment police tell the man accused of killing five people, including a 24-year-old journalist and a three-year-old to "get on the f****** ground" and "face the floor" before they pin him down. The apprehended suspect is seen repeatedly screaming "I can't breathe" as police cuff him. Keith Melvin Moses, 19, was riding in a car with his cousin when he allegedly shot and killed another passenger before returning to the same neighbourhood near Orlando hours later on Thursday and shooting four more people, killing a journalist covering the original shooting and a nine-year-old girl, Florida police and witnesses said. Orange County Sheriff John Mina characterized the shootings Wednesday as random acts of violence. Mina said during a news conference that 19-year-old Keith Melvin Moses has been arrested and charged with first-degree murder in the initial shooting that killed Nathacha Augustin, 38, and that “numerous more charges” would follow. Spectrum News 13 identified the slain reporter as 24-YEAR-OLD Dylan Lyons. Photographer Jesse Walden was also wounded. Mina said Walden has been talking to investigators while being treated at a hospital. READ MORE: Journalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree as suspect smirks The two were in an unmarked news vehicle on Wednesday afternoon covering the first homicide when a man approached and shot them, Mina said. The man then went to a nearby home where he fatally shot T’yonna Major and critically wounded the girl’s mother. Officials have not released the mother’s name. Investigators do not know the motive for any of the shootings. Mina said Moses is a known gang member but that the shootings didn’t appear to be gang-related. It was not clear if Moses knew that two of the victims were journalists and the sheriff noted that their vehicle didn’t look like a typical news van or feature the station’s logo. DON'T MISSJournalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] The sheriff said when deputies arrested Moses they seized a Glock semiautomatic weapon that “was still hot to the touch, meaning it had just been fired, and there were no more rounds". Moses complained he was hurt and was taken to a hospital where he attacked medical staff, Mina said. He has since refused to speak with detectives. The Office of the Public Defender for Orange and Osceola counties, which is representing Moses, declined to comment. A man who called 911 after Augustin was shot told investigators that he was driving around smoking cannabis with her when he spotted Moses walking along a road. READ MORE: Woman and her dog die in fire after boyfriend 'locks them inside storage unit' He said Moses “seemed down” so he offered him a ride, according to an arrest affidavit. Moses climbed into the backseat, behind Augustin, and about 30 seconds later the driver said he “heard a loud bang” and saw blood on Augustin’s face. He said he stopped and Moses fled. The driver called 911. He told investigators that Moses and Augustin didn’t know each other and that he didn’t hear the two exchange any words before the shot was fired. Mina said Thursday that the driver and Moses are cousins. Deputies first went to the Pine Hills area, just northwest of Orlando, at around 11 am on Wednesday following reports that a woman had been shot. About five hours later, 911 calls began coming in from the same area, the sheriff said. Police found the journalists who had been shot being helped by a news crew from another station, WFTV. “I want to acknowledge the brave WFTV news crew who was there and witnessed the shooting and rendered aid to the victims until our deputies arrived,” the sheriff said. Lyons was born and raised in Philadelphia, and graduated from the University of Central Florida, the station said. Before joining Spectrum News, he worked for a station in Gainesville. “(Lyons) took his job very seriously. He loved his career. He loved what he did,” said Spectrum Sports 360 reporter and friend Josh Miller.