A newly published study on the final moments of Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 claims to have solved a "three-part riddle". The ill-fated flight - which disappeared on March 8, 2014 - is presumed to have crashed into the ocean, killing all its 227 passengers. A retired scientist has claimed to have uncovered a "riddle" relating to the plane's final resting place in “a deep hole about 1,500km west of Perth". Vincent Lyne, a former researcher at the Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies (IMAS) at the University of Tasmania, has disclosed his latest theory on the plane's final descent exclusively to Express.co.uk. He claims to have identified a 6000-metre-deep Penang Longitude Hole (PLH) beneath where the plane landed, into which debris has fallen. In his latest self-published paper, the researcher said a Pilot-in-Command (PIC) flight simulator for a Long-Range Boeing 777-200LR recovered by official investors shows a track that resembles but diverges from the "official track along the Malacca Strait". But he states that investigators did not attach an "official interpretation" to the track, which he suspects includes "hidden planning details" that fit in with his own Penang Longitude (PL) theory and, ultimately, "unsolved riddles". READ MORE: Aircraft door from crashed flight was used as couple's ironing board Mr Lyne wrote: "Here, I reflect, as part of the “scenario backlash” process, on the PIC track assuming that it may be a riddle with hidden planning details such that the start of the southward track (at the northern left turn) and endpoint obfuscate simulation of flight path intentions. "A three-part riddle was identified where the PL location, as the pivot point (Part 1), separated out a northern track (Part 2), and a southern track (Part 3). "With Part 1 solved, the Part 2 northern track length of ~5000 km optimally fits the PL theory predicted track length, if the southeast turn to the PL location occurs tightly near the south-west corner of the Jindalee Over-the-Horizon Radar Network (JORN) range (a critical core feature of the PL theory). "The Part 3 decoy southern track length (~1480 km) is precisely the same distance as the PL location to Perth Airport." "I conclude that Part 1 and 2 were related to the intended flight path, and that Part 3 was a diversion; simply because a PIC track with just Part 1 and 2 may have been enough to solve the riddle. "If this is indeed the resolution of the riddle, it is yet another confirmation added to the list of all valid evidence reconciled by the PL theory." Mr Lyne concluded that the "remaining unsolved riddles" include whether his "PL location is "indeed the very precise final resting place of MH370" and why search investigators "still insist" on searching near the "seventh arc". Since its disappearance in 2014, official investigators have used calculations to reduce MH370's location to a series of "arcs". The arcs are mapped communication "bursts" from the plane to geolocation satellites that officials have plotted over the earth. The plots create rings, which researchers distilled into seven arcs, allowing them to draw the plane's suspected final movements relative to satellites. The seventh arc is where MH370 is considered to have exhausted its fuel and descended into the ocean. The location pinpointed by the arc is in the Indian Ocean to the west of Australia. Mr Lyne concluded: "It is remarkable that the baffling straight simulator track could contain enough information to reveal precise details of the MH370 flight path. "And remarkable, if true, that anyone would mastermind such a plan and be able to execute it precisely as planned. "Words fail me. For now, we can only say that all evidence and new interpretations of discarded evidence point to MH370 lying in wait at the PL Hole." Mr Lyne's research is not affiliated with the University of Tasmania or IMAS.