Five decades after Tom Hanks made his big screen debut with a minor role in 1980 horror He Knows You're Alone, the career of Hollywood's favourite everyman, who never needed to Tinseltown his birth name of Thomas Jeffery Hanks, is stronger than ever. His new movie, dark comedy drama A Man Called Otto, has just passed $100million at the box office. The multi-Oscar-winning actor has been shipwrecked, battled through World War II landing beaches, battled AIDS and battled modern pirates on the high seas. He's romanced mermaids and bonded beautifully with a basketball. But, in a recent interview to promote his latest release, he revealed that his battles with one particular co-star left a traumatic scar that he can't shake over 30 years later. If you were to pick a film that took such a heavy toll on Hanks, it is likely most people would imagine it was creating harrowing scenes in dramas like Saving Private Ryan, Philadelphia or Captain Phillips. Surely, nobody woudl suspect that it is, in fact, Turner and Hooch that still haunts him. The 1989 film about police inspector Scott Turner, who was unwillingly paired with a giant, somewhat adorable, French mastiff, was a huge box office hit. It took $71million on a $13million budget but, unusually, there was never any significant talk at the time about making a sequel. Hanks' latest comments suggest he certainly would not have been happy about revisiting the extremely challenging shoot. There is, of course, a famous showbiz adage "Never work with children or animals", however, Hanks' experiences on Turner and Hooch sound like an entirely different level of suffering. He told Collider: "The thing that was exhausting about it was, it was just me and that dog every step of the way. It happened in real-time, and it happened over a number of hours, and my body was beaten to a pulp by the time we got to the end, and it was also full energy the entire time. "I had to be petrified of this dog at the same time I was commanding that dog. I don't know why. What year did we make that movie? I'll tell you, it was 33 years ago, and yet I still have tactile memories of how hard that shot was to get." DON'T MISS:Greta Garbo Marlene Dietrich 60-year feud: 'Secret lovers'John Wayne's brutal tradition on every film reduced co-star to tearsRalf Little spills on humiliating insult he delivered to Tom Hanks Talking about Turner and Hooch, which is back on UK TV screens this weekend, Hanks added: "The scene where I first get that dog in a collar, in a car, or attached to a car, it was ... Well, just go back and look at it. It was the most physical, exhausting, time-consuming thing. "And because it could only happen in the real world, this is not a moment of CGI to it, there's not a moment of a stuntman being involved in it. "It was just me and Beasley, who was the dog who was playing Hooch at the time, and it was steady cams, multiple, multiple versions of it." Hanks had already starred in the lightweight Big and Splash but the early 1990s saw his career transformed by Sleepless in Seattle, Philadelphia, Forrest Gump and Toy Story. He wouldn't return to Turner and Hooch. Various false starts included a failed 1990 TV pilot starring Thomas Francis Wilson (Biff from the Back to the Future films) in the iconic Hanks role. Last year, Disney Plus launched a full series featuring Josh Peck as Scott's son, Scott Turner Jr. Hopefully he had an easier time with his Beasley, but unfortunately the show was cancelled after one season.