A 30-year-old teacher in the US has been arrested after allegedly having sex with a 13-year-old girl multiple times. David Augustine Hodge Jr was charged on Wednesday with four counts of engaging in sexual acts with a child. Police say Hodge abused his position in the school's chess club to have sex with the minor after Friday meetings. Among the disturbing allegations is that he abused the child in a classroom on more than one occasion. The child's parents went to her school, West Homestead K-8 Center in Florida, on January 6, telling staff a teacher was having sex with their daughter. The girl allegedly told investigators that the science teacher was her "boyfriend". Detectives also said Hodge confessed to having sex with the minor, and that "he is in love with her". JUST IN: Chinese aircraft 'intentionally' flew over US and was not weather balloon - US official They allegedly began communicating in October 2022 when she was just 12 years old through text messages and social media platform Instagram. Conversations initially focused on school but soon turned to sexual topics, according to police. Hodge requested for the pupil to meet him at his classroom on Fridays after chess club, it is alleged. READ MORE: Doctor mowed down and 'stabbed to death' by accountant who made 'white privilege slur' He also told her to tell her parents that she was staying for tutoring, the arrest report added. Hodge was booked into jail and remained held without bond on Thursday. Addressing a handcuffed Hodge, Presiding Judge Mindy Glazer said: "You are arrested for some serious charges." Miami-Dade County Public Schools officials revealed Hodge was immediately suspended. DON'T MISS:Kamala Harris says Tyre Nichols died at 'hands and feet' of police [SPOTLIGHT]Migrant standoff turns 'aggressive' as hotel set to become shelter [INSIGHT]Trump says he will end Ukraine war 'within 24 hours' if he's President [REVEALED] They said in a statement: "Miami-Dade County Public Schools is deeply troubled by the disturbing allegations made against this individual." The statement added: "After a thorough investigation by the Miami-Dade Schools Police Department, this individual was subsequently arrested. "Conduct such as the one he is accused of will not be tolerated. "As such, the District has initiated employment termination proceedings, and will ensure the individual is precluded from seeking future employment with the District." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 