 Catherine Zeta-Jones, 53, and Michael Douglas, 78 have been one of the most steadfast A-list couples for over two decades. The adorable pair both shared romantic tributes to each other over social media, featuring some impressive dance moves, as they celebrated Valentine’s Day with friends and family.   Catherine shared a candid clip of her family on the dance floor, sweetly captioned: “When I see this family, my faith in love increases.” The Wednesday star donned a figure-hugging red dress with a daring neckline while her husband broke out his dance skills in an all-white suit. The couple’s children, Carys, 19, and Dylan, 22, also seemed to dance away their inhibitions in the clip. Fans flocked to the clip, wishing the couple “a very romantic Valentine’s Day” while others fawned over the “happy disco family”. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith in dig after star's BRITs appearance distracted viewer   On her Instagram story, the Legend of Zorro star shared a sweet throwback with her husband, covered with a note saying: “Happy Valentine’s Day to my hubby.” Catherine also shared a snap of her on-screen husband, Luis Guzman, from the series Wednesday. Michael shared his own tribute to his wife of 22 years with his 1.1 million followers, writing: “Happy Valentine’s Day to my darling Catherine! I love you so much.” The A-list couple first met in 1998, the same year Catherine skyrocketed to fame as Elena de la Vega in The Mask of Zorro. While promoting the film at a French film festival, Catherine bumped into Michael, an already-established Hollywood star. Michael had grown up in Tinseltown as the son of acclaimed star Kirk Douglas, while Catherine had experienced a vastly different upbringing in Mumbles, a small Welsh town in Swansea. Despite the 25-year age gap, the pair soon found they had quite a lot in common, including sharing the same birthday, September 25. While they attempted to keep their relationship private at first, the Traffic co-stars wed in a lavish affair in 2000, featuring a star-studded guest list and their three-month-old son.     Almost two years later, Catherine took on her Oscar-winning role as the villainous Velma Kelly in the movie musical Chicago. Fans were stunned when they learned that the actress had actually been pregnant with her daughter throughout the film’s production. The actress reportedly shot most of the film from the waist up while a body double was used for any shots that would have given away her pregnancy. Speaking to The Mirror in 2018, Catherine revealed that both Dylan and Carys intend to enter the acting industry.  If so, the pair would be the third generation of Douglas actors to be on screen as their late grandfather was renowned actor Kirk Douglas. The proud mum added that it clearly wasn’t fame the children were after with their career choices, as they have grown up experiencing the good and the bad that comes with it. She gushed: “They want the craft because that’s what they love. And it gives me such pride that they get it. “They understand that this is not a quick fix. They’re so good. “I can’t wait for you all to see which way they’re going to go because they’re going to go somewhere, I’m telling you.”