Daisy Jones and The Six tells the tale of a talented young artist who joins successful rock band The Six to create an album unlike any other. The Amazon Prime Video series is shot in a documentary style, switching from the past and the present, telling the story from different perspectives. Daisy Jones and The Six will start on Friday, March 3, and consist of 10 episodes with a new instalment coming out every week. Daisy was brought up by hippy parents who didn't care too much about what she got up to and so she did whatever she wanted. This led her to get involved in the sex, drugs and rock n roll scene which was how she met The Six band members. Actress Riley Keough made her film debut at age 20 when she was in a supporting role in the musical biopic The Runaways, portraying Marie Curie. She is, of course, best known for being the granddaughter of none other than Elvis Presley. READ MORE: Matt Hancock uses £320K from I'm A Celeb pay to set up TV company When the show begins, Billy is the only frontman of The Six but when he meets Daisy, everything changes. He becomes mesmerised by Daisy and her talent, despite already being married. Peaky Blinders fans will best recognise actor Sam Claflin for playing fascist MP Oswald Mosley. He has also been in Me Before You, The Hunger Games, Snow White and the Huntsman and Enola Holmes. Bassist Eddie Roundtree is seen as the outcast of the group as he often clashes with Billy. Actor Josh Whitehouse has been in Northern Soul, the Valley Girl remake and BBC's Poldark. Karen Sirko is described as a "keyboardist rebel" who isn't afraid to say it how it is. Actress Suki Waterhouse has featured in A Rainy Day in New York, Misbehaviour, Seance and Daliland. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife star hints at exit for Matthew after wedding [EXIT]Below Deck Med’s Malia White admits she'd date another 'yachtie' [EXPLAINER]Blue Bloods' Tom Selleck sparks meltdown with Magnum PI reunion [REACTION] Actor Will Harrison is very new to the world of acting with only a couple of roles under his belt so far. These were an episode of Madam Secretary as well as the movie This Film Is About My Mother which came out last year. He is behind Graham Dunne, the lead guitarist and Billy's brother. Warren Rhodes is the drummer in the band, portrayed by actor Sebastian Chacon. He has previously been in Pose, Narcos, and Penny Dreadful City of Angels. Simone is not only Daisy's best friend but a well known singer in her own right. Actress Nabiyah Be portrayed Linda in the 2018 action film Black Panther. Other cast members include: Teddy - Tom Wright Rod - Timothy Olyphant Daisy Jones and The Six premieres on Friday, March 3, on Amazon Prime Video.