David Coote claims that Sunday's Carabao Cup final between Manchester United and Newcastle will be a 'massive occasion' as both clubs attempt to end their respective silverware droughts. The referee has shed light on his build-up to the clash in a rare interview, with officials facing tough criticism in recent weeks. PGMOL chief Howard Webb called an emergency meeting earlier this month after a string of VAR errors left fans perplexed. Coote will therefore be under extra pressure to oversee a game free from controversy as the two sides prepare to do battle at Wembley. United have not won a major trophy since 2017 and Newcastle boss Eddie Howe could end a much lengthier run, with the Magpies last scooping up silverware all the way back in 1969. "Each referee only gets the chance to officiate each domestic final once, so there are only two occasions we can officiate at Wembley for a major domestic final - the Carabao Cup Final and the FA Cup Final," Coote explained in the match's official programme. "This is a massive occasion and a massive honour. JUST IN: Chelsea ace Enzo Fernandez reacts to Graham Potter sack pressure  "When you look at the clubs involved in this, you've got two massive clubs with huge fanbases and huge history in cup competitions. I appreciate it's Newcastle's first visit to the new Wembley in a final as well. "When you also add in how well both teams are doing this season and the style of football they both play, it really does promise to be quite an occasion. I've refereed both teams and the players on each side many times now. There's a degree of familiarity, but equally we understand that it will be a big occasion for them as well as for us and an opportunity to win silverware for the first time this season.  "I'm fortunate to have the two assistant referees who have been with me for the majority of the season, so we recognise each other's body language and we understand what that means in the context of the game - that's really vital to delivering the best possible performance. The level of teamwork that we've tried to achieve has paid dividends." United come into the showdown off the back of a confidence-boosting victory over Barcelona on Thursday, with goals from Fred and Antony sending them through to the Europa League last 16. Fans will hope to call on more heroics from the in-form Marcus Rashford, who has notched 16 goals since the World Cup. However, the England international had to be taken off against Barca and manager Erik ten Hag could not confirm whether he would recover in time for Sunday's game. "We have to do investigations," the Dutchman told reporters. "We did medicals but it was so soon after the game that we have to wait until he's 100 per cent diagnosed." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.