Joséphine Jobert left Death In Paradise for "personal and professional reasons" after episode six of the eighth season in 2019, but returned for the tenth season in 2021. The actress, who played DS Florence Cassell, made her exit from the fictional island of St Marie last year after her character was forced to leave for her own safety after taking on an undercover assignment. The 37-year-old reminisced about her time on the murder mystery series as she took the time to respond to a fan who penned a gushing message. Taking to her Instagram stories today, social media user, Rudi, penned: "Dear Josephine, I miss you on the new season of Death In Paradise. "You were the heart of the series which I really love watching. I hope so much you will return." They signed: "Kind regards from Bavaria, Germany. Rudi." READ MORE: Lucy Alexander opens up on Eamonn Holmes' health woes after surgery  Josephine shared her response with her 105,000 followers as she simply typed: "Thank you." The small-screen star has since opened up about her decision to quit Death In Paradise. She told HELLO! in 2022: "I already left in series eight, I thought it would be for good, honestly, I thought, 'I'm done.' Then they asked me back for series ten and I was like, 'Hmmm I don’t know, okay I'm going to do it.' "But I knew it wouldn't be forever, I knew it. How long, I didn't know. I had an idea but I wasn't sure."  Josephine added: "Series ten was so good and we ended the series on a big cliffhanger between Neville and Florence. "But I couldn't not come back, it would have been unfair… but I knew it would be just four episodes, to finish the story between the two characters and to be fair to the audience and respect them and that they follow the series… I couldn't just leave like that." Fans were understandably left devastated following her departure from Death In Paradise. At the time of her departure, one Twitter user said: "Seeing Florence leave #deathinparadise tonight. Think Josephine Jobert is irreplaceable personally. Gutted." DON'T MISS... Love Island's Laura Anderson baby news after 'dumping' boyfriend[LATEST]Helen Flanagan marks first Valentine's without Scott in red dress[PICTURES]Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore[ROYALS] Another viewer penned: "Amongst a cast of wonderful characters, Josephine Jobert’s Florence Cassell was an absolute fave! She was wonderful. So sad to see her go again." Florence Cassell (played by Josephine Jobert) left the Saint Marie police force after she carried out a dangerous undercover operation which ended in a gun-point situation. The Death in Paradise sergeant decided she needed to move away for a fresh start, despite it being her second comeback on the BBC series. Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) was left devastated by Florence's decision, especially after he realised how he felt about her. Tahj Miles who plays Marlon Pryce has hinted that "the door is always open" for Florence. He told Express.co.uk: "Of course, Florence, I love Josephine Jobert. She is amazing. I would love for her to come back. "There are so many characters...even Sara Martins in series 10 as Camille was a lot of fun. "There is a lot of space for any of them to return, the door is always open." Death In Paradise airs Friday on BBC One at 9pm.