Emma Raducanu has been told that she deserves her brand deals with the likes of Dior and Porsche despite critics previously claiming that her sponsors took too much time away from her tennis. Retired pro Monica Puig claimed that it was “impossible” for the Brit not to commit to her sponsors but warned the 20-year-old over the perils of “toxic” social media after having her own sudden victory at the 2016 Olympics. Raducanu became an overnight sensation when she won the 2021 US Open, becoming the first qualifier in tennis history to do so. Aged just 18 at the time and ranked at No 150 in the world, the Brit quickly made a name for herself and attracted deals with luxury brands like Tiffany & Co and Dior, but it’s something she has copped a lot of heat for since. Many have looked at Raducanu’s early losses from her freshman season in 2022 and claimed that they are the product of her spending too much time on brand deals and not enough time practising her tennis - something the 20-year-old herself has previously hit back at. And the world No 80 has now been received some advice from another surprise tennis champion in Monic, who urged her to be weary of “toxic” social media and get the balancing act of her sponsors and tennis right. “Don't focus on social media because we all know that social media is a great tool to boost your brand but it can be toxic especially for a person like Raducanu who has so many people following her and so many people who want to see her succeed and also a lot of people who don't,” the former world No 27 told Sky Sports. JUST IN: Djokovic mural destroyed months after locals shared fears over vandals   You're not going to have everybody who loves you. You're going to have those who are not going to like you. She has a great future ahead of her if she is able to settle herself but once she does and she organises herself in the way that works for her, she can end up making great strides and doing some really great things. Now it's just about that consistency day in, day out and believing that she can do it again.” But the Rio 2016 gold medallist didn’t want the former world No 10 to shut down her accounts entirely as she explained that building the Raducanu ‘brand’ was part and parcel of being a champion. Puig continued: “I'm not saying she needs to leave social media alone altogether because part of being a tennis player is having to deal with all these endorsements that have come her way and she deserves that because she won a Grand Slam title. Puig also warned Raducanu that she could lose some of the deals if some of her results went wayward as she advised the US Open winner to always put her tennis first. “Those endorsement deals come with obligations and if you don't meet those obligations the brand is not getting what they need out of you. The brand does need you to perform on court so you're exposed, you're out there, you're promoting their things,” she added. DON'T MISSFederer needs 'special condition' to accept Wimbledon role - EXCLUSIVEMcEnroe's luxurious houses, rock-star wife and cars amid £87m fortuneThiem issues heartbreaking statement after Slam win stunted career “You can make more money off the court than on it, but on the court it's important to focus and dedicate all your time to your craft because that's what got you there. At the end of the day, wins equal dollar signs and new contracts. “That's what I ended up seeing in my own career, so I'm speaking more from experience. It's a fine balance because I'm not saying don't do it altogether because honestly, it's impossible at this point. She needs to do these obligations contractually but focus on the tennis and the work and then do that. It's about putting your life in order, having a schedule, sticking to that schedule and then finding time for other things.” 