Makeup lover Meg Barberva shares her makeup tips, tricks and hacks on her TikTok account @megbarberva where she has 124K followers. The mum-of-three detailed her quick makeup tips to make you look younger, with advice for the entire face. The content creator said: "Try these quick makeup tips to appear younger. These few makeup tweaks and avoiding the mistakes can take years off your face." First, she addressed the makeup most people put on the skin first, to address blemishes and miscolouring. "Let's talk concealer," Meg said. "Avoid the old triangle technique, it uses way too much product. "A tiny bit in the inner and outer corner is all you need. Blend it well with a brush or sponge with setting spray." As well as applying less concealer in the inner and outer corners of her eyes, the makeup fan likes to use a specific base to make her skin look dewy and youthful. She said: "I love glowy foundations to help appear more youthful." READ MORE: 'People think I'm in my 20s': Mum, 40, shares her genius, homemade anti-aging tricks From a flawless base to the eyebrows, the makeup fan says this part of your face can make a huge difference to just how youthful you look. She recommends filling in the rows with a matching coloured pencil. Beg said: "Filling in your brows makes a huge difference. They not only help to define your face but giving them more depth and thickness automatically makes you look younger." One key makeup mistake could also be ageing you significantly, and that is putting bronzer underneath your cheekbone. Meg advises putting the product higher up on your cheekbones. She said: " Placing contour or bronzer shade underneath your cheekbone drags your face down. Instead, contour just slightly higher on the cheekbone and don't blend any further in than the centre of your pupil, the same with the blush. Aim higher and blend out and up towards the hairline." For the eyes, a subtle hint of eyeliner is all you need, Meg said: "Harsh eyeliner across your entire eyelid can age you. Try a tried pencil liner in just every corner of your lashline." To finish, the makeup fan dusts highlighter over her cheekbones and the bridge of her nose, and then she's done. Meg said: "Adding highlight for more luminous skin is always a win." DON'T MISSMartha Stewart anti-aging 'rules' after age-defying selfie [SKINCARE] 'I'm 48 but I look like I'm in my 30s - there's a formula [EXPERT] 62-year-old who 'looks 40' shares her anti-aging 'secrets' [BEAUTY] Her commenters were big fans of the look and the routine. One TikTok user Blondie said: "This was a great tutorial for someone like me who is 36." Jen asked the content creator: "Which contour product did you use?" Meg responded: "That’s the Makeup Revolution Ultra Cream bronzer." Another TikTok commenter asked: "Which eyebrow pencil did you use?" Meg replied that she uses the: "Younique Precision brow liner." Nicole McCuiston wrote: "I'm going to try this, looks beautiful!"