Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'will walk' away from Anfield if they get knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid next month. That's the opinion of former Sky Sports presenter Richard Keys, who took aim at the Liverpool boss for his role in the club's wretched form. It's been a reality check of a season for Liverpool after years of success under Klopp. Just months after agonisingly missing out on a historic quadruple, Liverpool find themselves down in 10th in the table and with the Champions League their only chance of silverware this season. Liverpool have lost three of their last four league matches, conceding three goals in each game against Brentford, Brighton and Wolves. Their poor form has led to questions over Klopp's future at Anfield, although owners FSG reportedly have no plans to sack the German coach any time soon. Klopp's success ever since taking over at Liverpool back in October 2015 has given him credit in the bank to try and get the club back to where they once were. But BeIN Sports host Keys believes Klopp will be the one to decide to ultimately walk away in the very near future if Liverpool end up being knocked out of the Champions League.  "My guess is Klopp will walk," Keys wrote on his personal website. "Not now - but if they’re knocked out of the CL by Real Madrid I think he’ll be gone before the start of next season. "Liverpool are way off. A shadow of what they once were - and it’s no good blaming FSG. The downfall is Klopp’s responsibility. He didn’t start the re-build soon enough.  "That was one of Fergie’s greatest strengths - that he would rip apart successful teams. What were Liverpool thinking keeping Milner, Henderson and Firmino? "Thiago is past his best - not that I was ever a fan. He was the wrong player at the wrong club at the wrong time. He slows Liverpool down. In fact, the entire midfield is too old or not good enough. "Robertson is past his best. Whoever is in charge next season has a massive job on his hands. Do we believe Klopp is up for it? I don’t."