The Governor of the Bank of England has dropped Brexit as an excuse for the rampant inflation which he has failed to control. Andrew Bailey and senior members of the Board of the Bank were giving evidence to the Commons Treasury Select Committee this morning where he was pressed on the reasons for their failure to predict inflation rising to almost 16 percent. Committee chairman Harriet Baldwin pressed the Governor on why he had failed to predict the problems which has caused rampant inflation and seen the cost of living crisis envelope Britain. The knock on effects have also led to strikes by workers in a number of sectors looking for wage increases which keep pace with double digit rises in inflation. Ms Baldwin said: "Inflation is clearly over 10 percent in the UK, it's five times your target, food inflation is over 16 percent. "Do you accept the Ban has mae mistakes and you have let inflation run away and it will be harder to get inflation back to target?" Mr Bailey responded by arguing the Bank doesn't "have the benefit of making policy with hindsight" before listing the "shocks" which had made his and the Board's predictions so wrong. None of them included Brexit, which he has claimed was a problem before, or Liz Truss's mini-budget which Mr Bailey, many Tory MPs believe, was a key figure in undermining the economy. Instead Mr Bailey blamed the pandemic, the impact on the labour supply market and the war in Ukraine as reasons which have seen inflation rise to almost record levels. The change in direction comes against a background of Rejoiners trying to blame the current economic crisis on the decision to leave the EU including former members of the Bank of England board. Deputy chairman of the European Research Group (ERG) of Tory Brexiteer MPs, David Jones said: “It is heartening to see that Mr Bailey at last appears to have come to terms with Brexit, and is not blaming it for the inflation that currently affects the country, focusing instead on supply chain problems, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the tight labour market. “However, the fact is that the Bank of England was far too slow to raise interest rates, keeping them at 0.1% when inflationary pressures were very obvious, and continuing the policy of printing money through quantitive easing. “Mr Bailey protests that he is only able to identify these problems in retrospect. However, it is his job as Governor to anticipate them, and to do everything possible to keep inflation around 2 percent. “It would be reasonable to conclude that, in that respect, he has been rather less than a conspicuous success.“ READ MORE: Bold action can sort the problems of Britain plc - EXPRESS COMMENT With Chancellor Jeremy Hunt set to announce his Budget this spring, there will be relief that Mr Bailey told the committe there is a "strong basis" to believe inflation will come down significantly this year. The Bank's target remains at just 2 percent. Mr Bailey explained that the failure to predict significant shocks which caused inflation largely came as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the impact of Covid. He said that there was a "global supply shock" as a result of the departure of Covid. He warned that the UK economy is "still below the level it was before Covid." Mr Bailey said: "The very big shock that has hit us is Russia/ Ukraine. I don't think any of us could have predicted what was going to happen there before it actually happening." The Governor said tha tthe third shock was the labour supply to the UK with a "decline in participation" to work in the UK. DON'T MISS Boris's shadow blocks Sunak's limelight even as MPs unite for Zelenski [INSIGHT] Sturgeon losing her grip on SNP as MP criticises independence strategy [REVEAL] A third of Britons think Liz Truss should make a comeback, poll shows [REACT]