The latest data from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) statistics has shown the most common physical and mental disabilities among UK claimants. The state benefit is designed to improve living standards for those suffering from long-term physical disabilities or mental health conditions. Every four weeks, millions of people across UK with 21 types of health conditions receive payments from the DWP. A new claim for PIP or Adult Disability Payment could help with daily living or mobility costs. The support payment takes into account two assessments of a potential recipient’s needs: daily living and mobility. This means reviewing what additional financial help they might require to enable them to carry out everyday chores like preparing food, washing, dressing, communicating and socialising or in simply getting around as a result of difficulties arising from their condition. READ MORE: Instagrammer distraught after online scam saw him and his followers lose £100,000 More people are claiming PIP for psychiatric disorders like anxiety, stress, depression and learning disorders than ever before, according to the DWP. Britons suffering with musculoskeletal conditions such as arthritis, joint pain and hip disorders are also now more likely to put in a PIP claim than previously. One reason could be heightened awareness about what PIP is, who can claim it and how to appeal if unsuccessful. A new applicant is required to undergo a DWP assessment to establish the extent of their condition’s impact on their day-to-day life.  READ MORE: Dragons' Den investor shares 'most successful' business from show - turnover worth £33m A score will then be assigned according to the applicant’s ability to perform tasks, which will in turn be used to determine precisely how much money they should be awarded in PIP. All benefits are increasing from April to keep up with inflation. The rise will apply as follows:Daily livingLower weekly rate - £68.10 (up from the present £61.85 per week)Higher weekly rate - £101.75 (up from the present £92.40 per week). MobilityLower weekly rate - £26.90 (up from the present £24.45 per week)Higher weekly rate - £71 (up from the present £64.50 per week). A person receiving the highest amount of both parts could get up to £627 monthly. That means a person currently receiving the highest weekly rate for daily living support and getting £4,804.80 a year will ultimately be handed £5,291 a year after April 2023. Britons can check an online benefit calculator like the one on the Macmillan website to see if they are eligible to make a claim. PIP isn't means-tested so people can still claim even if they are working or have savings. It should be noted PIP only applies in England, Wales and Northern Ireland – people living in Scotland need to apply for Adult Disability Payment instead. For more information on PIP, people can visit the UK government, Citizens Advice or Turn2Us websites.