Tennis icon Boris Becker has backed Rafael Nadal to give Novak Djokovic a run for his money at this year's French Open despite the Serb tying his record for most all-time majors. The Spaniard capitalised on Djokovic's absences in 2022 to race ahead in the Grand Slam race, only for his rival to match his tally of 22 major trophies at this year's Australian Open. It means either player could overtake the other with a win at Roland Garros come June. And while the momentum may seem like it's in Nole's favour following Nadal's latest injury setback, Becker believes a resurgent Rafa is not to be underestimated. “I personally don’t think Novak is thinking about the golden slam,” the German—who coached Djokovic for three years—told Eurosport when asked whether next year's Paris Olympics will be a distraction for Djokovic. “I think he wants to win the 23rd major of his career, which would be the record. "The next major is Roland-Garros where, in my eyes, the favourite still is Rafael Nadal. But Novak is on his heels. So let’s see what these two great champions will deliver for us.” READ MORE: Novak Djokovic's five greatest achievements as world No 1 overtakes Steffi Graf  It's been rumoured this season could be Nadal's last on the elite circuit, with the Spaniard growing weary of the questions regarding his potential retirement. Djokovic, meanwhile, looks fresh as he attempts to make up for lost time. The 35-year-old was prevented from competing at either the Australian Open or U.S. Open last year due to his Covid vaccination status. He already made up for one miss after winning a record-extending 10th title in Melbourne last month, while he's also been given the green light to play at Flushing Meadows this summer. All signs suggest Djokovic will outlast long-time nemesis Nadal, with the pair having enjoyed the most prolific rivalry of any match-up in men's tennis. Legions of fans will hope to see the pair collide as many times as possible in the coming months, too, as Becker warned they'll be sorely missed once they hang up their racquets. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic still waiting on Indian Wells answer as Serb shares injury updateRafael Nadal's 18-year streak could be ended by three rivals as injury woes continueNovak Djokovic's new rivalry 'great for tennis' as Federer and Nadal comparison made  “I think Djokovic, together with Nadal and [Roger] Federer, are not only sport icons, they are cultural icons,” added the 55-year-old. “They have a following that goes way beyond their respective countries - Serbia, Spain and Switzerland. “The impact that they have on tennis is huge. We will only truly understand how big they are once they all retire. I hope that Novak and Rafa will play for another year or two because we will benefit from that."