Nicola Sturgeon's resignation as First Minister has been brutally cheered by many of her critics, with one beaming: "Goodbye and good riddance!" The SNP leader confirmed her resignation at a hastily-arranged press conference from her residence at Bute House in Edinburgh. She will remain in office until the SNP elects a sucessor. Ms Sturgeon also stands down without realising her key political mission - Scottish independence - which is now shrouded in doubt following the recent UK Supreme Court ruling. But several of Ms Sturgeon's critics have been quick to take to social media to rejoice at the news of her resignation. TalkTV presenter and journalist Julia Hartley-Brewer tweeted: "Any politician who tells you that a man can magically become a woman is stupid, insane or a liar. "Goodbye @NicolaSturgeon and good riddance. And the same to every other politician who claims the same thing. You are a danger to women and girls. We will not tolerate it. GB News presenter Darren Grimes wrote: "Nicola Sturgeon is resigning! Happy days my friends. Scotland deserves better than this separatist menace." Broadcaster Dominique Samuels tweeted: "Good riddance to divisive Nicola Sturgeon resigning as First Minister. Her arrogance in attacking women’s rights in the name of gender ideology was ultimately her downfall." Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross also launched a furious attack against Ms Sturgeon's tenure as Scotland's first Minister. He said in a statement: "Whatever our differences, it is right we recognise that political leadership is always demanding and takes its toll on a person and their family. "I am glad Nicola Sturgeon has recognised this is the right time to go. However, at this time, we cannot ignore that she has presided over a decade of division and decay in Scotland. READ MORE: Sturgeon quits LIVE: SNP leader admits defeat on her indy dream "Instead of trying to unite the country in the wake of the 2014 referendum, Nicola Sturgeon refused to accept the result. Her entire tenure as First Minister has been characterised by relentless agitating for another vote on separation - governing in her party's interests, rather than Scotland's. "As a result, Scotland has been in a state of constitutional paralysis ever since - divided and unable to move on from the Groundhog Day of 2014 and its toxic legacy, despite the wish of the majority of Scots to do just that. "The SNP Government now needs to use this opportunity to focus on the Scottish people's real priorities, especially the cost-of-living crisis, supporting our NHS and rebuilding our public services." Ms Sturgeon resigns as the longest-serving and first female First Minister since the creation of the Scottish Parliament. She has been at the forefront of leading the SNP to repeated election victories at UK, Scottish and local level. DON'T MISSSix key things you need to know from Sturgeon's resignation speech [ANALYSIS]Starmer rages at Corbyn betraying 'principles of the country' [COMMENTS]Widdecombe tears apart Heseltine for 'completely wrong' Brexit claim [VIDEO]  But she has been engulfed in controversy over recent weeks as her Government tried to push through gender reforms, only for them to be blocked by Westminster. The SNP leader has also faced a fierce backlash with the issue of housing transgender prisoners in women's facilities, with the pressure ramping up on her to resign as First Minister. However, during this morning's press conference, Ms Sturgeon insisted her decision to resign as First Minister is "not a reaction to short-term pressures". She said: "First, though I know it will be tempting to see it as such, this decision is not a reaction to short-term pressures. Of course there are difficult issues confronting the Government just now, but when is that ever not the case? "I have spent almost three decades in frontline politics, a decade-and-a-half on the top or second-top rung of Government. "When it comes to navigating choppy waters, resolving seemingly intractable issues, or soldiering on when walking away would be the simpler option, I have plenty of experience to draw on. So if this was just a question of my ability or my resilience to get through the latest period of pressure I wouldn't be standing here today, but it's not.   "This decision comes from a deeper and longer-term assessment. I know it may seem sudden, but I have been wrestling with it, albeit with oscillating levels of intensity for some weeks. "Essentially, I've been trying to answer two questions: Is carrying on right for me? And more importantly is me carrying on right for the country, for my party and for the independence cause I have devoted my life to?" A Panelbase survey for The Sunday Times last weekend of 1,415 voters in Scotland carried out in the past week found 42 percent thought the First Minister and SNP leader should resign. Less than half (45 percent) said she should remain in her role until the next Scottish election in 2026, with the remaining 13 percent of respondents undecided. Fifteen percent of SNP voters at the last general election in 2019 said they wanted Ms Sturgeon to resign, as well as 19 percent who backed Scottish independence in the failed referendum in 2014.   Scottish voters also appeared to show little faith in the SNP Government, with more than two-thirds (69 percent) saying they did not know who should succeed Ms Sturgeon. The most popular choice was Finance Secretary Kate Forbes, but even she only received seven percent of the vote in the poll. But Ms Sturgeon was then hit by a fresh hammer blow after separate polling suggested support for Scottish independence and the SNP overall has plummeted. Polling of 2,100 Scots from Lord Ashcroft for Holyrood magazine indicated the country would vote 56 percent to 44 percent in favour of remaining in the UK. Nationalists had been buoyed by a series of polls towards the end of last year after they suggested a slight lead for the "Yes" vote in a hypothetical IndyRef2. This had come after the UK Supreme Court ruled a Scottish independence referendum could not be held without the consent of Westminster, leading to Ms Sturgeon insisting she will use next year's UK general election as a "de facto" Scottish independence referendum.  However, the latest poll suggests there is very little support for that, with only a fifth (21 percent) of Scots agreeing with it. A massive two-thirds (67 percent) said the First Minister "cannot assume that ever vote for the SNP and Greens is a vote for Scottish independence". Only a fifth of poll participants believed the standard of living would rise in an independent Scotland while more than half (57 percent) think food prices would increase. Nearly two-thirds (64 percent) think taxes would increase and 41 per cent believe unemployment would increase and furthermore, 62 percent of voters predict an independent Scotland would need to make "painful cuts" in public spending. However, it's not just support for IndyRef2 that has plummeted, with just four in 10 people taking part in the poll saying they will likely back the SNP in the next general election - down from the 45 per cent who voted for the party in 2019.