During recent scenes, Emmerdale fans were thrilled when Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) and Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) had a night of passion and it looked like their relationship could be back on. However, things took an unexpected turn when the vet suddenly disappeared. Paddy was last seen walking away from the village with a rucksack in hand. Mandy knew something was wrong and alerted Paddy's estranged wife, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). The police have also got involved in a bid to find Paddy safe and well. Speaking with Lorraine Kelly in a recent interview, the actress who plays Mandy opened up about her storyline. Lisa teased that history could soon repeat itself for Mandy and Paddy. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Lorraine began: "He will have his best friend. Don't you think they should be together? "Despite everything that has gone on, Mandy and Paddy are supposed to be together." "You know when you look in the window and there is a massive cheesecake and you want it all," Lisa replied as she teased a romance for the village favourites. "I am just going to give you a sliver of cheesecake You had a bit last night, you had some of the breadcrumbs at the bottom. "Then we will give you another piece because you don't want the whole cheesecake all at once, do you? "Maybe on Christmas Day you might need it, but we are only in February. "But yeah, me and Dom love working together and it comes across. "You can tell that comradery comes through the screen and the writers see that and write more of it, but who knows?" DON'T MISS...Emmerdale couple ripped apart as beloved star quits [SPOILERS]Eamonn Holmes admits 'Ruth isn't romantic' in marriage admission [VIDEO]Vera viewers distracted as they slam 'all over the place' accents [REACTION] Viewers are also hoping that Mandy and Paddy reconcile in the future. Taking to social media to share their thoughts, Sacha penned: "I hope Mandy can bring Paddy back from the brink." Thomas asked: "Are Mandy and Paddy getting back together then??? #emmerdale." While Kerry added: "It would be good if paddy and mandy did get back together #Emmerdale." "Make Paddy and Mandy permanent! #Emmerdale," Jamie pleaded. Roberto went on to tweet: "Emmerdale time I think Paddy and Mandy will get back together they suit each other more #Emmerdale." Dan wrote: "Really want Paddy and Mandy back together #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.