Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with more than four million followers on Instagram, thanks to her sharing of practical cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her fans have created pages in her honour to do the same. On one such page, with over 100,000 members, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to clean her glass oven door. Torvi Willow Valkyrisen wrote: "Asking for advice to clean the stubborn burnt on bits on a glass oven door, that won't scratch or damage it. "As you can see the Fabulosa cream cleaner took the grease layer off wonderfully, but nothing seems to work on those stubborn gritty bits. "I really don't want to scrub with anything abrasive as it will scratch the glass. So if anyone has any tips on how to remove these stubborn bits, I would really appreciate it. Thanks in advance, and hope everyone is having a lovely day." READ MORE: Six foods to keep houseplants ‘healthy’ to prevent stunted growth The post was inundated with comments in minutes as other Mrs Hinch fans shared their best tips and tricks. Nadia Louise wrote: "I've just done mine. Used a dishwasher tablet and it come of within minutes. Get the tablet wet and do it in circular moments." Kerry Stevens commented: "I always heat my oven up so it’s warm then turn off and clean my door with fairy and hot water and a scouring sponge no human elbow grease required. Any stubborn marks I use a glass scraper." Becca Hornsby said: "Bicarbonate and vinegar go great too." DON'T MISS:‘Helter-skelter’ time for property market as house prices drop [COMMENT]I tried a baking soda tip to remove moisture from my home - results [PICTURES]Seven home improvements which ‘add no value’ to your home [EXPERT] Julie Davey suggested: "Definitely Bar Keeper's friend." Toni Donald wrote: "I used Pink Stuff paste, spread it over, leave for a few minutes. And elbow grease pad to wash off." Karissa Eadie advised using a "glass hob scraper", while Minni Maxwell said: "I use elbow grease and it works great." Amanda Jayne Johal Clarke suggested: "Brillo pads 100 percent all day long. It will bring it right off. A good rubbing and it will be gone no problem." Lindsey Coates' advice was a little simpler. She said: "Heat the oven up, use Fairy and hot water, no vigorous scrubbing needed. "Each time you use the cooker use washing up liquid and water to clean the door and buff dry you won’t get this build up." Amy Martensen recommended: "Try baking soda and lemon juice and wait 15 minutes." Catherine Gordon said: "Pink stuff paste. I just did mine the other night and came up a treat." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Collette Cockren wrote: "Use scrunched up foil with cream cleaner - works for me every time. I use Cif cream." Amy Louise Cliffe agreed. She said: "Tin foil ball and cream cleaner!!!!! Works a treat really is amazing." Kez Martin advised: "Use a wire scourer." Caz McGregor added: "Glass scraper. Gets the burnt on bits off but flat bade so doesn’t scratch glass."