Blue Bloods’ 13th season continued this week with a messy reunion for Danny Reagan (played by Donnie Wahlberg) and his friend Mickey Patrick (Tom Cavanagh). Meanwhile, Erin (Bridget Moynahan) was preparing for the next stage of her career, but the next episode of the hit CBS drama could put an end to the career of another member of the Reagan family. Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) faces a tough decision regarding his grandson Joe Hill (Will Hochman) in the next episode of Blue Bloods. The series will be returning next Friday with another case for Danny and his partner Maria Baez (Marisa Ramirez). However, the Reagans are never short of their own drama to deal with, and the latest dilemma will arise when Joe makes a mistake while on duty with the FBI. A synopsis for the next episode, Past History, reads: “Danny and Baez race against the clock to catch a serial killer targeting young women across the city.” READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future “Also, Erin and Eddie Janko (Vanessa Ray) clash when Eddie intervenes in a murder case and Erin’s personal life. “And Frank must decide how to discipline his grandson Joe Hill when Joe breaks protocol while working on a joint task force with the FBI.” Joe’s exact mistake hasn’t been revealed just yet, so it’s unclear how severe the Commissioner’s punishment will be. Even so, a protocol break with the FBI is a serious breach of trust regardless, so Frank’s disciplinary action could have a permanent effect on his grandson’s career. In the past, Joe has often butted heads with Frank’s more traditional approach to policing. However, he has never stepped out of line quite this badly, and the Commissioner could be forced to make an example out of the young detective. While it’s apparent the Blue Bloods writers aren’t going to axe Hochman from the show completely, he could have to take a break from police work for the time being. Whether or not Joe receives a demotion, a suspension or is fired altogether is still yet to be revealed, however. DON'T MISS:Law and Order fans fear Jet’s Organized Crime exit [REACTION]Outlander author slams claim series is ‘distorted view’ of history [COMMENT]My 600lb Life’s Milla looks totally different after weight loss [INSIGHT] Hochman has remained a recurring guest star on the show since 2020 and has already made a few appearances in season 13. Unfortunately, Joe’s breach of protocol could mean he won’t be popping up for a while, and could even be completely absent by the start of season 14. Frank and the rest of the Reagans’ relationship with Joe has always been fraught, as they weren’t even aware of his existence until a few years ago. He first appeared when Danny’s son Sean (Andrew Terraciano) did a DNA test for a school project and he discovered he had a first cousin none of them had met before. The family soon realise Joe is the son of Frank’s deceased brother, Joe Sr, as the result of a brief affair with his friend at the Police Academy, Paula Hill (Bonnie Somerville). Joe has since been fully embraced as a member of the family, though his connection with the Reagans has often made his job difficult due to how his colleagues treated him. Hopefully, this isn’t the end fans see of Frank’s grandson, but Joe still has a long road ahead before he finally decides where exactly he fits in with the Reagan police dynasty. Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.