Gary Neville has brushed off claims from a Chelsea fan that he should have something to say about Manchester United’s potential takeover by Qatari Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani. The Red Devils have been the subject of a £4.5billion bid from Sheikh Jassim, while Britain’s richest man Sir Jim Ratcliffe is also in the frame to buy the club outright. On Saturday, a Chelsea fan tweeted Neville and said: “You had a lot to say about Newcastle owners and Americans, I expect the same energy for your own club?” And the ex-England right-back merely replied: “Did I,” as well as adding an emoji of a laughing face. Neville has been open in his views about football club ownership in the past. And last September he tweeted: “I keep saying it but the quicker we get the Regulator in the better. US investment into English football is a clear and present danger to the pyramid and fabric of the game. They just don’t get it and think differently. They also don’t stop till they get what they want!” Ahead of Newcastle’s takeover by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund, Neville was also involved in an exchange with journalist Miguel Delaney as the former player argued that sport can influence change in countries across the world. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar make £5bn offer, Sir Jim Ratcliffe bid, four buyers at table    But last October Neville questioned Newcastle’s ownership as he told his podcast listeners: “There will always be question marks about them. How were the Saudi Arabians accepted into the Premier League? We don't know. There's no transparency and there's no independence. “What I would say is my conclusion has always been the same. I would rather work with these people and collaborate with them because if they are going to own football clubs in our country, we should expect something in return. And that's access and the ability to ask questions. “I've always said and maintained that I would rather be around the table with them and try to impact change and try to highlight issues than to be on the other side of the fence, whereby you point to the issues and don't let them in.” There have been some concerns raised about United being bought by Qatar given the country's human rights record but Neville is yet to comment on it since bids were lodged for the club on Friday. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race   The Red Devils have been up for sale since last autumn. And on Friday night, a statement issued on behalf of Sheikh Jassim read: “The bid plans to return the club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and - above all - will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United Football Club once more. “The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the club supports. The vision of the bid is for Manchester United Football Club to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world.” 