Jake Paul’s new £207,000 tattoo promoting a vodka brand mysteriously disappeared ahead of his fight with Tommy Fury on Sunday night. Two weeks ago, Paul agreed to have a bottle of Charlie Sloth’s AU Vodka tattooed on his right arm in exchange for the hefty sum of money. However, just days after getting the ink done, the tattoo had seemingly been removed from his skin, much to the surprise of eagle-eyed fans. Taking to Twitter, one (@christudball) wrote:“@jakepaul what happened to your @AuVodka tattoo last night? It just disappeared. #auvodka #JakePaulvsTommyFury @Tyson_Fury #TommyFury.” Another (@gavinthomas2015) tweeted: “Imagine being hit that hard, your AU Vodka ‘tattoo’ falls off. #JakePaul.” Meanwhile, a third (@Payney26) added: “@jakepaul hey you seem to have lost the @AuVodka tattoo you was paid £250k for. Haven't seen it at all the last few days on your arm. Defo wasn't at the fight last night, or covered over with make up or it would have smudged or ran. Let us know if it turns up #auvodka #FuryPaul.” Paul fell to defeat for the first time in his professional boxing career under the scorching Saudi sun last weekend, losing the fight via split decision with scorecards of 76-73 Fury, 76-73 Fury and 75-74 Paul. Fury remained in relative control throughout the contest, keeping Paul at bay with a sharp jab. When Paul attempted to get in on the inside of Fury’s monster reach, the Brit smothered his adversary’s work with the clinch. Paul did have his moments though, particularly in the eighth and final round when he sent Fury to the canvas with a stiff jab. MORE BOXING NEWS... Boxing LIVE - Paul and Fury pay discrepency as TNT welcomed home Joshua abandoned as fans make feelings clear on AJ's return to the top Fury vs Paul outranks Joshua return as Tyson a clear winner Fury protested that he had slipped but there was a clear connection from the YouTuber-turned-boxer before the knockdown. The pair are now expected to run it back later this year with Paul insisting he will activate the rematch clause following his first defeat in the ring. Speaking during the post-fight press conference, The Problem Child said: “I just spoke to Tommy in the medical room, and he said 'yeah, let's go. let's do it again'. Like I said, we're going to come back and get that W. Don't judge me by my wins, judge me by my losses. We're going to come back stronger." And Fury is confident he will stop Paul the second time around. “Take nothing away from Jake Paul – he’s a good, game lad,” he said at the post-fight presser. “I’m pretty sure if we get it on again in the future, I’ll be able to stop him. I feel like in the fight, if I would have pressed him a little bit more, I could have got him out of there.