A shopkeeper has told how he chased down, searched, and apprehended a man attempting to steal washing machine tablets. However, Jarnail Singh Atwal was left upset when police ordered him to release the thief or face prosecution. The shop owner had imprisoned the would-be criminal inside Broomhall Off Licence in Chaddesden, Derby, so he was unable to escape. Unfortunately, there were also a number of frightened shoppers in the store trapped alongside the shoplifter, who was becoming more and more agitated at both being imprisoned and the prospect of arrest, reports Derbyshire Live. By the time Mr Atwal had spoken to officers, the thief had started to make threats to set fire to the shop, potentially putting customers in serious danger. Mindful of the safety of innocent members of the public, Mr Atwal was advised to unlock the door or face potential prosecution. The shoplifter was then freed, albeit without the Ariel washing tablets for which he was prepared to risk his freedom. Mr Atwal, 67, who has owned the shop for around 30 years, said the man entered his shop at 9.05am on February 17, triggering the frightening incident. His wife was first to see that something was seriously amiss. He recalled: "He went to the back, opened his bag, put the box of Ariel in his bag and went straight out. "But my wife noticed him on the camera and rang me so I followed him and dragged him back into the shop and searched him." Mr Atwal has been left frustrated since the incident and is worried that the shoplifter will not face justice. He added: "I locked the door and phoned the police. "But the police responded telling me to 'let him out or we’ll prosecute you'. "It’s disgusting, is there any chance [of finding him] now? "I don’t know who he was and if they need any evidence, it was recorded. They could have prosecuted him straight away." But police have isaid that Mr Atwal was told to release the man as he reportedly posed a threat to other shoppers inside the store. A spokesperson for Derbyshire police said: "Officers were called to reports that a man had been caught shoplifting at a store in Wiltshire Road, Chaddesden, on 17 February. "The caller explained that the man accused of shoplifting from the store had been locked in the shop – along with a number of other customers. "The caller explained that the man was allegedly making threats to harm those inside by setting fire to the shop. "Due to those threats – and the risk that was posed to the other customers – the caller was told that the door should be unlocked. "Since the incident officers have spoken with the owner of the shop in order to request CCTV in order to try and identify the man involved."