Real Madrid could launch a surprise move to bring Tottenham forward Richarlison to the Spanish capital in the summer transfer window, according to reports. Richarlison is yet to hit the heights expected of him since joining Tottenham from Everton at the end of last season, with the 25-year-old still without a goal in the Premier League this season despite providing three assists. The Brazilian forward was in top form for his country at last year's World Cup, though, which reportedly caught the eye of Real Madrid as they eye a long-term successor to Karim Benzema at the top of the pitch. They are said to be considering a big-money summer bid for Richarlison in order to boost their forward line, according to ESPN, with club chiefs having reportedly prioritised the addition of a new striker ahead of next season.It is said that Richarlison is keenly admired by Real Madrid alongside Juventus forward Dusan Vlahovic, although any move to prise the former away from Tottenham would not come cheap for the 14-time European champions. He only joined Spurs less than a year ago for a transfer fee in the region of £58million and is tied down until the summer of 2027, with Los Blancos aware that Tottenham will be reluctant to sell unless they are fairly compensated.Carlo Ancelotti was a fan of Richarlison during his time as Everton manager and is reportedly warm to the idea of reuniting with the former Toffees ace at the Bernabeu, although it remains to be seen whether Vlahovic will emerge as his preferred target before the bidding opens in the summer. There is still a possibility that neither player will be signed, though, as Real Madrid are said to have plenty of other options on the table. JUST IN: Man Utd icons Beckham and Ferguson key to takeover after 'approaches' The Spanish club are expecting to lead a busy recruitment drive in the summer, with Ancelotti eager to improve other areas of the squad before next season gets underway. Richarlison would certainly be able to provide some extra depth in attack if he ends up moving to Real Madrid later this year, with Benzema not getting any younger at the age of 35 and Rodrygo Goes set to be allowed to leave when his contract expires at the end of the campaign.Former Tottenham goalkeeper Paul Robinson has already insisted that his old club will be hesitant to sell Richarlison unless a mega-money bid is tabled, telling Football Insider: "Of course there is going to be teams watching his performances, knowing what he is capable of, so it does not surprise me [that there is interest]. "Tottenham will want to hold on to him. They put a lot of money into the deal so they will want to keep him for the future, they are building something for the future. Unless it is a huge amount of money to take him away from there, I am not sure it will happen."Meanwhile, ex-Everton chief Marcel Brands insisted back in December that Richarlison is more than good enough to play regularly at a club with the ability to compete for Champions League titles. He said: "He has become a man as a young player, he was already physically strong but has become much stronger and his will to score has developed even further. He could be playing at Paris Saint-Germain or Bayern Munich as early as tomorrow." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.