Joe Wexler’s weight loss journey, on the hit reality television series My 600-lb Life on TLC, was one of the most inspiring journeys during the third season in 2015. Now the TV personality has given fans an update on his life by sharing a selfie after his 418lb weight loss. In a sweet Facebook post, the My 600-lb Life star shared a selfie with his 9,000 followers on Facebook. The star sported a baby blue polo shirt over a white T-shirt and smiled into the camera with his brunette hair swept to the side. Fans congratulated Wexler, who used to weigh 777lbs, on his transformation. One fan @BernadetteMaestri-Petrina commented: “Great job Joe!” with another supportive fan @CrystalGraham adding: “Looking great!!” and a third @karenVanNijkerk saying: “You look great, Joe! Nice to see you back.” Wexler featured on the third season of My 600-lb Life and weighed in at nearly 800 pounds at the beginning of his weight loss journey. During the season fans learned a lot about the TV personality, as he expressed he felt like a prisoner in his own body and had even contemplated suicide at age 28. Joe shared he suffered with his weight from an early age, he explained he picked up bad habits early to seek his father's attention, but when he didn't get it, he ate to deal with his feelings and never stopped. During the series, Wexler met with the weight loss surgery doctor, Dr Younan Nowzaradan, known as Dr Now, who told him he had to lose 150 pounds.  Wexler and his mother moved to Houston from Johnson City so that Dr Now could monitor him closely and more often. Despite the doctor's help, Wexler gained fifteen pounds instead of losing weight, to which he was disappointed, but that didn't stop the star from reaching his goals. He also had a therapy session that helped him address his depression which stemmed from his challenging relationship with his father. The star later found the motivation to lose the required weight getting down to 652.2lbs, meaning he was finally able to have his gastric bypass surgery, which was successful.  In 2016, a single episode spin-off of the hit TLC show aired called My 600-Lb Life: Where Are They Now? aired. The one-off episode gave fans an update about Joe, who at the time had lost a total of 418lbs since his weight loss journey began two years prior. He had also had an excess skin removal surgery, to help remove the extra skin that had occurred due to his dramatic weight loss. Joe's Facebook page indicates he has kept the weight off. He uses the page as a platform to help others with their weight loss journeys as well. He has managed to maintain a healthier lifestyle and continues to help his followers grow in confidence. Although the star remains positive, he announced the sad news that his mother, Robin, died at the age of 57 on September 20, 2022 after battling multiple medical issues. In a touching post to his mother, who was a fundamental part of Joe's weight loss success, Joe wrote: "Her body may now be without life, but now she begins a new journey with the Lord our God." My 600lb Life season 11 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.