Manchester United are close to finalising a new contract for Alejandro Garnacho, according to reports. The Argentine has been a key player for Erik ten Hag at Old Trafford so far this season, establishing himself as one of the best players in world football. And, behind the scenes, the Red Devils believe he’s their best young player since Cristiano Ronaldo. United handed Garnacho his debut towards the end of last season, back when Ralf Rangnick was manager. And the 18-year-old has since established himself under Ten Hag, with the Argentine managing five goal involvements across all competitions this term. According to AS, United are now on the verge of tying Garnacho down to a new contract that will run until 2028. And they also believe they’ve not had a young player so talented since Ronaldo, when he was first at the club. Few had heard of the Portugal international when he arrived as a replacement for David Beckham back in the summer transfer window of 2003. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford But United saw Ronaldo evolve into a superstar during his first stint at the club, before he joined Real Madrid in 2009. United want Garnacho to be their poster boy as they seek market opportunities in South America, despite his young age. And news of the teenager being close to a new deal represents a major boost for Ten Hag as he looks to steer his side to trophies. The only obstacle right now when it comes to an extension is image rights, the report adds. But United are confident of getting that matter resolved and they’re said to ‘bet strongly on one of their jewels’ as they plan for a brighter future. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit It had previously been reported that Garnacho’s family and United were at loggerheads as they seek to negotiate a new deal. Yet that no longer appears to be the case and United will be hopeful the youngster can shine in the coming years ahead. Speaking recently, meanwhile, United legend Roy Keane challenged Ganrahco to kick on and achieve more consistency in his game. "Every player is so different,” said Keane. "The fact he's so young and he's had more of an impact coming off the bench, so he'll be delighted to get his opportunity [starting vs Forest]. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract "If you want to be an attacking, young player for Man United, you've got to be brave, you've got to have courage, you've got to affect games when you get your opportunity, which is what we saw with this great finish late in the game [against Fulham in November]. “As a young player he'll have to get more consistent. "But listen, he's fantastic, and he's getting involved. “That's what you want from any attacking player when he starts - he's getting assists, a few goals, he played a huge part in United's season [against Manchester City] - we talk about momentum turns - you wouldn't want to play against him, and he's exciting to watch. “That's what United fans want to see." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Garnacho could feature when United lock horns with Crystal Palace on Saturday (3pm). And Ten Hag, speaking ahead of that match, has admitted Patrick Vieira’s side represent a ‘difficult’ test. “It's a difficult team,” he said. “They have a physical approach and a good manager with really good ideas about winning football games, so we have to be ready and play better than we did at Palace. “We need to be better in defence and be better in the way we play and have more energy and focus on the pitch than we had before.” FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!