 Rita Ora appeared on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon to discuss her recent nuptials to filmmaker, Taika Waititi. The singer dazzled viewers as she unveiled her engagement ring and wedding band.   The 32-year-old squealed with glee, as host Jimmy Fallon exclaimed: “Congratulations, you got married.” After roaring applause from the audience, Rita adjusted her ring and shared: “I’ve actually never shown anyone my ring. “It’s my first time showing my ring so, because I love you, I feel like you’re part of our relationship weirdly because we watch you every night, is that creepy?” “I just felt like I should show you it,” as Rita extended her arm to Jimmy, she added: “Here it is.” READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah The cameras zoomed in to show the large emerald stone which sat on a delicate, gold wedding band. Rita’s ring reveal comes just weeks after she confirmed she was officially "off the market". During an interview on Heart Radio Breakfast, the singer was asked about her relationship status, and she revealed: “Yes, here we are. “They say everything happens for a reason. I am officially off the market, people!”   Lifting the lid on her big day, Rita simply described her wedding day as perfect. The news of her wedding was accompanied by the release of her new single, You Only Love Me, which featured a star-studded video, in which she takes part in a fictional wedding. During her conversation with Jimmy Fallon, Rita admitted to helping Taika choose the ring. She explained: “When you know what you want, and I felt like I knew I really wanted to be with this person, I just wanted it to feel really right. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway fights tears as she confronts Matt Hancock [INSIGHT] Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [REACTION]Wednesday star Jenna Ortega speaks out on viral dance routine [INSIGHT] “So I may have taken him to the shop and I may have pointed out exactly what ring I wanted.” Rita and Taika first went public with their relationship in 2021, when the songstress shared a photo of them embracing. The caption read: “Good times, memories, random things on my phone and the ones I love.” Rita also told Jimmy, how her relationship inspired her to write new music.  “I feel like the journey it took me to get to this point and the past two years, my life has changed so drastically." She explained: “Making a decision to spend the rest of your life with someone is a big decision and so it got me writing again." "I just really got inspired by love. That's what I wrote all my feelings about and it's nice to capture the moment, so I feel like this is more than just music, it's a moment in life for me." 