Grey hair does not have to be ageing. In fact, silver strands can be super modern and chic if taken care of the right way. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to hair expert Nicole Petty about how older ladies with grey hair can improve their look and look younger in no time. Nicole started by emphasising that grey is nothing to be ashamed of - it's a fact of life and inevitable for us as we age. But there isn't a particular age when hair starts losing its colour pigment. The expert told Express.co.uk: "According to statistics, half the population has or will have grey hair by the time they turn 50 years old. "However, for some it can happen much earlier, resulting in them reaching for the hair dye to cover it up." READ MORE: Hair expert shares the 'ultimate anti-ager' - 'key to looking younger'  While some may choose to cover their greys, it's also totally possible to look chic and young with grey, silver or white locks. Speaking about some women's urge to reach for the dye, Nicole assured women that "it doesn’t need to be this way". She stated: "There are many ways you can embrace and enhance grey hair." Adding some extra colour in between the greys can do wonders for your hair's appearance. "For example, introducing highlights or lowlights can help grey hair appear more dimensional, shinier, and healthier," Nicole suggested." Some women worry about the transition of growing out their greys, worrying about the dreaded noticeable roots. But the hair expert provided a solution: "Grey highlights can also be a great way to transition to grey hair without the harsh banding of allowing your roots to grow out or having to make the chop." What women do with their grey hair to enhance it might depend on their natural hair colour. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures  A woman who is a natural brunette may approach going grey differently to a blonde. Nicole suggested: "If your hair is darker, opt for darker shades of salt and pepper or charcoal grey to complement and blend with your natural locks." Going grey is a powerful style move, made by many glamorous and stunning celebrities. Nicole continued: "Take inspiration from celebs such as Jane Fonda, Andie MacDowell and even Queer Eye's Tan France." She called these "perfect examples of individuals who have stylishly blended darker and lighter tones of grey". Natural blondes might want to avoid the salt and pepper or charcoal grey look, instead going down the route of "lighter, warmer shades". She explained: "Combining blonde with grey is a fabulous way to embrace greys in a youthful way without washing you out. "Look to Diane Keaton, Cynthia Nixon and Helen Mirren for blonde-grey inspiration." Nicole Petty is a hair expert from hair extensions brand Milk + Blush.