Once again, The Masked Singer has proven to be a great success with ITV viewers tuning in every week to try and decipher the head-scratching clue packages. Sadly, the time has almost come to say goodbye to the bizarre guessing game with the final airing this weekend. But before the curtains close, there are still a few last-minute guesses to make for the remaining disguised celebrities. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.The Masked Singer season four concludes on Saturday, February 18, at 8pm on ITV. Fawn, Rhino and Phoenix will take to the stage for the last time as they do everything they can to try and impress the panellists and the live audience. One of them is going to be voted off, coming in third place, before there is a head-to-head between the two remaining stars. It will then be up to presenter Joel Dommett to announce who is going to be crowned the series winner. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments There have been a plethora of guesses for Fawn over the past few weeks from Carol Vordeman and Jacqueline Jossa, to Shania Twain and Michelle Keegan. One theory has stuck out among the rest recently is it could be All Saints singer Natalie Appleton behind the mask. An appearance of black coffee in the VT package hinted at the name of one of the band's number one singles and images of beaches as their single Pure Shores was in the soundtrack of movie The Beach. The word "wonderland" was mentioned in Fawn's first riddle which was the name of the tour the girl band supported Take That on in 2017. In addition, Fawn talked about November 1 last weekend which is actually All Saints Day. So many fans are now convinced that it is All Saints singer Natalie Appleton behind the mask. Express.co.uk spoke to TommyD, music producer, and co-founder of TokenTraxx, ahead of the final at the weekend, about his final prediction. He does agree it is most likely a member of the 1990s band but not who everyone else is suggesting. DONT MISS...Emmerdale couple ripped apart as beloved star quits [SPOILER]The Masked Dancer axed by ITV for 2023 in schedule shake up [CANCELLED]The Masked Singer fans left fuming after Jellyfish 'robbed' of final [REACTION] TommyD explained: "Melanie Blatt from All Saints. "I know everyone's going for the Appletons because of all the clues but I actually think that Melanie has a better voice and sounds more like Fawn then either of the Appletons." Melanie is an English singer-songwriter who has stepped away from acting in previous years to take part as a judge in The X Factor NZ and as a contestant in Celebrity Masterchef. So could the All Saints star be adding The Masked Singer to her list of TV competitions? Last week saw two more contestants leave the competition before the final. First, it was Jacket Potato's turn to go with Davina McCall shocked as he was revealed to be Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora. Coming in fourth place was Jellyfish who turned out to be former Glee star and West End performer, Amber Riley. The Masked Singer season four concludes on Saturday, February 18, at 8pm on ITV.