Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta says his dressing room was "absolutely bouncing" after his side came from behind twice in a statement 4-2 win on the road at Aston Villa. The Spaniard must have thought his side were heading for a draw in stoppage time with the scores level at 2-2 but Jorginho came up trumps as his long range strike flew off the bar and in off Emiliano Martinez. Gabriel Martinelli then added gloss to the scoreline with the last kick of the game after Bukayo Saka and Oleksandr Zinchenko also found the target. The win was the perfect response to the midweek 3-1 defeat to Manchester City as Arsenal went back to the top of the Premier League ahead of the champions' trip to Nottingham Forest. Arteta said on his dressing room: "It was absolutely bouncing because it was a big effort to play after the game we had less than 72 hours ago and the result [3-1 defeat to City] that was obviously morally testing. "But I am really pleased for the boys. We have to train really well on Monday." READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta sets Thomas Partey injury return date after Aston Villa absence Arsenal were behind after just a matter of minutes when Ollie Watkins went outside William Saliba and rifled home with his left foot. But the Gunners responded well and hit back almost immediately when Saka smashed the ball home following Tyrone Mings' headed clearance. However, Villa were not phased by Arsenal's powers of recovery as they restored their lead when Philippe Coutinho marked a rare start with a fine finish before half-time. Arsenal regrouped at the break and worked tirelessly to force their way back into the game for a second time. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race Eddie Nketiah and Martin Odegaard squandered huge chances in the second half for the Gunners but they didn't lie down as Zinchenko rifled home an equaliser from range. Just when we looked to be heading for a draw, Arsenal showcased their title credentials when Jorginho's stunning long range effort flew off the bar before going in off the head of Martinez. Still, Arsenal were not done there as Martinez went up for a last-gasp corner but the Gunners kept their composure on the break as Fabio Vieira fed fellow substitute Martinelli in  on goal to tap into an empty net. Aaron Ramsdale was forced into an excellent save at 2-2 as he tipped Leon Bailey's powerful effort onto the crossbar. After a relentless affair, Jorginho relayed that fans should expect the unexpected in the Premier League, telling BT Sport: "That's Premier League, that's why it's the best league in the world. "It's very important after the last results we had. We are not producing our game [at the moment], we came in at half-time, we had a chat and went back to doing the basics." Arsenal now travel to Leicester next Saturday before they face a favourable run of Premier League fixtures. City do also boast a game in hand on their title rivals, who do still have to travel to the Etihad Stadium later in the season.