Prince Harry is charging an "embarrassing" price for tickets to an upcoming event as his popularity wanes following the release of Spare. The Duke of Sussex will recount his struggles in a live-streamed talk with a trauma specialist this weekend, with spectators invited to ask the royal questions. But commentators have noted the royal is charging comparatively little for his "intimate conversation" with Gabor Maté, a Canadian doctor and author. Dr Maté has described the event - held by Spare publishers Random House - as an opportunity to help encourage "more openness around mental health". He told Canadian news site Postmedia that he also hoped to "remove the stigma around what we call mental illness". While teased as another tell-all opportunity for the Prince, the talk will cost prospective viewers very little. Random House will charge people less than £30 for the “living with loss and the importance of personal healing” event. READ MORE: Charles has been 'hit beyond hard' by Prince Harry's revelations The publishers have set the sign-up cost at $33.99 (£28.21), earning the Prince a fraction of what he has received for previous deals. The entry fee, according to the event site, includes a copy of the royal's bestselling biography. The price has fetched ridicule from royal commentators who have described it as "embarrassing". Daniela Elser, a comment writer for Australian set news.com.au, mocked the deal as a significant climbdown from his previous earnings. She said the fee is a "$1,479,966 (£1,228,134) drop in how much it costs to hear from the horsey HRH’s mouth in only 36 months". The difference touched on by Ms Elser is compared to the $1.48 million (£1.22 million) fee the Prince garnered to speak to attendees of a Miami investment summit in 2020. Since then, he and his wife, Meghan Markle, have garnered even more impressive deals. The Prince received more than 10 times his 2020 speaking fee for Spare, which debuted in January this year. Random House reportedly gave the royal a $20 million (£16 million) advance for the book, which went on to break memoir bestselling records. He has donated the fee, with the proceeds going to charitable organisations like Sentebale and WellChild. Two deals before the book earned the Duke and Duchess nine-figure sums from the entertainment industry. In 2020 the couple struck a $148 million (£123 million) deal with Netflix and a $26.7 million (£22.1 million) deal with Spotify.