An ally of President Vladimir Putin has died after apparently jumping from a high-rise building - the latest in a series of sudden deaths among senior Russian officials. Marina Yankina, 58, who heads up the financial support department for the Russian Defence Ministry's Western Military District, was found dead on Wednesday outside the building in in St Petersburg, independent Russian media outlet Meduza reported. Mash, a Russian Telegram channel, claimed Yankina has telephoned her ex-husband telling him she was going to jump, and was leaving her documents and packed belongings on the balcony. Yankina is far from the first high-ranking official to suffer a sudden death since the start of Vladimir Putin’s war on Ukraine almost a year ago - a fact point out by Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. He shared a tweet from four days earlier about the apparent suicide of Vladimir Makarov, former Deputy Chief at Main Directorate of Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs, sacked by Putin last month. Businessman Pavel Antov, a Putin critic, died after a fall from a window in December, while energy tycoon Ravil Maganov also died in a fall from a hospital window. Additionally, police in Spain launched an investigation last year into the death of Sergey Protosenya, a multi-millionaire Russian gas company executive found hanged at his villa on the Costa Brava, and his wife and daughter, who died from multiple stab wounds. Days earlier the body of Vladislav Avayev, 51, a former Kremlin official and Gazprombank executive, was found at his Moscow penthouse alongside wife Yelena, 47, and 13-year-old daughter Maria, in another apparent murder-suicide. There is no specific evidence that any of them died in suspicious circumstances - but so many prominent figures have died recently, the phrase Sudden Russian Death Syndrome was coined last year to describe the situation. Speaking to The Atlantic in December, historian Edward Luttwak said some at least were likely to be genuine, explaining: “Imagine what happens to a globalised country when sanctions kick in. Some of them will commit suicide.” JUST IN: West urged to cripple Putin’s ‘trojan horse’ company However, given Russia’s long tradition of political assassinations - including that of Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006, and the Novichok attack on Sergei Skripal and daughter Yulia in 2018 - sinister motives have been suggested. Michael Weiss, a journalist and author of a book on the Russia’s intelligence agency the GRU, said: “It is not uncommon to be told, ‘We can come to you or you can do the manly thing and commit suicide, take yourself off the chess board. “At least you’ll have the agency of your own undoing.” DON'T MISSPolice break silence on five Nicola Bulley theories during update [LATEST]Putin's forces 'holding 6,000 Ukrainian children' in camps [REPORT]Camilla subject to torrent of abuse after testing positive for Covid [INSIGHT] Referring to the death of Alexander Perepilichny, another Putin critic, while jogging in London in 2012, he pointed to an autopsy indicating the presence of the toxic flowering plant gelsemium in his stomach. Mr Weiss added: “These are the clues of evidence that the Russians are fond of using. “They want us to know that it was murder, but they don’t want us to be able to definitely conclude it was murder.”