Video footage shows Lettie Pattison performing a dance duet with her mum as police launch an investigation in what is believed to be a triple murder-suicide. Headteacher of Epsom college Emma Pattison, 45, was found dead alongside her husband George Pattison, 39, and their seven-year-old daughter on Sunday morning at their Surrey home on the school's grounds. Gunshots were heard in the early hours of the morning and police are now treating the tragedy as a homicide investigation.   The deaths are being investigated as a possible murder-suicide. In the video, the mother-daughter duo can be seen singing and dancing around the kitchen to Justin Timberlake's 'Can't Stop The Feeling'. The two appeared happy and relaxed as they enjoyed themselves. Tributes paid to Ms Pattison described her as "formidable", "wonderful" and "delightful". A nursery worker described Lettie as "perfect in everyway". Surrey Police confirmed a gun registered to Mr Pattison was recovered at the scene. The Times reported that Ms Pattison had contacted a close relative with concerns about her husband in the hours before the killings, and when they arrived at the house they found all three members of the family dead. Mr Pattison is understood to have held a gun licence for several ears and it was up for renewal early last year. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley update given by police as search continues Surrey Police said they contacted him last week following a change of address. In a statement, they added: "Due to the short period of time between that contact and this incident, we have made a referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct." Detective Chief Inspector Kimball Edey, senior investigating officer on the case, said: "This is an incredibly traumatic incident and we are working around the clock to investigate and understand the exact circumstances which led to this point. "We understand the public concern and upset, and we will clarify what we can, when we can, while respecting the right to a level of privacy for the families of those who have lost their lives." DON'T MISS: Zelensky jets to UK to meet Sunak in first visit since Russian invasion of UkraineSchool 'humiliates' students as 'food taken from plates' over lunch debtsYouths on bikes and quads trash football pitch by 'doing doughnuts and wheel spins'    Ms Pattison joined the £42,000-a-year private school as the first female headteacher in September. She was previously heading Croydon High School in south London and deputy head of St John’s School Leatherhead. Acting headmaster Paul Williams announced the school would remain closed until after half-term. In a letter to parents, the BBC reported that Mr Williams said: "Now is a time for families to come together and try and process this shocking news. "The impact on your children cannot be underestimated and we are doing everything we possibly can to support them in whatever way they need."