Since her divorce from Prince Andrew in 1996, Sarah Ferguson has written several books for children and adults, and also produced films and TV programmes. Her new novel, A Most Intriguing Lady, is set for publication on March 7, and to advertise the book, the Duchess of York is embarking on a promotional tour. On March 6, she is due to appear at New York's Culture Centre and, according to a press release, is promising to dish the dirt on the royal drama surrounding Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The Duchess, affectionately known as Fergie, will “answer questions about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle” and will also open up about her relationship with the late Queen Elizabeth II. From the press release, it is unclear whether she will address any questions about her ex-husband, the Duke of York. Sarah’s supposed willingness to reveal insight into the Sussex saga has rubbed some royal commentators the wrong way. Discussing the upcoming book tour on the most recent episode of Royally Obsessed, a weekly royal podcast, co-hosts Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito expressed their surprise at the press release’s content. READ MORE: Norwegian King could provide blueprint for King Charles amid republican debate Ms Fiorito said: “The PR announcement said she would be willing to answer questions about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. It feels so icky to me. And [it said] she would answer questions about the Queen too.” She continued: “I feel weird about that. That feels very money-grabby to me and I don't like that.” Fergie’s appearance will come two months after the publication of Prince Harry’s tell-all memoir, Spare, for which the Duke of Sussex sat down for multiple revealing interviews. The Duchess was due to tour Australia this month, with dates in Brisbane, Melbourne, and Sydney, but her appearances were abruptly postponed. Advertisers for In Conversation with Sarah, Duchess of York, explained the reason for the delays was “due to a new schedule clash beyond the Duchess of York's control”. The event, due to be hosted by Australian journalist Ray Martin, promised that the Duchess would speak about “her childhood, growing up in the countryside, then moving to London, meeting Prince Andrew, love and marriage”. Her novel draws on historical characters and biographical events from her royal life and family lineage. A press release read: “The Duchess will talk about the dark times, her learnings, and a great deal that we don't know about her.” DON'T MISS:Prince Louis is yet to undertake one royal milestone [LATEST]King Charles tipped for overhaul of royal properties [REPORT]King Charles suffers blow as Adele 'turns down' Coronation [SPOTLIGHT] There was no mention of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, and Sarah has previously refused to discuss Harry and Meghan when giving interviews to promote her books. She has, however, addressed the scandal surrounding her former husband. In an interview with the Radio Times last year, the Duchess said: “I will stand very firmly by [my belief that] Andrew is a very good and kind man, and that's what I believe.” She went on to praise Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie — the two daughters she and Andrew share — for how they had coped with the fallout surrounding their father’s involvement with Jeffrey Epstein. “Honestly I take my hat off to them. Beatrice, Eugenie and I are called the tripod and we stay firm to speaking our truth,” she said. Fergie was married to Andrew from 1986 to 1996. Despite their divorce, the pair still live together at the Duke’s Royal Lodge home on the Windsor Estate. During an interview at the Henley Literary Festival in October, the Duchess revealed that writing helped her cope with the public scrutiny around her ex-husband, as she threw herself into her work. “I escape in life into everything through my imagination and through my will to be joyous,” Sarah said, according to The Times. As well as her upcoming historical novel, Sarah has written Budgie The Little Helicopter, and her Little Red series for children. She released her first novel, Her Heart For A Compass, in 2021, and has penned two autobiographies.