People on Universal Credit automatically get National Insurance (NI) credits but those on the benefit only get these applied within four months of when they reach state pension age, which is currently 66. But many people may have been underpaid due to a system error or may have needlessly voluntarily bought credits when they should have had them applied to their record already.  NI credits cover gaps in a person’s record when they were not paying National Insurance, to go towards their state pension payment. An investigation by This is Money found there has been no working system to automatically update a person’s Universal Credits’ NI credits since 2018 with no timeframe in place to fix the issue. The publication claims the Government website still “misleads” Universal Credit claimants into thinking their NI credits are automatically updated. At the time of writing, on the “National Insurance credits” section of the gov.uk website, it says those on Universal Credit “get Class 3 credits automatically” with Class 3 credits counting towards a person’s state pension. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come One woman, Denise Smith, was due to be paid £664 by the DWP after she spent months trying to get her NI credits applied. The 67-year-old told This is Money: “It is such a shambles. You get to retirement age and you are still fighting for things.” Liberal Democrat MP Wendy Chamberlain asked a question about the issue in Parliament on Friday. She said: “It's leading to a series of errors and leaving pensioners without the payments they are entitled to. It's not a legacy issue. It's happening now.”  She asked the Government when it would be “transparent” about what is happening and would come forward with a solution. Leader of the House of Commons, Penny Mordaunt, said in her response it was an “important” issue. She added: “I will make sure that the Secretary of State has heard her concerns today. The departmental questions are not until early March, and I will ask her to issue a reply to the honourable lady and to consider what can be done to inform all members of this House.” The Government told This is Money most Universal Credit claimants get their NI records updated at the end of the tax year. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Previously, those eligible for NI credits, such as carers and those who receive Child Benefit, would get their record updated in the October after a financial year ends. A DWP spokesperson told This is Money: “All of the cases raised have now been resolved and we are sorry for any inconvenience caused. “We are working with HMRC on an improved process to add historic and future Universal Credit National Insurance credits to National Insurance records.” A person can check their NI record and how much state pension they are on track to receive using a tool on the Government website. The full basic state pension is currently £141.85 a week and a person typically needs 30 years of NI contributions to claim this. Those on the new state pension typically need 35 years of contributions to get the full £185.15 a week. State pension payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April, with the full basic state pension increasing to £156.20 a week while the new state pension is increasing to £203.85 a week. Express.co.uk has contacted the DWP asking for comment.