A striking lecturer has called on trade unions across different industries to start “coordinating action” if employers and the government don’t meet their demands. This comes as over 70,000 staff at 150 universities walk out over pay. Further strikes are due to take place on Friday after the University and College Union (USU) rejected a pay offer from employers, with 15 more days of walkouts planned for February and March.  The UCU expects 2.5 million students to be affected by its strike action over the next two months but the National Union of Students (NUS) has backed staff taking part in walkouts. The Universities and Colleges Employers Association (UCEA), representing 144 employers, said it has made a “full and final pay offer” of between 5% and 8%, described as the highest uplift in nearly 20 years. Leeds University lecturer Dr Nick Cartwright said staff were walking our over “long term issues” in the higher education sector. “One of the things I’m striking over is casualisation. I don’t think it’s good for students to be taught by staff on very temporary and very short term contracts. I think you get a better experience if you’re supported by lectures who are there full time and able to really give you the support.   He said UK universities, which Dr Cartwright concedes are “respected the world over”, are going in “a very dangerous direction at the moment.” “The educational experience of students has declined as the marketisation of university has increased”, he said. “It is in the interests of current students and in the interests of my children who will be going to university over the next four-to-20 years that we protect higher education.” Despite students having just having had to contend with the disruption brought on by Covid and now the cost of living crisis, Dr Cartwright believes students are supportive of the walkout. “Most students I’ve spoken to… are supportive of the strikes”, he said. “Covid did have an impact on the experience of students, but, just like schoolteachers and the NHS… university lecturers worked harder than they ever had before to make sure that that was mitigated and that should be respected by the employers. I would argue the students and staff are on the same side… the cost of living crisis not only affects students, it also affects us.” READ MORE: Triple killing at Epsom College sees UK shooting group back targeted gun law tightening  The cross-industry industrial action that Britain has weathered in recent months, has seen some within the trade union movement call on other strikers to coordinate their efforts in a mass walkout. Express.co.uk reported that nurses striking outside University College Hospital said they would support a general strike if “pushed to that point”. Although the TUC cannot lawfully call a general strike, following the 1982 Employment Act, trade unions can independently raise disputes with their employers to create what Dr Cartwright says would create “create all the effects of a general strike.” The Leeds lecturer said he supports the idea of trade unions working together to force the government and private employers to meet their demands. “It is really really important that we represent the issues that are common to the entire workforce”, he said. “There are commonality issues there and it is important that we use our voice to make that heard and therefore to put pressure on the employers and put pressure on the government. DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley's friend demands search of abandoned home asmum may have left CCTV pathDomestic abuse is a 'national emergency' says CommissionerPolice search for Nicola Bulley moves to the sea as boats spotted scouring coastline   “There is a time when concerted short term action may actually deliver benefits quicker than drawing out separate disputes in a disparate way. Coordinating action to put pressure on the employers and signal to government, I’m fully in favour of.” However he was quick to say that he was opposed to “coordinating action with the aim of causing the most disruption possible to the public I don’t think is anyone’s best interests and I don’t think any union would be pushing for that.” UCU general secretary Jo Grady has described the 5% pay offer for many university staff as a “huge real-terms pay cut” that would leave members “worse off”. She said: “We are striking for 48 hours this week and will take escalating action until we get a fair deal. University bosses hold over £40bn in reserves, but they would rather hoard that money than use just a fraction of it to settle our dispute and bring an end to the unprecedented strike action that is hitting universities. “Whilst they earn up to £714k a year, tens of thousands of our members are on insecure contracts, some as short as six weeks, and have seen their pay held down for over a decade.We have repeatedly asked bosses to explain why they refuse to deal with the issues that blight higher education. Yet they refuse to publicly justify their position. We know the bosses are in hiding because their position is indefensible.” 