 Madonna could be seen exchanging an intense look with Jozzy, who had wrapped her arm around the pop star’s shoulder. The pair then started kissing, with Madonna’s 18.7 million followers being able to see their tongues during the exchange. Madonna’s appearance at the awards ceremony was questioned by fans and other well-known names. Fans on social media blasted the singer’s appearance as they deemed her “unrecognisable” and said she had “destroyed her face” while some even said she looked like an “alien”. Broadcaster Piers Morgan, 57, took to social media on Monday morning with a photo of the singer at the award show, sarcastically noting in the caption: “I thought Halloween was in October.” Piers is the latest in a string of viewers and celebrities who were distracted by the Like A Virgin singer’s appearance. Madonna showed off her youthful side as she introduced Sam Smith and Kim Petras to perform their Grammy-winning song Unholy. The singer donned an all-black ensemble featuring a floor-length skirt with a knee-high slit and black blazer. ITV host Lorraine Kelly didn't hold back either as she gave her opinion on Madonna's appearance during a discussion with entertainment correspondent Ross King. Seeing a photo of the star at the Grammys, Lorraine was left stunned as she asked: “What's going on? “It looks like someone who has surgery to look like Madonna, She doesn't look like herself.” Ross agreed with Lorraine as she continued to share her upset that the star felt the need to change her appearance. DON'T MISS...Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys [LATEST]Pregnant Gemma Atkinson lifts weights in gym despite growing baby bump [PICTURES]Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old [DEBATE] She continued: “She can do whatever she likes, she’s Madonna she can do whatever she wants, she’s paid her dues. "But I think it’s a little bit disappointing that she feels she has to. “I always thought Madonna was above the rules. It’s a shame, it’s a shame but she’s still Madonna." Wearing her hair in tight braided ponytails, with two coming down her face, she took to the stage to applaud the “trouble makers”. She announced: “I’m here to give thanks to all the rebels out there, forging a new path and taking the heat for all of it. “You guys need to know, all you trouble makers out there, you need to know that your fearlessness does not go unnoticed. “You are seen, you are heard, and most of all, you are appreciated.” Although Madonna has never admitted to having plastic surgery, the singer confessed in 2012 she’s against speaking about it.