King Charles made a delightful, "surprising" comment to Call the Midwife creator Heidi Thomas as she was being awarded an Order of the British Empire. At Windsor Castle on Tuesday, the screenwriter and playwright, 60, was appointed an OBE for services to drama as her career nears 40 years. The BBC has recently commissioned her period drama to continue for another three series. With a twinkle in his eye, King Charles said: "You’ll probably run forever now". Mrs Thomas-McGann’s husband Stephen McGann, who was also in attendance, was pictured beaming with joy as Heidi stepped up to The King. His quiet comment was shared on Call the Midwife’s official Instagram page, where a tribute was given to Heidi’s achievements. READ MORE: America 'falling out of love' with Harry and Meghan after attack  The show wrote: "Heidi was appointed an Officer of The Order of the British Empire in the Queen’s Birthday Honours of 2022 for Services to Drama, and she attended the investiture accompanied by her husband Stephen McGann, who you’ll know as our beloved Dr Turner!" According to the social media post, Heidi said: "What a wonderful week to receive an honour for my work on Call the Midwife. To my surprise, the King had already heard that we have been recommissioned for three more series, and said 'You’ll probably run forever now' with a bit of a twinkle in his eye." She humbly said the OBE "belongs to everyone who loves the show" as much as she does. She credited the cast, the crew, the audience and her colleagues Annie Tricklebank and Dame Pippa Harris. The show started back in 2012 and is currently in its twelfth season, which has its finale on Sunday, February 26. Don't miss... Harry demands meeting with Charles and William before Coronation [LATEST] Poll reveals 95% think Harry and Meghan would 'ruin' King's Coronation [LATEST] Kate's 'proud mama' moment resurfaces as special bond exposed [LATEST] The ceremony on Tuesday at Windsor Castle also saw triple jumper Connie Henry and music producer Danny Poku receive honours. Euan Blair, entrepreneur and former Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair’s son, also collected an MBE for services to education. 