The headteacher of Epsom College spoke of the school's "exciting future" and the importance of moving forward just days before her tragic death. Emma Pattison was found dead along with her husband and seven-year-old daughter on Sunday at their home within the schools ground. But speaking just a week before her death Ms Pattison said the school could help shape "a really exciting future for the country". In an interview about the school post-Covid, the headteacher spoke of the importance of supporting her students in finding things that matter to them "for the rest of their lives". Speaking on the future she said: "As a leadership team, we want to establish a culture of ideas. "If you know someone is going to take your idea forward, give shape to it, and make sure it lands in the right forum, then you will keep coming forward with ideas.” She also spoke about the school's accessibility and her vision of wanting to become more diverse. Ms Pattison, who joined the school as headteacher in September, said: “If our pupils are going to lead in the world, let’s make sure that they really understand that world, they understand the structure of it, the problems, the issues and why things can’t just be fixed so easily. “The image of the exclusive private school has to be a thing of the past. Exclusivity is a dirty word nowadays. The independent schools’ sector has to offer something very different going forward, for its own pupils and for the social impact it could bring.” READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's daughters trying to keep life as normal as possible Ms Pattison lived with her husband George, a chartered accountant who was director of a management consultancy firm called Tanglewood 2016, and her daughter Lettie on the school grounds. Police are treating the tragedy as an "isolated incident" saying there was no third-party involvement. Dr Alastair Wells, Chair of the Board of Governors at Epsom College, said the school is in "utter shock and disbelief" at the "tragic news". He added: "Emma was a wonderful teacher, but most of all she was a delightful person. “In time we will commemorate Emma and her family, in the appropriate way, and in line with the wishes of her family." In a statement, the school said the news is “heartbreaking” as they demanded “time and space” to process the loss. In a statement on Sunday night Detective Chief Inspector Kimball Edey said: "On behalf of Surrey Police, my team, and I, I first want to express my sincerest condolences to the friends and family of Emma, Lettie and George, as well as to the students and staff of Epsom College, for their tragic loss. "I want to give my assurance that we will conduct a thorough investigation into what took place last night, and hope to be able to bring some peace in these traumatic circumstances. “I would ask that their privacy is respected at this very difficult time." The three deaths have been reported to the coroner.