Kate Middleton's brother James previously spoke about how "in London, you don’t have community", explaining why he and his French wife Alizee Thevenet moved to Berkshire two years ago. Now the couple feels "so lucky to live in a small village with 100 people and two pubs".  James, 35, and Alizee, who married 17 months ago in the South of France, have just secured permission to make profound alterations to the Grade II-listed farmhouse. Their home is very close to James’s parents, Michael and Carole Middleton, who also live in a house in Bucklebury. James and Alizee bought their own Bucklebury home in Berkshire for £1.45million in 2021. According to the Daily Mail, an "unsympathetic" conservatory will now be demolished and replaced with an oak-framed extension. READ MORE: Princess Anne plays 'wing-woman' in closest royal friendship  A revamped ground floor will boast a new entrance, balcony and porch, morning room, study, drawing room and boot room. Outside, there will be a new terrace and herb garden, while the driveway will be reconfigured and sealed off from the public road by electrically operated oak gates. James cooks elaborate dinners for his many dogs, who he is proud to own. He shared a photo to his followers of when the dining room was being furnished with cream walls and a large mirror was hung in a wooden frame on the wall.   In the photo, uploaded in March 2021, each of James' dogs could be seen seated around his wooden dining table. His stairway, which appeared to have black steps and a matching bannister, could also be seen in his mirror. The property has a fairly rural appearance. A large wooden dining table, ceiling beams, and a cast iron fireplace all feature inside the couple's open-concept living room. The dogs enjoy relaxing in front of the fireplace, which James will often share on his Instagram page. READ MORE: I made King Charles' £5 wild mushroom risotto with no garlic - video  In the living room, James has displayed a picture of one of his dogs when they were a puppy. The walls and floors of the space are an olive green colour. The walls are covered in wooden panelling in various places, and the piano is very retro looking, covered in old oak. To keep his pets safe, a black railing surrounds the fireplace. Prior to their move, the 35-year-old James told The Telegraph: “We are counting down the days until we get the keys to our new home and can be reunited with our belongings, which have been in storage for almost a year now. "We are country people and love going out for long walks. But one of the key reasons we wanted to live in the countryside was our six dogs.”  James and Alizee will likely be looking forward to the new alterations in their home, however, their neighbours who live just 130 yards away have received bleak news that the local council has rejected their appeal to let them demolish their bungalow, their home for seven years. The neighbours wanted to build a larger, flat-roofed replacement, however, their plans prompted an objection from James and Alizee Middleton.  The Middleton couple reportedly hired chartered town planner Lisa Jackson to write the objection letter. Aside from objecting to the size of the proposed new dwelling, Ms Jackson made it clear that her clients do not want the planting of well-spaced "instant" trees, dismissing the suggestion as "suburban in character".  