True Lies was first commissioned by CBS back in 2021 with excitement building over the past two years. Those who loved the 1990s movie are now going to be treated to the 13-episode drama about a married couple whose relationship alters when a massive secret is discovered. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the cast of True Lies. To his family, Harry Tasker is a computer consultant who regularly goes away for boring conferences but little do they know that he's actually a government spy. He is an elite intelligence officer who is out in the field, fighting crime and putting criminals behind bars. Actor Steve Howey will be recognised for playing Van Montgomery in The CW series Reba. He has also been in Showtime's Shameless, Bride Wars, Stuber, Day Shift and Something Borrowed. READ MORE: Matt Hancock uses £320K from I'm A Celeb pay to set up TV company Helen is a language professor and mother-of-two who finds herself bored and exhausted from her day to day life. Her marriage has grown stale until she finds out Harry's true profession and is brought on his team to help with their investigations. Helen is played by comedian and actress Ginger Gonzaga who played Jennifer Walters' best friend Nikki Ramos in the Disney+ series She-Hulk. Some of her other roles have been in Kidding, I'm Dying Up Here and Togetherness. Actor Omar Miller was Walter Simmons in CSI: Miami for three years before leaving in 2012. He was also Charles Greane in Ballers, Ben in The Unicorn and the voice of Raphael in Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and its film last year. Miller is behind Albert "Gib" Gibson who is Harry's teammate and friend, covering for him when he had to lie to Helen about work. However, he isn't exactly onboard with the idea of his wife starting to work with them. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife star hints at exit for Matthew after wedding [SPOILER]Below Deck Med’s Malia White admits she'd date another 'yachtie' [EXPLAINER]NCIS Hawaii fans 'can't stop crying' over Lucy and Kate milestone [REACTION] Luther is described as "smooth, confident and witty", who also works as a spy, pretending to be a computer consultant. He believes agents should stay single as getting involved with anyone away from work just makes everything too complicated. Actor Mike O'Gorman has featured in Vice Principals, Net_Work, The Apartment and Perry Mason. Luther has a strained working relationship with colleague Maria because of something that happened on a previous mission which she never lets him forget about. Actress Erica Hernandez has been in Bridge and Tunnel, The Truth and New Amsterdam. Actress Beverly has starred in a plethora of movies like the National Lampoon's Vacation films, American History and The House Bunny. She plays Captain Spencer Trilby, the director of Harry’s intelligence agency. Unlike Gib, Spencer is happy to welcome Helen to the team, believing she could be an asset. True Lies premieres on Wednesday, March 1, on CBS in the USA.