A man was brutally knocked out cold with a single punch as trouble flared outside the London Stadium before Chelsea's match against West Ham United in the Premier League on Saturday. Footage shared on Twitter appeared to show the man engaging in a verbal confrontation with a group of people before he was punched to the ground, where he remained for some time. The man in question was seen goading two others before another man rushed onto the scene and wasted no time in delivering a powerful blow to his jaw, which sent him crashing to the ground. The incident sparked a wild reaction from a number of bystanders, who shouted and whooped before the man was attended to by two others as he lay motionless on the floor. He was quickly placed into the recovery position while chants of 'Irons, Irons' were heard from others in the background. Express Sport have reached out to the Metropolitan Police for comment. The incident appeared to take place before kick-off at the London Stadium as people made their way into the ground for the match, which saw two early goals as Chelsea opened the scoring before West Ham equalised within the first 30 minutes. The visitors went ahead in the 16th minute through Joao Felix, who timed his run to perfection to latch onto Enzo Fernandez's clipped through ball to fire into the back of the net from close range. JUST IN: Graham Potter offers nine-word response over permanent Felix transfer Chelsea dominated proceedings for much of the opening half-hour but were pegged back against the run of play when former Blues defender Emerson Palmieri ran onto Jarrod Bowen's flick-on to beat Kepa Arrizabalaga from a tight angle. West Ham thought they had found a late second-half winner through Tomas Soucek, who bundled home a rebound from close range after Declan Rice's initial effort was parried away, but the goal was eventually ruled out by VAR after a lengthy intervention. The visitors were then denied what appeared to be a clear penalty as the clock ticked down when Soucek clearly handled the ball inside the area, only for referee Craig Pawson to wave away the protests. The incident was also not reviewed by VAR, to the annoyance of the Chelsea supporters in the away end behind the goal at the London Stadium. The match was a tense affair, with no love lost between cross-city rivals Chelsea and West Ham over the course of the 90 minutes. Both sides went into the fixture in desperate need of a win to ease their recent on-pitch woes, with the Blues having struggled under the guidance of Graham Potter as of late despite spending heavily to improve their ranks in the January transfer window. West Ham, meanwhile, find themselves fighting to stay in the Premier League after a turbulent campaign to date which has seen the position of manager David Moyes called into question by fans and pundits alike over the last few weeks. It remains to be seen whether the decision to deny Chelsea a last-gasp penalty will prove crucial to the Hammers' hopes of staying up when the season draws to a close, with every point gained set to have an important bearing on their fortunes at the end of the campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.