The Bay is coming back to ITV with a fourth outing and DS Jenn Townsend (played by Marsha Thomason) is back to solve another coastal-set mystery. The lead character took over from Morven Christie's DC Lisa Armstrong in season three. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new series including the release date and cast. Viewers will be pleased to hear just over a year after the season three finale, season four will air at the start of March. The official release date for the premiere is Wednesday, March 8, at 9pm on ITV1. After the episode has aired it will be available to watch on ITV Hub. The episodes will then continue to air weekly on Wednesdays in the same time slot. As was the case with the previous seasons, this season will be made up of six episodes. READ MORE: The Bay's Daniel Ryan pays tribute to co-star ahead of new season There are some new cast members joining this season including Unforgotten star Claire Goose as Chris Fischer's (Barry Sloane) ex-wife Jacqui. Ian Puleston-Davies, Karl Davies and Christopher Coghill also join the season four cast. The drama will follow the suspicious death of local mum of four Beth Metcalf. The four Metcalf children are played by Tom Taylor, Eloise Thomas, Will Oldfield and Ella Smith. Familiar faces returning including Daniel Ryan, Erin Shanagher, Thomas Law and Andrew Dowbiggin. This season will focus on one case across all six episodes, and it seems to have been a targeted attack. The synopsis reads: “When young mum of four Beth Metcalf dies in what seems to be a targeted attack, Morecambe’s MIU team are called to the scene. "Jenn immediately realises this shattered family will need every support available to them. “Bereft husband Dean finds himself at sea. Numb from shock and completely unprepared for being the sole carer to his four children he struggles at every turn – unable to process what’s happened. DON'T MISS... The Bay fans baffled as plot hole spotted in ITV drama 'Can't happen!' ‘What an ending!’ The Bay viewers stunned by shocking cliffhanger ‘Looks ridiculous!’ The Bay viewers call out error in ITV drama “As Jenn, Manning and the team dig deeper into the case, they discover secrets and lies lurk beneath every surface.” ITV’s head of drama, Polly Hill, teased Marsha Thomason's role will captivate viewers once more. She said: "Marsha Thomason’s casting in the last series was inspired, and Daragh Carville and the Tall Story Pictures team once again deliver a plot full of twists and turns that will keep you guessing to the end. "Whilst all set again the dramatic coastline of Morecambe, with its glorious sea and skyscapes.” Marsha has teased a "very different Jenn" in the new season, telling press: "Jenn’s much more settled in this year, you find a much more confident Jenn. "She was having a crisis of confidence last series and she’s much more in her comfort zone in her work this year." Now her family has settled in and her children are getting along with each other, she seems in a better place. Although she did tease newcomer Claire Goose throws a "spanner in the works".  The Bay season 4 starts on ITV on March 8