Gravy is a staple ingredient for otherwise dry dishes like sausages and mash or a roast dinner. While you can buy plant-based granules to quickly whisk into a thick sauce, a vegan chef has shared an easy recipe to make your own from scratch, and it uses an unlikely "secret ingredient". Omari McQueen is the UK’s youngest award-winning vegan chef and host of CBBC’s "What’s Cooking Omari?". While his recipe uses many of the same ingredients found in traditional gravy, Dipalicious founder uses jerk marinade as the "secret ingredient". The chef told Express.co.uk that the flavoursome addition "gives your roasts hints of warm spice and provides an unexpected kick to a classic dish". Made to accompany Meatless Farm's plant-based "chickenless roast", Omari shared his easy five-step recipe. READ MORE: Remove ‘hard-to-clean’ oven stains ‘overnight’ using 59p paste To make enough for four people, you need: DON'T MISS:Low sugar recipes to satisfy your sweet cravings using root vegetable [REVEAL]Mum’s simple method for 'super crispy bacon' in under 5 minutes [INSIGHT]Air fryer pancake recipe for 'fluffy pancakes' [RECIPE] To avoid lumpy gravy, the vegetables should be chopped very finely with a sharp knife. It is best to dice the red onion and slice the spring onions into thin rounds, along with the garlic. Heat a large saucepan on the hob for a few minutes with a drop of oil and add the diced ingredients. Saute over medium heat for one to two minutes to release the flavours. READ MORE: I made Mary Berry's 'delicious' zesty Scotch pancakes Next, add the secret ingredient (jerk marinade). You need just two teaspoons of this for a rich flavour so use sparingly. You can buy the Encona Jamaican-style marinade in Tesco for just £1.75. You should avoid BBQ-style sauces as you won't get the same flavour. Along with the sauce, add the chopped tomatoes, browning sauce and all-purpose seasoning to the pan. The Cajun seasoning, half of the vegetable stock (150ml) and all of the corn flour can also be poured in at this point. For a smooth finish, transfer the contents of the pan into a blender and pulse until you get a thick consistency. Add the remaining 150ml of vegetable stock to the mixture to loosen it up. Once the liquid is pourable - but not watery, you can fill up your favourite gravy jug ready to serve. Critics who have tried the recipe have branded it "buttery" and "juicy", making it "perfect" for plant-based roasts.