Kate, Princess of Wales is exceptionally stylish and never fails to impress whether out and about casually, at a royal engagement or on a red carpet. However, the Royal Family are no exception when it comes to style mishaps due to volatile weather. Royal women rarely wear dresses that fall much above the knee, and they often sit in certain positions - like the Duchess slant - to preserve their modesty. Kate is particularly respectful of royal protocol and despite having lovely legs, the public can rarely catch a glimpse. However, there have been a few occasions Kate's dress has blown up in the wind due to the volatile British weather. Daena Borrowman, PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, spoke to Express.co.uk about royal fashion protocol. READ MORE: Meghan shared how women can look 'a million times better' in clothes She stated: "There are dozens of protocols in place that stylists and dressers of the royals have to familiarise themselves with to prevent working royals from landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas. "It is customary for senior royals to dress modestly during public appearances, in order to preserve the sanctity of the Royal Family. "Royal women are expected to wear pantyhose whenever their legs are exposed in public. "Kate Middleton, who favours nude pantyhose and has worn it with many iconic outfits, has often triggered the sellout of nude pantyhose. "Pennies or small weights are sewed into the hemlines of dresses to avoid them being blown up by a strong gust of British wind." But over the years there have been a few occasions where Kate's shorter dresses have appeared to be sans pennies. Consequently they have billowed in a gust of wind, showing more leg than the royal might have hoped. In 2011, Kate looked fabulous wearing a pretty butter-yellow dress in Canada. READ MORE: Meghan's fashion choice that Princess Diana would avoid - pictures She was pictured talking to soldiers at Calgary International Airport. A gust of wind blew her dress up, exposing the now Princess' thigh. Nevertheless, the royal looked stunning in the knee-length number, complete with a Peter Pan collar and large butter-yellow buttons. She paired the look with nude patent pumps and a gold and diamond clutch purse. As for hair and makeup, Kate opted for the natural look, loose curls, a touch of blush and mascara. Kate had a similar wardrobe malfunction three years later in Wellington, New Zealand. On April 7, 2014, she stepped off the plane wearing a chic, red, military-style coat dress with silver buttons. But despite the structured, sturdy look of the dress, it was no match for the weather and it blew up in the wind. The stylish yet savvy royal was holding a young Prince George at the time and managed to expertly preserve her modesty with one hand and cradle her baby with the other.