The Kansas City Chiefs will face the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LVII on Sunday night in the NFL's championship game. It's the game that players dream of featuring in just once in their careers, which many great stars never get the opportunity to achieve. But for the Eagles and Chiefs many will be doing so for the second time, with both teams making the Super Bowl in the past five years. And while the focus is on the 22 men on the field on any given play, it's not just football players that strive for an opportunity to perform at the Super Bowl, but musical artists too. In the years past, the Super Bowl has seen some of the world's biggest stars perform at half-time, with Michael Jackson, Prince, Diana Ross, Beyonce and Madonna taking centre stage. It remains one of the most watched shows across the world each year, and tonight, Rihanna will get her moment to perform - her first on-stage solo show since 2016 after taking a long hiatus from music and recording. But how long will Rihanna's performance be, how many songs will she sing and will she bring out guests? Here is all you need to know ahead of this years half-time performance.  The Super Bowl game will kick off at 11:30pm UK time tonight (Sunday, February 12) in Arizona. For Rihanna fans, the time to be ready is likely to be around 1am. The Super Bowl half-time usually lasts around 25-30 minutes, with the crew needing to get Rihanna's stage ready rapidly before the show and off quickly afterwards. Therefore, the show is expected to last anywhere between 12-15 minutes. The over/under betting line has been set at 9.5 songs, so it's fair to say we could see anywhere between seven and 12 songs from the pop queen tonight. Fans can expect the Barbadian singer to include all of her biggest hits, including Umbrella, Diamonds, Don't Stop The Music, Rude Boy and even Lift Me Up, from Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, which has been nominated for an Oscar at next month's ceremony. It is unclear if Rihanna will bring on any guests, something which The Weeknd chose not to do during his show in 2021. But rappers Jay-Z, Drake and ASAP Rocky have been rumoured to be potentials.