Elena Rybakina’s coach Stefano Vukov has come under fire once again despite the Wimbledon champion releasing a statement that slammed what she claimed were “disturbing” comments about her mentor. Pam Shriver initially called for the world No 10 to ditch Vukov after disagreeing with his behaviour in her player box at the Australian Open and retired pro Marion Bartoli has echoed her comments, calling Rybakina’s coach’s conduct “unacceptable”.  Following her run to the Australian Open final, Rybakina’s coach has been criticised once again by 2013 Wimbledon champion Bartoli just days after the Kazakh was forced to release a statement blasting the “fake news” that Vukov treated her badly. It comes after former pro-turned-coach Shriver took to Twitter to call on the 23-year-old to find a new coach who “speaks and treats her with respect”. While the Wimbledon champion was quick to dispute any claims that her coach was exhibiting alarming behaviour, Bartoli has shared her agreement with Shriver in a new podcast episode. “The way Rybakina’s coach is talking to Rybakina on the court is just not something I can accept. I just can’t take that any more,” the former world No 7 told Match Points. It comes after Pam Shriver tweeted: “As I watch Rybakina try to win her second major in 7 months, I hope she finds a coach who speaks and treats her with respect at ALL times and does not ever accept anything less.” JUST IN: Djokovic, Nadal and Federer's greatest Slam wins after Novak's verdict   And the Frenchwoman also echoed Shriver’s calls for Rybakina to find a new coach, adding: “I sincerely hope for her sake and for her to be able to continue that game that she will be able to find a coach that talks with respect to her no matter what the result is because she is really trying her hardest on the court.” Bartoli explained that she was basing her opinion on her own experience as a coach seeing how others acted away from the cameras, as she branded Vukov’s behaviour “unacceptable”. She continued: “To see someone going hard at her in such a negative way - and I’ve seen that in the past myself, much more at events when I was with Jelena Ostapenko when she was playing those events as well, in some practice courts when there is no cameras - he is behaving in some ways I can’t accept.” Rybakina is yet to address the latest criticism of her coach but has already released an impassioned statement on what she thought were “disgusting” claims. “After a great AO, I have seen some disturbing comments on social media about the behaviour of my coach Stefano Vukov. I want to clarify any misinterpretations,” she wrote in a lengthy Instagram post.  DON'T MISS Andy Murray names Kyrgios and Federer as £300m Aus Open gamble failsNovak Djokovic's full injury diagnosis shared by Australian Open bossNick Kyrgios tipped to 'bring down' Djokovic as Aussie star weighs in  “Stefano has believed in me for many years, before anyone else did. We plotted a strategy together in how I could achieve great things and his method shows in my Grand Slam success so far. He is a passionate coach, with a lot of knowledge about tennis. “Unlike people that are making these comments, he has great knowledge about me as a person and as an athlete. Those who know me well, will know that I would never accept a coach that didn’t respect me and all our hard work. I may be quiet on court and in general, but inside me is a competitive athlete that wants to achieve great things and Stefano has helped me greatly in this way. So please disregard any fake news to the contrary.” 