On Monday morning, ITV viewers tuned in to get the latest headlines from Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Ben Shephard. Although audiences were left confused when a voiceover announced it was Friday 3 February, when it was in fact a Monday. Recently, the breakfast show has been slammed for its series of on-air blunders with main anchor Susanna Reid having been left frustrated at the production crew.It’s been reported the 52-year-old had to confront bosses over the recurring inaccuracies, misspellings and errors on the show.The ITV presenter spoke to production in order to ensure there were high standards on Good Morning Britain as The Sun claims she told executives the on-screen mistakes made the programme look stupid.However, despite raising her frustrations last week Susanna had to face yet another blunder on Monday morning. READ MORE:Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' With a voiceover introducing the breakfast show, they announced: “You’re watching Good Morning Britain on Friday the third of February.”Although the actual date the show was airing was Monday, 6 February.Noticing the error, Susanna and Ben seemed to laugh it off but it's added to a list of humiliating mistakes that executives keep facing.A show insider said the two hosts were left shocked at yet another blunder following the faults from last week. They said: “Susanna and Ben were stunned, especially after last week’s mishaps.“To get the date of the show wrong is pretty poor by anybody’s standards, it was the worst possible start to the week.“She’s let this one go, with a few eye rolls, but they keep happening.”Another source blamed the errors on the staff being swamped as they touched on the recent incidents. DON'T MISS... Olivia Colman is unrecognisable as Miss Havisham in Great Expectations [VIDEO] GMB fans slam Happy Valley debate as guest calls series 'unhealthy' [REACTION] Dancing on Ice viewers ‘fuming’ as Ekin-Su forced to leave competion [DANCING ON ICE]  They told The Sun: “It’s actually really sad, the production team seem totally in, they just seem overwhelmed.”One of the on-screen mistakes saw news correspondent Ben Chapman reporting a segment live in Romania, however, his surname was spelt wrong.Another mishap occurred when the word “remembering” was also spelt incorrectly when the show was handling a sensitive subject of a celebrity death.The wrong date was also written on screen in another incident while Susanna fronted the show. Despite the errors, the GMB host took to social media on Friday to praise the show’s viewing figures.Taking to Twitter, she wrote: “RATINGS: terrific figures for yesterday’s @gmb (and a great week)."Highest Thursday numbers since June 2021, up 9 per cent and +3.8 share points against the same day last year. We love that you are watching," the broadcaster continued. "Back on Monday with @benshephard."Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV from 6am.