Last weekend, Patsy Palmer and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu landed in the Dancing on Ice skate-off, but after performing again, all four judges decided to save the former EastEnders star. According to the bookmakers’ latest odds, Patsy is at risk of being given the boot and could land in the bottom two with Darren Harriott. Ladbrokes have shared their latest predictions and suggest, Patsy who has odds of ¼ and Darren, who has odds of 7/2, are most likely to be sent home this weekend. Elsewhere, at the other end of the scale, Nile Wilson is now odds-on with the bookies to go all the way and win the series at 5/6. However, Joey Essex is hot on his heels with odds of 11/4 to be crowned the winner. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Punters are seemingly convinced Patsy Palmer's time on the ice is all but up... we'd be staggered if she makes it through to next week." READ MORE: Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Sophie's true identity He added: "It's at best a two-horse race for this year's crown now, with Nile Wilson and Joey Essex going head-to-head and pulling further away from the chasing pack." One celebrity that will be missing from the line-up tonight is The Wanted star Siva Kaneswaran. On Saturday, Dancing on Ice bosses confirmed the pop star would not be skating due to illness. Speaking about his absence, Sibva said: “I'm gutted that I won't be performing this weekend.  “I picked up a bug earlier in the week which I haven’t been able to shake so I need to rest and get myself better. “Good luck to all the contestants this weekend - I'm looking forward to watching everyone's performances!" A Dancing on Ice spokesperson added: "Due to illness Siva will not skate in this weekend's show. “We look forward to welcoming him back next weekend.” DON'T MISS...BBC viewers 'switch off' as fans blast Michael McIntyre's new look [REACTION]Brits viewers in uproar over Tom Grennan's 'inappropriate' comment [VIDEO]ITV viewers complain minutes into Brit Awards as fans slam format  [INSIGHT] Tonight, the remaining celebrities will be fighting for their place in the competition. After they have performed, the public will vote on which couple they want to stay. The two celebrities who receive the least amount of votes will then have to skate again. The judging panel will have the casting vote and will decide which pairing stays and which pairing goes. Last weekend, Ekin-Su was booted from the competition after landing in the bottom two with Patsy. The former Love Island star looked gutted as she told Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield she "fell in love with the ice". She said: "We put in so much time, and all the other work I had coming up at the time, this was my priority and I gave everything to it. “And I love it, I fell in love with the ice.” Dancing on Ice airs on Sunday at 6.25pm on ITV.