Tonight (Friday, February 10, 2023), Channel 5 will broadcast a special programme called "Vanished: Where Is Nicola Bulley?" which follows the search so far for the missing mum-of-two. Channel 5 News presenter Dan Walker announced the Nicola Bulley special on social media on Friday. In the hour-long documentary, Dan Walker will explore the circumstances of Nicola Bulley's disappearance a fortnight ago, talking to experts, police, and those who know Nicola. The partner of missing mother-of-two Nicola Bulley has said the family will never give up hope of finding her. Paul Ansell said they were going through "unprecedented hell". "But that hope and that positivity in me is stronger than ever, and I’m never, ever going to let go," he told 5 News presenter Dan Walker. "Nikki would never give up on us ever. She wouldn’t give up on anybody. "And we’re not gonna ever give up on her like, we’re going to find her." Paul added: "There has to be a way to find out what happened, there has to be. You cannot, you cannot walk your dog down a river and just vanish into thin air. "Something happened that day, something…" The programme comes as police announced an investigation into reports of a ‘shabby’ red van seen near where she went missing. It was seen close to Ms Bulley’s walking route on the morning she disappeared, parked in a lane near the school where she dropped her two daughters before walking her dog by the river. The vehicle was described by a witness as being a faded red-coloured high-sided Renault or Transit. He told The Sun: "Obviously, I don’t know whether this van is related to Nicola’s disappearance. All I know is that something grabbed my attention. I felt compelled to tell police about it. "Even though it was down the road, as the crow flies it’s quite close to where Nicola was last seen." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news click here. Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts - Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.