Clarkson's Farm has returned with a second outing and Jeremy Clarkson's girlfriend Lisa Hogan is one of the main stars. There is a 13-year age gap between the pair, with the Dublin-born former model being 49. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who she used to be married to. Lisa has addressed her future with Jeremy and it appears marriage is not on the cards this time. The pair had been set up by friends at a party in 2017 and they have since started living together at Diddly Squat Farm. Lisa spoke to Fabulous Magazine about their future, saying: "Mrs Clarkson? No, thank you, I like Lisa Hogan. We decided not to have children together. “We’re at a stage where we are not going to have kids. I’m just happy pootling along. I think because of our age, it’s much easier. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show "You go: ‘God, is it you I end up with? OK, that’s it.’ "But it’s relaxing knowing you are not going to be with anybody else. It gives you a certain amount of liberation.” Lisa's ex-husband is Baron Steven Bentinck and the pair split back in 2011. They had been married for 30 years and had three children together. Lisa used to live with Bentinck at Moyns Park in Essex when they were married. After the divorce, she formed a relationship with Canadian businessman Craig Cohan, who produces the Cirque du Soleil. The couple met in Moscow when Lisa was staying with a friend, who invited Craig to a birthday party. It is not known when their relationship ended, but they were pictured together at an event at Battersea Power Station in April 2014. DON'T MISS... Clarkson's Farm's land is among the biggest in the local area Pip Lacey is Jeremy Clarkson's chef and here's all you need to know Jeremy Clarkson under fire from dyslexic lawyer after comment on show Jeremy Clarkson has also been married twice before, firstly to Alex Hall in 1989, with the marriage lasting for six months. His second marriage was to manager Frances Cain in 1993 and the couple share three children together, but split in 2014. Lisa and Jeremy dated for a few months before deciding to settle down in a relationship. The former model said as she had come from a long-term relationship, she wanted to make sure things would definitely work out. Lisa's new role is being in charge of the farm shop at Diddly Squat Farm, but it was not an easy task. After a number of run-ins with the local authority, they had to make some changes. Jeremy is on Instagram and he shares updates about Lisa regularly. He posted a slow-motion video of Lisa diving backward off of a boat, saying: "Just amazing. I mean she was born in the sixties."  Clarkson's Farm season 2 is on Amazon Prime Video. The series has been renewed for a third season.