Earlier this month, King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla opened the doors to Buckingham Palace to celebrate the contribution East and South-East Asian communities make to Britain. More than 300 people were invited to the reception from across various sectors. YouTubers Joshua Carrot and Oliver Kendal, who host the "Korean Englishman" channel centred around sharing South Korean culture and food attended and during a conversation with the King they discussed Korean cuisine. The content creators were “amazed” the King had heard of them, and in return asked if he had ever eaten Korean food. The monarch confessed an intolerance of spice. Joshua told PA: "He said he was a big fan of the food. He liked everything unless it was a bit too spicy." Spice is not the only food King Charles dislikes, despite Former royal chef Darren McGrady describing him as a “foodie”. The King is said to avoid foie gras; the animal product comes from duck or goose, and can only be produced after the animal is force-fed to enlarge their liver. READ MORE: Kate Middleton frequently breaks Queen's golden food rule Back in 2008, Andrew Farquharson, deputy master of the household at Clarence House, revealed that his chefs had been ordered not to buy or serve the food. At the time, Charles, who was the Prince of Wales had a “policy that his chefs should not buy foie gras”. Former manager of the Welsh Culinary Team, Graham Tinsley MBE previously revealed some of the King's other culinary 'quirks'. "[King] Charles doesn't like chocolate, he doesn't like coffee, nor does he like garlic. So we do have to consider these things when we're creating a menu for him," Graham said. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims [VIDEO]Skincare experts share ‘key’ to preventing ‘wrinkly and saggy’ skin [EXPERT]‘Kill weeds’ with a solution that's better than ‘industrial’ chemicals [GUIDE] "Wherever he goes for a banquet, he always takes a few things with him to be placed on his table. “He always takes a little silver Maldon sea salt container, and his favourite cushion. You can always spot [King] Charles' place setting at a table, because all his bits and pieces are there." There are several foods the King does enjoy, however; biscuits, tea and mushrooms. Duchy Originals was founded by Charles in 1990 to champion organic farming and in 2010, it was merged with Waitrose to become the Waitrose Duchy Organic brand available on shelves today. READ MORE: Clever method to cook rice in 25 mins - no boiling or steaming The first product the brand created was an oat biscuit, and they are said to be the King’s favourite biscuits to accompany cheese. According to My London, a source revealed the King likes his biscuits pre-warmed to a certain temperature, otherwise he prefers not to eat them at all. The unnamed source said: “Charles enjoys cheese and biscuits at the end of many of his meals. Since he’s particular about everything, he insists that they be a certain temperature. The staff keeps a warming pan just to make sure they are hot enough for his liking." Just like many royal members, the King loves tea and is very particular about how he likes it made. According to reports, there are rules for each type of tea consumed by the monarch and the different sweeteners that are added. Even the placement of the teacup handle and spoon is said to be particular. His favourite blend is Darjeeling with honey and milk, a tea grown in West Bengal, India, that is rich in taste and highly fragrant. Darren McGrady also revealed the Kings love for foraging ingredients: “I cooked lamb a lot at Buckingham Palace…[Charles] loves wild mushrooms and would take his chefs to Balmoral to show them where the best mushrooms are. We brought them back to Buckingham Palace and they were the most amazing porcini mushrooms."