Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, are still undecided over whether to attend King Charles’s Coronation, sources close to the couple have revealed. The Sussexes will be invited to join the 2,000 guests at the Westminster Abbey ceremony on May 6 though Harry is not expected to play any official role.  The Mirror reports neither the King nor Prince William have spoken directly to Harry and Meghan about their attendance at the historic event. Harry reportedly wants a summit with his father and brother before travelling to Britain from his home in Montecito, California. A source told the same publication: "Harry has been very clear and his position hasn’t wavered. He isn’t going to come if he feels the atmosphere will be as toxic as it was during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and funeral. "He’s said he wants to reconcile with his family and it’s their call, but so far nothing has changed."   There are reports that members of the Royal Family expect the Sussexes to be at the Coronation, despite the claims and allegations levelled against the Windsors in Harry's memoir, Spare, and the couple's Netflix series. Royal commentators have suggested three possible scenarioes, with both Harry and Meghan attending; only the Duke showing up or neither of them. The Mirror's source said: "Whatever they do it will most likely be as a family." The birthday of Harry and Meghan's son, Archie, is on the same day as the Coronation. King Charles's Coronation will be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, who Charles is believed to have asked to broker a deal which would see Harry attend the event. Charles and Camilla will arrive at the Abbey in procession from Buckingham Palace, known as the King's procession. After the service they will return to the palace in a larger ceremonial procession, known as the Coronation procession, joined by other members of the Royal Family. READ ABOUT KING CHARLES'S FAVOURITE GRANDCHILD   At the palace, Charles and Camilla will be joined by family members on the balcony to conclude the day's ceremonial events. But the palace has not said exactly which family members will appear in the Coronation procession or on the balcony. In an interview with Tom Bradby on ITV in January, Harry said of the Coronation: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then, but you know, the door is always open, the ball is in their court. "There is a lot to be discussed and I really hope they are willing to sit down and talk about it." DON'T MISS: Princess Margaret's 'incredible' morning routine angers some fans [REVEALED] Kate Middleton shrugs off Prince William in ‘awkward’ moment [REPORT] Harry and Meghan force Palace to make three Coronation scenarios [LATEST]  It is understood invitations to the Coronation could be sent out in a matter of days as more details emerge about the day itself. Today (February 14) it emerged that the controversial Koh-i-noor diamond will not feature in the Coronation of the Queen Consort, with Camilla opting to reuse the crown it used to be set in instead. The famous gem was first set in a cross at the front of Queen Mary's crown when it was worn at her Coronation in 1911, but it was replaced by a replica in 1937 when the original was moved to the Queen Mother's crown for her and George VI's Coronation. But neither the original nor the replica will be used in the Coronation of the King and Camilla, with diamonds from the late Queen's personal collection used instead, a Buckingham Palace spokeswoman said.  The Koh-i-noor was seized by the East India Company after its victory in the Second Anglo-Sikh War of 1849. It was given to Queen Victoria and has remained in the Crown Jewels ever since. The governing party of Indian prime minister Narendra Modi is reported to have expressed concern the famous gem would provide an unwelcome reminder of the British Empire. Camilla is set to become the first consort since the 18th century to reuse a crown at a Coronation.  She will pay tribute to Elizabeth II by replacing the Koh-i-noor with the Cullinan III, IV and V diamonds, all of which were part of her personal jewellery collection. Buckingham Palace said Camilla chose to modify the existing crown - rather than commission a new one as is customary - to be more sustainable. The last consort to reuse a crown was Queen Caroline, the consort of George II who wore one belonging to Mary of Modena, consort of James II, in 1727. The crown has been removed from display at the Tower of London for the modification work. 