The maths expert took to Twitter this morning to mark the romantic day with a rare insight into her unconventional love life. Carol Vorderman declared “love is love”, in a candid message to her 705,000 followers. The star wrote alongside a love heart GIF: “Happy Valentine’s Day “To all of my friends including the ‘special’ ones. “To every kind person. “And to the millions of singletons who don’t feel they need one person to ‘complete’ them. Love is love.” Carol also took to her Instagram page to share the same positive message, alongside a stunning snap of the star showing off her sensational curves in a skintight red dress. READ MORE... Blake Lively wows with post-baby body as she welcomes fourth child The BBC Radio Wales host then shared another reassuring post for all the singletons.  Countdown’s numbers expert penned: “Happy Valentine’s  “Some numbers....cos I like numbers.  “Over 40% of adults in the UK are single. “The rest are married, how many happily we can only guess. “So today is a ‘love is love’ day. “Do no harm and smile,” Carol concluded, with two red love heart emojis. It comes after the presenter, who has been divorced twice, opened up about her preference for having “special friends” to have fun with rather than opting for a long-term committed relationship. DON'T MISS:Holly Willoughby divides fans with 'ridiculous' Dancing On Ice dressStacey Solomon shares Disney-themed name she's given newborn daughterRicky Gervais mocks Sam Smith in dig after star's BRITs appearance Carol recently spilled she has five "special friends", and they all know about each other. Addressing her love life during an appearance on Michelle Visage's Rule Breakers podcast on BBC Sounds, the Channel 4 legend revealed she has been using her "special friends" system for the past 10 years. Carol insisted the method works for her, and she is having "the best time". She confessed to the Drag Race judge: "Everyone is single, it's a happy place." Carol added: "The language around a woman of particularly my generation when we were growing up, you know, if you’d had more than one partner before you got married you were this you were that. “Everything was derogatory about a woman... everything was judgemental...You can take that and throw it out of the window! That’s my polite way of saying what you can do with that.” The former Countdown host tied the knot for the first time to Royal Navy officer Christopher Mather in 1985, but their marriage only lasted one year. She went on to marry management consultant Patrick King in 1990 and they share two children – Katie, 30, and Cameron, 25. Carol and Patrick split in 2000, before the star began dating journalist Desmond Kelly for five years, until they parted ways in 2007.