The actor, 83, has shared the first details of the reboot of Fawlty Towers on GB News and insisted he would never return to the BBC. John Cleese told Dan Wootton, he was “lucky” to work with the broadcaster in the past but is now looking for a new home for the sequel. He explained: “I’m not doing it with the BBC because I won’t get the freedom. “I was terribly lucky before, because I was working for the BBC in the late Sixties, Seventies, and the beginning of the Eighties. "That was the best time because the BBC was run by people with real personalities who loved the medium and who were operating out of confidence, which was okay because there wasn’t so much competition. "Then John Birt came in and said if the BBC didn’t match the viewing figures that the commercial channels were getting they’d get their license revoked. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered "So then they started going for the biggest audiences and tended to go for the lowest common denominator while always denying they were doing that.” John continued: “If you look at a paper now from 1985 and look at the TV shows available that evening and compare what they are now - basically in Britain we’ve gone from what was a middle-class culture with all its failings to a tabloid culture and that is why there is so much of this screaming at people.” Many comedy fans were thrilled to here Fawlty Towers would be returning and John was happy to share how the sequel idea came about. He revealed: “My daughter and I have been writing together for 16 years – which people don’t know. “She met a guy and they chatted briefly and we were all in Las Vegas together because I was doing a show with her and we had dinner and we suddenly realised that if we do a sequel, first of all it’s interesting. “Secondly, it doesn’t rely upon Manuel – dear Andy Sachs who’s not with us anymore, and Prue Scales who has difficulty remembering stuff - and certainly almost everyone else is dead.” John went on to tease details of what the new episodes may look like. DON'T MISS...Millennial watches Fawlty Towers and 'couldn't believe her eyes' [REVIEW]POLL – Do you think John Cleese should reboot Fawlty Towers? [POLL]John Cleese's Monty Python co-star's fears over Fawlty Towers reboot [LATEST] The Basil Fawlty star commented: “When I look at old clips now all these wonderful English character actors aren’t with us anymore. “So suddenly we thought that if the only continuing character is Basil, then we can come up with something surprising. "Then we thought, 'Where?’ Not in a small English town, but somewhere more fun and much more different - say a Caribbean island or something like that with a small bijou hotel with a few rich people coming to stay!” Before Fawlty Towers returns to TV though, John will be back on screens for his new GB News show. He will be fronting Dinosaur Hour, which is very excited about. “I've been working with a couple of guys on it,” John detailed. “And the whole idea of being able to create a show from scratch without anyone looking over our shoulders is extraordinary. “I mean, you wouldn't get an offer like this anywhere else on the planet. It's extraordinary. “And I'm really looking forward to it because I think that there are so many cliches in ordinary television so it would be nice just to try and avoid those.” The full interview with John Cleese is available to watch on GB News.