The View host Joy Behar left the audience in disbelief as she took a dig at the residents of East Palestine, Ohio as they struggle to recover from a toxic train crash. A train carrying chemicals derailed at the start of the month, leaving locals fearing for their health and homes. But Behar questioned Ohio residents for their voting record as she suggested their support for Donald Trump – who delivered major cuts in safety measures – could have played a role in the incident. Both in the 2016 and the 2022 presidential elections, a majority of the state cast a vote for Trump. The View presenter said: "I don’t know why they would ever vote for him, somebody who, by the way, he placed someone with deep ties to the chemical industry in charge of the EPA's chemical safety office. "That's who you voted for in that district — Donald Trump, who reduces all safety." The live studio audience could be heard gasping after Behar's comment. And her former co-host Meghan McCain took to social media to rage at the "evil" dig. JUST IN: Parents arrested as five-week-old US twins hospitalised with broken ribs and legs McCain, an outspoken critic of Donald Trump who used to serve as the conservative panellist on the show, slammed the comment as "evil" as she raged on social media. McCain said: "The people of East Palestine are currently in fear that they and their children will be getting cancer or worse from the derailment toxins in their land and water. "This is just an evil thing to say. I would say I can’t fathom this level of cruelty and elitism but sadly… I can." iHeart presenter Buck Sexton accused the presenter of "psychotic contempt" towards Trump supporters as he hit out at Behar's comments. READ MORE: Bodycam footage shows moment man accused of killing journalist and 9-year-old is arrested He said: "Joy Behar implies that the people of East Palestine voted for Trump, so they got what they deserve. "The psychotic contempt of idiotic elites for Trump *voters* has corroded brains and souls." Former Ohio State Senator Nina Turner simply commented: "I'm disgusted." And meteorologist Janice Dean said: "This person has long overstayed her welcome. "Joy Behar you are a disgrace. And so is The View for allowing you to stay in that chair." DON'T MISSJournalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] Behar's comments came after Donald Trump personally headed to East Palestine to meet with residents. The former president donated a dozen of pallets of water and cleaning supplies to the community as he insisted the country would keep on supporting them. He said: "You are not forgotten. We stand with you. We pray for you. And we will stand with you and your fight to help ensure the accountability that you deserve." Despite reassurances from authorities, residents have expresses concerns about drinking water from local wells and have reported experiencing headaches, dizziness and coughing blood since the train crash. They also lamented the federal government has not been forthcoming with financial support to aid affected families and businesses. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews