Love Island's Kaz Crossley, 27, has been arrested in Dubai and is reportedly in prison on drug offences. This comes after a video surfaced of the Love Island star snorting a white substance in 2020 when the UK were under strict Covid-19 restrictions. The reality star has been detained at Abu Dhabi airport while transferring to a flight to Thailand, where undertakes voluntary work, according to reports. This comes after a video surfaced of Kaz in Dubai in 2020, appearing to snort a suspicious white powder while other influencers flocked to the area to escape the UK's strict covid restrictions. Kaz was arrested on Monday, with an insider claiming, according to the MailOnline that "her name obviously raised a red flag" when her passport was checked. She has since been moved to a Dubai prison, where she was reportedly refused a phone call to her family, but was permitted to send a single email. READ MORE: Dick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer A Foreign Office spokesman said: "We are in contact with the local authorities following the arrest of a British national in the United Arab Emirates". A source has since told The Sun: "She was looking forward to getting back to Thailand where she has been doing voluntary work and all of a sudden she is languishing in a Dubai jail. "Everyone knows how strict they are about drugs over there. She must be terrified. "She had only stopped off in Abu Dhabi to catch a connecting flight but her name has obviously raised a red flag. "She was allowed to send just one email and wasn't even allowed to make a phone call." Express.co.uk have contacted Kaz's representatives for comment. Dubai has very serious drug laws and first-time offenders are known to be given a minimum of three months in prison and a fine between £4,559 and £22,799. Previously, it would be a minimum of four years in prison for any drug use and suspects are eventually deported to their home state and banned from returning to the UAE. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith after BRITs appearance distracts viewers [OPINION] Sarah Michelle Gellar causes a stir with naked snap [PICS] Priscilla Presley hits out at US star after Elvis gifting claims [COMMENT] While it is not known the exact reason why Kaz has been arrested, it is assumed that the United Arab Emirates authorities were probing the 2020 video. In it, Kaz can be seen wearing an orange mini dress while holding a nostril as she snorted a white powder at an event in Dubai. Kaz was one of many influencers who had travelled to Dubai for "work purposes" when travelling was banned for UK citizens during the height of the lockdown in 2020. Just before the video was released, Kaz shared her massive life change as she purchased her second property. Captioning the post, she penned: "Just got the keys to my second property and a new home in Manchester! "Feels so surreal, I remember the days I couldn’t even afford the bus. Grateful for this journey." Her last Instagram post was when she took a short trip to Dublin four days ago. Kaz shot to fame on the 2018 series of Love Island which saw her take the world by storm, being paired with Josh Denzel in Casa Amor.