The former Conservative MP for West Suffolk caused controversy when he signed up to I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! Now, it seems Matt Hancock has his heart set on a TV career after using his wages to set up a production company. Matt may now be switching careers permanently, swapping the corridors of parliament for a life in media and production. The star has set up a new television programming and broadcasting company. According to Companies House, the firm which is trading under the name Greenhazel was registered in January at an address in Newmarket, Suffolk. It has not been confirmed what Matt hopes to produce but the public will no doubt be keen to find out what he has planned. READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series It has been rumoured the former MP’s emphasis will be on documentaries. Meanwhile, it was confirmed Matt donated a portion of his I’m A Celebrity! pay cheque to two charities. Speaking to the Metro, a spokesperson said: “As well as raising the profile of his dyslexia campaign in front of 11 million viewers. “Matt donated £10,000 to St Nicholas Hospice in Suffolk and the British Dyslexia Association.  “(This was) off the back of his appearance on I’m a celebrity…Get Me Out of Here.” Apart from his stint on I’m A Celebrity, Matt has also appeared on the gruelling Channel 4 reality show Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins. He is reportedly pocketing £45,000 for taking part in the series. Earlier this month, Matt faced a grilling from Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley about his career and upcoming stints on-screen. DONT MISS EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours   [LATEST] EastEnders fans 'work out' Ravi Gualti killed after stalking Denise... [NEWS] Emmerdale reunion for Paddy and Chas as they make 'amends' [TV] His appearance on the show sparked backlash with viewers describing his interview as a “car crash". Some fans weren't happy that Matt accepted the amount to appear on I'm A Celeb and did not donate more to his chosen charities. When questioned why, Matt defended himself as he answered told Susanna and Richard's probes. Many weren't convinced by his justification, however, with several taking to social media to express their outrage.   Twitter user @MathewHulbert wrote: "Matt Hancock is totally deluded, isn't he? Utterly deluded. "We'd be very grateful to never see his smug little face on TV ever again.#GMB #itv1." @FieldSupportIT shared: "What a car crash interview on #GMB with Hancock." 