Vera fans have pleaded for the ITV series to "bring back Malcolm" after the pathologist's replacement made her debut on Sunday night. Malcolm Donahue (played by Paul Kaye) departed from the show last weekend, and viewers were quickly introduced to his replacement, Paula Bennett (Sarah Kameela Impey). However, fans were quick to share their thoughts about the new pathologist. Paula was first introduced to Vera (played by Brenda Blethyn) when a body of a homeless man was found. As DCI Stanhope went to inspect the body, she received a frosty greeting from the newcomer. "You must be the new girl welcome aboard," Vera said. "And you are?" Paula quickly fired back. "No, don't tell me, Vera Stanhope." READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "No, love I am detective chief inspector Vera Stanhope," the detective quipped back. "I am leading the investigation." The pathologist continued: "I have heard a lot about you." "Well you have the advantage of me, love," Vera said as Aiden shook his head at the exchange. "I have heard nothing about you. Now, what are we looking at? Beaten to death." "When I know, you'll know," Paula replied as DCI Stanhope asked: "Are you going to give me anything?" "His teeth have been broken, presumably during the attack, the tooth pulp is still soft and I can't find any of the tooth fragments, I am guessing they're in his stomach contents." Following the exchange, fans took to social media to share their thoughts about Paula, with many pleading for Malcolm to return. "Paula's a bundle of laughs. Come back Malcolm please," @SallyAnneHarri4 said. DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' Rhino's true identity  [THEORY]BBC backlash as fans blast Michael McIntyre over 'fake' surprise [VIDEO] Jehan tweeted: "So the new girl heard about DCI Vera Stanhope, but she obviously didn't learn anything come back, Malcolm!" (sic) "Missing Malcolm already #Vera," Sue Pendrink said as Tracey Smith added: "Bring back Malcolm #Vera." While Michelle added: "#vera how long will it be before Vera puts that new pathologist in her place." @Samanth22356123 pleaded: "F**k me come back, Malcolm." (sic) Other fans seemed to love the new pathologist, with many praising her feistiness with Vera. Ian Cann penned: "Loving the spiky new pathologist and they're having the team go out for scenes closer together so yay for that #Vera." Ann added: "Loving the new pathologist very feisty #Vera." Vera returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.