The failure to take responsibility. The obsession with secession above all things. The indifference to what ordinary people and the press thought of her. I've written previously that Sturgeon was looking for a way to escape Scotland. I think she has long felt it too small for her ambitions and fame. She made history in one way: being the first First Minister to devote quite so much time trying to get onto American television. More glory can be found in New York, or Geneva, she seems to think. Almost certainly a lot more money too. And more than that, Sturgeon knows in a new role say as a UN Ambassador or Envoy she would be free of uncomfortable questions from the press and the public about whether there is a third gender for rapists who are neither men nor women, and when exactly she became aware of major financial decisions in the political life of her partner. As for Sturgeon herself, though, we must not let one or two things drop before she goes. The first, of course, being something which has always vexed and annoyed her: how Scotland is actually doing and how well it is being governed. Education is in a mess. The health service is on its knees. The Scottish economy limps along amid high inflation and a cost of living crisis. Scottish deaths from drug abuse are the highest in Europe. Scotland is persistently poorer than the rest of the UK. These are real issues, things left unresolved after eight years of Sturgeon’s time in office. All of this happened on Sturgeon's watch. She would rather talk about other things, of course: how strong a feminist she is, or why yet another few years must be wasted in a quixotic bid to make the dead horse of independence take another beating. But the fact is that for all her bluster and pretence, Sturgeon’s time in power seems to have given Scottish people very little. They are not richer than they were when she assumed office. They are not better housed or fed. Prices are higher, the health service is under more strain, and the country’s schools are not better to send your children to. These things matter more, many would argue, than the face on the money or the flag flown by civic buildings: a country’s happiness is correlated to the wellbeing of its citizens. If they are poor and miserable, life is bad. If they are healthy, wealthy and happy, life is good. Under Sturgeon, Scots have been condemned to relative poverty and misery. On those grounds, her administration has been a decisive failure. Sturgeon even failed to deliver the one thing she said was her guiding mission: the thing she wanted more than anything else to secure her place in history – secession. Some in newspapers will perhaps say tomorrow that she did all this with dignity and bravery: going in her own way before being forced out like other politicians, nobly deciding that since she could not give 100 percent to the job, someone else should chance their arm. But let’s not be naïve. Sturgeon wanted to go down in history as the first leader of a post-UK Scotland. It is all she has ever wanted, and in that objective she has failed. Now was not the time she wanted to resign: now was the time Sturgeon felt she had to resign. Her attempt to force a second referendum was stopped by the Supreme Court – firmly closing the door on wildcat efforts to force the issue. Her effort to put biological males in female prisons under the guise of feminism was opposed even within her own party and was highly distrusted by the public at large. It is ignominious to be defenestrated like this. Especially if it all comes about because a political leader cannot say if a sexual criminal is a man or a woman in press conferences. But this is what it has come down to. Certain that Scotland will not recover under her leadership – facing the burdens and strains of a parliamentary campaign – absolutely sure that she cannot do the job well enough to salvage her reputation – and facing a rebellion within the SNP – Sturgeon had no choice but to leave the stage in a hurry. Whatever she says, her term has ended in failure.