Democrats and Republicans could go over Kevin McCarthy’s head and pass a bill raising the debt ceiling. Later today, the House Speaker will meet with Joe Biden at the White House to discuss raising America’s $31.4trillion debt limit. However, McCarthy has made clear his party will not support raising the limit without spending cuts, something the President has ruled out. After hitting the debt limit in January, the US Treasury triggered a debt suspension period which last until June 5. Should the deadline pass without the limit being raised, the US could default on its debt obligations, which risks plunging the US into a recession. Currently, there are 434 members of the House, who will need to vote on any bill raising the limit. As a result, 218 members of the House are needed to pass any bill, with the current Congress split between 222 Republicans and 212 Democrats. During McCarthy’s embattled bid to become House Speaker, he promised lawmakers an "open amendment process”, meaning members may attempt to put amendments in play on various bills. READ MORE: Dems vow to beat McCarthy’s ‘hostage-taking’ of debt ceiling crisis Fox News’ Chad Pergram noted that lawmakers are “allowed to offer amendments to (a debt ceiling) bill under McCarthy’s promise”, including “amendments with which lawmakers may disagree”. However, he also pointed out that the House could go “over the head of McCarthy” with a discharge petition, which requires action if 218 confirmed members sign up to put a given measure on the floor. “In essence, a discharge petition ‘discharges’ a bill from committee and plunks it on the floor”, he said. “It’s possible that those concerned about the debt ceiling could craft a bill to address the issue — and utilise a discharge petition to get a vote. “A discharge petition would likely require a similar coalition of some Republicans and most Democrats to cross the ‘218’ threshold.” However, there have only been two successful discharge petitions in the House since 2001, those being a 2002 campaign finance bill and a 2015 plan to reauthorise the Export-Import Bank. Meanwhile, ahead of Biden and McCarthy’s White House face-off, the President and Speaker blamed each other for the unfurling debt crisis. Biden called the Republican a decent man” who had caved to extremists in his party to take power, and added McCarthy made “commitments that are just absolutely off the wall for a speaker of the House to make”. On the other hand, McCarthy called Biden’s refusal to negotiate “childish”, adding: “Why would you put the economics of America in jeopardy? “Why would you play political games? I’m not.” DON'T MISS Dems vow to beat McCarthy’s ‘hostage-taking’ of debt ceiling crisis Harry and Meghan exiled by Oprah and Obama over 'Sussex drama' Former school worker accused of stealing $1.5million in chicken wings It also comes as Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell urged Biden and McCarthy to negotiate. “Obviously, from our perspective, that needs to be led by the speaker”, he told reporters. “They're in the majority. The President knows full well, since he was a negotiating partner years ago, that this has been done before, and I think a deal has to be cut, obviously between the House majority and the Democratic president in order to have a chance to survive over here. “So we're all behind Kevin and wishing him well in negotiation.”