Cleaning the washing machine drum can help to get rid of any soap residue and help to neutralise odours. It can also remove any build up which may have occurred in the seal, a hotspot for germs and bacteria. There are lots of washing machine cleaners on the market, but they tend to be expensive, unless making a homemade concoction, so I decided to put Fabulosa’s product to the test. I have used Fabulousa for several years, but have never used their washing machine cleaner which retails at just £1 for two uses. Sold in a variety of places such as B&M as well as direct from Fabulosa, it comes in a variety of different scents, the same as their other products. This includes electrify, which I used, fresh breeze, cotton fresh as well as dragon flower. The description on B&M’s website reads: “Fabulosa works hard to prevent bad odours lingering in your washing machine. READ MORE: Six foods to keep houseplants ‘healthy’ to prevent stunted growth “It removes limescale and leaves a long-lasting freshness in the drum, ensuring every wash is clean and free from bacteria.” My washing machine tends to smell dusty now and again, and that’s when I know it is time for a deep clean. I started by pouring half of the bottle into the detergent drawer, setting the machine to do a hot wash and it was as easy as that. The product really foamed up in the washing machine and I could see it was even reaching the seal to clean it. DON'T MISS:Seven home improvements which ‘add no value’ to your home [COMMENT]Six easy steps to regrout bathroom tiles for a ‘show home’ finish [EXPERT]‘Problematic’ Japanese knotweed on the rise - hotspots [EXPLAINER] Once the washing machine cycle had finished, I kept the door open to allow it to fully dry out but the inside looked spotless and was sparkling clean. I also wandered into my kitchen a little while after and the whole room smelt of the product, which Fabulosa says is a warm, oriental fragrance with notes of pink pepper, orange blossom and pear. They added: “It leads to a heart of jasmine, coffee and a sumptuous base of patchouli, vanilla and cedar.” I was seriously impressed with this product, considering it is 50p per use, and the incredible scent it gives off when leaving the machine to dry. READ MORE: Sit on your hands and you could save £1000s if you're buying a house I tend to use Dr. Beckmann’s Service-it Deep Clean or Dettol’s washing machine cleaner which can range from £2.50 to £3 for just one use. This product will definitely be a staple in my cleaning routine now, and they also have a range of other products in this scent such as body wash, antibacterial sprays and wipes. I also recently cleaned my washing machine drawer and filter, which are often neglected chores around my home. The washing machine drawer sees various types of liquids and powders pass through it on a daily basis. The residue of liquids and fabric softeners is often gunky and thick, meaning it is sometimes difficult to rinse through the compartment fully. Although my washing machine drawer hadn’t become too caked in mould, I knew it was time to clean it after some hard residue started to appear around the back. I wasn’t sure how to clean the drawer due to all the nooks and crannies but settled on soaking it in hot soapy water to dislodge the gunk I ran some hot water into a washing up bowl and added a drop of Asda’s Fresh Berry Washing Up Liquid and created some bubbles. After, I placed the whole washing machine drawer into the hot liquid and let it soak for around five minutes. If you’re unsure on how to remove the drawer, look for a catch towards the back of the machine. Along with a toothbrush I use for cleaning, I began to lightly scrub all areas of the drawer. The mould started to disappear instantly and it was surprising how easy it began to melt into the water. I cleaned the filter by running it under hot water, making sure to drain any excess water from it first. Like other filters, the washing machine filter siphons out the things you don’t want to collect in the washer such as dirt and hair and so it is essential to clean.