Call the Midwife is coming back to BBC One this weekend and viewers will finally see Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) get married. As she ties the knot with Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix), the series prepares to enter another year with season 13. Stars Helen and Olly spoke out about when they discovered the show will continue until 2026. Viewers are excited to see how Trixie's big day pans out as she has had a difficult time when it comes to her love life. Having finally found someone who respects and cares for her, the pair are eager to make their relationship official. Trixie has had a tough time planning her wedding and it appears the bumps in the road will continue right up until she says "I do". The final episode of the season teases both tragedy and heartwarming moments, and thankfully there is plenty more to come. READ MORE: Call the Midwife favourites confirmed to return despite exit fears Fans were thrilled to find out the series has been renewed for another two seasons, meaning it will air until at least 2026. Trixie actress Helen admitted the renewal came as a complete shock as she had been preparing for the show to end. She explained where she was when she found out, saying: "I was walking my dog, I just went 'Oh brilliant'. "I had no idea, we found out the day before it came out in the press so it was pretty last minute. "It was a surprise, we had no idea. We have been saying, all of us, this is the last year. So we have all been planning for the end. It was a complete shock, so yeah, it's great. "Also now [Trixie and Matthew] are married as well it's going to be interesting, the next few years with what happens." Matthew said he never took for granted being a part of the show and the news of the renewal was "great". DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife's Helen George details unlikely drama while filming Call the Midwife viewers to be wowed with marriage of Trixie and Matt Call the Midwife's Helen George teases 'tragedy' in emotional finale  He added during the Radio Times question and answer session: "One never assumes just because a series has been renewed that you are going to be in the series. "I think Trixie will be in the series." Could this be a hint that Matthew may not always be a part of Trixie's life? Helen added: "You never have complete control, it's a genuine fear but of course, you never know. "They might just come to a point when they are like 'We have nothing more to say about your character. "There is nothing left to do with you' and they let you go." Season 13 will begin filming in the spring, with seasons 14 and 15 having already been confirmed a while ago. Call the Midwife creator Helen Thomas said: “I’m overjoyed by the news that the doors of Nonnatus House will be open for a few more years. "Call the Midwife is the pride and joy of all who work on it, but it’s our fantastic, loyal audience that matters most. “We are a family behind the scenes, on the screen, and in front of the telly, and I’m thrilled that we’re all heading into the 1970s together.” Call the Midwife returns on Sunday on BBC One at 8pm.