Two Polish skiers have died after an avalanche at a Himalayan ski resort in Indian-controlled Kashmir, as 21 other people are rescued. The Pirpanjal mountain range in the western Himalayas is a popular skiing destination for both Indians and foreigners. The group were buried under the snow while they were skiing in the mountains. Avalanches and landslides are common in Kashmir and have caused heavy death tolls for the Indian and Pakistani armies camped near the mountainous and forested militarised Line of Control that divides Kashmir between the nuclear-armed rivals. In 2017, at least 20 Indian soldiers were killed in three avalanches, and in 2012 a massive avalanche in Pakistan-controlled Kashmir killed 140 people, including 129 Pakistani soldiers. Snow could be seen rolling down the 14,400ft peak of Mount Apharwat. The group ran for safety as the avalanche headed towards them.  High-altitude rescue teams rushed to the site on snow scooters and retrieved the bodies of the two Polish skiers, police officer Amod Nagpuri told MailOnline. Police said 19 foreign tourists and the two local guides have been rescued, adding that the bodies of the two deceased skiers have been transported to a hospital. "During the rescue ops, 19 foreign nationals and 2 local guides have been rescued," a police statement said. "Unfortunately, two foreign nationals lost their lives in the avalanche, and their dead bodies have also been recovered." The rescued skiers have been treated at a local clinic. READ MORE: King offers public helping hand by opening Highgrove as a 'warm space'  Video footage shows the moment the avalanche hits as the skiers are seen shouting before it hits them. As the wall of snow comes hurtling closer and closer, the group can be seen trying to run away before the video cuts out. A cable car that transports visitors to the top of Mount Apharwat was closed after the avalanche hit.  The resort is currently covered in several feet of snow after days of snowfall in the area.