Kate, the Princess of Wales, shared a special moment with a young child on the visit to Falmouth, Cornwall on Thursday. A series of images captured the moment, which saw the royal dote, wave and smile at the baby. The youngster appeared to love the attention, pointing back at Kate and beaming at her. Kate, who donned a knee-length brown coat by Hobbs, appeared to delighted to say hello to the young royal fan, who was being held up by her mother. Prince William also came to say hello, pointing at the baby and showing her his nose. The special moment was captures as the couple were leaving the National Maritime Museum in Flamouth. They arrived at the museum around noon and received a tour to learn more about the rich maritime heritage of Cornwall and how the museum is working to highlight the relevance of maritime issues to the present day. During the visit the Prince and Princess of Wales met volunteers working on boats including the Kiwi, a 14ft sailing dinghy presented to the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh as a wedding present. The couple tried their hand at riveting on a Helford Delta Class boat dating back to the 1940s, made of mahogany and oak. William said: "It's probably safer if you show us, we don't want to be the ones who put a hole in it." As they lined up to have a go, he told his wife: "Make sure you do the right one, it's a bit like that Only Fools And Horses sketch with the chandeliers." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's demand for 'apology' is hampering reconciliation   He said: "Are you ready Catherine?" before hitting the rivet with a hammer, while Kate held a heavy cast steel dolly underneath. She replied: "Oh my goodness." The couple swapped, with William telling onlookers: "If she sinks we were never here, you never saw us." Kate and William then met people supported by Young and Talented Cornwall, which provides financial support to young people in the county. Today's visit marked the first time the couple had visited the county since they became the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall. DON'T MISS:Sophie Wessex traumatic labour 'threatened to kill both her and baby' [DETAILS]Kate Middleton shrugs off Prince William in ‘awkward’ moment [ANALYSIS]Queen Camilla given adorable note requesting Charlotte playdate [PICTURES]  In November, William made his first official visit to Cornwall since becoming Duke of Cornwall. He met staff, volunteers and young people at Newquay Orchard, which offers environmental education, employability training and community events. William became heir apparent, and known as the Prince of Wales, after the death of his grandmother and the accession of his father, Charles, to the throne. He also inherited the title Duke of Cornwall and is now Duke of Cornwall and Cambridge. Kate is now known as the Princess of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall and Cambridge. 