Bryan Kohberger was fired from his teaching job just days before he was arrested for the murder of four University of Idaho students last year. Kohberger, 28, was facing disciplinary action at his Washington State University job before he was fired on December 19, more than a month after the murders occurred in sleepy Moscow, Idaho. Kohberger started the job in August, 2023 but was quickly put under investigation for "behavioural problems" and having a "sexist attitude towards women", according to reportig by NewsNation. He was reportedly issued several warnings and eventually was summoned to a meeting with a group of professors to discuss his behaviour with his attitude towards women being the focus of the meeting. The Professors said he was "rude towards women" and graded them differently than he had male students. During his time as a teaching assistant, Kohberger was reported to have had altercations with Professor John Snyder. He reportedly had a row with the professor on September 23, ten days later Snyder pulled him aside to discuss his "professional behaviour".  However, Kohberger is said to have become more "feisty" and "belligerent'" following that meeting. A few weeks later, Synder sent an email to the alleged murderer claiming he had failed to "meet expectations", according to NewsNation. On November 2, the professor held a meeting with Kohberger to discuss and implement an "improvement plan". However, more than a month later - after the date of the murders - a group of professors met with Kohberger where Snyder informed him he had "had made no progress regarding professionalism". December 19 Kohberger was sacked from his job just 11 days before police arrested him in eastern Pennsylvania more than 2,000 miles from the murder scene.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle should be 'very worried' about half-sister's lawsuit He has been charged with four counts of first degree murder for the killings of than Chapin, 20; Xana Kernodle, 20; Madison Mogen, 21; and Kaylee Goncalves, 21, on November 13 last year. Kohbeger was a PhD candidate in criminology at Washington State University in Pullman, just a short drive across the border from Moscow. He has also been charged with one count of felony burglary and is being held without bail at Latah County Jail in Moscow. Kohberger appeared before the court on January 12 where he waived his right to a speedy trial. His probable cause hearing is scheduled for June 26 at 9am. 