An international dive expert who has joined the search for Nicola Bulley says his "gut instinct" if she is not found today is there may be a "third-party" involved. Peter Faulding and his team from Specialist Group International (SGI) have been assisting Lancashire Police in searching the River Wyre, Lancs, for Ms Bulley's body to see if she had fallen into the water after going missing on Friday January 27. However, Mr Faulding said despite deploying "world's best" sonar equipment no trace of the mother-of-two had been found. The only concrete clues investigators have had to work on so far are Ms Bulley's dog Willow, that was found by the river, and her mobile phone which was left on a bench nearby. Mr Faulding told BBC Breakfast this morning his "gut instinct" was if she was not found today a "third-party" may be inolved. He said: "If Nicola is not in that stretch of the river today, my view is there could be third-party involvement and this phone could be a decoy. The police are working hard in the background looking at everything. It is so unusual - we have no clear info to go with at the moment." "That river has already been searched - usually with a drowning victim, they are where they go down. The underwater search team has searched the area around the bench thoroughly. Bodies don't float for seven, eight days - this is so strange. In my 20 years experience, hundreds of cases, I have never seen something so unusual." Mr Faulding said searches would continue today on the river which was being scoured both downstream and upstream from the riverside path in St Michael's on Wyre where Ms Bulley went missing on a dog walk. He said: "We have got no specific intelligence - if she is in the river, she could have fallen in further up. We don't know. The key focus is around the bench area. We have to cover the whole stretch of river to make sure there are no untoward circumstances here. "The initial searches we did yesterday, we did downstream in the tidal section of the river - not the key area where Nicola originally went missing. "But today we are focusing on the area upstream which is non-tidal and going a mile up stream, this includes the area where Nicola's phone was found on the bench. I must stress, that was found and searched on the day by police divers when Nicola went in. "These are professional divers and they never found nothing. That is the odd thing about this. I can't get my head around it. It is very strange." Mr Faulding added BBC Breakfast: "We are going back over the area - just in case - we don't know for certain Nicola is in the river, but if she is, she may have drifted down by now. "We will go over the original area which was searched twice by the police. The sonar will look at the sticks, stones, everything," he explained. "We are going back to the key area where all the evidence we have so far is found." READ MORE: Rishi Sunak plots reshuffle today with Shapps touted as new party chairman  The underwater search for missing Nicola Bulley is continuing following a fresh appeal by her partner, who said her two daughters "desperately" miss her and "need her back". The search for Ms Bulley, 45, is entering its 11th day after she went missing on January 27 in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. In a statement released on Monday through Lancashire Police, her partner Paul Ansell said: "I have two little girls who miss their mummy desperately and who need her back." Later on Monday night, the head of a team of private underwater search experts cast doubt on the force's current working hypothesis that Ms Bulley had fallen into the river. Ahead of the Specialist Group International (SGI) beginning its second day of searching the River Wyre on Tuesday, Peter Faulding said he did not think the missing mother was in the water. Speaking with TalkTV, Mr Faulding - a leading forensic search expert and SIG's founder - said: "I personally don't think she's in the river, that's just my gut instinct at this point." He added that his team of divers would go back up the river on Tuesday, to search once again near the point where Ms Bulley's mobile phone was found on a bench. Lancashire Police have searched the river and riverbank all the way to the sea, around 12 miles away, using search teams, sonar, search dogs, drone, helicopter and CCTV. On Monday, Lancashire Police released two new images of Ms Bulley on the day she went missing, when she dropped her two daughters, aged six and nine, off at school and then went on her usual dog walk alongside the river. Her phone, still connected to a Teams call for her job as a mortgage adviser, was found on a bench on a steep riverbank overlooking the water, along with the dog lead, with the dog harness on the ground. "Our working hypothesis remains that Nicola sadly fell into the river for some reason, but we remain open minded, and we are continuing to carry out a huge number of inquiries," the force said. The force is confident, after reviewing CCTV, that Ms Bulley did not leave the field near the river via Rowanwater - either through the site itself or the piece of land at the side - and she did not return from the fields along Allotment Lane or via the path at the rear of the Grapes pub onto Garstang Road. Officers are now focusing on the river path leading from the fields back to Garstang Road, and urged drivers and cyclists who travelled that way on January 27, as well as anyone with CCTV or Ring Doorbell footage, to contact them. DON'T MISS: Jeremy Hunt has just been given the excuse he needs to grab your 25% pension tax-free cash