Nick Kyrgios has admitted that he assaulted his ex-girlfriend in 2021 but has avoided a conviction after the judge ruled that his actions were on the low end of seriousness for a common assault. A magistrate in Kyrgios' hometown of Canberra did not record a conviction against the 27-year-old, describing the common assault as an act of 'stupidity' and 'frustration' but insisting that it was not premeditated. The offence was also dismissed on the basis that it was on the low end of seriousness for a common assault. A psychologist told the court that Kyrgios, who reached the Wimbledon final last year, had suffered from severe depression, suicidal ideation and insomnia in the past but that his mental health was improving. Kyrgios had pushed his former girlfriend to the ground during an argument in January 2021, the court heard. The psychologist added in a written report and testimony by phone that the tennis star had suffered from major depressive episodes in the past and had used alcohol and drugs to cope, with his mental health issues leading to reckless and impulsive behaviour. The recent knee injury suffered by Kyrgios was also blamed for causing mild to moderate symptoms of depression. Lawyers representing Kyrgios had attempted to get the case dismissed on mental health grounds but their application was unsuccessful. JUST IN: Djokovic's ex-coach shoots down suspicions around Serb after Aus Open Kyrgios previously opened up about his performance at the 2019 Australian Open with an Instagram post in February of last year, in which he insisted that what seemed to have been a positive time in his life was in fact blighted by dark moments. "I was lonely, depressed, negative, abusing alcohol, drugs, pushed away family and friends," he wrote. "I felt as if I couldn’t talk or trust anyone. This was a result of not opening up and refusing to lean on my loved ones and simply just push myself little by little to be positive." Kyrgios again reflected on his mental health issues after beating Daniil Medvedev at the US Open last year to reach the quarter-finals at Flushing Meadows, telling reporters: "I just sit there in the locker room after and I'm just super proud of the performance because there was really a time where I didn't think I was capable of producing and doing this anymore. "I just mentally struggled so hard for the first six, seven years of my career. I had great results, shocking results, try really hard, then tanking. I honestly didn't know how to deal with any of it. I beat myself up way too hard. It was unhealthy. I look back, it was just all a learning process to now because I've matured so much." Follow our Express Sport page on Instagram here.