The King's coronation could represent the last opportunity for Prince William and Prince Harry to salvage their relationship, a royal insider claimed. The Prince of Wales has had a rather frosty relationship with his brother since before the Duke of Sussex stepped down from his official duties in 2020. But while Harry has claimed to want William "back" in his life, they have been warned it is "now or never" to mend bridges. The insider said the coronation could offer the perfect ground to bring William and Harry together to discuss their issues with each other. They said: "The longer the feud continues, the less likely there’ll be a reconciliation. "With the coronation just a few months away, appropriate actions need to be taken imminently. "The Palace is trying to come up with solutions to keep the peace and form some kind of reconnection and unity between William and Harry." JUST IN: Harry demands meeting with Charles and William before he travels to UK for Coronation Express.co.uk last week was able to confirm plans are being worked on to invite the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to the May 6 ceremony. A Whitehall source told this outlet the couple had been included on the guest list and the Palace was strategising to ensure a "smooth" event. And it was later revealed the King and Prince William have not directly spoken to the Duke of Sussex about him attending the coronation service. The insider told US Weekly: "It’s now or never. The coronation is a time to celebrate, and no one wants this dark cloud hanging over the festivities on such a significant occasion.” READ MORE: Sussexes to have 'fair trial' as 'Americans don't care' about them Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield suggested Prince William is working on accepting "he lost brother he knew forever." The To Di For Daily host said: "The Prince of Wales has inherited his father's temper so he prefers not to dwell on the topic because it does make him upset." The Prince of Wales was last seen with his brother when they attended the late Queen's funeral in September. Ahead of the ceremony, they were joined by Kate, the Princess of Wales and Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex to thank royal mourners for their floral tributes and support outside Windsor Castle two days after Her late Majesty's death. Before the solemn occasion, they attended only a handful of events together in public – at their grandfather's funeral in April 2021 and later at the unveiling of a statue in Princess Diana's honour in July of the same year. Following the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral, the brothers could be seen walking together after an attempt from the Princess of Wales to ignite a conversation. But the release of the Netflix documentary in December followed shortly after by the Duke's memoir has seemingly resulted in a further breakdown of the relationship. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews