As the cost-of-living crisis continues to ravage the country, it is unsurprising that most Britons want to find the cheapest supermarket offers and deals to lower the price of their weekly grocery shop. Some supermarkets are cheaper than others, but one has been crowned the most affordable of all: Aldi. Aldi has been crowned the cheapest supermarket in the UK for the eighth month in a row. Consumer group Which? conducted its monthly cheapest supermarket price comparison by looking at the cost of a basket of 48 items, including groceries and household essentials. The latest research shows that last month Aldi was a huge £25.68 cheaper than the most expensive supermarket, Waitrose for an equivalent basket of items. Which? also revealed Aldi to be £11.77 cheaper than Tesco and £13.62 cheaper than Sainsbury’s per basket. Aldi's basket price cost an average of £82.03 last month. In second place was Lidl, with an average basket of 48 items costing £84.07. Tesco was next with its basket costing £93.80. Meanwhile, Asda's basket cost £95.32. DON'T MISS:Amanda Owen worth millions as earnings double from Our Yorkshire Farm [NEWS]‘Kill weeds’ with a solution that's better than ‘industrial’ chemicals [GUIDE]February 2023 horoscope - what’s in store for each star sign [EXCLUSIVE] Sainsbury's was next on the list with the supermarket's basket costing £95.65. In sixth place was Morrisons with a basket costing £96.58, whereas Ocado was next with a basket of 48 items costing £100.87. In final place was Waitrose, with its basket costing an average of £107.71 for 48 items. Julie Ashfield, Managing Director of Buying at Aldi, said: "We know just how important it is for families up and down the nation to find ways to cut costs anyway they can, and at Aldi we are dedicated to keeping prices low and quality high across all our products. READ MORE: Meghan and Sophie 'make strong statements' with fashion - pictures "The latest findings from Which? show that customers can save themselves over £25 on just one basket by choosing Aldi - that’s not just pocket change. "The fact that Which? have found Aldi to be cheapest for eight months in a row is a testament to our commitment to our shoppers." In other Aldi news, the supermarket is recalling certain food products due to health and safety issues. The budget retailer is recalling various Harvest Morn High Protein Bars because they contain milk and/or peanuts and/or soya which may not be emphasised in bold type on the label. This means the products are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, an allergy to peanuts and/or an allergy to soya. The protein bars are the Harvest Morn High Protein Birthday Cake, Harvest Morn High Protein Cookie Dough, Harvest Morn High Protein Salted Caramel, Harvest Morn High Protein Peanut Butter, Harvest Morn High Protein Mint, Harvest Morn High Protein Jaffa Orange, Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Peanut Butter, and Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Cookie Dough. In its notice, Aldi said: "As a precautionary measure, our supplier is recalling Harvest Morn High Protein Bars because allergens in the ingredient list may not be emphasised in bold on the label. "Customers are asked to return this product to their nearest store, where a full refund will be given. "For further information, please visit help.aldi.co.uk. Customer services can be contacted on 0800 042 0800."