Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp had an "air of resignation" during Saturday's 3-0 defeat to Wolves, claims former Arsenal winger Perry Groves. The Reds' wretched run of form continued and they remain 10th in the Premier League table. Klopp cut a forlorn figure on the touchline at Molineux. Groves co-commentated on the match and noticed the German was not his usual self. Wolves were 2-0 in front inside the opening 12 minutes. They sealed the victory with a third through Ruben Neves in the second half. Groves pointed out how Klopp was resigned early to the fact his team were not going to come back into the game. He said on talkSPORT: "Jurgen Klopp is normally quite demonstrative on the touchline and his technical area, but he’s just gone to sit back down in the dugout with his arms crossed. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emerge  "He’s just done a massive sigh of frustration, blowing his cheeks out like he’s saying, ‘I actually can’t believe what I’m seeing here, I can’t believe this is my team. He’s just slumped in his chair with an air of resignation on his face. "Normally he’s up cajoling his team, telling them to get further up the pitch, to close down, be quicker in their passing. But there’s nothing. "There are no messages coming from Liverpool’s bench at all. Klopp looks shell-shocked. I can’t believe Liverpool have been this bad. "Wolves had more hunger, more application, more desire, especially in the first-half - I can’t reiterate how much of a shambles Liverpool were. Liverpool went into the game as individuals, it was actually a little bit embarrassing to see a team of Liverpool’s quality play like that." DON'T MISSWorld's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combinedChelsea boss Potter responds to Klopp and Guardiola after transfer rantsJorginho could be pushed towards Arsenal exit doors already due to four players  Groves can understand why Klopp acted like he did. The pundit labelled Liverpool's performance shambolic and said they were completely outplayed in every area by their opponents. He added: "They are a shambles. They’re all over the place individually, all over the place collectively, there are no leaders, there’s no one looking to take command and take control. "When you’re playing against Liverpool now you can sniff it, you can sense that they’re not all together, they’re just off it. The goals optimise the disarray in this Liverpool back four and the team as a whole. "There’s a lack of fight, a lack of energy. Wolves are bossing the midfield area. They’ve been totally dominant, and when they’re out of possession they’re closing down, their work ethic is far better than Liverpool’s." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 