Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag could drop Wout Weghorst for Sunday's trip to face Leeds United at Elland Road. The 30-year-old striker's performance in Wednesday's disappointing 2-2 draw at Old Trafford was one of his least effective since joining on loan in January. Weghorst arrived as a short-term solution for the remainder of the season after Cristiano Ronaldo left United in November. And while he has shown glimpses of the qualities Ten Hag wants from his striker, he has primarily underwhelmed in M16. The Netherlands international has started seven successive games since watching United's 2-1 derby win against Manchester City from the stands after completing his arrival from Burnley. But he has just one goal to his name, a rebound in the 3-0 Carabao Cup win at Nottingham Forest, and no assists for the Red Devils. According to The Sun, Ten Hag is ready to finally drop Weghorst for what promises to be a tough afternoon in West Yorkshire this weekend. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer pain as Chelsea planning to go 'all out' for Osimhen  He completed four final third passes against managerless Leeds earlier in the week, winning two of his four duels and taking just one touch in the opposition box. Since cutting his loan at Besiktas short to complete a dream switch to United, Weghorst has taken 2.9 touches in the opposition box and 0.6 shots per 90 minutes. He has also recorded a 43 per cent shot-on-target rate and converted 10 per cent of his 10 efforts. More damningly, Weghorst stands at 6ft 6in but has won just four of his 20 aerial duels for United. In the last two games against Crystal Palace and Leeds, Ten Hag has dragged him off on 59 minutes, moving Marcus Rashford centrally, and the in-form 25-year-old has scored three minutes later. DON'T MISS NBA's LeBron James farce is a real danger to the Premier LeagueMykhaylo Mudryk warned he will 'regret' joining ChelseaNew Super League explained - Four key changes as Perez and co return Rashford's header to kick-start United's comeback midweek was his 20th goal of the season and 12th in 14 games since the World Cup. With Jadon Sancho also back to his brilliant best after coming on in the second half, netting the equaliser, Ten Hag could be tempted to re-introduce him in his starting line-up. United lacked a presence on the right in Antony's absence against Leeds, so there will be hope at Carrington that he can shake off his knock for the Elland Road visit. A front three of Antony on the right, Sancho on the left and Rashford down the middle would be an exciting proposition for the travelling fans and a daunting one for the hosts. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here