Sunday night saw the penultimate episode of the BBC period drama as series 12 of Call The Midwife is coming to an end. Although the instalment took a dramatic turn when the beloved character Sister Monica Joan (played by Judy Parfitt) fell ill. During the episode, viewers saw the long-running character, who has been in the series since the start in 2012, take a turn for the worst. After losing her appetite, Sister Monica Joan confessed she felt weak as she missed attending night prayer. Later on in the show, Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter) and Nurse Phyllis (Linda Bassett) saw her in bed as they noticed her eyes were looking yellow and decided to call the doctor. In bed looking extremely weak, Sister Monica begged the two ladies to let her go home as she told them she no longer wanted to be there. READ MORE:Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star  With Dr Patrick Turner (Stephen McGann) paying her a visit, viewers learnt that the nun was the latest person in the district to contract hepatitis. Telling them to keep her hydrated, Dr Turner commented: “Other than that, I’m afraid we just have to hope she can fight the infection off. “I won’t pretend her age isn’t a concern.” In distressing scenes, Sister Monica was seen sobbing explaining she no longer wanted to be here before her friend Cyril (Zephryn Taitte) went to see her.   At the end of the episode, the Sister was shown an image of Nurse Phyllis, Trixie Franklin (Helen George )and Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings) at the Bonny Britain Competition. Although, she confessed to feeling weary as she closed her eyes and the image fell onto the bed. After things took a turn for Sister Monica, it looks as though viewers will have to wait little longer to find out what happens to her. As the episode came to an end, a voiceover read: “It’s the BAFTA Film Awards next Sunday, so Call The Midwife returns in two weeks' time.” DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield jokes 'shut your face' after Holly age probe [VIDEO] Dancing on Ice's Mollie Gallagher on ‘hardest part’ of ITV show [INSIGHT] Coronation Street: Max Turner turns his back on David after sentencing [SPOILER]    With Sister Monica’s life in the balance, many viewers took to Twitter to share their heartbreak at the potential loss of the long-running character. Trixiefrankleen commented: “#CallTheMidwife have y’all ever taken a two-week break before the final? Is this to emotionally prepare us????? Please help.” (sic) AliceMagee added: “We have to wait TWO WEEKS to find out if Sister Monica Joan is okay, and for Trixie's wedding!? This is not fair.” CSRizzoli23 said: “Honestly I swear Sister Monica Joan has got to recover or I will have a nervous breakdown [sic] I'm going to be worried for 2 weeks now while they make us wait for #CallTheMidwife Please don't let her die, you can't do this to us [sic] I will never forgive you if she doesn't survive.”    Daniel_Woodrow demanded: “@CallTheMidwife1 Cancel the BAFTAs! I can’t wait for two weeks to find out how Sister Monica Joan is! #CallTheMidwife.” Louibell34 fumed: “Why do we have to wait two weeks for the final episode of @CallTheMidwife1 it’s not fair and I hope sister Monica Joan is ok, I’m not happy at all #CallTheMidwife[sic]” Talkshitpal slammed: “SO YOU’RE TELLING ME I'VE GOT TO WAIT TWO WEEKS TO SEE IF SISTER MONICA JOAN IS ALIVE Call the Midwife continues on Sunday February 26 at 8pm.  