Iran has "crossed a dangerous nuclear milestone" after it enriched uranium close to weapons-grade levels, according to a US Senator. The United Nations confirmed on Tuesday it had found traces of uranium enriched up to 83.7 percent in an underground site. In a new confidential report by the UN’s International Atomic Energy Agency, the body said it had picked up samples of uranium during a check at the Fordow facility on 22 January, the Wall Street Journal reported. The UN report said Iran claimed in a letter that the levels were down to "unintended fluctuations" from its usual enrichment levels. Weapons-grade uranium is made from around 90 percent enriched uranium. Iran acknowledged the report through its state media channel Nour News, a publication overseen by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Nour News wrote on Twitter last week: "It will be clear soon that the IAEA surprising report of discovering 84 percent enriched uranium particles in Iran’s enrichment facilities was an inspector’s error or was a deliberate action to create political atmospheres against Iran on the eve of the meeting of" the IAEA board." The UN body is set to meet on March 6 in Vienna. Following Iran’s acknowledgement of the report, US Senator Bill Hagerty called for President Joe Biden to put pressure on the regime. He wrote on Twitter: "Iran's terrorist regime confirms to international inspectors that it crossed a dangerous nuclear milestone. "Biden Admin must snap back US & international sanctions. The US must stand with Israel and Arab allies amid Iran’s grave and gathering nuclear threat." Iran has been producing highly-enriched Uranium with 60 percent purity since 2021, which is still higher than any non-nuclear weapons state. Don't miss...Putin set to unleash fury as NATO boss says Kyiv will become member [LATEST]Putin warned 'predator will devour predator' over Kremlin coup fears [LATEST]TikToker that filmed Nicola Bulley's body makes donation to family [LATEST] The new report said Tehran still continues to produce at this rate. The country started expanding its nuclear material production in 2019, a year after Trump withdrew from the 2015 nuclear accord. Biden has so far failed to renew the accord. The 2015 agreement stated Iran was only meant to enrich uranium up to 3.67 percent for fifteen years. The UN’s new report confirmed Iran’s store of Uranium had soared by over a third over the last three months. According to the body, it has 87.5 kilograms of 60 percent enriched uranium. Kenneth Roth, former executive director of Human Right Watch said on Twitter the development was "thanks to Trump's and Netanyahu's trashing of the Iranian nuclear deal that Obama negotiated".