US officials have rejected China's defence of a suspected spy balloon spotted near an American airforce base - insisting its positioning was "intentional". Hours after China's Foreign Ministry described the white vessel as a "civilian" aircraft which had strayed off course, a senior US defence official re-asserted the White House's belief.   The "bold" decision of China to fly a suspected surveillance balloon over the US is a "clear and unacceptable violation of US sovereignty," the official said. They told Fox News Digital: "This was intentional." The balloon had been launched from mainland China, the unnamed official added. China's foreign ministry claimed responsibility for the aircraft but denied it had been used for spying. Beijing's Foreign Ministry spokesperson said on Friday: "The airship is from China. It is a civilian airship used for research, mainly meteorological, purposes.  “The Chinese side regrets the unintended entry of the airship into US airspace due to force majeure. The Chinese side will continue communicating with the US side and properly handle this unexpected situation caused by force majeure." The US does not fly spy aircraft over China, the defence official added. Pentagon spokesperson General Pat Ryde is confident the balloon is for surveillance, confirming that it is moving eastward at an altitude of about 60,000 feet and has the ability to manoeuvre.  Some Republican officials, including former President Donald Trump, have called on President Joe Biden to shoot the aircraft from the sky. The government had prepared fighter jets, including F-22s, to shoot down the balloon if ordered. The unusual object - said to be the size of three buses - was detected near one of three nuclear missile silo fields at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Billings, Montana.    In a statement on Friday, Pentagon Press Secretary Brigadier General Pat Ryder said: "The United States Government has detected and is tracking a high altitude surveillance balloon that is over the continental United States right now. "The US government, to include NORAD, continues to track and monitor it closely. "The balloon is currently traveling at an altitude well above commercial air traffic and does not present a military or physical threat to people on the ground. "Instances of this kind of balloon activity have been observed previously over the past several years. Once the balloon was detected, the US government acted immediately to protect against the collection of sensitive information." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 