ABC’s hit medical drama, The Good Doctor, made its return with Dr Shaun Murphy (played by Freddie Highmore) at the helm of St. Bonaventure Hospital. However, this time it was his father figure Dr Aaron Glassman (Richard Schiff) who needed his help.  During the most recent episode of The Good Doctor, Glassman’s home became infested with termites. As exterminators worked in the house, Shaun and his wife Lea Dilallo (Paige Spara) offered Glassman their guest room. While he didn’t want to intrude and initially resisted the offer, Lea insisted. Although the two doctors were close, there were a number of awkward moments which helped Lea understand just how similar the two really were.  READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie  This was evident when Glassman made dinner as he made a big deal out of Lea’s refusal to eat garlic. She also noticed Glassman has the same habits as Shaun such as rewashing utensils. The neurosurgeon later received a concerning call from the repairman who told him his home needed a completely new roof. When Lea and Shaun suggested he just buy a new house, Glassman shut down the idea because it was the same home his late daughter, Megan Glassman (Holly Taylor) was raised in.     However, tragedy struck for Glassman when his neighbour called with frightening news. Although Shaun and Lea rushed him to the house, they arrived too late. Glassman’s house was on fire and they could only watch as his beloved home became engulfed in flames. They learned an electrical fire started in the kitchen and to make matter worse, the exterminators had disconnected all the smoke detectors. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT]The Good Doctor fans ‘in tears’ as Murphies say goodbye to injured dog [REACTION]The Good Doctor season 6 episode 10 release date [INSIGHT]  Fans were heartbroken for the beloved doctor and took to social media to share their devastation for Glassman who was now homeless. @ElleSansMerci tweeted: “#TheGoodDoctor oh my word. Poor Dr Glassman. That’s devastating.” A second fan @LuvDani_xoxo anticipated: “Woah.  Looks like Glassman's gonna be staying with Shaun and Lea for a little while longer.” A shocked @Sydvaughnfan2 added: “GLASSMAN’S HOUSE IS ON FIRE?!?!”   A devastated @Maria1120 wrote: “All his memories are gone.” @hamburg_steven shared: “That wasn’t nice. His memories of Maddie were there.” A sixth viewer @LuvDani_xoxo stated: “I feel so bad for him, especially after he shared all the memories that were made in that house.” As Lea is pregnant with their first child, the trio may continue to live together until Glassman figures out where he will live next.  The Good Doctor season 6 continues Mondays on ABC in the US and the following Tuesday on Sky Witness in the UK. 