Lewis Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas have been caught spying on Max Verstappen’s car ahead of pre-season testing in Bahrain. The former team-mates were caught having a glimpse at Red Bull’s new RB19 ahead of the first session in Sakhir. Hamilton was seen peeping over the halo and into the cockpit where Verstappen took to the wheel just hours later. Meanwhile, Alfa Romeo star Bottas appeared to be looking at the car’s sidepods and front nose cone. It was Hamilton’s second look at his former title rivals' machine after he was seen peering into the Red Bull garage earlier in the day. The seven-time champion was walking down the pitlane before stopping outside the Red Bull garage and staring in as mechanics worked on the car. Hamilton hilariously admitted he had kept up to date with other team's designs on his phone. Speaking at the launch of the new Mercedes W14, Hamilton said he was “anxious” to see how competitive everyone was. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton brushes off Mercedes contract theory He explained: “We’re all anxious to get out there and see. And also to see where everyone else is. You see the pictures of everyone launching their cars and you start to zoom in and see what have they got? But we won't find out until next week exactly what everyone has got up their sleeve.” Hamilton and George Russell got their first run in the new package at Silverstone last week. The pair were both optimistic about the future a year on from struggling with porpoising issues. Russell refused to clarify if the problem had been fixed but Hamilton accepted he was more “comfortable” behind the wheel. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's former back-up driver fired Max Verstappen warning [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen endorses Lewis Hamilton's F1 dream in message to bosses [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen shares Ferrari, McLaren wish and talks Hamilton rivalry [COMMENT] Red Bull boss Helmut Marko has claimed Mercedes could be the team’s biggest threat in 2023 despite dominating the championship last season. However, Mercedes played down their expectations ahead of the first official test in Bahrain. Team boss Toto Wolff revealed the team would “eventually” be competitive in 2023. Meanwhile, Technical director Mike Elliott stressed the team were likely “starting behind” their rivals He commented: “We are under no illusions that it is going to be tough. We are starting behind and we are not the favourites. That is an unusual position for us to be in over the last 10 years, but we are focused on ourselves and working out how we do the best job we can."