The Met Office has issued three yellow weather warnings for the UK today, with one warning for Saturday, February 18, as a result of Storm Otto. People in northern Scotland have been warned of snow and ice, while residents of north and northeastern England received two separate wind warnings. It warns that road, rail, air and ferry services may be affected, with longer journey times and cancellations possible. High-sided vehicles in particular may be particularly prone because of the high winds affecting from the Scottish border down to Nottingham. The Met Office also warned that some roads and bridges may close, and injuries and danger to life from flying debris may be possible. Storm Otto is the first named storm of the season and is forecast to bring very strong winds to the UK on Friday and over the weekend. READ MORE: Elderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning Thousands of homes in Scotland, Northumberland and County Durham, have already lost power, with a handful of schools shutting their doors. One unlucky driver in Harrogate was stunned after his Porsche 911 was crushed by a tree earlier today. With many drivers being cautious of travelling in the strong gusts, Ed Colley, Head of Marketing at Autoglass issued a warning to motorists. He acknowledged that the UK’s windscreens will likely be put to the test this weekend with heavy winds rocking the nation. DON'T MISSDriver surprised to find hidden compartment in car door [SHOCKING]Popular petrol station tip will 'cost you extra for nothing' [WARNING]Major MOT changes delayed as consultation date pushed back [INSIGHT] The winds likely mean that drivers will face flying branches, rocks and other debris from the roads as they go about their journeys. He continued, saying: “In the current environment, there may be a temptation to leave a chip or delay getting it fixed to save costs. “However, when left unfixed over time chips will often expand into cracks, requiring a more costly windscreen replacement.” He warned that there was a chance that some drivers would be waking up today and over the weekend to a chipped windscreen as a result of a windswept branch or object. READ MORE: Classic car owners issued warning over seatbelt laws or risk fines Any driver who has the misfortune of this should ensure they get the chip repaired to save a potentially more costly bill further down the line. Mr Colley added: “Windscreen damage doesn’t have to be a complicated process, we will always look to repair glass first, and you can come straight to us. “We will work with your insurance company and manage your claim.” National Highways said some stretches of motorway, particularly in North Yorkshire, are closed in both directions to high-sided vehicles because of the strong winds. Gusts of wind can unsettle vehicles, so the Met Office urges drivers to grip their steering wheel firmly with both hands, particularly when planning to overtake. Motorists should keep an eye out for gaps between trees, buildings or bridges over a river or railway. These are the areas where people are more likely to be exposed to side winds. They are advised to also maintain enough room on either side of their vehicle so you can account for it being blown sideways. Paying attention to cyclists, motorcyclists and pedestrians is also vital, with drivers being told to give them more room than usual. They are more likely to be blown around by side winds and strong gusts, with any motorist being told to keep a safe distance.  Lucy Sherliker, head of customer at Zuto, said: “During these winter months, low sun and snow have the potential to reduce visibility to almost zero. “This means it is imperative you keep your windscreen clean and keep a pair of sunglasses handy to offset glare from the road.”