Lewis Hamilton has insisted that Mercedes don't need to "prove" themselves to him in order for the Brit to sign a new contract, stating he doesn't plan on joining another team. The seven-time world champion is out of contract at the end of the year and is yet to make his future plans official. There doesn't appear to be any concern from Toto Wolff about Hamilton's contract situation with the Mercedes team principal admitting there are only a few small changes that need to be made. “Our talks have always been going OK. I think we’ve done it three times now [negotiated contracts]," he said. “We are changing a sentence, or a word, or a number here and there." Wolff joked: "He wouldn’t want a zero less! "All is going to be good. I don’t think this is about closure for him. An eighth title would be wonderful because he deserves it, and only he and Michael Schumacher have seven. It’s more about doing what he loves, what he does best. If we provide him with a good car, there is nothing between him and an eighth title.”  But with the new season getting underway in little over a week, and pre-season starting on Thursday, Hamilton is still yet to commit his future to Mercedes. Hamilton was technically out of the F1 grid in the first few months of 2021 as he was locked in talks about a new deal with the Silver Arrows, meaning he wasn't officially confirmed as part of Mercedes line-up for that year until weeks before the season started. Since signing that last contract, Hamilton has seen Max Verstappen win back-to-back world titles and last year proved to be a frustrating one for the Brit. But Hamilton isn't putting any pressure on Mercedes to deliver the goods this year and indicates the car's performance won't have an effect on his future plans.  “No, I don’t feel like I need them to prove to me,” Hamilton said. “I think we’ve proven time and time again over the years that we have strength in depth, we still have all these incredibly talented individuals within the team. You don’t lose that ability. “I think this is the best harmony within the team that I’ve seen all these years and we’ve got a real, fresh young group of engineers and people that have just come into the team over the past year as well. So it’s an exciting time for the team and I don’t plan on being anywhere else. So in that element, that’s that.”