Stacey Dooley, 35, and Kevin Clifton, 40, announced the arrival of their daughter, Minnie, in January. The couple, who first met on Strictly Come Dancing in 2018, shared a short clip of Kevin holding his baby girl and rocking her while looking into her eyes, visibly completely head-over-heels for her. In the adorable video that has racked up over 50,000 likes in a matter of hours, the professional dancer can be seen cradling his baby girl. The couple's bundle of joy sported a knitted cardigan with her name "Minnie" embroidered onto the back of her baby knitwear. Stacey joked that her boyfriend would be on night duty once he returns from his dance tour. Over the beautiful clip of father-and-daughter, Stacey placed the Tommy Blaize track My Girl. READ MORE: Laura Hamilton sparks rumours of reconciliation with ex-husband The Strictly winner gushed over the two "loves of her life" in the sweet post. She penned: "My Valentines. The loves of my life. I dunno what I did to get SO lucky. "To the best dad and man in the world ….. happy vally’s darlin." Stacey finished: "Ps… you’re on nights when u get home from tour."(sic) The new parents were inundated with messages as celebrity pals and fans alike rushed to comment on the video. Strictly's Amy Dowden shared a series of heart-eye emojis and Rachel Stevens also added heart emojis. Ashley Roberts added: "The cutest!" Stacey and Kevin lifted the Glitterball Trophy in 2018 after they competed on Strictly. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty bids farewell to colleague as BBC editor steps down[LATEST]Billie Shepherd cruelly slammed by trolls after sharing snaps of baby[INSTAGRAM]Judge Robert Rinder pictured in hospital after undergoing surgery[TWITTER] Months after their appearance on the BBC show the pair embarked on a romance and have since welcomed their first child together. The couple announced the arrival of their daughter in January by sharing a photo of an envelope with the words "Minnie’s parents" scrawled across the front. Stacey wrote: "Our Daughter is here. My little masterpiece! I’m COMPLETELY OBSESSED." She signed off: "Love you Minnie, Love you Kev x." The documentary maker previously admitted on The One Show that she feels "really lucky", as at 35 "you never take it for granted". "But I can’t quite believe I’m going to be in charge of a little human being." Meanwhile, the new dad is currently on tour across the UK with Strictly Ballroom, a musical theatre version of Baz Luhrmann’s 1992 hit film. Choreographed by the legendary Craig Revel Horwood – the tour is set to go on for 10 months, and will hit 40 cities across the UK.