There is little more satisfying on a long-haul flight than shutting your eyes and opening them at your destination. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to former British Airways flight attendant about how to have the best - uninterrupted - snooze onboard. Some flyers love a plane journey, with its mandatory switching off, constant snacks and in-flight entertainment. However, others simply like to close their eyes and keep them closed until the end of the flight, undisturbed and rested for their holiday. According to the insider, where you sit on the plane is pretty paramount in determining how much sleep you get. Samantha told Express.co.uk: "If you’re at a window seat and planning to get some sleep (particularly when flying through the night into daylight) close your blind after take-off." READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how to avoid sitting next to a crying baby  She explained that those who forget to do this will have the flight attendant "climbing" all over them to close it or waking them up to do so. Samantha also suggested that the back of the plane may be better than the front for travellers hoping for some pre-holiday shut-eye. For those after a peaceful plane ride, avoid one section of the plane in particular. "If you book the middle aisle front row on a long-haul flight, yes you might get some extra leg room, but you’re more than likely to be sat next to a baby. "This is because this seat has a fold down table for cots/bassinets for babies to sleep instead of on someone’s lap for the whole flight." There is very little more sleep disrupting on a plane than a baby who is screaming and crying non-stop. Finally, Samantha offered an important tip for anyone sleeping with a blanket. Before you get cosy and shut your eyes, make sure that you have adjusted your blanket properly so that your seatbelt is on show. READ MORE: UK’s most loved and disliked landmark named  Flyers should fasten their seatbelts over their blankets to avoid flight attendants "waking them up to check every time the seatbelt signs turn on". Coming prepared with your own blanket and pillow might also help you get a better sleep on planes, as the ones offered by the airline might not be up to scratch. Wearing a sleep-appropriate outfit is also key, such as leggings, a loose-fitting top, baggy jumper and comfy socks. Anything too tight-fitting or restrictive might negatively impact your sleep. Haley Green from mattress review site The Sleep Judge offered her own insights on how to sleep better mid-air. "Leaning forward over the tray table is the best seat position for maximising rest," she stated, according to Forbes. However, reclining and leaning to the sides are "the worst positions".