Palace aides felt Meghan Markle "craved rejection" within the royal establishment from the start, according to author Valentine Low. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Low revealed some royal staffers hold the view that the Duchess of Sussex backed herself into a corner "to be rejected by the royal establishment because she never wanted to stay". "It's a controversial viewpoint but it is a viewpoint that some people in there [the Palace] felt," Low told Express.co.uk after describing the belief that she "craved rejection". Low has just released Courtiers: Intrigue, Ambition and the Power Players Behind the House of Windsor, an explosive insight into the inner workings of the royal institution. The royal author believes "unrealistic expectations" could have been at the heart of Meghan's struggle. "It was a combination of her unrealistic expectations about what royal life would be like and the palace's failure to manage those unrealistic expectations," he suggested. READ MORE: Meghan 'lacking huge fan club' in the US as public 'tired' of 'oversaturation' Low claims Harry was discontented with royal life long before Meghan came along and that she merely "heightened" his feelings. The Duke's "distrust with the household, his obsession with the media, his desire to create an impact and do something useful before people he becomes middle aged and boring" was already present, the royal author claimed. Low has previously offered sympathy with the Sussexes for their “acrimonious” departure from roles as senior working royals, suggesting Buckingham Palace handled the situation “clumsily”. In a previous interview with Express.co.uk, the royal author said: "The Palace handled it badly. Harry and Meghan were clearly unhappy. DON'T MISSSecond politician shot dead in a car in a week [REPORT]Kamala Harris squirms in GMA interview [POLITICS]Chinese spy balloons have been collecting data for years [INSIGHT] "Being born in the family should not be a life sentence - it was handled clumsily." Buckingham Palace confirmed in February 2021 that Harry and Meghan would not be returning to royal duties. “While all are saddened by their decision, the Duke and Duchess remain much loved members of the family,” the palace statement said at the time. The couple then settled in Montecito, an affluent neighbourhood in Santa Barbara, California. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says TV presenter over coronation fears The Sussexes may not feel as welcome as they once did in their new home. There are signs Americans are falling out of love with Harry and Meghan following their recent media campaign. Two-thousand US voters were polled six days after the release of Harry's memoir, Spare, on January 10. Since December 5, Harry's popularity has plummeted from +38 to -7 and Meghan's has dropped from +23 to -13 over the same period. According to an LA-based royal expert, this polling chimes with what she is hearing on the ground. "I am going to tell you something you do not want to hear, in the States the conversation is Harry and Meghan need to apologise and they need to move back to the UK," said Kinsey Schofield.