  Russell T Davies, 59, who has recently returned as head writer for Doctor Who, took to Instagram yesterday to slam BAFTA after they failed to pay tribute to the late Bernard Cribbins. Bernard, who played both Tom Campbell and Wilfred Mott in the popular BBC show, died last July at the age of 93.      During the 76th British Academy Film Awards, which was broadcast on the BBC on Sunday, host Richard E Grant introduced the segment dedicated to those in the industry who have died over the past year. However, viewers were left seething when beloved actor Bernard was left out of the touching tribute. In the segment, stars such as Olivia Newton John, Robbie Coltrane, Charlbi Dean, James Caan and Angela Lansbury were all honoured. Meanwhile Bernard, whose career had spanned seven decades, was left out. READ MORE: Walking Dead star and brother of Hayden Panettiere dies    It wasn’t long before fans realised that the actor, who is best known for starring in films such as The Railway Children and the Carry On franchise, was missing. VixenPPowell fumed on social media: “Was rather astonished to not see Bernard Cribbins being honoured. “A national treasure held dear by the majority of the nation! Limited time isn't a justified response, I'm sorry.” Following the online outrage, BAFTA responded to the Tweet with an excuse for why Bernard was left out.     Their official Twitter page wrote: “With limited time in our broadcast it isn’t possible to honour all those who have sadly passed away. “Bernard features in our online records at http://bafta.org/heritage/in-memory-of… “And given his influential work in TV, he will be considered for inclusion in the next Television Awards broadcast.” However, Doctor Who heavyweight Russell was quick to step in and slam BAFTA once more for their attitude towards his late friend and colleague. READ MORE... Madonna shows off 'surgery' results now swelling 'has gone down' [NEWS] John Cleese 'apologises' after Fawlty Towers news sparks upset [NEWS] Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [INSIGHT]     “It’s fair enough to remember Bernard Cribbins at the TV @bafta, not the film,” he reasoned. “To say he’s being ‘considered’ is the work of an idiot,” the writer added firmly. Fellow Doctor Who and Torchwood actor John Barrowman commented: “Well said Russell. “Someone needs/needed to be schooled. CONSIDERED? That's OUTRAGEOUS!!” (sic)     “@johnscotbarrowman just insane!! What a world xxx,” Russell replied. (sic) Presenter Gaby Roslin added: “Well said. What about his films? He was a true star, a wonderful actor and a joy and was so dearly loved.” (sic) “@gabyroslin absolutely darling,” Russell replied. “Thing is, I’m fairly sure you don’t appear on BOTH lists. “And I get that, there’s a lot of names, I have no doubt whatsoever he’ll be on the TV list. But it’s the “considered” that kills them.” (sic) Express.co.uk contacted BAFTA for comment and a spokesperson said: "We can confirm Bernard Cribbins will be remembered in our upcoming BAFTA Television Awards ceremony broadcast in May."   