EastEnders fans eagerly tuned into Tuesday night’s episode searching for clues to the flash-forward murder mystery teased at the end of Monday’s instalment. They weren’t disappointed as Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) took delivery of a consignment of wedding dresses. As Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) held up one of the bridal gowns to question Stacey about them, viewers were convinced it was the same dress that Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) was wearing in the landmark scene. The ground-breaking episode on Monday night teased the murder of a major male character this coming Christmas. It ended with a flash-forward to an opulently decorated Queen Vic in Christmas 2023. Six of the Square’s matriarchs; Sharon, Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), Denise Branning (Diane Parish), Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Stacey were standing over a dead body. Intriguingly, Sharon was wearing a wedding dress as she tested for a pulse before announcing “he’s dead”. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error While there has been much speculation about who she is set to marry, viewers are convinced they have already spotted her dress 10 months before the big day. With Stacey currently struggling financially she admitted to Eve that shifty Slater matriarch Big Mo (Laila Morse) had sent a consignment of wedding dresses, hoping she could store them in her garage for an associate called “Shifty Shiv”. Stacey is hoping to get help from him in replacing equipment that was recently stolen from her catering van. However, as they sifted through the haul, viewers at home were distracted by one gown in particular that Eve held up, which appeared to be identical to the one Sharon had been wearing during the flash-forward episode. Twitter user @Mia_Cluer exclaimed: “So we know where Sharon gets her wedding dress from #shiftyshiv #EastEnders #thesix @bbceastenders.” @RyanJL, questioned: “Was that Sharon's future wedding dress Eve held up? #EastEnders.” Another fan with the username @sharonsstacey was convinced it was the same dress writing: “Eve is definitely holding Sharon’s wedding dress from the flash forward omg #EastEnders." Meanwhile @mishybabez_ said: “I can now see where Sharon is gonna (sic) get her wedding dress from in Christmas 2023 but who is she gonna (sic) marry? Keanu, Phil or someone else. #EastEnders.” DON'T MISSEastEnders' couple torn apart as Eve Unwin exposes affair [INSIGHT]Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [VIDEO]EastEnders' Zack Hudson and Whitney Dean united in baby tragedy [SPOILERS] EastEnders fans will have to wait until Christmas Day 2023 to find out the identity of the victim, who the murderer was and how it all went down. Even the cast aren’t sure of how the story will pan out as Kellie Bright, who plays Linda Carter, revealed when she appeared on This Morning on Tuesday. “We’ve all gone round right round the houses of who we think it could be,” she said. “I think there’s going to be lots of red herrings,  little things that you’re going to kind of go, ‘oh it’s definitely him,’ and it’s going to…shift and change throughout the year.” EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One