Police have charged two 15-year-olds with the murder of 16-year-old Brianna Ghey. Cheshire Constabulary announced today that officials have charged a 15-year-old boy and girl from Warrington and Leigh. Miss Ghey, of the Warrington Birchwood area, was found suffering from grievous bodily wounds by members of the public on Saturday, February 11 in Culcheth Linear Park. She was seen as she lay wounded on one of the park's paths at around 3.13pm, with an ambulance called to the scene. But despite their best efforts, she died on the scene, with a police inquiry launched to determine her cause of death. Investigations have confirmed she was killed by multiple stab wounds. Although officers initially ruled out a hate crime in initial inquiries, police have since confirmed they will explore additional motives. In an update on Tuesday, Cheshire Constabulary said: "All lines of enquiry are being explored, including whether this was a hate crime. "Please continue to avoid speculation online and be wary of sharing misinformation relating to this case." As a transgender girl, Miss Ghey's death has prompted an outpouring of affection from the general public. People have gathered across the country for candlelit vigils, where they have also signalled their support for the trans community. The first candlelit gatherings saw people gather in some of the UK's biggest cities, with crowds at St George's Hall in Liverpool and College Green in Bristol. Additional vigils will follow in the coming days, as Miss Ghey's family mourns her loss. The family has issued a tribute for the "much-loved daughter, granddaughter, and baby sister". The statement said: "She was a larger-than-life character who would leave a lasting impression on all that met her. "Brianna was beautiful, witty and hilarious. Brianna was strong, fearless and one of a kind. "The loss of her young life has left a massive hole in our family, and we know that the teachers and her friends who were involved in her life will feel the same."