I saw a friend the other day in a very similar state to me – terminally ill – who needed some urgent medication. They sent an email to their local GP and asked, under the instruction of their Macmillan Cancer nurse, for an urgent prescription for an anti-sickness medication because of the nausea which is ruining their quality of life. Hospital staff told them to call their GP but they received a one-line reply from the doctors telling them they had to have an appointment to receive a prescription. So, they called the surgery to make an appointment, even though they are too ill to leave the house, and were told the next available slot was in five weeks time. Frankly, that’s no bloody good – five weeks feeling like the person is feeling at the moment could mean they’re not even here in five weeks! I’m sorry to be so negative but it really seems that GPs cannot do the job they are paid for. Surely the surgery should have some capacity to see a patient in an emergency? If there are too many patients and not enough doctors, then we have to address this immediately, not down the road in a couple of months or couple of years. It needs to be done now. Because when you start to suffer with great pain and nausea (and I’m speaking from agonising experience), it can be one of the most debilitating things ever. Things cannot carry on in this way. I have the utmost respect for my doctors. The oncology team looking after me and prolonging my life is amazing. And I send them my thanks, my best wishes and my love, together with the Macmillan and specialist nurses. The clinicians and everybody else at the hospital involved have been fantastic. But GPs – not all of you, but quite a few – need to wake up and realise you are letting your patients down. We as a nation need to address this by training more doctors, but in the short-term GPs need to think about the welfare of the people who rely on them. PS: The NHS does not need more diversity coaches, language translators for every country on the planet, winter and summer coordinators and various other spurious roles. We need doctors, clinicians and nurses. MPs, please make it happen. I've just been to hospital in London for one of my regular checkups and now I’m on my way home, writing this as a car passenger. It’s 6pm and all I can see is stationary traffic. People’s tempers are fraying, horns are being hooted and I need a wee. Has London Mayor Sadiq Khan really given up on London or is this part of his plan to make it so appallingly difficult as far as business is concerned that the Government will have to give the capital some levelling up cash to lure in some corporations to invest in it? “Get on a bike or walk you silly man,” I hear some of you idiotic greenies say. Well, I’m hardly in a state to do either health-wise, and a lot of other people are in the same boat. Do you really think people drive into a city or a town because it’s fun? London has become such a ridiculous place to come to and the cost is just prohibitive: parking, fines, congestion charges, the whole lot designed to make us turn away from the capital. Not to mention the proposed expansion of the ULEZ, the ultra low emision zone, which makes drivers of older cars and vans pay £12.50 daily to travel anywhere in the city. Something already opposed by several councils and lots of motorists, especially in this cost-of-living crisis. If the capital city continues like this, the economy of this nation will never improve. Why on earth are we sending money to one of the biggest, richest countries and economies in the world? Ten years after ministers announced that aid to China would cease, it has been revealed that we gave £50million to Beijing in 2021. Even development minister Andrew Mitchell was “surprised” to learn that millions of pounds were still being sent to China, but, surprise, surprise, has yet to put a date on when the cash flow will end. Have we got the stupidest politicians and civil servants in the world? It’s hardly as though we should be feeling friendly to China at the moment. Only at the weekend there were rumours going round after a European security meeting that China might sell arms to Russia to continue its horrific war against Ukraine. And it was recently revealed that UK government departments and probably lots of other publicly-funded organisations are using surveillance equipment wholly or partly having Chinese components that could be at risk of hacking. China is spying on the whole world and we’re aiding and abetting them. And all while we are having front page headlines screaming that the UK’s Armed Forces haven’t got enough arms, planes or even people to defend us. I was so disappointed to discover that what the US military have been shooting down are not UFOs. These high-flying balloons have, it seems, been used for quite some time and not just by the Chinese. But are we being told the full story? Remember all the US speculation back in 1947 about the “Roswell Incident” when balloon debris gave rise to rumours of an alien landing. If they’re alien craft shot down, might there be survivors? Remember David Bowie’s stranded alien in The Man Who Fell To Earth. Or even ET? So has anybody noticed an odd little guy with big eyes shrouded in a hoodie? I was so sad to hear of the death of Raquel Welch last week at the age of 82. Anyone who was young in 1966 will remember her in that fur bikini in One Million Years BC. Gave a whole new meaning to those boring school lessons on Prehistory. She only had three lines of dialogue in the whole movie but got voted sexiest woman in the world in more than one poll. Not bad for someone who started off as a TV weather presenter. She was my pin-up all right. Nowadays, just saying that will get you cancelled by some people and get you shouted at by others, with all this political correctness. Interestingly, Raquel got involved in an early version of the trans furore when she played a transsexual in 1970 movie Myra Breckinridge. The film’s producer said: “If a man wanted to become a woman he would want to become the most beautiful woman in the world. He would become Raquel Welsh.” Sam Smith has got a lovely voice and I enjoy their music but for some reason the singer seems to want to dress like a child’s inflated balloon. I’m talking about the Brit Awards, of course. It’s always good to recognise talent, but do we really need to endure the bizarre fashions on display? What a selection of fashion failures there were! Some seem to think a bizarre outfit will mask lack of talent. But can Sam really think dressing in a black vinyl, inflatable suit – whose designer said he took inspiration from the silhouette of his dog – would improve their popularity? Come to think of it, just what kind of a dog is it? Get back to singing the great songs and stop dressing up like some kind of inflated bin bag. Lady W mentioned in passing that it must have been quite difficult to sit down wearing that – or indeed perform one or two other natural functions. fashion failures