Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been warned that he may have lost the Anfield dressing room and that the squad is not playing for him following the Reds’ 3-0 defeat to Wolves on Saturday. An own goal from Joel Matip before efforts from Craig Dawson and Ruben Neves sealed all three points for the hosts at Molineux, while Liverpool are still yet to win a Premier League game in 2023. Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has rekindled his feud with Klopp, having been called out by the German earlier in the season for his remarks after Manchester United’s 4-0 defeat to Brentford in August. Agbonlahor feels that several of the Liverpool team have lost the passion to play under Klopp and picked out numerous players in the squad. “I have been saying this a lot this season, Jurgen Klopp for me is not motivating these players,” Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. “Recently I have been watching Liverpool and they are not playing like a group of players that are playing for the manager. “You look [at] today, [Naby] Keita, Thiago strolling around. The third goal from Neves, Thiago just was not even bothered to follow the run. You look at their last three away games: loss, loss, loss. They can’t score goals anymore, [Darwin] Nunes isn’t finishing his chances, [Mohamed] Salah doesn’t look like a threat anymore. “[Cody] Gakpo needs some time to be fair to him but he doesn’t look like he is up to it yet. We talk about how he [Klopp] has a lot of credit in the bank but do Liverpool fans want Klopp to stay? Because he is just not doing it at the moment.” After the game, Klopp admitted he was searching for the answers as to why his side have gone from competing in all four competitions last season and won two trophies while being close to claiming a quadruple, to a team that is languishing in mid-table. Agbonlahor felt that Wolves could have scored as many as six goals against a “shambolic” Liverpool side and claimed that Klopp looked like a defeated man on the sideline. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap “You look at that team today and Wolves had scored 12 goals in the Premier League this season until today,” Agbonlahor added. “They scored three, a fifth of their goals this season they scored today against Liverpool and it could have been five or six, it was shambolic. “Liverpool fans making that journey today to Molineux and seeing that lack of fight, lack of desire, you never had that question against Liverpool players, [the starting lineup] is 100 per cent good enough. In the last three away games they have lost, they are good enough to win those games with the players that they had on the pitch. “He just looks tired, Klopp, he is sitting down in the dugout and he just looks tired and fed up. No fire in him, you don’t see him standing up and trying to give his players any help, he just looks defeated.”