The 52-year-old was found guilty of murdering Ms Burke, 25, and two-year-old Jellica after a five-day trial at the High Court in Edinburgh. He was also convicted of sexually abusing the toddler and raping another child at his Dundee home between February 20 and March 5, 2021. The bodies of Bennylyn and Jellica, were found buried under the kitchen floor of Andrew's house on March 18, 2021. Almost two years on, Andrew has been found guilty following a trial at the High Court in Edinburgh. He was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum of 36 years. In a statement released on Monday, Detective Chief Inspector Graham Smith, of Police Scotland’s Major Investigation Team, said: "The murders of Bennylyn Burke and her two-year-old daughter Jellica have shocked and appalled us all. READ MORE: Urgent search underway after captain falls overboard and vessel washes ashore "Today, our thoughts are very much with their family and friends, including those relatives who travelled from the Philippines for this trial." He added: "This was a harrowing investigation which deeply affected everyone involved – Police Scotland officers and staff, forensic scientists, external anthropology experts and colleagues from Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service, Avon and Somerset Police and the National Crime Agency. “Everyone showed commitment and professionalism in the face of the most appalling circumstances to secure justice for Bennylyn and Jellica." Mr Smith continued: "In almost 30 years of policing, the depravity shown by Andrew Innes was beyond anything I, or colleagues, had witnessed before. READ MORE: MP warns people searching for Nicola Bulley and speculating is 'hampering' investigation "Not only did he callously take the lives of a young mother and an innocent child, he then set out to escape justice by burying their bodies beneath his kitchen floor. "His actions showed no regard for human life, or for the suffering and anguish he brought to their loved ones. "I want to end by thanking Bennylyn and Jellica’s family for the courage they have shown throughout what has been an unimaginable ordeal and I hope that this conviction helps to bring them some degree of closure." DON'T MISS Five possible theories behind missing Nicola Bulley's disappearance [REVEALED]Epsom College head found dead at school alongside husband and daughter [REPORT]Nicola Bulley's family and friends hurt by 'vile' online theories [LATEST] On Monday, Judge Lord Beckett told the jury at Edinburgh High Court that they were "bound to find the accused guilty of murder". The decision comes after the judge ruled there was insufficient evidence to support the defence that medication had caused Andrew to suffer steroid-induced psychosis, leading to him going "insane". Lord Beckett stated that Innes murdered "an innocent woman and defenceless child". Sentencing Innes, he stated the charges where "amongst the very worst crimes" in the high court.