Taxes, he admitted, would have to rise, and order was soon restored. Except that it is gradually dawning on many people that, for all their mistakes, Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng were right in their ambition to generate growth through low taxes. In particular, they were right about the need to cancel the sharp rise in corporation tax Rishi Sunak had announced when he was Chancellor.  In a month’s time, corporation tax will rise from 19 percent to 25 percent, just as the Government’s “super deduction”, which allows firms to cut their tax liability sharply by investing in new plants, will end. The results of this false move are already clear: BT’s chief financial officer, Simon Lowth, yesterday warned that Britain is heading for a “cliff edge deterioration” in business investment. That will make it harder, he added, for Britain to break out of the cycle of low productivity and low growth in which we have been trapped since the 2008/09 financial crisis. This comes on top of the news last month that AstraZeneca, one of Britain’s largest companies, is to build a new factory not in Cheshire, as it had planned, but in Dublin. Chief Executive Pascal Soriot explained why: Britain’s business tax environment was becoming hostile to investment. AstraZeneca is not going to be the last company to withdraw investment from Britain on the grounds of unfavourable business taxation. Large multi-national businesses are highly fleet of foot. If they can cut their tax liabilities by shifting operations to lower-tax environments, they will.  The sad thing is that, at 19 percent, Britain has an attractive level of corporation tax – the lowest among OECD countries. We found out the benefits of this during the coalition years, when corporation tax was cut and revenue increased. Instead of directing profits away from Britain, corporations diverted them towards Britain. Just look at how the fortunes of Ireland have been transformed over the past decades, from a relative backwater to the third or fourth richest country in the world, in terms of GDP per capita. Ireland didn’t attract businesses like Apple thanks to the delights of Irish culture and countryside, considerable though they might be – it happened because for years Ireland has had a corporation tax rate of just 12.5 percent. That is soon to rise to 15 percent under pressure from Joe Biden’s efforts to repatriate tax revenues from US companies, but Ireland will remain a friendly place for businesses to invest. In his campaign to become Prime Minister in 2019, Boris Johnson initially promised to reduce corporation tax to 17 percent, but then changed his mind. Thanks to the pandemic, and the huge burden it placed on the public purse, it is perhaps unrealistic to reduce corporation tax rate below 19 percent now, but it certainly shouldn’t be going up at a time when the economy is weak.  Jeremy Hunt was not wrong to prioritise bringing the public finances back under control. If international investors lose confidence in a government’s ability to service its debts, interest rates on government bonds will soar. As we found in September, that can more than cancel out any benefit from tax cuts. But there are taxes and there are taxes. Last autumn was not the time for giveaways such as the abolition of the 45 pence tax rate – desirable though that might be in the longer term. But neither was it a time to be increasing corporation tax and abolishing incentives for businesses to invest in efficiency. Truss and Kwarteng’s biggest errors were introducing a non-means-tested Energy Price Guarantee and then failing to engage the Office of Budgetary Responsibility to cost their fiscal plans.  They also went too far with personal taxation cuts. But in focusing on growing the economy they were right. Hunt has no such focus, and it is harming the economy. The good news is that energy prices are falling. Citigroup yesterday predicted UK inflation could fall to just over 2 percent by the end of this year. Moreover, the public finances in January were healthier than many predicted, with a surplus of over £5billion. Hunt has room for manoeuvre for revising his fiscal plans in next month’s Budget. He should take the opportunity to cut corporation tax, restore incentives to invest – and start attracting much-needed business back to Britain. 