South Park's parody of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle has likely been "immensely damaging" to their "vast egos", one royal commentator believes. The "accuracy" of the depiction is what makes it so stinging, vocal Washington-based commentator Nile Gardiner wrote on Twitter. The episode, aired last Wednesday, followed the "prince of Canada and his wife" as they embarked on a promotional tour for their tell-all memoir. In response to sources claiming Meghan is "upset and overwhelmed" by the episode, Gardiner claimed: "The South Park parody has been immensely damaging to the vast egos of Meghan and Harry. Not least because its depiction of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex is so accurate." In a previous tweet, the royal enthusiast said Harry and Meghan have become "laughing stocks" in the US following the South Park spoof. The sentiment was shared by other royal commentators, with Angela Levin tweeting "Ouch! This is cringe-making stuff" and Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer described the parody as a "merciless lampooning". Americans appeared to echo these statements, with Naomi from Santa Barbara branding the parody "brilliant! Very funny and I hope there is another episode!" while Vicky from New York said that the Sussexes had become "laughing stocks". READ MORE: Everyone is 'fed up' with Harry and Meghan as they went too far and lost all 'credibility' The episode begins with the news that the Queen of Canada, who resembles the late Queen Elizabeth II, has died. A young couple are shown attending her funeral, but at the ceremony they get booed by the rest of the family for “bashing the Canadian monarchy”. The couple then appear on a breakfast television show, called Good Morning Canada, holding placards that read “we want privacy” and “stop looking at us”. A reference to the Duke's memoir, Spare, was also made, as the host of the programme holds up the memoir - titled "Waaagh" in the cartoon. DON'T MISSTrump's 'connection' with King Charles could seal post-Brexit deal [INSIGHT]Biden vows to defend 'every inch of Nato' against Russia [LATEST]China warns US over Taiwan 'meddling' in new Cold War [REPORT] Rumours swirled that the Sussexes were considering taking legal action against the show but their spokesperson has shot this down, branding it “baseless and boring”. Rejecting the possibility of taking legal action, a spokesperson for the Sussexes told People: "It's all frankly nonsense. Totally baseless, boring reports." It's unclear whether the show has dented the Sussexes' popularity stateside, but new polling suggests their appeal is waning. A Redfield and Wilton survey of 2,000 eligible voters conducted for Newsweek revealed that Prince Harry's net approval rating fell from -7 percent in January to -10 percent on February 19. READ MORE: US TV host Megyn Kelly brands Meghan and Harry 'international laughing stocks' The Duke's approval rating has tanked by 48 points since December 5, when he registered a positive net score of 38 percent. Meghan's ratings also fell as her 23 percent rating in December collapsed to -17 percent in February, having stood at -13 percent in January. King Charles was handed a positive approval rating of 11 percent, salvaging much of the four points he lost following the release of Spare. Queen Camilla, who received several broadside shots from her step-son in his memoir, recovered her ratings from -8 percent in January as she is now liked by 23 percent of Americans and disliked by another 23 percent. Despite comments made about Prince William, including even about his hair, the Duke of Cornwall's 28 percent net approval rating is seven points higher than his support in January. But it is still somewhat lower than the 40 percent net approval rating he received in early December. Kate Middleton remains America's most popular living member of the Firm, with a net approval rating of 32 percent. But similarly to her husband, she is still short of her December score, which soared to 43 percent.