The partner of missing Lancashire woman Nicola Bulley has informed the couple's young children about her disappearance, telling them: "Mummy's lost". The girls reportedly "cried their eyes out" as police continued their search for the 45-year-old local. Ms Bulley vanished on Friday morning after dropping her daughters off at school and then taking their dog Willow for a walk. She was last seen around 9:15am walking along a towpath next to the River Wyre in the village of St Michael's on Wyre. Ms Bulley, a mortgage advisor, dialled into a work call which her phone was still connected to when it was found on a bench by police when they got to the scene at around 10:30am. Her dog Willow was also found unharmed.  Partner Paul Ansell, 44, told their daughters Harriet, nine, and Sophia, six, at the weekend that their mother was missing. Her mum Dorothy re­v­eal­ed: "He just said, ‘Mummy’s lost’." Paul’s dad David said: "They cried their eyes out." A friend of Ms Bulley's, Emma White, said: "We just want her home. We’ve got two little girls wanting their mummy, so if anyone has any information please just come forward."  READ MORE: Police searching for missing dog walker Nicola Bulley identify witness She added that Mr Ansell was being "as strong as possible" for the children. Police revealed on Monday that they had spoken to a key witness as the emergency services continued to comb the surrounding area. They added they were "especially keen" to speak to a 70-year-old man who was in the area at the time walking a white fluffy dog on a lead.  DON'T MISS:Pope Francis tells world ‘Hands off Africa’ on trip to the Congo [LATEST]China lashes out on ‘unscrupulous’ US after crackdown on Huawei [REPORT]Mistake to bet against Trump as GOP 'still love him', says expert [ANALYSIS] It later emerged that the man had come forward and offered to assist with inquiries. The police have said they are keeping an "open mind" and do not suspect there was any foul play or that Ms Bulley had been attacked. Friend Heather Gibbons said: "We want to hold on to the hope that no news is good news. "With Nikki, we just know that if she could be at home with her girls, we very firmly believe that is where she would be."