The View co-presenter Alyssa Farah Griffin took to Twitter to apologise to Ron DeSantis after admitting she "tripped up" on his policy. Farah Griffin was met with a wave of backlash after claiming on air the Florida Governor was trying to "erase" Black history with his opposition against the AP African American History course. DeSantis has been leading a controversial reform of the education system across the state, which includes attempts to remove classes on race theory from the curriculum.  "My mom always taught me that when you’re wrong admit it, say sorry, and get it right next time." The DeSantis camp welcomed the apology but called for The View presenter to make a further correction on air. The Governor's press secretary, Bryan Griffin, said: "Accidental misrepresentation' is a bizarre phenomenon in corporate media that seems to happen a lot when talking about @GovRonDeSantis. Truly inexplicable. READ MORE: US shoots down 'high-altitude object' spotted flying over Alaska, White House says "Nonetheless, thank you @Alyssafarah for correcting the record and speaking up for the truth," the press secretary added." DeSantis's office later told Fox News: "The right thing to do would be to make an on-air correction" but suggested her tweeted statement correcting the record was enough." Farah Griffin had previously stated the Florida Governor had been pushing for a complete ban on the African American History course. But according to the Florida Department of Education's website, the state's African American History classes must teach "the history of African peoples before the political conflicts that led to the development of slavery" as well as "the enslaved experience," "abolition" and "the history and contributions of Americans of the African diaspora to society." But he insisted he viewed Black history as part of American history: "It’s just cut and dried history. “You learn all the basics. You learn about the great figures, and you know, I view it as American history. I don’t view it as separate history.” While the teaching of African American history has been included in the official curriculum of Florida's education department, teachers have long lamented the lack of funding stymied efforts to provide appropriate courses to students. Rep. Rudolph Bradley, a former Representative who sponsored the bill requiring Black history to be taught in schools, admitted the legislation had flaws from the start. Bradley told CNN: "The mistake on my part, being a freshman, I didn’t understand the importance of attaching appropriations. “I didn’t understand what an unfunded mandate was and how difficult that would make it for school districts to incorporate it.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews