Piers Morgan, 57, has doubled down on his criticism of Sam Smith in a renewed social media attack following the singer’s appearance on BBC's The One Show earlier today. The broadcaster told the Unholy star to “shut up” as they expressed their wish to become a “fisherthem” in a sneak peek shared on Twitter. Appearing on the programme, Sam revealed their love for fishing, before being asked whether they wanted to become a “fly fisherman”. The pop star who uses the pronouns they/them, could be seen in the video, which was reposted by Piers, making the revelation. One Show host Ronan Keating asked Sam: “You're a big fan of fishing?” The Stay With Me singer replied: “I do love fishing, yes! Yeah, I'd love to be a fisher-them.” A host asked them: 'What, like a fly fisherman?' Sam Smith corrected: 'I'd be any type of fisher-them. I think I would like to, one day, I'd just like to end my days fishing. Like sitting on a bank.” They added: “I do it on the sea and I do it on lakes. I've never done it alone, someone's almost taught me.” Piers, who recently has been openly critic of the musician on his Twitter, captioned the footage: “Sam Smith needs to shut up.” However, his remark sparked mixed opinions, with some online users jumping to Sam’s defence. PHLstoner said: “The fact that this bothers you so much says more about you than it does about Sam Smith.” Julia_froenicke added: “I guess Oxford Dictionary etc will need an army of editors in the coming years.” RMunai1 tweeted: “Can someone take Sam out to a lake far far far away and just leave Sam there.” DON'T MISS...JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [DEBATE]Brooklyn Beckham mocked as he surprises wife Nicola in just a towel [PICTURES]Liz Hurley astounds fans in totally nude Valentine's Day photoshoot [LATEST] Last week, Piers made a savage swipe at Sam Smith as he criticised their bold outfit choice for the Brit Awards 2023. The former Good Morning Britain presenter branded Sam “over-thirsty for attention” in view of more than eight million followers. Piers uploaded a picture of the music star in their black latex inflatable jumpsuit as they stepped onto the red carpet on Saturday at the Brit Awards. The broadcaster captioned the shot: “Methinks ‘they’ is getting a teeny weeny bit over-thirsty for attention #BRITs.” Piers had previously taken aim at Sam as he blasted the Grammy Awards 2023 in a recent column. Writing in the New York Post, Piers fumed: "What’s the best way to p*** off half of America in less than five minutes? "It would be hard to beat what the Grammys did last night when they had pigtailed, filler-face-plumped Madonna introduce non-binary singer Sam Smith." Piers pointed out that the singer "who first came out as gay, then gender-fluid, and now demands to be called 'they'".