Business and Energy Secretary Grant Shapps believes energy firms have failed in their clear duty to support vulnerable households. He has also fired a warning shot at regulator Ofgem, which is “too easily having the wool pulled over their eyes” by suppliers. It comes after the latest figures showed energy firms were granted 26,430 uncontested warrants to force their way into properties in just 25 days last month. The scale of the use of legal powers by gas and electricity firms was revealed before industry ­regulator Ofgem ordered a temporary halt to the practice last week. It followed a report that British Gas debt collectors had “broken into” customers’ homes to force vulnerable households to have pay-as-you-go meters fitted, or have their supply switched off. Households with small children and those with medical conditions were among those affected. Ofgem rules state that suppliers cannot force-fit a prepayment meter under warrant for people in very vulnerable situations if they don’t want one, or charge them the £150 costs on top of the debts. These include pensioners, the disabled or long-term sick, pregnant women, families with children under five, or those with a mental health condition. The deadline means energy bosses must urgently report back on what “remedial action”, such as providing compensation, they will take for affected households. Ofgem was also ordered to “toughen up” its investigations, with a new customer hotline being set up so consumers can report directly to the regulator. Mr Shapps said: “I am appalled that vulnerable customers struggling with their energy bills have had their homes invaded and prepayment meters installed when there is a clear duty on suppliers to provide them with support. “They need to refocus their efforts on their consumers who are at the receiving end of this abhorrent behaviour. I’m also concerned the regulator is too easily having the wool pulled over their eyes by taking at face value what energy companies are telling them. “They need to also listen to customers to make sure this treatment doesn’t happen again.” The warrants figure was released following a parliamentary question by Shadow Energy Secretary Dr Alan Whitehead. He said: “It is shameful that forced installation of prepayment meters cut off people’s heat and power, including some of the most vulnerable.” Caroline Flint, of the fuel poverty advisory committee, said: “Energy companies were given the benefit of the doubt for too long.”