Andy Murray was spotted raging on the bench after falling 4-1 down in the first set against Daniil Medvedev in their Qatar Open final showdown. The Brit has gone into the game hoping to claim his first title since 2019 but endured a slow start out in the Middle East. Medvedev raced into an early lead out in Qatar, with the Russian operating at the peak of his powers during the showdown so far. And Murray has struggled to impose himself on the contest, much to his annoyance. The former world No 1 was broken in the first game of the match, before then proceeding to lose the second as well. Murray did manage to win the third but, after that, Medvedev proceeded to win two more to open up a commanding advantage. And the Brit couldn’t contain his annoyance during a brief break, with the 35-year-old ranting to himself furiously and expressing his displeasure at his own performance so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Murray is hoping to win the Qatar Open for the third time in his career. The veteran got the better of Stan Wawrinka back in 2008, overcoming the Swiss star with a 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 win. The following year, Murray then breezed past Andy Roddick with a 6-4, 6-2 victory. Murray last played in the final back in 2017 when he went up against formidable foe Novak Djokovic. And the Serb proceeded to be too strong for the Brit, bettering him with a 6-3, 5-7, 6-4 win to claim the trophy. Meanwhile, Murray still playing at such a high level given his injury woes over the years is something he deserves credit for. And the Brit opened up on his impressive durability before the match, saying: “One of the great things about the scoring system in this sport is things can change very quickly. “I had multiple conversations with my team in the middle to the end part of last year, and I lost lots of close matches. “I said, ‘As soon as I start winning some, then that’s going to change quickly because of the law of averages, really, like I couldn’t keep losing that many matches’. “If I kept working hard and kept improving just a little bit, then those matches would change. So I’m glad that I was right with that, and I hope it continues.” As for Medvedev, the Russian is in awe of Murray and how he’s still going strong as he approaches the twilight years of his career. “It’s unbelievable [what Murray has accomplished this week],” said the world No 8. “As soon as someone arrives at match point, that’s where the match starts. So I have to be at my best from the first to the last point tomorrow to try to beat him. “He’s a legend. He’s playing better and better, I feel like, not only here but in general. This is amazing to see. He’s fighting. “Today was just unbelievable, the way he won [against Lehecka], so I’m really happy to face him tomorrow.”