The unflinching First World War film bagged an astonishing seven wins during Sunday night's BAFTAs ceremony on BBC One. Screenwriter Lesley Paterson appeared on Monday's instalment of BBC Breakfast to discuss the Netflix film's triumph but host Sally Nugent blasted a "bonkers" decision to cut her acceptance speech from the programme.  Sally began her Zoom interview by asking: "Lesley, I have to ask you about one slightly bonkers decision last night. "I know when you got your award you came up on stage and you made a speech which did not make the edit of the programme that went on television. "Someone, somewhere, I think we will be having a word with them." The BBC journalist was eager to know the screenwriter's reaction to her speech getting axed. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show Lesley replied: "It is frustrating because it really does take a village to make a film. "All the team should be recognised, especially as we started this project many years ago. "At the end of the day, I have not gotten this far by being negative about little things like that. "I am a positive person and I am so happy with what's happened.  "It is what it is and hopefully I can give a speech at the Oscars." Co-host Jon Kay interjected to ask Lesley if she would like to give a speech live on BBC Breakfast. "I think I would say never give up on your dreams," she explained. "Fight for them all the way regardless of how big those dreams seem to other people." She also thanked her family and her husband Simon, her writing partner. DON'T MISS...Austin Butler pays tribute to Lisa Marie after his Elvis BAFTA win [LATEST]Age-defying Joan Collins drips in sequins at A-list BAFTA after party [PICTURES]BAFTA viewers blast Ariana DeBose's 'painful to watch' performance [VIDEO] Lesley said the harrowing film portrayed an important anti-war message to viewers. "Lesley you have made our day," Sally gushed. "Never give up on your dreams, fight, fight, fight." All Quiet on the Western Front is a screen adaptation of the 1928 novel by Erich Maria Remarque. The Netflix film was directed by Edward Berger who said he was honoured the public had accepted it with "overwhelming love".  During the ceremony, Austin Butler scooped the Best Leading Actor award for his portrayal of Elvis Presley in the biopic Elvis. The American said during his acceptance speech: "This is truly extraordinary. To my fellow nominees, I am in awe of you. "I am so grateful for all these times we've been able to spend together." The 31-year-old added: "I want to thank the Presley family, I cannot thank you enough for your love. I hope I've made you proud." The 2023 BAFTAs ceremony can now be streamed on BBC iPlayer. 