After breaking the all-time NBA points record on Tuesday night, LeBron James was showered with praise - and even Michael Jordan has sent his congratulations to the Los Angeles Lakers star. Despite losing 133-130 to Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday, a 38-point game from James saw him overtake Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s all-time NBA scoring record. The all-time great went into Tuesday's game knowing that 36 points would be enough to break the NBA record of 38,387 points. He made the iconic shot as the third quarter came to a close. After making history, the Crypto.com Arena erupted, and the love poured in for James from a whole host of A-list stars and fellow sporting greats. But up there with James for one of the biggest names in NBA history is Jordan. "Congratulations to LeBron on this incredible achievement," Jordan said as James broke Abdul-Jabbar's record, before adding: "It’s a testament to his hard work, longevity, and his great skill." The record lasted for 39 years, but now James will have his sights set on reaching the 40,000 point mark before calling time on his NBA career. James feels that he is the best, however, he admitted it's not really his decision to make. The 38-year-old said: "I am going to let everybody else decide who that is or just talk about it - but it is great barber shop talk. "I am going to take myself against anybody that has played this game but everyone is going to have their favourite. I know what I bring to the table every single night and what I can do on the floor. "I always feel like I am the best to ever play this game but there are so many great ones and I am just happy to be a part of it." Along with Jordan, Lakers legend Magic Johnson also sent his wishes, as he said: "Wow, never in my lifetime did I think I would see two NBA athletes score over 38,000 points! "I still remember when my Showtime teammate, the legendary Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, broke the record. It was an honour to be the guy to pass it to him and cement his legacy!" Now that the record has been achieved, James will turn his focus to getting the Lakers into the play-offs. But they have a long way to go as their record sits at 25-30. James's record-setting performance drew in a massive audience for TNT - but still wasn't the most-watched game of the season. The stunning performance drew an average of three million viewers to TNT, making it the network's largest non-opening night regular-season audience in five years. The Milwaukee Bucks' visit to Boston on Christmas Day topped the chart for this season with a peak of 6.08m viewers - 1.33m more than the festive clash between the Memphis Grizzlies and the Golden State Warriors in second place. Viewership for Tuesday night's historic game dwindled after James scored the record-breaking shot. After James set the new record, numbers fell from 3.72m at 11.45pm and 3.64m at midnight to 2.40m in the final full quarter-hour. TNT's telecast won the night across all of television in the key young adult demographics - between 18-49 years old and 25-54 years old - which is even more notable given President Joe Biden's State of the Union address aired across multiple networks Tuesday night.