Ex-Arsenal star Ray Parlous believes that his former side’s defeat to Manchester City indicated that they need to be relentless in their pursuit of West Ham captain Declan Rice. The Gunners are plotting a bid for the playmaker in the summer, though several other sides are also waiting in the wings to make their move. The Gunners were beaten 3-1 by City on Wednesday night, allowing Pep Guardiola’s side to return to the top of the table for the first time since November. Kevin De Bruyne, Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland were all on the scoresheet for the Sky Blues, with Bukayo Saka scoring from the penalty spot for Arsenal. The north Londoners will feel that the scoreline does not represent their overall performance, as they dominated extended periods of the game but failed to craft many meaningful opportunities – with the absence of Gabriel Jesus potentially proving costly. But Parlous believes that Partey being missing in midfield was the ‘big miss’ on the night, with January signing Jorginho slotting in for him. Speaking to NetBet, he said: “The shock around the stadium when they heard Partey wasn’t going to play… Everybody was gutted that he wasn’t going to be playing as that’s how important he is. But you’ve just got to deal with it, Man City will miss big players during the season as well. You’ve got to have a squad that can deal with injuries and suspensions as it always happens throughout the season. READ MORE: Wrexham owner Ryan Reynolds considering major investment in new team “Without Partey, Arsenal’s central midfield depth isn’t quite good enough. If Arsenal could bring in Declan Rice in the summer he’d be a fantastic signing. A young player that’s very energetic and can get forward as well, he’d be perfect for Arsenal. “West Ham fans know he’ll be leaving sooner rather than later but it just depends on where he’s going. The big thing for me is if he wants to stay in London, and some people do – Sol Campbell was like that which is why he came to Arsenal.” DON'T MISS Martin Odegaard and Jack Grealish in disagreement after Arsenal vs Man City clash Man Utd hatch Mason Greenwood plan involving 'groups from the men's and women's squads' Italy legend Marco Materazzi gave Mario Balotelli ‘a good beating’ under Mourinho's reign  Chelsea and Manchester United are both long-term admirers of Rice but never truly looked like securing the 24-year-old’s signature, with Manchester City also previously holding an interest in him. However, Parlour does not believe that any of those sides would be able to acquire him – particularly if the midfielder is not interested in relocating. He continued: “Rice isn’t going to go to Chelsea as they’ve just bought Enzo Fernandez and spent a lot on him. Spurs wouldn’t want to put that much money down on a player. "If Rice does want to stay in London, Arsenal is the only real place for him to go and I’d think they’d be favourites to get him. He’s a great age, he’s a captain so he’s learning his leadership skills. He’d be a magnificent signing.”