Prince William has said he is committed to following in Princess Diana's footsteps by taking his children to visit homeless shelters. As a young boy, his mother took him and Harry to shelters hoping to instil a lifelong passion for charitable work.  Prince William made the promise to continue this work with his own children when he visited The Passage, a homeless charity in London. The Prince of Wales met Sister Joan, who rememberered his late mother visiting the charity in the early 1990s. At the end of his visit, William stood and spoke to Sister Joan. The 40-year-old and his brother, Prince Harry, were both with their mother during the visit. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out' of Coronation as Sussexes 'still licking wounds' William paid the visit to The Passage earlier this week, and was in attendance to officially open two refurbished accommodation centres run by the charity. During his visit, William said he was more "determined than ever" to a role in stopping the "human tragedy" that is homelessness. Diana hoped to instill a passion for the homeless community in her two sons, actively hoping to broaden their horizons. The late Princess, along with William and Harry, visited the charity in 1993. It is thought she met Sister Joan during this visit. READ MORE: Meghan and Kate pitted against each other in latest South Park shot at Sussexes Speaking about the late Princess, Sister Joan said that Diana was "beautiful and gentle". The 90-year-old described Diana as an "ordinary person with no airs and graces", adding she could "relate to anybody". Speaking of Prince William, who is first in line to the throne, Sister Joan said: "He said he would bring his children one day to see us." DON'T MISS Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home [LATEST]Harry and William compared to feuding Oasis brothers by Boy George [REVEAL]Harry won't have liked being accused of 'boasting' of Taliban kills [INSIGHT] William has three children with his wife, Kate, the Princess of Wales. The couple have two sons, nine-year-old Prince George and four-year-old Prince Louis. They also have a daughter, Princess Charlotte, who is seven. The family-of-five live in Windsor, after moving there from central London last year. 