Tyson Fury wants to see his brother Tommy stick to influencer boxing after his split decision victory over Jake Paul last night in Saudi Arabia. The Gypsy King is keen for Tommy to rematch Jake and then go after his brother Logan in his next two fights rather than returning to professional boxing undercards. Tyson was over the moon for his younger brother and praised his ‘fantastic performance’. Besides a few patchy moments, most notably the eighth round which saw him touch down on the canvas, Tommy remained in relative control throughout. Measuring range with his jab, TNT smothered Paul’s shots on the inside with effective clinch work in a fight that saw more wrestling than boxing. Tommy was understandably euphoric after the win given their messy history and coined the fight as ‘his moment’. Meanwhile, Tyson was just as pleased. “He did a fantastic job. The world media, the world’s biggest stars, came to see it. It was fantastic, “said the WBC heavyweight champion. “I expected Tommy to knock him out, to be quite honestly quite comfortably, but Jake was better than I thought he’d be, so fair play to Jake Paul. I’m very happy. You can’t get knockouts all the time. “I’m 33 and 0 with 22 knockouts. So, you don’t get a knockout every time, but it’s a learning experience. Jake Paul was a very worthy opponent and he had to come through some obstacles like falling over in round eight and getting up and fighting on. So, it was a good performance from Tommy.” When asked whether Tommy will continue down the traditional boxing route following the proposed rematch with Paul, Tyson replied: “Nah, he’ll be headlining now forever. I’d like to see him fight a rematch with Jake Paul and fight Logan, his brother.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul heavily booed after sharing excuses for Fury loss in Saudi Arabia Fury vs Paul scorecards in full as Brit wins Saudi grudge match Jack overcomes the odds with last gasp flurry to stop Makabu Paul is now expected to activate the rematch clause in their contract which had been agreed upon in the event that Tommy won the contest. Speaking during the post-fight press conference, Paul said: “I’m gonna go back for this rematch, I just talked to Tommy in the medical room and he’s like let’s go, let’s do it again. He’s down for it, so I think that’ll be the focus first and foremost. I’m going to prove I can go and fight a better fight than I did tonight and get that W.”