A 24-year-old cabin crew worker suddenly died after a plane touched down at Stansted Airport, an inquest has heard. Greta Dyrmishi abruptly passed out while en route from the Albanian city of Tirana, Essex Coroners Court was told on Wednesday. Despite first responders giving first aid and providing CPR, she tragically died. Michelle Brown, the area coroner for Essex, revealed on Wednesday that Ms Dyrmishi died due to Sudden Adult Death Syndrome (SADS). SADS, also known as sudden arrhythmic death syndrome is "when someone dies suddenly and unexpectedly from a cardiac arrest, but the cause of the cardiac arrest can't be found", according to the British Heart Foundation. The East of England Ambulance Service Trust said that two ambulances, a hazardous area response team vehicle, an ambulance officer vehicle, and Essex and Herts Air Ambulance rushed after reports of a woman being critically ill.  The coroner said Ms Dyrmishi's death would be subject to a full documentary inquest. Coroner Brown said: "This 24-year-old female was cabin crew on a flight from Albania and was on the tarmac when she appeared to faint and was given basic first aid. "Ten minutes later there was no pulse and CPR commenced. Paramedics treated her and confirmed she had passed away. "A post-mortem found her cause of death to be sudden adult death syndrome." READ MORE: Love Island star Tanya Manhenga 'rushed to medics' after incident She added: "[At the time of the incident], she was at the front by the doors on a plane at Stanstead Airport. This is suitable for a documentary inquest in due course." A statement issued by Air Albania says Greta had a heart attack after disembarking passengers from the flight to London on December 21. DON'T MISS:Pilot flew plane with dead instructor thinking he was 'just joking' [REPORT] Dan Walker 'can't sleep' after horror accident as he addresses debate [REPORT] Six children among 16 British holidaymakers injured in French Alps [REPORT] It said: "Even after all medical assistance was provided immediately, we still lost her. "She was taken to the hospital in London, and procedures are being followed. "From the first moments, Air Albania contacted her family, and we continue to be close to them in these difficult moments. "In respect to Greta and her family, we decided to share the news with the public at the appropriate time." READ NEXT:Dan Walker rushed to hospital after horror bike accidentMan killed in freak woodwork accident his family thought was prankBoy, 11, killed by flesh-eating bacteria after tiny treadmill accidentHeartache as baby drowns in shallow bath after toy blocks plugholeTrain carrying hazardous chemicals derails in Michigan