Clashes between anti-immigration protesters and police have erupted outside Cornwall's Beresford Hotel, which houses 200 asylum seekers. One protester was spotted trying to cross the road but a police officer stopped him. On the other side of the road, counter-protesters from Cornwall Resists are outside the hotel facing off against two anti-migrant groups who have turned violent against the police. Hundreds of people are reportedly on opposite sides of the road as tensions soar in Cornwall. Supporters of the asylum seekers are outnumbering protesters against them being housed in a hotel in Cornwall, with about 300 to 100, according to Cornwall Live. Dozens of police officers present at the scene have had to stop anti-migrant protesters from crossing the road. The pro-migrant group was seen holding signs reading: "Compassion and care. Not fascism and fear" and "refugees welcome" while the anti-migrant group held signs reading: "Illegal immigrants are criminals" and "You are anti-white racists." READ MORE:  Anti-migrant protesters clash with police by hotel housing refugees A group of 200 refugees were temporarily placed in the hotel by the Home Office last November but has since remained there. Cornwall Council had previously urged people not to attend the planned protests, calling on the public to show "warmth and tolerance" to those staying in the hotel: "The planned protests are not welcome and we call upon everyone to consider the circumstances of the individuals residing there. We encourage people not to attend the protests. Devon and Cornwall Police had previously issued a similar statement: "We are aware of a planned protest due to take place on Saturday 25 February in Newquay. "We are seeking to engage with the protest organisers. Police will facilitate peaceful protest and use relevant legislation to keep communities safe." DON'T MISS:Lawyer fumes over 'offensive' Shamima Begum decision [REPORT] UK hospital recruits more than 100 nurses from India to staff wards [REPORT] Far-right protests at migrant hotels in UK more than double in a year [REPORT] The latest protests follow a string of similar violent actions aimed at hotels housing asylum seekers across the country. According to data collected by the anti-fascist and anti-racism group Hope Not Hate, hard-right activists made 253 visits to hotels where asylum seekers were living over the course of last year. A series of similar cases have been reported this year, including one outside a migrant hotel in Knowsley where a far-right demonstration took place. 13 men and two women were arrested, local police said. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @Daily_Express