The Fawlty Towers icon will be hosting his own show on GB News and the actor has praised the platform for promoting free speech. Teasing his show ahead of its launch, John Cleese warned people should prepare to be "shocked".  Since GB News launched back in June 2021, the channel has gained a roster of popular and well-known celebrity presenters. Presenters include Eamonn Holmes, Isabel Webster, Dan Wootton, former MP Nigel Farage and Mark Dolan. Now, actor John will be joining the list of stars with their own show on the channel with the 84-year-old praising the platform for promoting free speech. Teasing what viewers can expect in a clip with a toy tiger on his shoulder, John said: "Hello. I used to be John Cleese and I’m going to be doing some shows for GB News for two reasons. READ MORE:Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series    “One, they want me to. And two, they want programming for viewers who are completely out of touch. “A much-neglected demographic, so stay out of touch with me.” John has vowed no one will be cancelled on his show and no topic will be too controversial for discussion. He previously said of his show: “There’s a massive amount of important information that gets censored, both in TV and in the press.     “In my new show, I’ll be talking about a lot of it. You should be prepared to be shocked.” Although two of John’s most popular shows are homed on the BBC, the actor has regularly criticised the broadcaster for being too woke and censoring debate. John joked he wouldn’t get five minutes into a show on the platform before being censored or cancelled. His teaser for his new show comes after he confirmed he's working on a reboot of Fawlty Towers. DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice’s Joey Essex ‘terrified’ after fall on the ice [INSIGHT] Loose Women outrage as star says Shamima Begum wouldn't be a 'threat' [REACTION] Coronation Street’s Zeedan makes decision on his future on the cobbles [SOAP]    The series is expected to make a return 40 years after its last episode aired. With John coming back for the reboot, along with his daughter Camilla, the new series is set to explore how his character Basil Fawlty navigates the modern world. He’s also expected to meet his long-lost daughter and open a posh new hotel, however, there has been some concerns over its return with the original humour seen in the show being controversial. In light of some of the jokes in the show being deemed offensive, the BBC-owned streaming service UKTV removed an episode of Fawlty Towers titled The Germans.   Taking to Twitter to blast the decision at the time, John said: “The BBC is now run by a mixture of marketing people and petty bureaucrats. “It used to have a large sprinkling of people who'd actually made programmes. Not anymore. "So BBC decisions are made by persons whose main concern is not losing their jobs... That's why they're so cowardly and gutless and contemptible. I rest my case." John Cleese’s GB News show is expected to air later this year. 