Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is reportedly keen to buy Strasbourg and has even met with the French club’s president Marc Keller as he attempts to adopt a multi-club policy. Boehly completed his takeover of the Blues at the end of last May after Roman Abramovich put the club up for sale when he was sanctioned in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. According to L’Equipe, Boehly and his partners are interested in buying a 100 per cent stake in Strasbourg. The club are currently plying their trade in the top division of French football and are 15th in the table after winning four of their 24 matches this season. Last September, there were reports that Boehly wanted to explore the possibility of buying a club in Brazil after being turned down by Santos. And in December, there was talk of opportunities to take over several French clubs, with Sochaux having previously rejected Boehly, according to reports. And it appears the American’s attentions have now turned to Strasbourg. JUST IN: Arsenal 'to hand Saka mega pay rise' as new contract almost agreed While owners are not allowed to own more than one club in England, there are no rules preventing them from snapping up outfits in difference countries across the world. UEFA have rules in place to stop clubs with the same owners coming up against each other in European competitions. But Boehly pointed at other multi-club models as he addressed the issue last year. “We've talked about having a multi-club model,” the 49-year-old said. “I would love to continue to build out the footprint. There's different countries where there are advantages to having a club. “Red Bull does a really good job at Leipzig and they've got Salzburg, both of which are playing in the Champions League - so they've figured out how to make that work. You have Man City which has a very big network of clubs.”  Chelsea have a whole host of young stars who have been sent out on loan to other clubs before they have been deemed ready to break into the Blues' first team. And Boehly admitted he doesn’t want coaches from other teams to be the ones influencing the Chelsea youngsters. “The challenge Chelsea has, when you have 18, 19, 20-year-old stars, you can loan them out to clubs but you hand their development to someone else. Our goal is to ensure we show pathways for our young stars to get on to the Chelsea pitch while getting them real game time. The way to do that is through another club in a really competitive league in Europe.” FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper./news/uk/1736226/william-hill-free-bet-Man-Utd-Newcastle 