Tottenham will make a move to sign Sevilla goalkeeper Yassine Bounou this summer, according to reports. Spurs are claimed to have shown initial interest in the 31-year-old in January following his successful World Cup. Bounou was one of Morocco's star men on their run to the semi-final stage in Qatar. He has since been nominated as one of three goalkeepers in contention to win The Best FIFA Men's goalkeeper award, alongside Emiliano Martinez and Thibaut Courtois. Spurs are potentially on the search for a long-term replacement for Hugo Lloris. Jordan Pickford, David Raya and Jan Oblak have been linked as potential targets for the north London club. Lloris has been widely criticised for his performances this season and has made more errors that have led to goals than any other keeper in the top flight. He turned 36 in December and his time at Spurs could potentially be coming towards an end. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m  Spanish outlet AS claims Tottenham hold an interest in Bounou. The report says Sevilla feared they could lose their No 1 in January when Spurs enquired about his price tag. The January window came to an end with Bounou still a Sevilla player. But just days later, Lloris suffered a knee injury which will keep him out for up to two months. Sevilla will be relieved the injury didn't occur earlier as Spurs may well have launched an official move for Bounou. AS claims an offer of more than £17.6million could have tempted the La Liga side. However, they may not be able to resist a sale in the summer. Spurs are set to return in June, while there is also set to be firm interest from other Premier League clubs. DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache  AS claims Sevilla would likely have to sell some players if they don't qualify for Europe this season. They currently sit 12th in La Liga, nine points off sixth spot which would get them into the Europa Conference League. Winning the Europa League could potentially be their best route into continental competition next term. Meanwhile, Fraser Forster is set for an extended run in the Spurs side in Lloris' absence. Former Premier League goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer believes the injury could be a blessing in disguise for Lloris. He said on Sky Sports: "Yes. In a nutshell, yes. "To be out for six to eight weeks might not be the best situation but in terms of being out of the spotlight now, is potentially a good thing."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here