Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. She rose to fame thanks to her top cleaning tips and tricks, which she has been sharing with fans for years. Now, fans have created Facebook pages in Mrs Hinch's honour to be able to share the best cleaning advice with one another. On one such page, with over 100,000 members, one cleaning enthusiast wanted to know how to remove mould from blinds. Jordan Fothergill wrote: "Can someone recommend any way I can get mould off blinds, I can’t wash them in the washing machine I’ve tried and they get ruined." The images shared to accompany the post showed white, vertical blinds with spots of mould all along the bottoms of them. READ MORE: Eliminate yellow stains from toilet seats with ‘magic’ household item  The post was inundated with comments in minutes as other Mrs Hinch fans recommended their best tips and tricks. Amanda Boom wrote: "I sprayed mine with Astonish mould spray, left them for 20 minutes then dipped them in warm water and left them to drip dry - came out like new." Wendy Wilson said: "I put mine in the bath with cold water and cheap bleach. Came up lovely." Ros Moorhouse commented: "I wash mine in the washing machine all the time. I take them down, take everything off them, put them in a washing bag, or fold carefully in pillow case and pin down. DON'T MISS:Stop condensation and mould with these eight ‘excellent’ houseplants [EXPERT]‘Most common’ houseplant myths to avoid ‘worse problems’ [COMMENT]Three ‘natural home remedies’ to ‘effectively’ get rid of bed bugs [TIPS] "Wash on quick wash, iron over and re hang - lot of work but look lovely when done." Leonie Tarn recommended: "Soak in the bath with vanish and scrub with a nail brush." Emma Bullement wrote: "Same happened to mine - I took them down, sprayed astonish mould spray on, left it 10 minutes and rinsed them. There back to normal and no discolouration either. Nice easy fix." Margaret Bunts advised: "Mould and mildew spray and use a magic sponge." Maureen Round agreed. "The lining of my curtains looked like that - I sprayed them with mould and mildew cleaner and was shocked the next day when it had disappeared." Diane Riches added: "HG spray mould and mildew." Urusula Durman recommended this product too, saying: "HG mould spray is amazing." Lindsay Williams said: "I just sprayed mine with mould and mildew spray with an old towel underneath, they came up like new." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Paula Cairns' advice was a little different. She said: "Soak them in the bath with dishwasher tablets. Just done mine and they look like the day I got them." Anne-Louise McCourt Fell wrote: "I laid the slats in the bath four at a time, wet them, sprayed with Astonish Mould and Mildew spray, left for 10 minutes, turned them over and sprayed again, left for another 10 minutes. "Keep repeating until totally clean, then rinse. I hung them back up and put old sweet tubs under them to catch the drips. "My weights and chains were an off-white colour which I never liked, so got new ones off Amazon. Has been a great job and saved a fortune. Good luck."