Manchester United are flying. The only team in English football still capable of winning all four trophies, Erik ten Hag's team are in the Carabao Cup final this weekend and are just five points off the summit of the Premier League table courtesy of a Marcus Rashford-inspired fine run of form. But can they go on and win the league for the first time since 2012-13? Express Sport's team have their say in the latest Big Debate... There is little doubt for me that, with Erik ten Hag's blueprint working perfectly and Marcus Rashford in devastating form, Manchester United will be competing with Arsenal and Manchester City for the title. I thought Casemiro's absence would derail their impressive run, but United have shown their resilience and are looking ominously strong. However, the lack of an elite striker may cost them, and I'm backing Arsenal to cling on until the end. MUST READ: Reason Ten Hag 'flunked final Tottenham interview' is now laughable Erik ten Hag certainly deserves the praise he is rightfully getting for turning United's fortunes around but that should not gloss over the fact that the Red Devils are not yet good enough to win this season's Premier League title. Arsenal and Manchester City have simply been too strong over the course of the campaign to date and there is little reason to believe they will fade away enough to allow United to mount a genuine challenge, even if Marcus Rashford continues to lead their charge with his blistering form in front of goal until the season ends. Are Manchester United in the title race? Yes. United are one of the most in-form teams in the world, with potentially the most in-form player in Marcus Rashford. A five-point gap to Arsenal with 14 games remaining is a small gap despite the Gunners’ game in hand, I would be wary of writing them off completely. Will they win the league? No. It would, however, take just an injury or a small dip in form from Rashford to derail any title bid so while they have a chance, Arsenal and Manchester City have to be considered favourites still. No, not yet... but it’s important to avoid down-playing Erik ten Hag’s job so far. To even be in the conversation with 14 games left after inheriting the worst United squad in Premier League history is a credit to his impressive impact. United’s frantic fixture schedule in four different competitions - also a credit to the same - makes it difficult to see this relentless winning form continue. As for the champions, it was a painful weekend for Man City, but I still back them to pip Arsenal to the post. Their experience will be vital, and decisive. My answer is no. Statistically, United have had the easiest schedule of any Premier League club since the World Cup break. They have played six home games and only four times away from Old Trafford, with only two of those 10 fixtures coming against teams in the top half. Having already played Arsenal and Man City twice each, United have no control over taking points from the top two. While Erik ten Hag has overseen an incredibly commendable improvement, United remain some time away from genuinely challenging for the Premier League.  United are absolutely in the title race. They’ve been in tremendous form, appear to be high on confidence and have the momentum to keep their fine run going. Crucially, they’re the team with the least pressure on their shoulders when it comes to claiming silverware. Yes, they’re under pressure to finish in the top four, but no one expected them to fight for the title after they had been embarrassed by Brentford in August. With Arsenal faltering and City having one eye on Champions League glory, United have the opportunity to take full advantage. Sadly for Red Devils fans, this season’s title will evade Ten Hag’s team though. While they’ve still got every chance to get their hands on the trophy for the first time in a decade, they’ve left themselves just a little too much to do. And City could be the ones to topple Arsenal come May to illustrate their dominance once again. The massive progress Manchester United have made this season is a testament to the quality of the manager they now have in the dugout. I have zero doubts whatsoever Erik ten Hag will win a Premier League title at United. Will it be this season? It would take a lot of good fortune - namely needing Man City and Arsenal to drop a lot of points, Marcus Rashford to remain fit and firing and the likes of Casemiro, Luke Shaw and Bruno Fernandes to avoid injury. They're firmly in the race but a fixture overload in the coming months, combined with their inferior squad depth compared to City and Arsenal, surely means any domestic glory will come in the Carabao Cup and/or FA Cup, rather than the league. At least this season, anyway.