Manchester United star Harry Maguire has insisted he has no mixed emotions about lifting the Carabao Cup trophy with Bruno Fernandes on Sunday. The Red Devils duo shared the honour at Wembley after goals from Casemiro and Marcus Rashford had put Newcastle to the sword. Now, the mission is to sustain success - something the club failed to do when they last won the competition back in 2017. Maguire has been United captain ever since January 2020. But Fernandes has worn the armband throughout the majority of the season so far, with the Portugal international becoming a key player for Erik ten Hag. Both men lifted the Carabao Cup on Sunday at Wembley after United cruised to victory over Newcastle. Yet Maguire has insisted he has no issues with sharing the responsibility, saying: “No, I don’t have any mixed emotions. “It’s been so long since the club won a trophy, it’s a really good day for the club and the fans. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “I'm club captain and my main job is to move this club forward and to bring success back to the club and today has been part of it. “Obviously, listen, I am a footballer who wants to play games and I want to lead the boys out of the tunnel at the start of the game. “But I also understand this is part and parcel of football when you play at the top level and you've got huge competition for places. “It’s a really good day for the club and for me and a proud day for my family who were in the stands and saw me lift my first trophy for Manchester United.” Maguire also hailed Erik ten Hag for his work at Old Trafford so far, believing the Dutchman has laid the foundations for the club to achieve more success in the future. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes “We're all pulling in the same direction, we all want the same thing, we've got a good squad, good competition for places and the manager’s made a big impact on the style of play and in the demands he brings,” said the defender. “When I first came to this club it felt like we'd turned a corner, then we had a bad season and things changed again. “But the belief in the squad, the players and the staff is the reason why we're moving forward. The mood is really good. “The lads get on really well and are a really tight bunch. “The lads who aren’t playing, myself included, are working hard and pushing those who are playing to perform well and they are. That's what a big club’s about.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Maguire has, though, now admitted that he wants to be playing regularly. And the defender has suggested that if things don’t change, he could look for a move away. “I'm a footballer who wants to play games and I also want to contribute to the team,” said Maguire. “I'm the club captain and I have a big responsibility on and off the pitch so it was nice to get ion and help the lads. “The manager has been asked numerous times about my role in interviews and he tells me honestly that he believes in me, but this is football. “The lads who are playing and starting, Raphael is playing really well and we've seen the manager's ideas, what he wants, and he does like a left-footed centre-back playing. “So it’s high competition for places, but this is Manchester United. We want to win trophies, big trophies, and to do that you need competition. “The manager speaks to me daily, he really respects me and believes that I'm a top centre-half with all the attributes to play in his team. “But also he understands that the players who are playing – and I understand that the players who are playing – are playing very well.”