Some major CBS shows will be taking a break this week, and fans won’t be able to check in with some of their favourite characters until nearer the end of February. Among them is the sixth season of the hit drama SWAT, with Daniel ‘Hondo’ Harrelson (played by Shemar Moore) and his team set to return for the 14th episode of the season in just under two weeks’ time. SWAT season six has been pushed back a week with the next episode, Gut Punch, set to air on Friday, February 24. This is already the second hiatus the show has taken this year, as season six also took a break between January and early February. Details for the next episode are being kept under wraps, but a short promo has given fans some idea of what to expect in a fortnight. The trailer begins with the revelation that a powerful and deadly ‘mystery drug’ has hit the streets of Los Angeles. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity Members of the team leap into action and are seen investigating a crate of shampoo bottles stashed with the powder. Voiceover confirms “people are dying” as footage is shown of a man convulsing on the floor with the SWAT team around him. Harrelson tells his team “we’re running out of time”, so the episode will be a race against the clock to stamp out the new substance. However, with almost two weeks still to go before the episode airs, it will be a long wait for viewers to find out if the next mission ends in success. Popularity for the show has been steadily increasing, so millions of fans in the US are desperate to find out what’s next for Harrelson and his unit after last week’s instalment. In Lion's Share, the team raced after a rampaging gunman with a personal connection to Robert Hicks (Patrick St. Esprit). Meanwhile, David ‘Deacon’ Kay (Jay Harrington) is caught off guard when his wife Annie (Bre Blair) makes an unexpected parenting decision. Other CBS shows such as Blue Bloods and NCIS Los Angeles have also been pulled from the schedule over the last week DON'T MISS:The Last of Us cast pay tribute to star after teaching sign language [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods’ Erin Reagan set for romance [THEORY]1923’s Harrison Ford ‘excited’ to return for season 2 [INTERVIEW] Moreover, the cop drama and CBS newcomer Fire Country will also be taking a break from their usual Friday night spot when SWAT returns. Thankfully, once March rolls around, the network will return to its regular schedule and there’ll be a chance to tune into all three shows in the same evening again. As for what the future of SWAT holds, Harrelson is still preparing for fatherhood with his girlfriend, Nichelle (Rochelle Aytes). This new chapter will undoubtedly present plenty of challenges for the SWAT leader, the likes of which he’s never faced out in the field before. It’s unclear when exactly Nichelle will have her baby, but fans should expect a new member of the family by the end of this season or the beginning of the next. Although CBS has yet to confirm the show’s continuation, a seventh instalment is looking more and more likely each week as new episodes have drawn in well over five millions viewers. TV Line reported the latest episode reached 5.62 million viewers, so the series should be well on its way to a renewal over the next few weeks. SWAT season 6 returns Friday, February 24 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.