Owen Hargreaves believes Sir Alex Ferguson would have loved to have managed Casemiro at Manchester United. The Brazil international has been in fine form this season, silencing his critics with some storming performances in the middle of the park. And he’s likely to play a big role on Thursday night when the Red Devils do battle with Barcelona in the Europa League. Manchester United signed Casemiro back in the summer after missing out on Frenkie de Jong, who had been their priority transfer target. And the Brazil international has impressed in the time since, establishing himself as a key player at Old Trafford. Now, speaking ahead of United’s clash with Barcelona, Hargreaves has expressed a belief Ferguson would have loved to have managed the Samba star. Speaking to the club’s official website, he said: "The biggest difference he made is his first pass is forward. "He breaks up the play as good as anyone but if you watch him, his passing is always forward and that's what Scholesy did best. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “Sir Alex always said, in transition, play the ball forward if you can, didn't he Scholesy? I think that's the biggest difference.” When United signed Casemiro, some doubted whether he’d be able to live up to expectations. The Red Devils have landed some big players in previous years, such as Paul Pogba and Bastian Schweinsteiger, with neither living up to expectations. Yet Casemiro has proven to be a shrewd buy for the club. The midfielder was impressive last week as United drew 2-2 with Barcelona in the first leg of their Europa League tie. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And Bruno Fernandes, speaking to Rio Ferdinand, has hailed his team-mate for the impact he’s made at the club so far. "Obviously he [Casemiro] is a player that can find the passes and at the same time cover a lot of space in behind,” said the Portugal international. “He gives you the freedom to go higher and take more risks, to make runs into the box because you know you'll be covered by him. "But at the same time he's adding goals and assists being in the right positions, he has a great mentality, even if he doesn't speak English very well he can talk to people in a football way and help everyone. “He's been a really good part for us and improved our team. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "More than that he improved everyone who plays in that position because it makes you want to push yourself a little bit more and having Casemiro who has won many big trophies with Real Madrid makes you understand there's still a long way to go.” And Fernandes also singled out Lisandro Martinez for praise, too. The Argentina international experienced a tough start to life at the club, struggling in losses to Brighton and Brentford. But he’s been impressive ever since, winning plaudits in the process. And Fernandes, discussing Casemiro and Martinez, added: "His desire and passion is there as you see with Licha [Martinez]. “Rapha [Varane] is a little bit more calm but still a big voice in the dressing room. “He’s someone you can rely on but when he has to talk and do his part he does really well. “They’re a big part of how we've been improving because we have more leadership in the group, more people who are not afraid to tell people things when they have to because sometimes it can be seen in the wrong way. "Sometimes you need to shout at your team-mates because it's the way football is and to push them to be at their best version you need to do that.”