Conor McGregor has been accused of ‘chickening out’ of a fight with former UFC lightweight champion Charles Oliviera. The Brazilian MMA icon has been calling out Notorious over the last few years but hasn’t received a response. Despite not winning a fight since January 2020, McGregor remains the biggest star in the sport and is a guaranteed payday for anyone that faces him. Ahead of the Irishman’s return to action, Brazilian MMA fighters Alex Pereira, Jose Aldo, Charles Oliveira and Rafael Dos Anjos came together to partake in a fan Q&A at UFC 283 in which McGregor’s name came up in regularity. McGregor will not be permitted to compete again inside the Octagon until he re-enrols in the USADA drugs testing programme and returns six months’ worth of clean samples, per the UFC’s rules. When and if he does Oliveira is keen to be the man to welcome him back but doesn’t hold out much hope of him accepting the challenge. “There are no fools here, everybody knows we want this fight because he’ll give us a lot of money, but I do think he’s a guy that needs to be hyped,” said Oliveira, who has been out of action since losing his 155lb title to Islam Makhachev in October. “I’ve asked for this fight plenty of times and he never says anything. I’ll be ready to fight him the day he wants, but I won’t call him out anymore.” “Conor picks his fights,” dos Anjos said of the former two-division champion. “Like Charles said, everybody wants this fight because it will be lucrative. He picks his fights. When he feels that’s the fight for him, he’ll choose it. We’ll be waiting but we’ll continue fighting in the meantime.” “McGregor chickened out a long time ago,” Oliveira added. “Like Rafael said, he handpicks his fights. I think he looks at the guy and thinks ‘I can beat this one,’ and then he signs the contract. He’s right not to fight me because he knows what will happen.” MORE UFC NEWS... Ngannou worry raised by UFC icon Buffer over Fury fight - EXCLUSIVE Paul has Perry on standby as concerns raised about Fury fight McGregor to reignite feud with Ferguson as rival teases TUF role  McGregor last fought in July 2021 in a losing effort against fierce rival Dustin Poirier. The 34-year-old broke his leg at the end of the first round and so was unable to continue with the bout. He has since undergone successful rehabilitation work and is back in full contact training with a view to making his highly-anticipated comeback.