Whether it is between the tiles of your shower or on your kitchen floor, grout can become susceptible to discolouration over time. This can come as a result of using chemical cleaners not suitable for grout, walking on tile in dirty shoes, or grout being sealed with the wrong type of sealer. In my case my kitchen tile grout had accumulated stains as a result of food spills and grease and grime build up. Baking soda is typically recommended for just about every cleaning task imaginable, from unblocking drains to descaling kettles. Some argue that it can even be more effective than your regular washing up liquid. While soap and baking soda are both basic, soap contains fat molecules that make it gentler, whereas baking soda is tough enough to handle the most stubborn stains in your home. When cleaning areas around my home I try to find natural methods first before opting for harsh chemicals, so when I heard that baking soda can be used on grout, I had to give it a go. Not only did I opt to use baking soda because it’s a natural cleaner, but it is only mildly abrasive and causes less damage than cleaning agents such as white vinegar and bleach. READ MORE: I removed stubborn stains from my hob using £1 spray without scrubbing For those who are using white vinegar to clean their grout, Olly Cavner, Operations Manager at Essential Living, warned that it should be used with caution. Due to its acidic nature, it can wear away at some tiles over time, so it’s recommended to only use white vinegar as a last resort. My kitchen tile grout used to be a pale grey colour, but as a result of the dirt being accumulated on it, the grout had turned to a dark grey, almost black shade. To begin cleaning the grout, I first had to make the baking soda paste. To do this, you essentially want a two to one ratio of baking soda to water. I added two quarter cups of baking soda and one quarter cup of water to a container. DON'T MISS‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ [EXPERT]Monty Don shares three plants that ‘should’ be pruned in now [TIPS]Heating specialist shares how to avoid £300 log burner fine [INSIGHT] To mix the two ingredients together I used an old toothbrush and kept mixing until a thick paste was formed. If the paste is too thick, more water can be added and if it is too runny more baking soda should be used. I used Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda which retails for £1 at Home Bargains, but can also be purchased from Ocado and Robert Dyas for £2.50. It’s worth noting that any baking soda can be used for this cleaning method. Supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda sell baking soda for only 65p. After the paste was made, I applied it using the old toothbrush to the grout making sure to not miss a spot in order to give this hack the best chance of working. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving Once the paste was applied to the grout, I left it for 10 minutes to sit on the surface. This was important as it gave the baking soda paste time to sink into the dirt and make it easier to remove. Ten minutes later I used the toothbrush to begin scrubbing the paste over the grout, but making sure not to scrub too harshly. As soon as I started to scrub I noticed that the white paste was turning grey, meaning that the baking soda was removing the dirt from the grout. After less than a minute of scrubbing, I could see that the stains were in fact lifting from the grout and it was being restored back to how it previously looked. The area took me less than five minutes to clean. I couldn’t believe how well the grout stains had lifted with baking soda. This will certainly be replacing my usual grout cleaning spray. After scrubbing the grout, I used a damp microfibre cloth to wipe away the dirt and the baking soda paste. For those with even more stubborn grout stains, they are advised to add hydrogen peroxide to the baking soda. Plus, it’s a great alternative to bleach. Similarly to baking soda, this powerful cleaning agent is often used for whitening and lightening. However, it’s also a great disinfectant, sanitiser, and deodoriser.