Oti Mabuse's ITV talk show is set to feature a "compelling combination" of celebrity guests and topical chats. The unnamed programme will air on ITV this spring, with the Dancing On Ice star hosting on Saturday mornings and Laura Whitmore presenting on Sunday mornings. Loose Women panellist Katie Piper will return for a second run of her own weekend show called Katie Piper's Breakfast Show, ITV has also confirmed. Katie Rawcliffe, ITV's head of entertainment commissioning, said the three women were "dynamic, engaging broadcasters who bring energy and flair to our weekend schedules". "Each of their shows will give viewers that perfect weekend wake-up call," she added. Executive producer Amanda Ross added: "We are looking forward to a summer of fun with these three wonderful women driving weekend mornings. READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah "Their very different personalities give each series a unique flavour, a treat for the viewers and the team!" Oti, 32, quit Strictly Come Dancing last year after seven years on the hit BBC series. She also worked on the German equivalent, Let's Dance as a professional dancer. Her sister Motsi Mabuse is still a judge on Strictly Come Dancing while Oti has been judging Dancing On Ice.  However, Oti will be discussing more than dancing when she hosts her own chat show on ITV in the coming months. Laura Whitmore was the host of Love Island for several seasons and her husband Iain Sterling still narrates the ITV2 show. The Irish broadcaster originally joined in 2020 as a replacement for the late Caroline Flack. Laura's replacement is Maya Jama who is currently presenting the winter series in South Africa. DON'T MISS...Dancing on Ice star shares message from 'fierce friend' Oti Mabuse [LATEST]Matt Tebbutt slammed by viewers for calling Oti Mabuse 'darling' [UPDATE]Dancing On Ice's Oti Mabuse talks year of ‘ups and downs’ with husband [INTERVIEW] The 37-year-old shared the news of her Love Island departure shortly after the 2022 summer series had ended. She said there were elements of the role she found “very difficult” in an Instagram post. “Some news!” Laura penned at the time. “I won’t be hosting the next series of Love Island. "There are certain elements of the show I’ve found very difficult that cannot be changed, some due to the format, including the flying back and forth to South Africa along with my new conflicting projects.  "I wish it was still possible but know you’ll be in safe hands." New host Maya, 28, has recently jetted back to South Africa for her next presenting gig for the hit reality television series. The star took to her Instagram story to document her flight back to South Africa. Love Island continues tonight on ITVX and ITV2 at 9pm. 