David Raya has admitted he has rejected two contract offers from Brentford amid interest from Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur. But the Spanish goalkeeper insists he's happy at the Bees as they push for European football this season. Raya has become recognised as one of the Premier League's best goalkeepers since Brentford's promotion in 2021. He has kept eight league clean sheets this season and produced a save showreel any stopper would be envious of. The 27-year-old's form has helped Brentford sit seventh, seven points outside the top four after 21 games. But it has simultaneously sparked heavyweight interest in his services, with Chelsea, United and Tottenham reportedly circling ahead of the summer. Raya has brushed off talk of his future for now, though, maintaining his full focus on what could be a historic season at Brentford. He said: "I don't think it's the right time to sign a contract at the moment. I'm really, really happy and right now, I'm just thinking about doing the best for the team and trying to push for Europe." JUST IN: Man City dressing room's reaction to Premier League charges  Raya's current Brentford deal expires at the end of next season, and the club have attempted to tie him down to an extension. However, he has confirmed that he snubbed contract offers last year and most recently in January as he weighs up his future options. "I was offered a new contract last year and one in January, but we didn't reach an agreement," Raya explained. "For now, a new contract is secondary. The most important thing is the team and the games. We'll see where we are in May. DON'T MISS Pep Guardiola sends ominous warning to Premier League rivalsPep Guardiola hits back at Man City being 'already sentenced'Tottenham 'line up Fabio Paratici replacement' as lengthy ban looms "You never know what's around the corner. There's nothing I can say about what's going to happen in the summer. I don't even know what's going to happen on Saturday." Raya has made 144 appearances for Brentford since joining from Blackburn Rovers in 2019. His shot-stopping and ball-playing ability have caught the eye of fans and rival clubs alike, potentially leaving the west London club with the arduous task of keeping him this summer. But all eyes are currently on the pitch, with a daunting trip to league leaders Arsenal on the agenda this weekend. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here