Two days before she died, Lisa Marie Presley witnessed Austin Butler win the Best Drama Actor Golden Globe. And just last night the Elvis Presley star also picked up the BAFTA. The Oscars take place on March 12 where Baz Luhrmann’s film has received eight nods, including Best Picture and Best Actor. Incredibly, before she died, Elvis’ daughter predicted that the star who she believes finally got her father right, will win the Oscar too. Back in May last year, she broke her social media silence having been mourning the death of her 27-year-old son Benjamin Keough for the best part of a year. The 54-year-old had a very special reason for doing so though, having finally watched Baz Luhrmann’s biopic and adored it, especially Butler’s portrayal. Lisa Marie wrote with months left to live: “Hello everyone, I haven’t posted in quite some time because there really isn’t much to say, as I am and will forever be mourning the loss of my son. Navigating through this hideous grief that absolutely destroyed and shattered my heart and my soul into almost nothing has swallowed me whole. Not much else aside from my other 3 children gets my time and attention anymore. “However, that being said, I do want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie “Elvis” twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite. Austin Butler channeled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully.” And then she spoke of the 2023 Academy Awards. Lisa Marie continued: “In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.) You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever. “What moved me to tears as well was watching Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced.” READ MORE: Austin Butler ate 'awful' amount of food to play Elvis Presley Lisa Marie added: “It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well. I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it too. Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances. Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way. Love you ~LMP.” Butler’s odds of winning the Best Actor Oscar have now shorted to 10-3, overtaking The Banshees of Inisherin’s Colin Farrell on 38-5. However, the favourite for the coveted gong firmly remains The Whale’s Brendan Fraser on 19-20.