Liam Smith’s promoter Ben Shalom claims that Chris Eubank Jr will be going ahead with his appeal to the British Boxing Board of Control about an alleged ‘illegal elbow’ landed by Smith in one of the final sequences of their fight. It was reported last week that Eubank Jr’s team were considering an appeal and it now appears they intend to lodge it. Eubank Jr was knocked out by Smith in the fourth round of their middleweight clash on January 21, much to the surprise of the British public. Next Gen had previously never touched the canvas in his professional career, let alone been stopped. The Brighton boxer put the loss down to a ‘once in a lifetime punch’ from his adversary but is now claiming the damage came from an elbow – an excuse Shalom is baffled by. “To be honest I think it’s ridiculous,” he told Sky Sports. “I think this is more coming from his team. I think they are looking for excuses as to why it happened. Liam Smith’s combination, when you watch it back, was enough to knock anyone out. “To use the elbow excuse, I think everyone can perhaps see through that. I hear that they’re going to be taking it further with the British Boxing Board. From what I’m hearing I think they will make an appeal. And then it will be up to the Board. I can’t see it succeeding.” Eubank Jr will have an opportunity to run back the fight with a rematch clause signed into the Smith contract. Shalom expects this will be triggered over the coming days with Anfield among the potential venues for the second fight. “We’re hearing all indications that they are going to trigger,” he added. “We know Chris really wants to fight again. His pride is hurt, he definitely wants a rematch from what I hear and ultimately Liam wants the biggest names and the big nights. “[Smith] wants Golovkin. It’s in Eubank’s hands and we can’t really look past that until the time has elapsed and we expect him to want to rematch. I can’t see a better option for Eubank Jr right now. We’ll expect it formally in writing from Wasserman. “If we can make sure the event takes place near enough to the last game of the season which I think is on the weekend of [May] 21, then there is a possibility. If we were able to get Anfield it would be the end of May.”