The talking is over between Jake Paul and Tommy Fury as they knuckle down for the final two weeks of their camp. Both men will finally settle the score on February 26 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. The pair have had two dates fall through already, but it appears they will finally get to lay their hands on each other at the third time of asking. For the most part, Paul has had to carry a lot of the pre-fight promotion with Tommy refusing to attend their launch press conference in Saudi Arabia and their face-to-face interview in London. However, The Problem Child has little left to say as their fight date nears and delivered one final straight-to-the-point warning to his fierce rival. “No. Nothing to say anymore,” said Paul when asked if he had a message for the Brit. “He’s going to die.” For Tommy, the pressure is certainly mounting. As a member of the Fury dynasty, he is fighting for the honour of his family name and could lose it if he is unable to beat Paul on fight night. That is according to big brother Tyson Fury who threatened to change Tommy’s name and retire him from boxing if he is unable to get his hand raised. "I think the fight needs to happen, Tommy and Jake Paul will get the fight done," Fury told Boxing Social. "And if Tommy can't splatter Jake Paul I'll retire him from boxing myself. He doesn't need to be a boxer and if he can't beat Jake Paul, forget about boxing because he's got ambitions of being a world champion, never mind beating some YouTube guy. "But it's a great fight for the social media world and it's a great fight for all the kids and all the young girls who support them both. It's a great fight to watch, it's a spectacle and if Tommy has got any ambitions of being a world champion, his name's Fury. “If he can't beat Jake Paul, I'll have to change his name. How about that? Do you agree with that Tommy? If you can't beat him your name's getting changed!" And Paul believes this pressure will break TNT. "I feel like he's distracted,” he told Queensbury Promotions. “Now he's fighting for his family, for his kid's food. His own family saying they're gonna disown him. This is his first main event, first time fighting somebody real who's not just put there to lose. I think the kid's gonna, just gonna break." 