EastEnders fans have been driven into a frenzy after Queen Vic landlady Linda Carter (played by Kellie Bright) made a mystery phone call in Wednesday night’s episode. Following the death of Mick Carter (Danny Dyer), his widow Janine (Charlie Brooks) is selling his fifty percent of the famous pub. In recent weeks viewers have seen Linda’s best friend Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) trying to raise the money to purchase it.  This week a new potential buyer was thrown into the mix as Nish Panesar (Navin Chowdry) threw his name into the hat. However, it appears that, unbeknownst to either Sharon or Nish, Linda has also been in talks with someone else about the purchase. On Wednesday evening, she was seen making a secretive phone call trying to encourage the person at the other end of the line to buy the famous Walford drinking hole. As soon as the scene aired, fans of the show went wild speculating as to the identity of the person on the phone. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Twitter user the @realseanslater threw out several guesses on the popular social media site writing: “So who's linda (sic) on the phone to? "Her mum elaine? Max branning? Someone completely different? I would be happy with either #EastEnders.” @griannedoherty3 was shocked by the turn of events saying: “OMG so Linda actually plotting on totally ditching both Nish/Suki & Sharon but just who was she actually speaking to exactly? “Gotta be Shirley, no? Especially after Patrick's comment "Someone you trust" if not her total BFF who better than family right? #Eastenders .” Meanwhile, @Pagecrawler had an interesting theory that Linda was talking to her daughter. She wrote: “I wonder if it could be Nancy that Linda was ringing? Imagine what bringing Nancy back will do to the Zack and Whitney story? #Eastenders.” Surprisingly, although his character is hugely popular and grew very close to Linda in the past few months @JLM2430 would not be happy to see Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) ruling the roost in the popular pub. “I hope Linda isn’t speaking to Alfie on the phone definitely don’t want to see him permanently back behind the bar. Would be good for Linda to be partners with a woman maybe she was talking to her mum? Sharon would probably take over? Not sure Suki is right for pub? #Eastenders,” they said. DON'T MISSKate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [VIDEO]Coronation Street exit for Max Turner as fans spot worrying clue [REACTION]Eastenders fans 'work out' Max Branning return after Linda clue [TWITTER] Indeed Linda’s mum, Elaine Peacock (Maria Friedman) was a popular guess. User @TheMoxilla queried: “Was Linda on the phone w (sic) her Mom? #EastEnders.” Meanwhile @hayleyemedwards wrote: “Bring back Elaine to run the Vic. Linda needs her mum! #eastenders.” Of course the one thing everyone wants to know is if the buyer is linked to the upcoming murder, with @mikepriestley13 writing: “Who was Linda on the phone to in the vic?(sic) It obviously wasn’t Sharon as she was in the vic.. (sic) is that a clue to the death? #EastEnders.”  Monday night’s ground-breaking episode teased the murder of a major male character this coming Christmas. It ended with a flash-forward to an opulently decorated Queen Vic in Christmas 2023. Six of the Square’s matriarchs; Sharon, Linda, Denise Branning (Diane Parish), Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) were standing over a dead body. EastEnders fans will have to wait until Christmas Day 2023 to find out the identity of the victim, who the murderer was and how it all went down. EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One