A customer has been branded "heartless" after stepping over a Deliveroo driver who had collapsed on the street while bringing their food to them. The driver, who has only been identified as Mohamed, was trying to complete a delivery on his bicycle last night to a luxury flat building but didn't make it inside after collapsing on the street. Heroic bystanders tried to keep him warm as Mohamed went in and out of consciousness. However, while waiting for an ambulance for Mohamed, the customer who had been waiting for their delivery came outside to look for it, the Mirror reports. A separate delivery driver who was there handed the food over before the customers tried to ask Mohamed questions about their order. James Farrar, the general secretary of the App Drivers and Couriers Union, happened to be walking by as Mohamed collapsed. Mr Farrar said he intervened when the customers started asking barely conscious Mohamed questions.  He told the Mirror: "People came down to enquire about their food and he had the app open on his phone. "Another delivery driver came by and he took the app and it was just pinging for this delivery. "He swiped it was delivered for Mohamed and gave the people their food. "And they wanted to have a conversation about what might have been missing and I said 'are you joking? do you have no humanity?' And they were like 'oh ok' and stepped over him and went upstairs with their food." READ MORE: Real-life Jaws caught after 13ft monster mauled dad to death  Mr Farrar says he's in contact with Mohamed's family and says he remains seriously ill in the hospital. He said last night's events outside Meranti House in East London, where flats sell for nearly £1million, showed a "bleak London". He also said that when he tried to contact Deliveroo himself he was given a chatbot to speak to and then sent a feedback survey. A Deliveroo spokesperson said they had been in contact with the rider to offer support. DON'T MISS:Princess Charlotte and Lady Louise to have very similar royal futures [INSIGHT]Exiled Russian politician pleads with countrymen to 'wake up' [COMMENT]Meghan portrayed as 'callous and superficial' in cartoon [PICTURES]  Speaking today, Mr Farrar said: "It's a level of dissonance that is quite bizarre. "The reflection I have was it was just a brutal reality of exploitation of these fast delivery services. "This technology works lovely but the worker has become dehumanised and I think the consumer has become dehumanised too. "Workers are because they are part of the delivery machine, they are a unit of production, they don't have a human relationship with them. "They don't see them as employees because they are not psychologically set up to accept them as human and they have a responsibility for them." 