Manchester United Women have reportedly made their feelings clear regarding the potential return of Mason Greenwood to the club. The England international saw all charges against him dropped by prosecutors earlier this month and there is an ongoing internal investigation before United make a decision on the 21-year-old’s future at Old Trafford. He has not played for United since his initial arrest in January 2022 and the club are conducting an internal investigation to determine the “next steps” for his future at the club. There have been rumours that Greenwood is considering a move to China if he is sacked by United, having been suspended in January 2022 shortly after his arrest. There has been expressed concern from fans over the idea that the forward could don the shirt at Old Trafford once again, including the club’s own women’s team. A report from The Athletic has claimed that within the dressing room of Manchester United Women, some players are deeply uncomfortable with the idea of Greenwood returning to the club. United Women’s Supporters’ Club founder Natalie Burrell echoed their sentiments. “I don’t think he should play again for Manchester United," she said. "It’s one of the biggest clubs in the world. They need to make a statement and letting him back would be the worst thing they could do. "It would set our club back in terms of what we’re trying to do with our women’s team and campaigns like Her Game Too which are trying to encourage women to play and watch football. “I definitely don’t want him back and I’m confident they won’t, whether that’s through selling him in the summer I don’t know. People just think they’re going to write it [Greenwood's United contract until 2025] off and maybe they will — that would be a real statement – but I’d be surprised. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit "If they just sold him it’d be a good statement too. I just don’t want to see him training. I don’t want to see him in a (United) kit. I don’t want to see him ever coming out at Old Trafford again.” After the Crown Prosecution Service announced that all charges had been dropped against Greenwood, United released a statement outlining their next move. “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped,” the statement read. “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.”