 The polling shows the Liberal Democrats down a percentage point at nine percent, Reform UK remaining at six percent and the Greens staying at five percent. Redfield Wilton's voting intentions polling finds Labour leading by 21 percentage points, five less than one week ago. When those who say they do not know how they would vote in a General Election are included, Labour leads by 19 percent. After weighting by likelihood to vote, 14 percent of those sampled say they do not know how they would vote. This includes 16 percent of those who voted Conservative in December 2019 and five percent of those who voted Labour.  Meanwhile, 87 percent of those who voted for Labour in the last General Election say they would vote for the party again. This compares to 54 percent of those who voted Conservative in 2019 saying they would vote Tory next time around. Redfield Wilton's poll shows respondents citing the economy, immigration, education and tax as the most important issues which would determine how they voted in the next election. It also reveals most of those polled believe Labour will form a majority government if a General Election were to take place in the next six months. This compares to 17 percent who say it would lead to a Conservative majority. READ ABOUT NICOLA BULLEY DETECTIVES TAKING NINE DAYS TO CALL A WITNESS   Today's polling results may come as some relief to the Tories as it shows the party beginning to claw its way back from the brink. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak outlined five key pledges in a New Year speech in which he promised to halve inflation, to grow the UK's sluggish economy, to bring down the national debt, to cut NHS waiting lists and clamp down on illegal migration. Mr Sunak also faces pressure from within his own party with calls from some for the return of former Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the re-emergence of Liz Truss, who the PM replaced last year. Conservative Party chairman Greg Hands has said he is focused on building a platform for a General Election next year. Allies of the Prime Minister have insisted no date has been fixed. Voters may not get to cast their ballots until as late as 2025. Mr Hands also admitted in an interview with GB News last week that the Tories face a "difficult" set of local polls in May.  DON'T MISS: Private Nicola Bulley search begins into 'burial sites' near river [REVEALED] Earthquake off UK coast as 3.7 magnitude tremor hits North Sea [REPORT] UFO 'interfered with sensors' on jets before being shot down [LATEST]   In response to Mr Hands' suggestion that an election would be held in 18 months, the Prime Minister's press secretary said it was not a "fair characterisation" to claim that meant the election would be in August 2024. Mr Sunak's aide added he was not "definitively saying" when the next election would be. Yesterday’s poll finds 28 percent approving of his overall job performance (+4) against 44 percent who disapprove. The Government’s net competency rating stands at -32 percent this week, up six points from last Sunday.  By contrast, Sir Keir's net approval rating stands at +9 percent, up three points from last week. Thirty-seven percent approve of his job performance (+3), while 28 percent disapprove. Meanwhile, Mr Sunak today stood firm over BBC chairman Richard Sharp after a highly critical report by MPs into his appointment added to calls for him to stand down. Downing Street said Mr Sharp retains the support of the Prime Minister after MPs found the chairman made "significant errors of judgment" by acting as a go-between for a loan guarantee for Mr Johnson. Mr Sharp is facing calls to quit, with the cross-party committee highly critical that Mr Sharp failed to declare to MPs his role in facilitating the arrangement when he was applying for the job of BBC chairman and said he should "consider the impact his omissions will have" on trust in the broadcaster.  The Prime Minister said he would await the outcome of an inquiry ordered by the Commissioner for Public Appointments, even as Labour and the SNP argued Mr Sharp's position is untenable. A meeting of the BBC board is reportedly taking place on Monday, with BBC News citing a source claiming no scheduled meetings were planned this month. Mr Sharp did not arrange the loan, but admitted introducing his friend Sam Blyth, a cousin of Mr Johnson who wanted to help the then-prime minister with his financial troubles, to the Cabinet Office. A spokesman for Mr Sharp has said he "regrets" not telling MPs about his involvement with Mr Blyth "and apologises".  The Prime Minister was pressed by broadcasters during a visit to Oldham today on whether he had confidence in Mr Sharp. "This relates to a process that happened before I was Prime Minister, obviously," he said. "It is currently being looked at by the independent office of public appointments and that process is ongoing so I can't speculate or pre-judge the outcome of that, but it is an independent process that is going to look at it and make sure that everything was followed correctly and all the rules and procedures were adhered to and obviously we will wait for that report." His official spokesman, asked by reporters if Mr Sunak had confidence in the BBC chairman, said that Downing Street was "confident" the appointment process was followed. 