Gemma Atkinson, 38, was overwhelmed with amazement when she discovered her obstetrician for baby number two was exactly the same woman who had delivered first child Mia three years earlier. Unable to comprehend the uncanny coincidence, she shared that, after being close to death during her last traumatic birth, she hadn't had an opportunity to thank her for successfully delivering her daughter. Now an ecstatic Gemma has redressed the balance, telling her in person how grateful she was for her assistance on that perilous day. She told her 1.8 million Instagram followers that she "literally could not believe it" when the obstetrician walked into the room. "It's so bizarre, I feel like it's come full circle," she exclaimed, visibly shaken as she added that the chance encounter was "unbelievable". "It was just wonderful I got to thank her, because at the time, with Mia, I was all over the place. I didn't know what was happening!" she recalled. READ NOW: EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours "I was just signing forms and going 'whatever', but she got Mia out safely and handed her to me and today I got to say thank you!" Meanwhile, it was revealed to her that she had been pregnant herself when she'd assisted Gemma. The shocked former Hollyoaks star exclaimed: "What?' I can't even walk up the stairs without falling [when pregnant] and you're doing that. Wonder woman! "It was just a really lovely moment today. I got quite emotional because I finally got to say thank you because in the madness of the moment, I didn't get to [before]," she added. As soon as she left her appointment in Bolton, she Facetimed partner Gorka Marquez, whom she met on Strictly Come Dancing and who is also the father of Mia. She was astonished to discover that he could remember her well, and "described her in detail". Gemma admitted that it had taken her a moment to recall the identity of the obstetrician, as "obviously when you're having an emergency C-section, the last thing you're thinking about is people's faces". However, the memory has now hit both her and Gorka - and they are looking forward to her help with their soon to be born son. DON'T MISS... Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [REVELATIONS] Louise Minchin gave up sport 30 years ago over changing bodyshape [INTERVIEW] Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford share rare snaps with son on birthday [PICTURES] Gemma also praised her calm and collected attitude, which had been reassuring for her when she was struggling with her previous birth. "Gorka said, cool as a cucumber, that she took him to one side and said, 'I know this looks like really bad chaos but I've done this thousands of times, it'll be fine, and in a couple of minutes time you'll meet your little girl'," she recounted. "Cool as anything, chilled as anything. Honestly, it's remarkable. surgeons, nurses, doctors, just bl***y remarkable." Gemma's comments follow on from news that she has hired a private midwife for pre and post-birth care, but intends to deliver the baby in an NHS hospital. She clarified that she fully supports the nurses' strikes, lamenting issues with the lack of pay. "I love our NHS but I know how stretched they are. With the strikes still happening, I felt uneasy at the thought of history repeating itself with my pregnancy and not enough staff to help," she mused, explaining why she'd chosen to go private for her midwife. She added on Instagram: "[Nurses] should absolutely be paid a hell of a lot more for what they do!" Gemma struggled with her first birth and subsequently "haemorrhaged" significant amounts of blood, so she remains grateful for having supportive and skilled staff to help at a time which could have been critical for both her life and the life of her baby.