Manchester United star Lisandro Martinez has opened up on a private dressing room chat that changed the club’s season. The Red Devils will go up against Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Wembley as a team in resurgent form. And that’s something few expected at the beginning of the campaign following early defeats to Brighton and Brentford. United were dire during their opening two league fixtures, with the club shipping six goals against Brighton and Brentford. But they’ve been in remarkable form ever since and, on Sunday, will have a chance to win a first trophy in six years when they lock horns with Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final. Martinez is poised to feature, with the Argentina international impressing in his side’s 2-1 Europa League win over Barcelona on Thursday. And now, speaking to the Mirror, the 25-year-old has revealed how a private chat after their early season woes sparked a turnaround. "We spoke in the dressing room. We said everything and were very strict,” he said. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players "We looked at the badge (points to it) and said, 'guys, this is not possible, we have to change this'. "We started to change the energy, to change everything in the training, fighting, and it was the best game to change against Liverpool. "We showed another spirit, another energy and different team work. And then we started to know we could do it. "It's not easy (upsetting team-mates) but I think you're players and have to have personality, because everyone wants to go one way. "It's about winning trophies, and if you want to win trophies you have to do the right things. And if you have to fight or you have to be strict with someone, you have to do it." Martinez himself experienced a difficult start to life at United. The Argentina international was written off by many as a result, including former Liverpool star and Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Yet Martinez has insisted he’s always been ready to fight - though also admitted he needs to restrain himself. He said: ”I can't do it, otherwise I will be suspended every game! "You have to be clever. It's hard, really hard. Sometimes I want to kill, but you have to control as well. "I think it's our culture from Argentina. We're always like this, we're passionate. ‘Football, for us, is everything, so that's why we always give everything of us. "As a kid, I remember when I was really young, four or five, I started to fight and I cried when I lost, so it's something we have in the blood, in the heart, it's our culture." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, former Arsenal star Paul Merson has opened up on the upcoming match between United and Newcastle. And he believes the Toon will be ruing Nick Pope’s red card against Liverpool last week, with the goalkeeper now primed to miss the contest through suspension. “If there was one player Eddie Howe couldn’t afford to miss in this final, it would be Nick Pope,” the pundit told Sportskeeda. “He has won them so many points this season. I’d be shocked if Newcastle won this one without Pope in goal. “He is that big for Newcastle United. Unfortunately, he is suspended and that’s going to cost Newcastle dearly. “When they’re keeping clean sheets, Pope is making big saves. Off the top of my head, in the draw against Arsenal, he made a world-class save to deny Eddie Nketiah.” Merson then added: “United are the team to beat in the final. “Newcastle United are not a free-scoring side. They don’t blow teams away. “If they don’t score two or three goals, they are not winning this one. I just don’t see them doing that against United on Sunday. “For me, the Magpies are desperate to win a trophy and these players can attain legendary status if they win silverware. “Unfortunately, it looks unlikely that will happen.”