Gabby Agbonlahor has slammed Manchester United winger Antony for his lack of goal contributions this season, branding him a 'bluffer' and 'embarrassing'. The ex-Premier League striker has produced a ruthless rant about Antony, who is still finding his feet in his maiden campaign in England. United manager Erik ten Hag insisted on reuniting with the 22-year-old last summer, prompting an £86million deal from Ajax. It made him the club's second most expensive player in history after Paul Pogba, burdening him with the mass expectation to make an impact. But he has unsurprisingly used the first six months of his Old Trafford career as an adaptation period, registering five goals and one assists in 22 United appearances. And Agbonlahor isn't convinced he's the right player for the Red Devils, highlighting his lack of goal contributions and crosses as points of strong criticism. He told talkSPORT: "Manchester United, for me, have looked better since Erik ten Hag has come in. They've done better in the last few months. But when I look at Antony... JUST IN: Ten Hag urged to ditch rule that 'won't work' and may impact Rashford  "There have been a lot of big transfers in the Premier League, [but] £86m... I think he's a bluffer. When he gets the ball, he doesn't take players on [and] he hasn't got the speed to take players on. "In 11 league games, he's got three goals, no assists. Four Carabao Cup games, one goal, no assists. Two FA Cup games, one goal, one assist. That's one assist in all competitions. "He doesn't do what Rashford does. Rashford gets the ball [and he's] direct, takes players on, gets balls into the box. And the big thing for me is his number of crosses. He's put in one and a half crosses per game." And Agbonlahor compared Antony to former United captain Ashley Young in his first season at Aston Villa, when he produced 14 assists while teaming with the 36-year-old at Villa Park. DON'T MISS: Chelsea may have their own Pogba with Fernandez amid 'scapegoat' fear  "[It must be frustrating] if you're a striker and making your runs [while] he's doing his tricks, cutting in, cutting back, not putting the ball into the box," Agbonlahor continued. "I played with a great winger called Ashley Young, still playing now at 37. In his first season at Aston Villa, he got nine goals and 14 assists. You always knew he was going to put the ball in. "He'd take a player on, do his step-overs, cut back, do his chops, but he'd always put the ball in the right areas. For me, Antony, one and a half crosses per game isn't good enough. "He does this turn too. He gets the ball and bends around like that. What would you do if you were a defender and he did that turn? It's embarrassing." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here