Pep Guardiola has joked that the Premier League should've charged Manchester City for Steven Gerrard's iconic slip that cost Liverpool the 2014 title. The Catalan coach didn't hold back in his public defence of Man City in the wake of 115 allegations of financial misconduct. On Monday, the Premier League accused the reigning champions of over 100 breaches of financial rules across a nine-year period. After a four-year investigation concluded last year, the English top flight produced bombshell accusations over alleged offences from 2009 to 2018. It has plunged City's future into uncertainty, with potential punishments including points deductions, the removal of previous Premier League titles and expulsion from the competition. But Guardiola has come out swinging, claiming that City have produced the Premier League's best moments over the last decade, in which they've lifted six titles. And he directed a dig at Liverpool, who finished second to the Citizens in three of those seasons, mocking that Gerrard's costly slip against Chelsea that handed them the title was City's 'fault'. READ MORE: Chelsea continue wild spending by handing Morgan '£6m record contract'  "Some moments belong to us - they absolutely belong to us regardless of the sentence," Guardiola explained to reporters. "The goal from Aguero when Balotelli slipped? I don't know if we are responsible for Steven Gerrard slipping at Anfield. Was that our fault? "I have respect for Steven Gerrard - but that moment belongs to us. The moments that we lived these years together, the Premier League will decide… but I know what we won and the way we won it. "I know the effort we put in. If something happened in 2009 or 2010, it is not going to change one second." DON'T MISS Man Utd 'sounding out sponsors' about Mason Greenwood returnMan City rivals 'left raging' by Pep Guardiola press conference rantMan Utd face awkward PSG confrontation as Emir of Qatar outlines plans And Guardiola extended the jab to City's other Premier League rivals, suggesting there is widespread jealousy about the club's relentless success under his regime. He added: "That [jealousy] is part of the sport. When you're a winning team, and people want to beat you, it's nice. "But some teams want to be in Champions League positions for the big stadiums they have built. "But we have won. If they doubt us, that's okay. They have their suspicions? That's okay." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here