Today, Ofgem, the energy regulator, announced a new price cap: the amount suppliers can charge households for energy. The cap has been cut by the regulator, however, bills are still set to rise in April as help from the Government is scaled back. It means millions of Britons will see more money leaving their bank accounts to cover the cost of energy in their home. For older people on limited incomes, this continues to be a pressing concern, especially as these individuals may need to heat their homes more. The energy cap rise from April means the average household is set to face a further increase in bills of £500. One campaign group has argued this, coupled with the withdrawal of universal support, places the focus on the state pension. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues warning as woman loses £14k in 'betrayal' Currently, millions of older people rely on the state pension, split into the old and new tier. But Silver Voices has argued this sum is “woefully inadequate” to help older people cover the additional surge in energy bills and the ongoing cost of living crisis. Dennis Reed, director of the group, said: “Older people are suffering most from the energy prices, because when they are forced to turn off their heating, there is a real risk to their lives. “The state pension, which people have paid for through their working lives in National Insurance contributions, should provide sufficient income for life’s essentials to be paid for. DON'T MISSMetro Bank warning after woman loses ‘long-term savings’ in fraud [WARNING]Halifax to shut 18 branches in 2023 [LATEST]Rishi Sunak told to end triple lock rather than hike state pension age [INSIGHT] “At the moment it is woefully inadequate.” At present, the old state pension is available to those who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. The sum is set to rise in April 2023 by 10.1 percent, making the basic state pension £156.20 per week. The new state pension will also rise in the same way, meaning those on the full sum will get £203.85 weekly. READ MORE: HSBC announces increase to interest rate across its savings accounts Some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. Under current plans, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is set to scale back universal support for all households with their energy bills. Silver Voices has argued if this is the case, pensioners who are not on Pension Credit will receive £300 - a sum lower than the support they have received in the past. The group has also expressed concerns about a “cliff edge effect” for those who are just above the Pension Credit eligibility threshold. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea With Pension Credit recipients set to get a further £900 per household, Silver Voices has said the so-called cliff edge will be “accentuated” for those who have a modest private pension or small savings. Mr Reed added: “We urge the Chancellor in his March Budget, to start the process of bringing the state pension up to the levels enjoyed in most other developed countries, at around two thirds of annual earnings rather than the current one third in the UK. “Inadequate one-off bail-outs are not the solution to the cost of living crisis. Britain’s senior citizens deserve better than this.” A Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "This year we will spend over £110billion on the state pension. The full yearly amount of the basic state pension is over £2,300 higher than in 2010 and the vast majority of people in receipt of it also get additional income from either an occupational/private pension, if they were contracted out, or the Additional state pension – and many get a combination of the two. We have also committed to the biggest state pension increase in history thanks to the triple lock. “But we recognise the pressures of the rising cost of living. This is why we delivered up to £600 of targeted support to 11.6 million pensioners through the colder months, and we are repeating this support again next winter. This is in addition to the £150 council tax rebate, a £400 discount on energy bills and our Energy Price Guarantee, which is saving the typical household another £900 this winter.”