Princess Eugenie is currently expecting her second child, but the doting royal mother is still attending engagements and delighting royal fans with her sartorial excellence. Recently, the 32-year-old royal attended a breakfast event co-hosted by her sister Princess Beatrice in Davos, Switzerland. The Princess sat down for an interview with Reuters Impact on climate action. The pregnant royal looked positively radiant as she donned a simple black mini dress from the brand Me+Em, complete with a loose-fitting skater skirt and elegant drop waistline. Princess Eugenie tied her chocolate-brown hair into a neat low bun, accessorising with layers of delicate gold necklaces and timeless gold hoops to complete her sophisticated monochrome ensemble. The royal was actually pregnant at the time of the event on January 18, but didn't actually make her pregnancy public until a week later.  Her relaxed-fit dress was the perfect option to disguise her blossoming baby bump. The royal's simple but stylish £425 dress is described by Me+Em as a "timeless classic with wear now and later appeal". The description continued: "A year-round staple, this fit-and-flare dress is crafted from pure silk and is framed by ruffled trims both around the neckline and cuffs that echo the soft pleating through the chest." News that Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank are expecting their second child, was confirmed by Buckingham Palace in January.    "The family are delighted and August is very much looking forward to being a big brother," said the Palace in a statement. The couple are already proud parents to son August Philip Hawke Brooksbank who was born in February 2021. Eugenie took to her personal Instagram account to share the exciting news alongside an adorable photo that showed August kissing her growing bump. "We're so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer." READ MORE: Meghan Markle poured heart out on Valentine's Day: 'If I had my way'  Daniel O’Farrell the founder, Bespoke Jeweller and Diamond Expert at DC Jewellery, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain. He said: "Both Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie tend to stick to classic silhouettes, with accentuated waists, which the sisters carry off splendidly. "Beatrice and Eugenie definitely get their dramatic fashion edge from their mum, Sarah, the Duchess of York, who in the 80s and 90s, had a reputation for her dramatic, yet memorable outfits. "Both sisters share a love for hats, perhaps inspired by their granny, the Queen.” Princess Beatrice's former stylist, Charlie Anderson, has previously said: "Eugenie tends to like more fitted, 1960s shapes, whereas Beatrice likes flounce and floral pieces.” Princess Eugenie went on to wear over £1.1million worth of jewels on her wedding day in 2018. Worth £1million alone, Eugenie's wedding tiara, the Greville Emerald Kokoshnik tiara, is the most valuable royal tiara.