Former neighbours of the man suspected of killing his wife and child at Epsom College say he seemed to have “a lot of time on his hands” and didn’t really seem to go to work. The 39-year-old had only recently moved into the family home on the grounds of Epsom College, as he had been living in their old house in Caterham, Surrey while waiting for the sale to go through.  One of the family’s old neighbours said the "introverted" chartered accountant “seemed older than 39, he looked and acted like someone approaching 50, not 40”. They added: “His dress sense was almost like a country gent. Over the last year or so I never really saw him go to work. “I think he may have worked at home a bit, but I got the impression he had a lot of time on his hands. “I'd see him through the window drinking glasses of red wine in his new kitchen extension.” Mr Pattison set up a management consultancy company in 2016 called Tanglewood 2016 and he was the sole director. The accounts for the year ending October 2021 show he had taken out a director’s loan for the sum of £14,076.   And documents from the Land Registry reveal that a mortgage was taken out on the family's four-bedroom Caterham home in January last year, eight years after they purchased it for around £600,000. The Daily Mail reports that Mr Pattison had stayed living in that property until three weeks ago when its sale for £1.5million went through. The family lived there while 45-year-old Mrs Pattison was Croydon High School’s headteacher, before moving on to become the head at Epsom College last September. Early on Sunday morning, she called her sister Deborah Kirk in a state of distress. This phone call led to her sister driving to the home in Surrey but she arrived too late and discovered her sister’s body as well as Mr Pattison’s and that of Lettie. Surrey Police has referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct over the triple shooting because they had spoken to Mr Pattison about his gun licence just days before the tragedy. He had been a licensed shotgun holder for years and officers had called him last Thursday to talk about where he was storing his weapon in the new property. READ MORE: Meghan Markle should be 'very worried' about half-sister's lawsuit    Home Office regulations state that gun owners must tell police about a change of address as soon as they move. Last night Zoe Roberts, a teacher at Caterham School where her friend Mrs Pattison also used to teach, said: "It is tragic and we wish this had never happened. "She was beautiful, inside and out. She was just the most wonderful person. We can’t put it into words at the moment, it is too raw. We are still working it out. It is just a tragic loss." A former neighbour added: 'I wasn't sure if anybody had actually moved out because I'd seen George quite recently. I saw him in the run-up to Christmas. “He was by himself, Emma and Lettie were not with him. His BMW 8 Series was parked on the drive. Emma drove a 4x4 but I'd not seen that for a while." DON'T MISSFirefighters call off strikes after reaching eleventh-hour pay deal [REVEALED]Former MP found guilty of making £20,000 in fraudulent expenses claims [REPORT]Sunak nightmare as poll shows SNP would overtake Tories in election [ANALYSIS]  The neighbour added: “In fact, the last time I spoke to Emma was just before she got the job at Epsom College because she was telling me how she'd just got it and was to become head teacher of this big, prestigious school. “I hadn't seen her nor her daughter since that day and that must have been earlier last summer. I think she moved out before George.” Officers have confirmed that a gun registered and licensed to Mr Pattison was recovered from the headteacher’s home after the killing. They say that the phone call they had with him about his change of address days before was “routine”. Surrey Police is now treating the incident as a homicide investigation. The exact cause of the deaths, which have been reported to the coroner, will not be established until post-mortem examinations have been carried out. The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org. 