Tottenham consider Brighton starlet Evan Ferguson a potential heir to Harry Kane and are weighing up a move for the Irish wonderkid, according to reports. Spurs are seeking a long-term replacement for Kane and have apparently earmarked Ferguson as a possible successor. Teenage ace Ferguson has been excellent for Brighton at the start of his Premier League career. Possessing a strong physical presence for his age, the 18-year-old has scored three goals in seven top-flight appearances this term. Spurs supposedly believe that Ferguson has the potential to develop into a future replacement for Kane. Come the summer, club record goalscorer Kane will have just a year remaining on his contract and has plenty of interest from Europe’s biggest clubs. But Spurs’ pursuit of Ferguson could apparently be hijacked by London rivals Chelsea. The big-spending Blues are also reported to be weighing up a move for the prolific attacker. JUST IN: Tottenham's win vs West Ham saw Conte repeat Chelsea ruthless streak That is according to The Sun, who report that the two Premier League clubs are considering moves for Ferguson. Spurs apparently see the Ireland international as a Kane successor, while Chelsea are seeking to plug their scoring issues under Graham Potter. Ferguson has been incredibly impressive in his fledgling Premier League career. He is one of a number of young Brighton players who are attracting interest from bigger clubs. After an excellent performance against Everton in January, in which Ferguson scored and assisted, boss Roberto De Zerbi said: “I’m happy for Evan, he played a fantastic game. He has big potential and I think he can help us in the second part of the season. “With Danny Welbeck, he can be very important as our striker. Evan could become a great striker because he has all the qualities, both physical and technical. It was a mature performance by Evan. DON'T MISS...Souness agrees with Jordan that Marcus Rashford is not world classQatari investors' 'stance' on Tottenham bid if Al Thani buys Man UtdPremier League icon with over 300 games Dodd now works at a college “He has my confidence, 100 per-cent. Young players, after the first two or three games, can have dips in the quality of performance. I want him to only enjoy being on the pitch. He has a big potential, big quality. Now he is already a very important player for us.” Brighton are desperately trying to keep their best young players. Ferguson is attracting interest, while Moises Caicedo went public in his desire to join Arsenal in January, despite Brighton steadfastly refusing to accept a £70million offer. The Seagulls are also expected to receive interest in World Cup-winning midfielder Alexis Mac Allister in the summer. Borussia Dortmund could make the 24-year-old their Jude Bellingham replacement.