White sheets naturally turn yellow because of sweat and body oil so can stain over time if the proper precautions aren’t taken. Regular washing with detergent may not be enough to banish stains. White sheets can also become discoloured when they’re washed with darker items in the washing machine. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for whitening discoloured bed sheets. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Frances Kellaway posted: “How can I whiten my bed sheets which are not as white as they should be?” READ MORE: Easiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’ The post was inundated with comments but the most suggested response was to use Vanish. Cheryl Mackie said: “Vanish Oxi Crystal White in with your wash.” Susan Hodgkins replied: “Vanish powder in with your washing powder.” Wendy Hulley wrote: “Vanish crystal whites, great stuff.” Helen Glindon agreed and wrote: “That’s what I do and my whites always come out lovely. [They] always stay white.” Victoria Evans posted: “Vanish...hot wash and dry outside.” DON'T MISSEasiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’ [INSIGHT]Lawn job to do ‘now’ to ‘save time’ come spring - avoids ‘dying’ grass [UPDATE]Paving expert shares 4 common items to ‘avoid’ cleaning slabs with [ANALYSIS] Maria Whitaker commented: “I have white cotton sheets. I use Bold washing pods or any Fairy non-bio powder. “But I always put a scoop of Vanish whites powder in the drawer. Great for tea towels etc! Wash at 40C or 30C even if not dirty. They always look very white and smell lovely.” Vanish can be bought online or from most local supermarkets. Vanish White Gold claims to give you “instantly whiter clothes after just one wash”. “Millions of Oxi Action bubbles are specifically developed to make your whites whiter, even in a cold wash at 30C.” READ MORE: ‘Quickest’ solution to remove dried food debris from your microwave Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Vanish White Gold costs £6.50 from Wilko for 1kg. Vanish Gold White costs £3.99 from Savers. Vanish Oxi Action Fabric Stain Remover Powder Whites costs £5.50 from Sainsbury’s for 1kg. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Napisan, bicarbonate of soda, bleach, cold water and Ace Bleach. Caroline Cameron replied: “Presoak in Napisan. Thereafter, adding some in with your usual laundry detergent will keep them nice.” Kathleen Hodson said: “Put some Napisan in with your powder.” Glynis Helm commented: “I use baking soda in my whites wash. Works a treat.” Mandy Shaw suggested: “I boil wash mine with Ace laundry bleach.” Sandra Hercher Howells agreed and wrote: “I buy Ace bleach and while doing whites I add it with everything. “I pause my machine and let it soak for a while and add Napisan if I have any and comes out fine.” Helen Ketchen replied: “You could put them in cold water to soak before you wash them. You will be amazed at how much dirt comes out. “Plus, a good soak in cold water before a slow easy spin after the wash then hang up.”