Two years ago a 22-year-old gunman killed five people, along with himself, in the Devon city of Plymouth. As the inquest drew to a conclusion on Monday afternoon, BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay recalled the horrific event as he covered the case at the time.  During the inquest at Exeter Racecourse people learnt the gunman, called Jake Davidson, legally had a gun licence and had been obsessed with firearms from a young age. On the afternoon of August 12, Jake first took the life of his mother Maxine before going into the street and opening fire on a further four people which included a three-year-old girl. The jurors at the inquest came to the conclusion that all five victims were unlawfully killed. During Tuesday’s instalment of BBC Breakfast, presenter Jon Kay touched on the shootings as he covered the case at the time. READ MORE:Denise Welch blasts 'disgraceful' remarks about missing Nicola Bulley   Jon commented: “Following an inquest hearing, the local police force there have been accused of breathtaking incompetence. “I’ll never forget, I was there that night reporting as the scale of what had happened was becoming clear. “It was the 12 August 2021 and the gunman was this man Jake Davidson, he was 22 years old ”He fatally shot himself after killing five others, yesterday an inquest jury concluded that his victims were unlawfully killed.”     Jake had first shot his mother Maxine before taking to the street and taking fire at 3-year-old Sophie Martyn and her dad Lee, Stephen Washington and 66-year-old Kate Shepherd. Jon informed viewers the gunman had a known history of violence and mental health issues. The inquest jury from the Plymouth shooting case had stated there had been a “catastrophic failure” from Devon and Cornwall Police who had given the 22-year-old a gun licence. Cutting to footage from the families of the victims reacting to the inquest on Monday afternoon, viewers got to hear a statement. DON'T MISS... BBC viewers beg Sally Nugent to 'calm down' over 'aggressive' grilling [REACTION] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [INSIGHT] Loose Women’s Ruth Langsford takes brutal swipe at Coleen Nolan [VIDEO]   It read: “We now want seismic change and a complete overhaul of the firearms licensing system and legislation in England and Wales. “The current system and any perceived changes since this attack does not reassure us and it should not reassure the public.” Since then, BBC Breakfast's Jon highlighted a series of recommendations given by the Independent Office for Police Conduct to strengthen firearm licensing controls. These include things such as stronger monitoring of licence holders and regular reviews of the officers who approve applications   Chief Constable of Devon and Cornwall Police Will Kerr, who took over in December 2022, spoke about the findings from the inquiry. He said: "Steps should have been taken to safeguard our communities and for that failure, I am truly sorry. "I accept Devon and Cornwall Police has failed our communities in regard to Jake Davison. “But, had there been clearer national guidance, direction and specific legislation concerning firearms licensing - decision-making locally may well have been very different." BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One from 6am 