Arsenal midfielder Jorginho could be pushed out of the exit doors early because of four players. The Italian only joined the Gunners this week but there has already been speculation his stay at the club won't be a long one. Jorginho was never going to be a long-term player for Arsenal. The 31-year-old signed an 18-month contract with the option of a further year. Arsenal missed out on their top target Moises Caicedo as Brighton dug deep and maintained he was not for sale. But the Ecuador star is set to remain a target for Mikel Arteta in the summer. Arteta also wants to sign West Ham's Declan Rice. The Gunners are confident they can beat the likes of Chelsea to the England star's signature. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack striker  Signing both Rice and Caicedo would make the Gunners' midfield options heavily congested all of a sudden. Thomas Partey is a key member of Arteta's side and won't be leaving anytime soon. Meanwhile, Mohamed Elneny is set to have the one-year option in his contract triggered. Elneny is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury but Arsenal want to see him through his rehabilitation before he returns to action at some point next term. If all goes to plan, Arsenal could have Rice, Caicedo, Partey and Elneny as defensive midfield options next season. That could leave Jorginho eyeing up a move away just six months after joining. Arteta has spoken of his admiration for Jorginho as a player this week and that he had pursued him for several years. But transfer reporter Graeme Bailey has claimed the former Chelsea star may return to Italy and not see out his contract. DON'T MISSWorld's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combinedTottenham 'to make move' for La Liga duo Man Utd turned their back onTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap  Speaking on the Talking Transfers podcast, Bailey said: "He’s an upgrade. Bringing him in now, one player doesn’t make a team, but this one player could have such an impact on this Arsenal team. "He has experience, he’s impressive. I’m not surprised that Arteta is delighted with this. This could be the signing that wins them the title. "I don’t think it has affected their long-term transfer ambitions. I’ve been told by someone and they said that they wouldn’t be surprised if Jorginho lifts the title and then still moves back to Italy in the summer."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here