Gary Neville admits he’s “a bit worried” about Manchester City as “something isn’t quite right” on the pitch. And the ex-Manchester United right-back has claimed the Red Devils, Arsenal and Liverpool “don’t like the idea” of the Citizens coming out of nowhere to dominate the Premier League. Earlier this week, the Etihad Stadium club were charged with over 100 financial offences by the Premier League following a four-year investigation. And City now face the possibility of having their titles stripped, as well as expulsion from the Premier League, although the club maintain their innocence. And Neville has had his say on the matter. “There’s been massive respect towards Manchester City over the last seven or eight years in terms of what we’ve seen on the pitch,” the former England international told The Overlap Live Fan Debate. “They are determined that they’ve not done anything wrong, and I feel as if they don’t like the idea of the established elite not liking what they are doing. Clubs like Manchester United, Liverpool, Arsenal - the historic, traditional big clubs - don’t like this idea of the newcomer coming on the block and doing what they’re doing. READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    “They may use it in their favour as a siege mentality in the next few months. I’m a bit worried about what’s happening inside the club from a football perspective and how they’re playing. Something isn’t quite right.” City have enjoyed vast success since being taken over by Abu Dhabi United Group in 2008. Over the last 15 years, the club have won six Premier League titles, two FA Cups and six Carabao Cups. And current manager Pep Guardiola has assembled a squad that ranks among the best in the world. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning    City have struggled to hit their usual high standards in the Premier League this season, however, and are currently five points adrift of league leaders Arsenal. But the north west giants are still on course to win three trophies as they have reached the last 16 of the Champions League and the fifth round of the FA Cup and will be hoping to leapfrog the Gunners before the campaign ends. “Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with,” City said in a statement on Monday. “The club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all.” 