The growth bonds have an interest rate of four percent while the income bonds have a rate of 3.9 percent. Some 500,000 existing customers will also get better interest rates for their Guaranteed Growth Bonds, Guaranteed Income Bonds and Fixed Interest Savings Certificates. The growth bonds and income bonds were last on sale in 2019. Savers can invest a minimum of £500 and a maximum of £1million in each issue. NS&I chief executive, Ian Ackerley, said: “It’s continuing to be an exciting time for savers and I’m pleased that we are able to bring back on general sale our popular one-year fixed-rate Bonds with two new Issues. “Existing customers may also gain from a better deal when their current Bonds mature, with the option to renew with a higher interest rate. “At the same time, by offering two new Issues today, we are continuing to balance the interests of savers, taxpayers and the broader financial services sector to support our net financing target which contributes to the funding of public services.” READ MORE: TSB increases interest rates on savings accounts and launches new offer of up to £260 The provider estimates around 494,000 one, two, three or five-year Guaranteed Growth Bonds, Guaranteed Income Bonds and Fixed Interest Savings Certificates accounts will benefit from the new interest rates, when their Bonds mature. Two, three and five-year products are only available to existing customers who have maturing products and are not open to new customers. NS&I recently increased the rates on its other savings products, with the rate on the Direct Saver and Income Bonds increasing from 2.3 percent to 2.6 percent. Customers with a Direct ISA also saw the rate go up from 1.75 percent tax-free to 2.15 percent tax-free.  The group has also increased the interest rate on its Junior ISA from 2.7 percent tax-free to 3.4 percent tax-free, boosting the savings of some 80,000 under-18 savers. The prize fund rate for Premium Bonds also increased for today’s prize draw, from three percent to 3.15 percent. Savers with Premium Bonds are entered into a monthly prize draw rather than earnings interest on their savings. Each Bonds has an equal chance of winning the £1million jackpot with other top prizes including £100,000 and £50,000.  Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, warned savers they should “look at the small print” before investing in Premium Bonds as a saving option. She explained: “Your odds of actually winning a prize haven’t improved and remain at 24,000 to one for each £1 bond you hold. "But if you do win a prize you’re more likely to win a bigger sum, as the prize fund has been boosted. “While lots of people are drawn in by the Government-backing and the tax-free nature of Premium Bonds, the majority of people would likely be better off opting for a standard savings account and getting a guaranteed interest. “The top easy-access savings account currently pays three percent but you can get more interest with fixed and notice accounts.” Below is a list of the fixed-term savings products currently on sale from NS&I with their respective interest rates: Fixed-term savings products available to customers with maturing products: