Shamima Begum will be in “tears in her tent” after losing her citizenship appeal, a filmmaker who formed a remarkable bond with the former ISIS bride has said. Andrew Drury, 56, met Begum six times over a year between 2021 and 2022 forming a connection so close the pair swapped WhatsApp messages. Today the Special Immigration Appeals Commission (SIAC) rejected Begum’s appeal to have her citizenship reinstated, marking her final attempt through a court based on British soil. Mr Drury uncovered the former ISIS bride in 2021 after she had stopped speaking to journalists since giving an infamous "heads in bins" interview to Antony Loyd from the Times in 2019. Initially, Begum revealed to Mr Drury her mental health struggles in the camp and even showed him pictures of some of her three children that have all passed away. But despite initially feeling sorry for her, Mr Drury began to realise Begum was capable of manipulating her narrative and he felt she wanted to appear like a victim to come back to the UK.  Mr Drury said despite his misgivings over Begum’s character, he does believe she should still face trial in the UK because the situation in Syria where she is held is not stable long term. He said: “It’s a strange feeling having known Shamima for such a long period of time. If you ask me ‘have the courts made the right decision?’ It’s a difficult one. “On the one hand yes, because of what I know about her, but on the other hand no, because I believe she should face trial in the UK. “Now she is rejected, I don’t know where that leaves her now, she will probably be in tears in her tent. “Perhaps it is too easy to take someone’s citizenship away, I know why they have in this case and I know they were able to, but I still believe she should be brought back and have her trial and sentence in the UK. “Even though I do think she has been trying to manipulate her narrative to try and seem like a victim, which I don’t think is true.” READ MORE: Brexit deal breakthrough as DUP say 'we have potential to resolve issues' with EU Andrew said the decision made by the BBC to give Begum a podcast and for a magazine to give her a front cover was still wrong in his eyes. He said: “I’ve spent the last few weeks being asked about Shamima and my feelings are negative in terms of I don’t think she should be a magazine cover girl or have her own podcast. “Now she has lost her citizenship appeal it is a peculiar feeling because we did make a connection as you would with any human being. “Having said that, the decision today I think shows that the court will have heard evidence from the Government about what Shamima did, or was capable of doing under ISIS. “Sajid Javid wouldn’t have made his original decision lightly, and I have heard about the allegations she sewed people into suicide vests and was part of the religious police. I believe she was capable of both those things having known her for as long as I have.” Ms Begum was 15 years old when she travelled from Bethnal Green, east London, through Turkey and into territory controlled by ISIS. Her British citizenship was revoked shortly after she was found, nine months pregnant, in a Syrian refugee camp in February 2019. Ms Begum, now 23, brought a challenge against the Home Office over this decision at the Special Immigration Appeals Commission (SIAC), a specialist tribunal which hears challenges to decisions to remove someone's British citizenship on national security grounds. Following a five-day hearing in November, the tribunal dismissed her challenge on Wednesday. Giving the decision of the commission, Mr Justice Jay said that the tribunal found that there was a "credible suspicion" Ms Begum had been trafficked to Syria for sexual exploitation, "to which, as a child, she could not give a valid consent". "In the commission's opinion, there is a credible suspicion that Ms Begum was recruited, transferred and then harboured for the purpose of sexual exploitation," he continued in the ruling. However, the specialist tribunal ruled that a finding that Ms Begum had been trafficked did not prevent the then-home secretary from removing her citizenship. Mr Justice Jay also said in a summary of the commission's decision that the existence of this suspicion was "insufficient" for her to succeed in her arguments that the deprivation of her British citizenship failed to respect her human rights, adding that given she was now in Syria, the Home Secretary was not compelled to facilitate her return nor stopped from using "deprivation powers". Wednesday's decision has been welcomed by the Home Office and former home secretary Sajid Javid. A department spokesperson said: "We are pleased that the court has found in favour of the Government's position in this case. "The Government's priority remains maintaining the safety and security of the UK and we will robustly defend any decision made in doing so." Mr Javid, who made the decision to strip Ms Begum of her British citizenship, said: "I welcome today's court ruling, which has again upheld my decision to remove an individual's citizenship on national security grounds. "This is a complex case but home secretaries should have the power to prevent anyone entering our country who is assessed to pose a threat to it." DON'T MISS: Ranvir Singh scrambles to host Lorraine after presenter sent home with 'hideous bug'