Mr Cleverly urged leaders to ensure countries suffering food shortages are aware it is because of “Russian aggression, rather than our response to that aggression”. African nations are reliant upon an estimated 50 per cent of the world’s wheat harvest – much of it from Ukraine. Many African nations – including Nigeria and Kenya, the economic powerhouses of West and East Africa – voted in favour of a UN general assembly resolution last year, condemning Russian “aggression” and demanding its withdrawal from Ukraine. However, nearly half of all abstentions, a total of 17, were from Africa, including South Africa. China is still holding joint military drills with Russia while India will not criticise the Kremlin. Speaking after a Russian rocket killed at least three people when it hit flats in Kramatorsk, Ukraine, Mr Cleverly told the Daily Express: “We need to keep reminding people who are having Russian disinformation and propaganda dripped into their ears who the real aggressor is. “And we need to make sure those countries that have been quiet are more vocal in their condemnation of Russia’s actions.” Before the war broke out last year, Ukraine supplied about 45 million metric tons of grain to the global market every year and was the world’s top exporter of sunflower oil. Together with Russia, it accounted for about one quarter of global wheat exports in 2019. But the war has hit production. Western allies believe there is a crucial window for them to supply Ukraine with modern weaponry to repel Russian forces from Ukraine. Mr Cleverly said: “Putin wants to drag this out. He wants to make it slow. He wants to feed lots of young Russians and Ukrainians into the grinder. That must be something we ­prevent them from doing. We need him to ­understand we’re going to support Ukraine until they are victorious and therefore it’s in his interest to get seriously around the negotiating table sooner rather than later.” Western officials do not believe the war will end this year, despite a huge increase in weaponry being sent to Ukraine. With the allies promising Kyiv tanks, Ukraine is now asking for modern fighting planes. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has said no decision has been taken yet. But Downing Street claimed it would take almost three years for Ukrainian pilots to learn how to fly Britain’s F-35 or Typhoon fighter jets. The Prime Minister’s spokesman said: “We will continue listening to the Ukrainians and consider what is right for the long term, but the fastest training programme for a new pilot is approximately 35 months.” Meanwhile fashion tycoon Paul Smith said he has “ceased all ­supplies” to Russia and intends to close his stores there. There had been a growing backlash over his failure to pull out following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. A spokesman said: “For two decades we have had a franchise partner who operates stores in Russia. “We now realise it was a mistake to allow these stores to continue trading in our name against the ­background of the war in Ukraine.”