When 20th Century Fox merged with Disney the rights to X-Men and Fantastic Four characters went to Marvel Studios and fans have already been enjoying the benefits. Evan Peters’ Quicksilver showed up in WandaVision and Sir Patrick Stewart played a variant of his Professor X in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Since then the MCU has been teasing the arrival of mutants with Ms Marvel and Namor, plus the upcoming Deadpool 3 starring Ryan Reynolds’ Merc with a Mouth and Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine. And according to new reports, there are even more original X-Men stars on the way. Firstly, Sir Patrick told Comicbook ET: “I've been told to standby [for Deadpool 3]. I know nothing more than that, honest.” Professor X died in Doctor Strange 2 but he can always return as a variant from another universe, just as Jackman’s Wolverine is expected to do so as not to undo their characters' deaths in Logan. More recently the Charles Xavier star confessed that both he and Sir Ian McKellen are not finished with their X-Men characters. Sir Patrick told ET Online: “Actually, [Doctor Strange 2] went very well. [Sir Ian] did say something like ['Hey, I would've done this!'], yes that's true… But we're not done, Sir Ian and myself. We're... we got plans." And according to reliable Marvel leaker MyTimeToShineHello those plans are: “Deadpool 3 and Secret Wars”. WARNING: POTENTIAL SPOILERS AHEAD. The scooper has previously tweeted: “Deadpool 3 will be a direct follow-up to Deadpool 2. Wade, using Cable's time machine will travel into the future to save Wolverine from dying. Logan does not know who that guy is and want[s] him gone but using a time machine and changing history will get them on the TVA's radar.” Given Professor X and Magneto are from the same universe means they can pop up in the film in some capacity.  As for Avengers Secret Wars, that’s where it all gets very exciting. That blockbuster is set to be the Multiverse Saga’s Avengers Endgame, arriving in 2026 after Avengers: The Kang Dynasty a year earlier. Comic book fans will know the title is inspired by a storyline where the Marvel multiverse collides and multiple variants of the same characters exist in the same reality. In fact, the scooper claims Secret Wars will mostly be from the perspective of superheroes from other universes. READ MORE: Marvel – Huge MCU leak details Robert Downey Jr, Hugh Jackman return There’s speculation that the New Avengers will lose to Kang in The Kang Dynasty, much like they did to Thanos in Infinity War, only for them to be saved in the sequel by their counterparts from non-MCU movie universes. The leaker boldly tweeted: “Yes Tobey Maguire[’s Spider-Man] and Hugh Jackman[’s Wolverine] will meet and fight alongside each other in Secret Wars.” Presumably, Professor X and Magneto will show up too for a multiverse-spanning final battle against Kang the Conqueror and his variants that will top the final act of Avengers Endgame. Deadpool 3 hits cinemas on November 4, 2024. SOURCES: ET ONLINE/COMIC BOOK