WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Happy Valley season 3. Fans have been waiting for years to find out how Catherine Cawood's (played by Sarah Lancashire) story would be wrapped up. She has cared for grandson Ryan (Rhys Connah) after daughter Becky took her own life and has protected him as best she could from his dangerous father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton). However, alongside Catherine's rivarly with Tommy, another storyline played out in the third series involving Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard) and pharmacist Faisal (Amit Shah). Faisal had been providing Joanna with knock-off diazepam but when she asked too much of him, he attacked her. BBC viewers were horrified when Faisal hit Joanna over the head with a rolling pin and put her body in a suitcase. READ MORE: Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat Her body was found by husband Rob (Mark Stanley) and he became the main suspect in the investigation into her death. It looked certain Rob would take the blame for Joanna's death until Catherine tipped off her colleague to Faisal's drug dealing and noted he lived 100m away from the Hepworths. Faisal's ending was left rather ambiguous but it clear enough he would be caught by officers for his dodgy behaviour. Addressing why his storyline ended in that way, actor Amit said it was likely bosses wanted to keep their options open regarding the final episode.  He appeared on BBC Breakfast via video link where he was quizzed by Sally Nugent and Jon Kay. Sally asked: "Amit, I'm going to ask you a similair question. Did you know what was coming? I'm guessing you watched til the end?" "Well, I was aware of what was going to happen to my character because I was physically there," Amit replied. "But regarding scenes involving other characters, those scenes were taken out of my script so I didn't. DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay 'not allowed to talk' due to Happy Valley ban [VIDEO]James Norton shares costume detail to help manage health condition [INSIGHT]Happy Valley has now wrapped up forever with fans hit with a big final [REVIEW] "I was watching it as an audience member last night." Sally probed: "So explain that to us. Other characters other than your character weren't in the script you got in your hand?" "Exactly," the Faisal star confirmed. "It didn't affect my journey so I wasn't aware of it. "Maybe they wanted to keep that open and they wanted to play with different options until filming but it was very secretive." Jon chipped in: "It was frustrating enough for the rest of the population not knowing what was going to happen so to be part of the show and not know what was going to happen must have drove you nuts." "Yes, but what do you do?" asked Amit. "It's Sally Wainwright so you just get stuck in." Happy Valley is avaialble to stream on BBC iPlayer now.