A potential witness in the disappearance of Nicola Bulley has been found after an appeal by Lancashire Police. The force released a CCTV image of the woman earlier today (February 2) before confirming later the same day that the person had been identified.   The potential witness was described as wearing a red and white coat with a fur hood, light-coloured trousers and a light bobble hat. She was walking a small, white dog on Allotment Lane at around 8.48am on January 27, the day that Ms Bulley went missing. Police wanted to speak with the woman for any information she may have that could help them track down the missing mum-of-two, who has now been missing for nearly a week. Lancashire Police said in a statement released on Thursday: "Earlier today we released a CCTV image of somebody we wanted to identify as part of our search for missing Nicola Bulley. "We have now identified the woman and would like to thank everybody who shared our appeal and phoned in with information."   The statement added the search is continuing today for Ms Bulley, who went missing in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. Lancashire Police said a large and extremely thorough search has been carried out in the area, adding: "These are both continuing and at this point there is nothing to suggest any third party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance."  Meanwhile, the family of the missing mortgage adviser have urged anyone who may have any information about her disappearance to come forward, adding "people don't just vanish into thin air". Speaking to Sky News, Ms Bulley's sister Louise Cunningham said: "Something has got to have been missed. Somebody must know something. People don't just vanish into thin air. "There has got to be somebody who knows something and all we are asking is, no matter how small or big, if there is anything you remember that doesn't seem right, then please reach out to the police. Get in touch and get my sister back." READ ABOUT HOW MUCH TIME RISHI SUNAK HAS LEFT IN NO.10  Ms Bulley's father Ernie Bulley broke down in tears as he said he would "do anything" for his missing daughter. Asked how much he missed his daughter, Mr Bulley began to cry as he told Sky News: "Don't, it's hard... we're such a close knit family. We're a close knit family, we'd do anything for any one of us and the children would do the same for us. "We're getting on in life, and the grandchildren, and our own children, are more and more important to us as we're getting older. "So, yeah, I just hope she comes home." DON'T MISS: Major police update in case of missing mum as divers scour river [REPORT] Nicola Bulley's final phone call and four other unanswered mysteries [REVEALED] Key witness in missing mum Nicola Bulley case indentified by police [LATEST]  He said that his family hoped their interview would "spark a light" that would lead to finding Ms Bulley. Mr Bulley said: "We're holding onto this, not our last hope, but this is going to reach out to millions of people, and we're just hoping that from doing this interview that something may come of it which will spark a light and it will lead to us finding our daughter." He added: "The main thing is that we want to find Nicola, get her back home. There are two young children there waiting for their mummy to come back and we want her back obviously also, but if Nicola is out there, if she's watching this, then all we'd like to say is come home, contact the police, contact ourselves and we just want you back. "And they know that mummy's missing but they know that she's going to be coming home and everyone is looking for her so it's only a matter of time, that they're thinking in their minds, that she's going to walk through that door."    Ms Bulley's sister added: "Their little minds are trying to process, they don't really understand, none of us understand, to be honest. But when there are children involved you just have to carry on, you've got to get through every day and that's all we're trying to do." Lancashire Police has said Ms Bulley's movements were as follows: At 8.43am she walked along the path by the River Wyre, having dropped her children off at school. At around 8.50am, a dogwalker who knows Ms Bulley, saw her walking around a lower field with her dog. Their two dogs interacted briefly before the witness left the field via the river path. Three minutes later at 8.53am Ms Bulley sent an email to her boss before logging into a Teams call at 9.01am. Around 9.10am somebody who knows Ms Bulley saw her on an upper field walking her dog, Willow. Lancashire Police say they are trying to establish exactly what time this was. At 9.30am the Teams call ended, but Ms Bulley stayed logged on. Her mobile phone and dog were found at a bench by the river by another dogwalker at about 9.35am. Superintendent Sally Riley said: "We know Nicola going missing has caused a great deal of concern for the wider local community, as well as obviously being an awful time for her family. "This remains a missing person inquiry and at this time there is nothing to suggest any third-party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance. "I appreciate that there are unanswered questions about what has happened to Nicola, but I would urge people not to speculate or spread false rumours. We will share updates when we can, but we must be factual. "Nicola’s family are being kept up to date with events and are being supported by officers. "We are really grateful for the community’s help and co-operation so far, but I’d like to stress again parts of the riverbank are treacherous, especially after the recent rain, and we would ask that nobody puts themselves in danger and that the police and partner agencies’ efforts to find Nicola are not compromised."  Lancashire Police has described Ms Bulley as white, 5ft 3ins tall, with light brown shoulder-length hair. She speaks with an Essex accent. She was last seen wearing a long black gilet jacket with a hood, black jeans and olive-green ankle wellies. Her hair was tied into a ponytail. Anybody who has seen Ms Bulley, or has information about where she might be, is asked to call 101, quoting log 565 of January 30. For immediate sightings call 999. 