Fierce debates continue to rage on regarding the Government’s future decisions on the triple lock and state pension age. While the triple lock will return in April 2023, offering a 10.1 percent increase in line with September’s CPI inflation figure, its sustainability has been called into question. The Government is also grappling with divided opinion on the state pension age, with a review currently taking place to consider how and when age increases should be implemented. Reports from The Sun have suggested the cabinet may be split on the matter, with Chancellor Jeremy Hunt looking to introduce a rise to 68 by 2035, while work and pensions secretary Mel Stride is pushing for 2042. But a DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk “no decision” has yet been taken on changes to the state pension age. Another expert has weighed in on the matter, suggesting axing the triple lock, rather than increasing the state pension age could be the best course of action. READ MORE: Pensioners urge axing of frozen pension to help 500,000 Britons John Cridland, who conducted an independent review of the state pension age in 2017, this week told MPs the pledge could be scrapped. The triple lock has formed a vital part of Conservative policy since its introduction in 2010. However, it has been critiqued as expensive and as a result, unsustainable. Speaking at the Work and Pensions committee in the House of Commons, Mr Cridland said: “If there were those in Government who felt the pension age increase needed to come earlier or go further, then the triple lock could not be sacrosanct.” DON'T MISSState pension age hikes not 'felt evenly' [INSIGHT]WASPI launches new bid in state pension age change debate [UPDATE]Pensioners may be eligible for sum worth £3,500, Martin Lewis warns [LATEST] The former pensions tsar said he recognised Britons will want their pension to be “as valuable as it could be”, however, he remarked people want to “live long enough to get their pension”. He added: “Having the triple lock as a given, but endlessly having to push up the state pension age, doesn’t necessarily serve all pensioners.” The triple lock continues to be a popular policy amongst older Britons. It was designed to ensure the state pension kept pace with the cost of living upon its introduction by the coalition Government in 2010. READ MORE: HSBC announces increase to interest rate across its savings accounts The policy sees the state pension rise each year by whichever is the highest of 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. Catherine Foot, director of Phoenix Insights, recently stated the Government will have to “grapple” with decisions on the triple lock and the state pension age. She said: “The triple lock has enabled the state pension to keep up with at least inflation or average earnings growth since its introduction, but an ageing population and recent macroeconomic volatility has brought its long-term funding into the spotlight. “The Government will be grappling with this as it looks to balance the pressures of public spending and the experience of individuals impacted by a rising state pension age.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Ms Foot stated any further increases to the state pension age “must come alongside a plan to help people maintain their income or save more in order to plug the gap”. She added the state pension could be “changed or targeted in terms of its generosity of eligibility” going forward. However, the Government is set to tread a fine line with an impending General Election in 2025. A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age and the second state pension age review is currently considering, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data and two independent reports, whether the rules around state pension age remain appropriate. "The review will be published early this year."