Madonna shared a black and white photograph of herself and her brother Anthony with their six siblings. In the caption, the singer wrote a heartfelt message, thanking her brother for "blowing [her] mind" and introducing her to several musicians, writers, and religions. The 64-year-old penned: "Thank you for blowing my mind as a young girl and introducing me to Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, Buddhism, Taoism, Charles Bukowski, Richard Brautigan, Jack Kerouac. "Expansive thinking outside the box. You planted many important seeds." Madonna pointed out her brother with a white arrow as he sat beside their sisters Paula and Melanie. Anthony's death was announced on Sunday by Melanie's husband Joe Henry. READ MORE:King Charles's Coronation mocked by Jedward as A-listers shun event He wrote on Instagram: "My brother-in-law, Anthony Gerard Ciccone, exited this earthly plane last evening. "I’ve known him since I was 15, in the spring of our lives in Michigan so many years now gone. As brother Dave Henry (who took this photograph) notes here, Anthony was a complex character; and god knows: we tangled in moments, as true brothers can. "But I loved him, and understood him better than I was sometimes willing to let on. But trouble fades; and family remains— with hands reached across the table. "Farewell, then, brother Anthony. I want to think the god your blessed mother (and mine) believed in has her there, waiting to receive you. At least for today, no one shall dissuade me from this vision." (sic) His cause of death has not been announced. Anthony was known to have struggled with long-term alcohol addiction and was reportedly homeless for many years. He was the eldest of Madonna's seven siblings who grew up in Michigan. In 1978, Madonna left to pursue a career in New York, while Anthony is understood to have remained in their home town. DON'T MISSAndrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long'[INSIGHT]Adele ‘set to marry this summer’ as she flaunts ring from Rich Paul[LATEST]Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlash[NEWS] Their mother, Madonna Ciccone, died at the age of 30 after a battle with breast cancer when they were young children. Anthony had become estranged from his family, telling Daily Mail in 2011: "I'm a zero in their eyes - a non-person. I'm an embarrassment. "If I froze to death, my family probably wouldn't know or care about it for six months." The publication then reported in 2017 that Anthony had become reconnected with his family after he completed a rehab programme.