Conor McGregor has broken his silence on his upcoming comeback fight against Michael Chandler. The Irishman has told fans to expect a ‘faster and more energetic’ version of himself when he returns to action. Earlier this month, UFC president Dana White confirmed that McGregor would be making his long-awaited return to the Octagon this year against Chandler. No date or venue has been confirmed as of yet but both men will have the chance to size each other up when they compete as coaches on the next season of the Ultimate Fighter. Besides a few posts online, McGregor has remained tight-lipped on the encounter but did briefly speak to The Mirror while leaving a meeting with Eddie Hearn in Dublin regarding his potential” involvement in fellow countrywoman Katie Taylor’s homecoming fight with Amanda Serrano. "I'm looking forward to it," he said. "I feel good, I feel energetic, I feel ready. I'm throwing up my high kicks faster than I'm throwing out my jab. So, I'm very excited to get back. [I fly to Vegas] tomorrow." Chandler has also expressed his excitement at the announcement in recent days. “Conor and I both start extremely fast,” Chandler told ESPN. “That cage door closes, Bruce Buffer announces us, that bell dings and we both try to meet in the centre of the octagon trying to make the other guy take a backwards step first. “Conor more in a larger, wider, take-up-more-space stance, to kind of project that domineering spirit of himself. Me more like a missile coming at you, making you feel my presence right away, I want to get my hands on you.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua sets retirement deadline ahead of Franklin clash Joshua lifts lid on what Usyk told him that set off infamous meltdown Wilder 'fielding offers' for Ngannou fight after Ruiz Jr development “If he lands one on the button, it’s going to be a rough night for me. If I land one on the button, it’s going to be a rough night for him, but which one of us can do it?” Chandler added. “I’m going to get in his face, make him take a backwards step right away. He’s going to feel my presence from the very beginning of the fight and then from there wherever the fight takes us. "If I want to pick him up and put him down, I can pick him up and put him down and put a beating on him and get a submission that way. I believe I finish Conor in the second round. That’s my ‘Mystic Mike’ take on this, later on this year whenever it is.”