Seven men - including suspected drug gang members and an alleged knife fiend - have been branded UK's "most wanted fugitives" as they remain on the loose. National Crime Agency has appealed for help to snag the men, who it is believed may have fled to Spain or the Canary Islands to hide from the law. The seven suspected crooks were part of a list of 13 men, issued by the agency last year, who in January 2022 were said to be on the run. Six of those have since been found and arrested, including Callum Halpin, 28, who was finally jailed this month for the murder of a dad in 2018. But the seven remain wanted, including Jack Mayle who is suspected of supplying MDMA, methylphenidate (a pharmaceutical drug) and diazepam. It is alleged Asim Naveed, 31, had a leading role in a highly organised crime group (OCG) in 2020. Using encrypted comms platform EncroChat, he is accused of acquiring large quantities of cocaine from upstream suppliers and onward distribution through Cardiff and Wales. It is estimated he and his OCG brought 46 kilos of cocaine into Wales during the period worth up to £7,885,680. Naveed has links to mainland Spain. He is Asian, 6ft 2in tall, of muscular build, and has a surgical scar along his left wrist. Calvin Parris, 33, is alleged to have been involved in conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. Parris is also alleged to be a customer of Naveed’s OCG, buying cocaine from it and selling it on within Cardiff. Parris is said to have used an Encro phone to strike deals with the OCG including once buying seven kilos of cocaine for £89,000. Parris last lived in Ely, Cardiff, but has links to Spain. South Wales Police says his alleged crimes happened between February 2020 and June 2020 He is black, 5ft 11in, of medium build, and has gold upper teeth. John James Jones, 32, is believed to be overseas, possibly in Ibiza or Spain. The man is wanted on suspicion of wounding with intent, Jones (and a co-accused) allegedly assaulted two people by stabbing them numerous times with a knife causing serious injuries in April 2018. It is believed Jones fled the UK in the immediate aftermath. There is information to show he stayed at a hotel in Madrid the night after the stabbings but left rapidly the next morning. Jones, who last lived in Aughton, Lancashire, is white, around 6ft tall, of stocky build, and has dark hair.  Jack Mayle Surrey Police believes Jack Mayle, 31, committed several offences over a period of nearly one year. It is alleged the man, born in Croydon, south London, has supplied MDMA, methylphenidate (a pharmaceutical drug) and diazepam. Mayle fled after being charged. He allegedly ran a drug line in south London and Surrey called the Flavour Quest. He allegedly worked with a dark web drug dealer buying and selling drugs between each other for onward sales through their respective drug networks selling LSD and various pharmaceutical medication. With links to Spain, Mayle is around 5ft 11 in tall and is muscular. He has a diamond tattoo under his left eye, and a tattoo on the outside of his left forearm that reads "Croydon". His left hand is tattooed with "Money never sleeps", "12-20" and a small heart. His right hand has an eye design tattoo with hands around it and word "Littles". On both hands, he has tattoos on his fingers reading "trap star". His neck is tattooed with warriors and religious figures on horses. He has a full back tattoo. He may have tried to alter his appearance. According to the NCA, Mayle is "known to carry weapons", he is a regular gym goer and a vegan.  Callum Michael Allan's alleged offending goes back to October 2017. Allan, now aged 24, is suspected of some twelve crimes, including possession with intent to supply Class A (heroin), supply Class A (cocaine), possession of cannabis, assaulting an emergency worker, affray and dangerous driving. On June 11, 2019 police raided a house suspected to be used for drugs deals. Allan fled and is alleged to have assaulted two officers who restrained him while in possession of 113.29 grams of heroin. Allan was charged and appeared at court in April 2020 where he was given unconditional bail and failed to return. His alleged offending spanned nearly two years. His last known address was in South Shields, Tyne and Wear, but Northumbria Police says he has links to Alicante and Marbella. Allan is around 182cms tall with fine hair, blue eyes, slim build and has a Tyneside accent. Mark Francis Roberts, 29, allegedly committed grievous bodily harm and the attempted robbery of a man’s £60,000 Richard Mille watch. The victim was attacked by two men with a blade at around 1.30am on September 30, 2016 after he parked his car on his home driveway. The victim refused to surrender his watch and was so badly injured he suffered life-threatening injuries and was treated in a critical care unit for puncture wounds, a collapsed lung and many lacerations. The victim heard one of the attackers say he’d cut himself in the attack, and Roberts’s blood was later identified at the scene. Roberts, who last lived in Fairfield, Liverpool, is white, 6ft 1in tall, and of medium build. He has a 7.6cm scar down his right leg, heavy eyebrows, he's right-handed, has green eyes and a potential scar on his arm obtained during the attempted robbery. Merseyside Police believe the man has links to Spain and Scotland.  Alex Male, 30, is suspected to have committed crimes between April 1, 2020 and June 30, 2020. It is said he was a regional distributor of drugs across the southwest of England, buying and selling drugs and managing other distributors who operated under his instruction using the EncroChat encrypted communications. He is accused of conspiracy to supply cocaine and ketamine, money laundering and conspiracy to acquire a firearm. Male is last known to have lived at an address in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, but South West Regional Organised Crime Unit says he has links to Spain, Portugal and Turkey. Born in Margate, Kent, Male is white, around 6ft tall, and stocky. Police say he has a full-sleeve tattoo on his left arm with a family tree. ‘Love’ is tattooed on his left hand along with a swallow and he has three stars tattooed on his left wrist. He has a full tribal sleeve tattoo on his right arm going onto his chest with an angel on his back and ‘live’ tattooed on his right hand. Male was arrested in Lisbon in May last year trying to fly to Turkey but in October, following a habeas corpus application to Portugal’s Supreme Court, release was authorised following the expiry of his custody time limit in the country. He remains wanted. Steve Reynolds, National Crime Agency (NCA) regional head in Spain, said: "Spain is immensely popular with British people who live and take holidays there, but it is not a safe haven for criminals. "The NCA’s International Crime Bureau and International Liaison Officers work with foreign law enforcement on behalf of UK police forces to track and arrest criminals wherever they are in the world. "It’s usual for fugitives to continue to commit crime while on the run and these men will be known in criminal circles wherever they are and some will be trying to blend into the large British communities for whom Spain is home. "You may know one of them from your town or village. Loyalties change over time and we urge anyone with information about these men to help us find them. "The UK and Spain have a very strong law enforcement partnership and day-in day-out we work together to protect the public. "This partnership has been crucial to many of the successes we have had so far in tracking down fugitives from justice in the UK." 