Eamonn Holmes, 63, has accused Princes Harry and William of causing embarrassment to King Charles. The Daily Express columnist added that he would never be able to behave the way Harry has within his own family. "If one of my brothers was sounding off, I know exactly what would happen," he exclaimed. "If I was sounding off about them, or they were about me, the phone would ring and it would be 'What the...?!' "In no uncertain terms, [they'd say] 'Sort yourself out, button your mouth, or else!' and that would be it!" he told Kaye Adams during an episode of her podcast, How To Be 60. Eamonn clarified: "I don't really understand this Will and Harry business - it's just so embarrassing for their father. "It's just, 'Sort it out, boys, for goodness sake!'" he groaned. Harry's popularity has dwindled in both the USA and the UK, according to polls, since major revelations were published in his book, Spare - and many believe he should have kept his lips sealed. Flying in the face of the Royal Family's "never complain, never explain" mantra, he has made countless accusations against brother William. Among those was a claim that he and wife Kate Middleton had jokingly encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform as a Halloween costume, telling him it would be a laugh. However, many royalists have raised their eyebrows at the suggestion, pointing out that Kate's maternal grandparents were Jewish. Harry maintains that donning the distasteful outfit, which featured a swastika logo on his arm, was "probably one of the biggest mistakes of my life". Yet some fans argue that, no matter whether or not he'd been egged on, he should take accountability for his own decisions, instead of blaming his brother. Harry also revealed in Spare that he'd had a distressing argument with William, during which he says he was pushed backwards, before landing in the dog's bowl. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [INTERVIEW] Anne Hathaway leaves little to the imagination in see-through dress [PICTURES] Amanda Holden cheekily flashes legs in skimpy pink skirt for birthday [BIRTHDAY]  According to his account, William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor" in an argument over his other half Meghan Markle. The alleged altercation took place at Kensington Palace back in 2019, while they discussed the rumours that had been published about Harry's wife. Harry also revealed that King Charles had apparently begged the pair in the past not to "make my final years a misery" with their rowing. Last month, he claimed that he'd been unable to have the candid conversations required to make things right in the family, due to fears his words could be leaked to the press. "Every single time I’ve tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife," he insisted on 60 Minutes. "I would like to get my father back, I would like to have my brother back [but] they’ve shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile." It is expected that Harry will be invited to his father's coronation in May. However, there is no news on whether or not he will attend following his bombshell revelations, about which the royals have remained totally tight-lipped.