The Tourist became the most watched drama of 2022 for the BBC. Launching to great fanfare on New Year’s Day it saw Dornan play Elliot Stanley, a Northern Irish man who woke up with amnesia in an Australian hospital. Throughout the six-part series he had to use what clues he had to discover his identity before his past caught up with him. It launched with 12 million viewers and holds the title as the most-watched series on BBC iPlayer. With popularity like that, it was only a matter of time before a second series was commissioned and details of the follow up have finally been revealed. Fans will be thrilled to learn series two will begin filming in Dublin this coming April. Producers have promised the off-beat thriller will continue with the same dark comedy that drew viewers in. READ MORE: Matt Hancock uses £320K from I'm A Celeb pay to set up TV company Season one was nominated for numerous awards winning several of them. It took home three awards from the prestigious Monte Carlo Television Awards. Cinematographer Ben Wheeler won the Best Cinematography in a Television Drama gong for his work on the show at the British Society of Cinematographers Awards. And Dornan’s co-star Danielle Macdonald who played Helen Chambers won the Breakthrough Award at the Edinburgh International television festival. Both Dornan and Macdonald have been enticed back and will reprise their roles. Taking place a year after their Australian adventure season two will see the pair travel to Ireland together. The plan is for Elliot to rediscover his roots following the car crash that left him with severe memory loss in season one. However, the duo find themselves dragged into the dangerous whirlwind of his past life. DON'T MISS: The Mandalorian season 3 episode count [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med’s Malia White admits she'd date another 'yachtie' [INSIGHT] Leading man Dornan is thrilled to be reprising the role and said: “I’m incredibly excited to continue the story with The Tourist. “I can’t wait for audiences to see how well Ireland and its characters are utilised to keep them guessing as the tale progresses.” Co-star Macdonald is also delighted to be back commenting: “I’m so excited to team up with Jamie again and return for another wild adventure with an amazing cast and crew. “Jack and Harry Williams are brilliant story tellers and it’s exciting to see what their minds will come up with next.”  Dublin is a popular destination for TV shows with many of the biggest hits of recent years shooting there. Apple TV’s huge hit Bad Sisters, written by and starring Sharon Horgan, was filmed and set around Co. Dublin. Normal People filmed a huge part of the show in the Irish capital particularly utilising the famous Trinity College as a location. And former Bond girl Jane Seymour is currently in the city filming the second season of her detective show Harry Wild.  Season one of the Tourist is available on the BBC iPlayer.