One troubled mum has taken to Mumsnet to express the anguish of her and her son, at the name she has given her four-year-old boy. The four-year-old has “cried” over his name, forcing her to dislike it too, and now she’s considering calling him something else.  Taking to the forum, she wrote: “My son (four) hates his name. He says it’s boring and he has actually cried about it. “He was named for my cousin and also has the same name as a close family member. He says he wants his name to be his own name and not somebody else’s.” She revealed her son’s name was “Jake”, the 45th most popular boys name in England and Wales according to the 2016 ONS baby name survey. “I also really don’t like his name, it isn’t anything awful (Jake). “It wasn’t my first choice and his dad decided on it, his dad is no longer in our lives and every time I say it I’m reminded of his dad.” “His name just seems to have bad connotations. I haven’t told son my feelings towards his name, I always assure him it’s HIS name and it’s lovely but it’s been over a year since he really started hating his name and it hasn’t changed. “I thought it was a typical kid thing but it really distressed him.” She posed to the forum whether she should refer to Jake by another name, and ask his school to do the same. READ MORE: Plastic surgeon explains why Jill Biden looks so amazing aged 71  “It wasn’t my first choice and his dad decided on it, his dad is no longer in our lives and every time I say it I’m reminded of his dad.” “His name just seems to have bad connotations. I haven’t told son my feelings towards his name, I always assure him it’s HIS name and it’s lovely but it’s been over a year since he really started hating his name and it hasn’t changed. “I thought it was a typical kid thing but it really distressed him.” She posed to the forum whether she should refer to Jake by another name, and ask his school to do the same. “Shall I put it as known as "Evan" so that he is called that at school and then if he sticks by this when he gets older we can legally change his name or shall I keep encouraging him to be called by his real name?” The MailOnline reported that the question sparked divided responses on the platform, with some encouraging the stressed mother to adopt Evan, while others believed she should stick with Jake. “Call him by the name he likes. See how it goes”, one user commented. “Can you change it to a name similar to Jake? Jacob? Jackson? If not, start calling him Evan and see how it goes. Lots of kids have nicknames”, another said. A third user said the mum should let her son take the plunge. “Let him change his name. He seems pretty set on it”, they said. "I had a friend who did this as a child, parents let her change it and then got it changed by deed poll for her 12th birthday. She never regretted it. Just put ‘known as Evan on the school stuff’.” The thread has now been deleted by the concerned mother.