Andy Murray has taken his family with him to Dubai as he gears up for his tennis return. It will be the Brit's first appearance since his heroic efforts at the Australian Open in Melbourne last month. The three-time Grand Slam champion spent a total of 13 hours on court in just three matches at Melbourne Park. He was handed a wildcard for the ongoing ATP 500 event in Rotterdam, but opted to continue training and prepare for the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships, which will commence on February 27. The 35-year-old is pleased with his practices ahead of his next tournament, especially after being accompanied to the Middle East by his family. “The kids are off this week, so they were able to come over,” he said, as quoted by The National. “It’s been part-training and part-holiday. “We went to the aquarium at The Atlantis, watched the fountains outside the Burj Khalifa, and went to Miracle Gardens, which was good. We may go to one of the waterparks, but the kids are just loving being on the beach and in the pool – they are more than happy with that. It’s been really good.” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu signs up to new mixed doubles event and picks familiar partner Murray will enter a strong field in Dubai, which includes Australian Open champion and world No.1 Novak Djokovic. The double Olympic gold medallist has been practising at the venue this week and said he is in good shape ahead of his bid for a second title at the event. “Practice has been brilliant,” the 2017 Dubai champion said. “The court was pretty much brand-new when we started, so I got some really good sessions in. The team here have been unbelievably helpful. It’s been great preparation for these next two weeks – I’ve loved it.” He added: “Everything has been super easy and smooth. The facilities are fantastic, great gyms – they’ve even got a gym just for the players to use now, which is really nice." The Brit made his debut at the tournament back in 2015 and defeated Roger Federer in the first round en route to making the last eight. At last year's event he reached the round of 16, losing in straight sets to Italy's Jannick Sinner. As Murray continues his bid to climb up the rankings, the world number 70 praised the Dubai tournament organisers and all those involved for the development of the event over the years. “The tournament has changed a lot since the first time I was here," he said. "I mean, the whole city has changed, but the tournament has evolved. With the hotel here onsite now, it is brilliant for the players; it’s so easy and convenient – you spend no time in cars, or traffic, or anything. You’re right here. “They always have brilliant food, great crowds, and lots of practice courts. I think the players have voted Dubai as one of the best ATP 500 events multiple times in the last 10 years or so, which says a lot. And each year the organisers keep improving it, so there’s really nothing to complain about.”