Former footballer and Walkers ambassador Lineker, surprised shoppers in London’s Old Spitalfields Market to celebrate the bouquets going on sale. The limited-edition 12-stem bouquets, made up of a dozen packs of crisps, give people more opportunities to win £100k for finding the UK’s “best” heart-shaped crisp. The bouquets are available in three varieties – Ready Salted Red, Salt and Vinegar Green, and a Cheese and Onion Blue – and are available to purchase until next Tuesday, February 14. It comes after research revealed over half (53 percent), of 2,000 adults polled, would prefer to receive their favourite snacks and crisps over cliché presents like chocolates and flowers. Gary Lineker, speaking on behalf of the brand, said: “As a lifelong advocate of crisps, this is a great way to share the love this Valentine’s Day. “Not only are you getting 12 packs of your favourite crisps, but you might also find the UK’s best heart-shaped crisp and bag yourself £100k – what’s not to love?” It also emerged 72 percent of adults believe food plays an important part within love and romance, according to the OnePoll data. And seven in ten would prefer a gift that was given some thought, rather than something that was expensive. Unluckily for one in ten, they’ve bought a gift their recipient didn’t like. The study also found 39 percent of those celebrating Valentine’s Day this year would be happy with the opportunity of potential big money winnings, by receiving a lottery ticket. A spokesman from Walkers added: “Through our hunt for the best heart-shaped crisp, we wanted to bring a little joy and levity to people’s lives to start the year – and what better way to continue that into February than with the launch of the limited-edition Valentine’s Day bouquets? “Through these bouquets and the wider competition, we want to share some of the love that we receive as the nation’s most-loved crisps – and give people the chance to win a life-changing prize while enjoying their favourite snack.”