BBC hit Happy Valley finally comes to an end this evening, bringing a close to the story of Tommy Lee Royce - beautifully played by James Norton. But what is next for the British heartthrob? He has previously been eyed for the role of James Bond, and since Daniel Craig stepped down from the series after No Time To Die, this could be Norton's golden opportunity. And his odds reflect that. Norton has recently had a massive bump in the ongoing Bond odds thanks to his appearance in Happy Valley. The 37-year-old has recently had his odds slashed drastically to 3/1 from Ladbrokes. This incredible improvement pushes him well past the likes of Tom Hardy, Regé-Jean Page and Aaron Taylor-Johnson. At the moment, he is in second place on the leaderboard, making him one of the frontrunners. And it's obvious that he has already been thinking about taking on the iconic suited-and-booted role. He previously spoke out about how he would change 007 for the better if he were cast in the role. However, he has one major obstacle if he wants to become Craig's replacement. Norton is only being beaten in the odds by one actor at the moment: Henry Cavill. The British star has been one of the biggest names rumbling around fans' mouths in recent months, and it's easy to see why. He has built a powerful career for himself by playing Superman and Geralt of Rivia in The Witcher. He even recalled getting through the audition process back in 2005 and going up against Craig. But he was turned down when his body didn't match the ideals of the role. He spoke candidly about how he was told he was "too chubby" for the role. Cavill himself admitted he "didn't know how to diet or train". DON'T MISS...Happy Valley's James Norton would bring 'cool' trait to James Bond [NEWS]Bond fans can snap up 'the most extensive collection' of 007 souvenirs [INFO]Next Bond odds – Aaron Taylor-Johnson's lead threatened in 007 race [INSIGHT] Cavill lost out to Craig, who - of course - went on to play Bond, James Bond for 15 years across five films. Now, he is the frontrunner to replace Craig, with an exceptional 5/2 from Ladbrokes. "Henry Cavill might edge the Bond betting for now," Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said. "But we'd be amazed if he isn't leapfrogged by James Norton after Happy Valley's finale on Sunday night." There are some major names elsewhere in the betting, however. Hardy is one of the biggest and is perhaps the favourite with fans. Hardy has a staggering 10/1 at the moment, placing him fifth in the list, but he has some work to do before he's anywhere near the front of the race. That may not happen, though, as he previously revealed he would "not talk about" the role. "If I mention it, it's gone," he cautiously said, inadvertently confirming his interest in the role. Still, he's neck-and-neck with another massive name: Bridgerton hunk, Regé-Jean Page. He has a not-insignificant 10/1, as well. Could he overtake the Dunkirk star? James Bond No Time To Die is available on Prime Video now.