This season of The Good Doctor has already seen Dr Shaun Murphy (played by Freddie Highmore) and his wife Lea Dilallo (Paige Spara) clash over their parenting styles ahead of the arrival of their firstborn. Their relationship will be tested yet again when a young patient suffering a stroke is brought in for surgery next time on the hit ABC drama. Shaun’s parenting skills will be put to the test when a three-year-old patient is brought to the St Bonaventure Emergency Room in episode 14. The next episode of season six, Hard Heart, will be airing in two weeks’ time on Monday, February 27. In the meantime, fans have been given some details about what to expect from the doctors’ next medical emergency. A synopsis for the episode reads: “When a three-year-old arrives at the ER, the team immediately recognizes he is having a stroke.” READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments “However, Dr Shaun Murphy’s diagnosis of the underlying cause doesn’t solve the problem which has Dr Alex Park (Will Yun Lee) search deeper.” The new trailer reveals Paige is already frustrated with the demands of parenting when Dr Aaron Glassman (Richard Schiff) comes around to baby-proof their home. Dr Glassman presents a parenting book he recommends she reads before she’s “exhausted”, to which Paige quips, “Already there!” Later, a young patient named Nathan is taken to see Dr Park after hitting his head two days previously. When he fails to give the doctor a high five, Dr Park gravely informs Nathan’s mother her son is having a stroke. The promo goes on to reveal the young patient bravely facing an MRI scan to determine the root cause. “We can fix the problem with an interesting brain surgery,” Shaun claims. However, the surgeons quickly determine Nathan’s haemorrhage wasn’t actually caused by his head injury. DON'T MISS:NCIS fans emotional as Parker’s past exposed [REACTION]Vikings Valhalla star ‘literally wept’ after wrapping season three [INTERVIEW]SWAT season 6 delayed in CBS shake-up [INSIGHT] A worried Shaun tells his colleagues: “This boy is even sicker than we thought.” Once the drama unfolds in two weeks’ time, viewers will eventually discover what has actually been causing Nathan’s problems. Moreover, his initial misdiagnosis could force Shaun to confront his shortcomings as both a doctor and a future parent. He and his wife Paige have already had to sit down for a serious conversation about their differing approaches to raising their child. If Shaun is now having trouble recognising problems in his young patients, he could come across similar issues with his own child. Thankfully, the baby appears to be healthy so far as Paige, Shaun and Glassman all felt them kick at the end of this week’s episode. Even so, The Good Doctor is infamous for throwing curveballs at its medical residents, and the impending birth could come with its fair share of problems for the new parents. The Good Doctor season 6 continues Monday, February 27th on ABC. A UK release date is yet to be announced.