Although EE is renowned for being one of the best and fastest networks in the UK it's also one of the most expensive. The BT-owned firm usually charges a pretty high price for accessing its services but that's all just changed. Those who already own their Android or iPhone devices - or who have just finished their pay monthly contract - can currently take advantage of a pretty epic discount which is offering 5G data, unlimited texts and calls for half the usual price. That means a SIM can be popped into phones for just £14 per month with this deal even including totally unlimited data. With no cap, users can stream endless movies, music and boxsets without facing any additional charges. The only thing to be aware of is that this deal only allows 5G speeds up to 100Mbps. That's plenty fast enough to stream movies on the move but it doesn't supply the full power of this latest network technology. Those wanting to go even faster can switch things up to EE's more premium plan which not only offers downloads at the maximum speeds possible (over 300Mbps) but also includes 1 inclusive extra. This allows users to pick a service, such as Netflix, BT Sport, Roam Abroad or Xbox Ultimate and not pay anything extra. This SIM is currently just £18 per month which is half the usual price. These are definitely discounts worth considering although the 50 percent off only lasts for 6 months before rising back to the standard price. If that hasn't put you off and you're considering making the switch to EE here are the new SIM deals, what is included and how much you will pay each month. EE UNLIMITED PLAN - SPEED CAP PRICE: £14 per monthINCLUDES: Unlimited data, unlimited calls and unlimited textSPEED CAP: YESCONTRACT: 24 months • First 6 months half price then pay £28SEE THE DEAL HERE EE UNLIMITED PLAN - NO CAP PRICE: £18 per monthINCLUDES: Unlimited data, unlimited calls and unlimited textsEXTRAS: Gift data to family • One benefit included such as Netflix or BT SportSPEED CAP: NO - Max 5G speeds availableCONTRACT: 24 months • First 6 months half price then pay £36SEE THE DEAL HERE