The BBC has been urged to investigate after Gina Miller claimed that Dominic Raab swore at a young staff member. The prominent anti-Brexit activist claimed that she saw Mr Raab tell the man to “go get me a f***ing car”. The alleged incident took place after Ms Miller and Mr Raab appeared together on the Radio 4 Today show in 2016. She accused Mr Raab of "bullying" and "demeaning" behaviour, claiming the Deputy Prime Minister launched an "abusive attack" on her. Ms Miller claimed he called her “stupid” and “naive” during the “aggressive” encounter at the BBC. Her claims are the first on the record accusations of abuse against Mr Raab. The Deputy Prime Minister is under investigation by senior lawyer Adam Tolley KC with reports at least 24 civil servants are involved in formal complaints against him. The complaints span his time at the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Defence and the Department for Exiting the European Union. Mr Raab denies allegations of bullying. Rishi Sunak, who sacked Nadhim Zahawi as Tory chairman following a row over his tax affairs, has so far resisted pressure to suspend Mr Raab.  Writing in the Independent, Ms Miller claimed: "He was aggressive and intimidating, and I was bullied and demeaned. "This was an aggressive male expressing seemingly misogynistic behaviour. "This sort of behaviour is not acceptable from anyone, especially not from a powerful, influential politician." The encounter, Ms Miller claimed, took place as they shared a lift following a joint appearance on the BBC’s Today programme. Mr Miller claimed that Mr Raab stared at her and said: "I can’t make up my mind if you’re naive, got too much money or just stupid. "Just because you have deep pockets and friends in high legal places you think you can just go to court to stop the will of the people." She claimed that, just moments later, Mr Raab "barked" at a young BBC employee: "Where’s my car?" When the young employee said they had not been asked to arrange one for him, a "furious" Mr Raab is claimed to have shouted: "Go get me a f***ing car." DON'T MISS: Sturgeon skewered over 'discredited' £1.3bn council plan [REACTION] Sadiq Khan confronted by heckler furious at ULEZ expansion [REPORT] Boris eyes comeback as MP to 'come out guns blazing' on Brexit deal [INSIGHT] Ms Miller claimed: "The young man was shaking, I was even more shocked." Daisy Cooper, Deputy Leader of the Lib Dems, said: “In light of these new allegations, the BBC must investigate the incident and give support to the young staffer. “If true, the individual should be encouraged to come forward and give evidence to the Tolley Inquiry. “Liberal Democrats believe that bullying and harassment have no place in our society, especially not at the hands of those entrusted with the rule of law.” Ms Miller said Mr Sunak should "start showing courage, decisiveness and principles" and suspend Mr Raab awaiting the outcome of the investigation. The Prime Minister is under increasing pressure to explain if he knew of allegations against Mr Raab before he appointed him to the cabinet. No 10 has only ruled out that Mr Sunak was aware of “formal complaints". A source close to Mr Raab told the Daily Express: "These are baseless and malicious claims, timed to jump on a political bandwagon and give Gina Miller the publicity she craves." The BBC has been contacted for comment.