Valentine’s Day is a time for feeling and sharing love, but who is the luckiest star sign when it comes to romance? Inbaal Honigman, celebrity psychic and astrologer has analysed each sign's attitude and reputation to find out. “Each sign has its own way of approaching love - devoted or aloof, romantic or sarcastic,” Inbaal said. “Every sign has its match, but some find it much easier to create, and then sustain a relationship. “Water signs are hopeless romantics; Cancer, Scorpio and Pisces are signs that just love to love, and they don't really like being single. “Air signs are intellectuals; Gemini, Libra and Aquarius think of love as a concept. They can be loyal and faithful but could appear emotionally detached. “Fire signs are about physical love; Aries, Leo and Sagittarius love to move fast and feel alive. Their love style is intense and can be over in a heartbeat. “Earth signs keep people in their hearts; Taurus, Virgo and Capricorn are stable, solid signs that prefer a love that lasts and lasts,” she added. But who is the luckiest? Taurus appears to take the crown. READ MORE: The four star signs most likely to be really, really rich Ruled by Mars, the planet of passion, Aries are magnetic to others, sometimes for all the wrong reasons. They're lucky in getting dates, and always have attention from the object of their desire, but those born under the sign of the Ram struggle to keep the love alive, because they're active and busy, and may be tempted by someone else. Luck in love: 45 percent Perfect match: Scorpio will match their fiery vibe. Ruled by Venus, the planet of love, Taureans have a lot to offer for new partners. They can cook, they can hug and they've got great taste in movies. Those born under the sign of the Bull are never alone. They love a love that lasts and lasts, as they're a very calm and patient sign, so they won't get annoyed with their partner's little quirks. Luck in love: 95 percent Perfect match: Libra loves having a stable partner. Ruled by Mercury, the planet of communication, Geminis can charm the birds off the trees with their prize-winning chat. They're the life and soul of the party, and so those born under the sign of the Twins are never alone. Maintaining a relationship is hard for them because not many can follow the hectic pace of their lives. Luck in love: 65 percent Perfect match: Sagittarius are similarly free-spirited. DON'T MISS...McDonald's announces fan-favourite item is returning to menus [NEWS]Princess Kate ‘parents Prince Louis perfectly’ [COMMENT]Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required [EXCLUSIVE] Ruled by the Moon, which is dreamy and changeable, Cancerians live and breathe romance. Idealistic in their love, those born under the sign of the Crab expect a fairy tale romance and nothing less. For the right person, they'll cross oceans and tolerate plagues. For the wrong person, they'll cry. Luck in love: 80 percent Perfect match: Pisces are also hopelessly romantic. Ruled by the Sun, which is proud and regal, Leos can give their partner their all, but it's got to be the right person. Generous and kind, those born under the sign of the Lion attract everyone. They have a list of qualities they won't compromise on, so if they feel that the relationship isn't working, they're gone. Luck in love: 75 percent Perfect match: Capricorn is also focused and direct. Ruled by Mercury, the planet of communication, Virgos like a neat and tidy life, and enjoy being coupled up. Attentive and giving, those born under the sign of the Virgin are everyone's ideal partner. They are attractive to all personality types and are loyal as well. Luck in love: 85 percent Perfect match: Aquarius is also faithful, and is the creative yin to the Virgo's organised yang. READ MORE: February 2023 horoscope - what’s in store for each star sign Ruled by Venus, the planet of love, Libras are elegance personified. Friendly and personable, those born under the sign of the Scales never struggle to get a date. They take great care of their appearance and expect a partner to do the same. They feel comfortable getting to know one person and won't stray. Luck in love: 90 percent Perfect match: Taurus is exactly as stable as they need. Ruled by Pluto, planet of transformation, Scorpios bring uniqueness and mystery to the relationship. Passionate and tactile, those born under the sign of the Scorpion listen to their gut when it comes to love. Everyone can feel their intense vibe, but only a few can handle them. Emotionally volatile, they find long relationships tricky. Luck in love: 60 percent Perfect match: Aries has no problem accepting the Scorpio just as they are. Ruled by Jupiter, the planet of expansion, Sagittarians are the free-spirited, laugh-a-minute, party animals of the zodiac. With a zest for life, those born under the sign of the Archer are a joy for some and exhausting for others. They do not love commitment, however, and they can't stand to be suffocated. Luck in love: 55 percent Perfect match: Gemini won't ask them for anything they can't give Ruled by Venus, the planet of love, Libras are elegance personified. Friendly and personable, those born under the sign of the Scales never struggle to get a date. They take great care of their appearance and expect a partner to do the same. They feel comfortable getting to know one person and won't stray. Luck in love: 90 percent Perfect match: Taurus is exactly as stable as they need. Ruled by Pluto, planet of transformation, Scorpios bring uniqueness and mystery to the relationship. Passionate and tactile, those born under the sign of the Scorpion listen to their gut when it comes to love. Everyone can feel their intense vibe, but only a few can handle them. Emotionally volatile, they find long relationships tricky. Luck in love: 60 percent Perfect match: Aries has no problem accepting the Scorpio just as they are. Ruled by Jupiter, the planet of expansion, Sagittarians are the free-spirited, laugh-a-minute, party animals of the zodiac. With a zest for life, those born under the sign of the Archer are a joy for some and exhausting for others. They do not love commitment, however, and they can't stand to be suffocated. Luck in love: 55 percent Perfect match: Gemini won't ask them for anything they can't give Ruled by Saturn, the planet of karma, Capricorns are good-looking, clever and wealthy. As they focus primarily on their work, those born under the sign of the Sea-goat leave no time for frivolity. They'll date people who are interesting to them, but they don't mind being single. Luck in love: 50 percent Perfect match: Leo can be the perfect partner that Capricorn desires. Ruled by Uranus, the planet of rebellion, Aquarians are the ideas people, faithful, loyal and smart. With a strong humanitarian streak, those born under the sign of the Water-bearer are wise beyond their years. They begin a relationship as if it is a 30-year marriage, so they miss out on the initial exciting stage. Luck in love: 40 percent Perfect match: Virgo doesn't ask for excitement but loyalty, which is what they'll get from Aquarius. Ruled by Neptune, the planet of dreams, Pisceans are highly romantic and turn every aspect of life into a walking, talking fantasy. Affectionate and selfless, those born under the sign of the fish will do anything for love. They'll give anyone a second chance, and often a third. Luck in love: 70 percent Perfect match: Cancer is more than deserving of a Pisces' undying love." Research commissioned by psychicworld.com.