Schools in multiple US towns were placed under lockdown on Wednesday morning following a series of unconfirmed threats of an active shooter in the county. Police are actively investigating reports of an active shooter at a high school in Boulder, Colorado, and similiar unconfirmed threats made to other schools across the county, including in Aspen, Brighton, Canon City, and Alamosa. No victims have been reported. Police were investigating reports of a person with a gun near the school building at Boulder High School. Boulder High School was on lockdown for much of the morning and there was a heavy police presence around the school, according to local news station Denver 7. In an updated post on Twitter, Boulder Police Department said: "We are currently lifting the shelter in place order but we are still clearing the school. Thankfully we still have NO confirmed reports of any injuries. Please continue to avoid the area as you will see a continued police presence here for several hours." The Aspen Police Department has said that their students are safe and buildings secure. The Brighton Police Department tweeted that officers had “found NO credible threat to students or the surrounding community” and had lifted secure status before 9.45am local time. The Canon City Police Department posted on Facebook that “early indications are that this was a false report” but added that officers, along with the assistance of other agencies, continued to investigate and assess the validity of the threat. In a statement, Alamosa School District Superintendent Diana Jones said dispatch received a call from an unknown number at 8.24am local time reporting a threat of an armed individual at Ortega Middle School but police responded and lifted the lockdown within minutes. In a press conference, Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold said: "More than 200 students have been evacuated from Boulder High School." "We got there in three minutes. Officers made a 'dynamic entry' into the school", the police chief continued, adding that "we went systematically through every room on every floor". It's unclear whether the threat to multiple schools came from the same person but "we are tracking that",  Maris said.  Mass school shootings weighly heavily on the public consciousness in the US, especially after the Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, last year, which left 19 children and two teachers dead. During that tragic episode, over an hour passed from the time officers followed the 18-year-old gunman into the school and when they finally entered the fourth-grade classroom where he was holed up and killed him. Meanwhile, students trapped inside repeatedly called 911 and parents outside the school begged officers to go in.