Queen Camilla, 75, and King Charles, 74, hosted a poignant reception at Buckingham Palace tonight. Celebrating British East and South-East Asian communities at Buckingham Palace, the reception took place shortly after Lunar New Year.  The holiday began as a time for feasting and honouring household and heavenly deities, as well as ancestors. Guests at the reception this evening included representatives of the Armed Forces, the Arts, Media, Fashion, Business, Government, Finance, Healthcare, Faith organisations and charities.  Queen Camilla stunned in a funky velvet green dress with a green print, which she wore over some trousers. The dress is described as a "tunic top" and was designed by Anna Valentine, one of the Queen Consort's favourite designers. READ MORE: Princess Anne is 'very slender' but she 'avoids fad diets' Anna Valentine is oftentimes the designer credited with changing Camilla's image, beginning with her wedding dress in 2005. Queen Camilla's trousers are described as "palazzo pants", and are perfect for the winter months. To accessorise, the Queen Consort wore a gold choker-style necklace that was incredibly shiny. She opted for a glamorous amount of makeup, with a touch of blush and her platinum blonde locks were styled in an impeccable blow-dry.    She also accessorised with one of her favourite bracelets - her Van Cleef and Arpels’ signature Magic Alhambra bracelet. Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox has spoken to Express.co.uk about Camilla's love of Van Cleef and Arpels' jewellery. She said: "Queen Camilla is very fond of the brand. In fact, before King Charles’ accession, she already owned a splendid collection.  "Her favourite set is Van Cleef and Arpels’ signature Magic Alhambra collection.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Doria Ragland enjoy 'yoga retreat in Goa' "Frequently seen with her blue and gold Alhambra bracelet, the emotional value the jewellery holds to the British Queen is unclear. "However, it is very clear she is head over heels for the brand." Elsewhere, a beaming Charles, sporting a royal blue suit and matching check tie with a crisp white shirt, greeted his guests. Princess Anne and her youngest brother Prince Edward also attended the occasion, dressed in all their finery. Earlier today, the Queen Consort looked chic as she hosted a reception for the Canadian Armed Forces at Buckingham Palace. Camilla met the members of the Queen's Own Rifles of Canada and was presented with the Canadian Forces' Decoration by Brigadier-General Dwayne Parsons. For the occasion, she donned an elegant dark green wool dress with a pleated skirt which she paired with black heels. She accessorised with chic pearl earrings and a lavish gold brooch which she clipped to her lapel. 