Sarah Ferguson has shared a photo from a recent wintry trip on her official Instagram a week after Princess Eugenie's exciting baby news. The ex-wife of Prince Andrew was recently in Norway with the couple's two daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie and their husbands. The 63-year-old, who was in Tennessee last week for Lisa Marie Presley's funeral, shared a wintery photo of her on her trip to her almost half-a-million followers. In the photo, Sarah is seen against a backdrop of ancient buildings, holding her Little Red doll. The caption read: "I take Little Red wherever I go! Our next, exciting journey is always just around the corner! Visit the link in my bio to shop my books to discover more Little Red adventures." READ MORE: Prince Andrew advised by Queen Elizabeth to take on charity work in bid to clear name Last week, Princess Eugenie shared news that she is expecting her second child. Sarah and Prince Andrew's youngest daughter is already mother to a two-year-old son named August, who she shares with her husband Jack Brooksbank. The 32-year-old shared news of her pregnancy via her Instagram account. She wrote: "We're so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer". Eugenie wrote the caption under a sweet photo of her beaming as her young son kisses her growing baby bump. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s sweet response to a fan who nervously asked for a selfie in Leeds As well as commenting the words, "granny heaven", along with a red heart emoji under Eugenie's photo, Sarah also shared her own post, excitedly expressing her delight at the forthcoming birth of her third grandchild. Sarah's post showed Eugenie's son walking away from the camera, with the caption: "You will be sharing puddles, Augie! Superb news, Granny heaven.... so deeply grateful." The following day, Sarah also shared a sweet photo of herself with Eugenie, captioning this with a simple, "So happy for my girlie". DON'T MISS Harry out for 'revenge' as he launches new 24-page report with Meghan [INSIGHT]Kate releases powerful animation to promote campaign close to heart [ANALYSIS]Prince Louis’ £8,000 gift from Harry paid tribute to Diana [REPORT] Sarah and Prince Andrew's eldest daughter, Beatrice is a mother to a one-year-old daughter named Sienna. Both daughters became first-time parents in 2021. Eugenie welcomed her first child in February 2021, whilst Beatrice welcomed her daughter, who shares with husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, in the September 2021. Beatrice's husband also has a son from a previous relationship.