The six-part series is coming to Sky Max and NOW on February 9 and it is set in the height of the swinging 60s. Barbara Parker has been crowned Miss Blackpool and she is determined to make it in the world of TV comedy. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Barbara has been crowned beauty queen but she has big dreams of becoming a comedy superstar. She moves to London, finding solace in a loveable comedy troupe. The star of the show is played by Gemma Arterton, a 37-year-old English actress and producer. She is mostly known for her theatre roles but is also known for starring in the films St Trinian's and Quantum of Solace. Marie is Barbara's aunt who does not understand why Barbara is leaving Blackpool for London. She is played by Rosie Cavaliero, a 55-year-old English actress who was born in Brazil. The star is known for her roles in Black Narcissus, Worzel Gummidge, Gentleman Jack and Death in Paradise. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending Clive is part of Barbara's comedy troupe and he is reluctant to trust Barbara when she is first introduced. He is played by Tom Bateman, a 33-year-old British actor best known for Da Vinci's Demons. He is also recognised for the films Murder on the Orient Express and Death on the Nile. Ted is a powerful man who works in the entertainment industry and he has the ability to make or break Barbara's career. He is played by Alistair Petrie, a 52-year-old actor who viewers will recognise as Mr Groff in Sex Education. The star has also featured in The Night Manager, Utopia, Sherlock and Undercover. Dennis is a producer who takes a liking to Barbara and wants to give her a chance. He is played by Arsher Ali, a 38-year-old actor who has worked with the Royal Shakespeare Company. In terms of his TV roles, he has featured in Cold Courage, Beaver Falls and Silent Witness.  Diane is a journalist who is the first person to interview Barbara, and the pair go on to become good friends. Clare-Hope Ashitey told Radio Times of her new role: "She is doggedly pursuing her career; meeting and challenging the barriers thrown up in front of her." She has previously starred in Riviera, Doctor Who, Death in Paradise and Seven Seconds. DON'T MISS... The Last of Us' heartbreaking Bill and Frank episode bags HBO recordHouse of the Dragon season 2 release: Filming date confirmedThe Last of Us welcomes Yellowjackets star Melanie Lynskey this week Brian is a theatrical agent helping Barbara make it big in the world of showbusiness. He is played by Rupert Everett, a 63-year-old actor, director and producer. The star is known for his film roles in Another Country and St Trinian's.  Marjorie works in the same department as Barbara and she is one of her first friends. She is played by Alexa Davies, a 27-year-old Welsh actress known for Raised by Wolves and Cradle to Grave. The star may also be recognised as young Rosie in Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again. Bill is part of the behind-the-scenes team on Dennis's radio show as well as Barbara's new sitcom. He is played by Matthew Beard, a 33-year-old actor and model known for And When Did You Last See Your Father? He has also starred in An Education, The Imitation Game, and The Party's Just Beginning.  Tony is one of the other writers on the new comedy project and he warms to Barbara immediately. He is played by Leo Bill, a 42-year-old actor best known for The Living and the Dead. Viewers may have also seen him in The Fall, Alice in Wonderland and Taboo.  George is Barbara's father who has raised her by himself and he is fully supportive of her career. He is played by David Threlfall, a stage and film actor and director. His most notable role is as Frank Gallagher in the Channel 4 series Shameless. His other credits include The Ark and Code of a Killer.  Funny Woman airs on Sky Max and NOW from February 9