Death In Paradise star Joséphine Jobert, 37, has been branded the "heart" of the show following her BBC exit, with many fans calling her her return. Meanwhile, the former BBC actress has taken to Instagram to share a very "frustrating" health issue that has left her unable to exercise. Joséphine opened up on her health to her 105,000 Instagram followers, alongside a blurred selfie. She captioned the picture: "Not too much to post and share right now. "I have foot pain so I can't really exercise (so frustrating!) I work on my projects and don't go out much. "So I read and shared your sweet messages and I noticed that you enjoy so many replays (of Death in Paradise and other French series). That's so cool! "And know that I'm not far and that everyone is fine." READ MORE: Martin Lewis gushes about special anniversary for 'baby' The actress, who played DS Florence Cassell, made her exit from the fictional island of St Marie last year. The DS was forced to leave the island for her own safety after taking on an undercover assignment. Joséphine recently shared a gushing comment about her time on Death in Paradise in the form of a fan message. Taking to her Instagram stories today, social media user, Rudi, penned: "Dear Josephine, I miss you on the new season of Death In Paradise. "You were the heart of the series which I really love watching. I hope so much you will return." They signed: "Kind regards from Bavaria, Germany. Rudi." Joséphine shared her response with her 105,000 followers as she simply typed: "Thank you." This is not the first time Joséphine has spoken out about her departure from the BBC series, talking to HELLO! last year. She said: "I already left in series eight, I thought it would be for good, honestly, I thought, 'I'm done.' "Then they asked me back for series ten and I was like, 'Hmmm I don’t know, okay I'm going to do it.' DON'T MISS... Jeremy Paxman attends A&E three times in 24 hours after 'chair attack' [LATEST] Jude Law's ex Sadie Frost 'happier’ as she avoids hectic celeb life [INSIGHT] Lily Rose Depp baffles fans with homage to dad Johnny's ex Kate Moss [PICS] "But I knew it wouldn't be forever, I knew it. How long, I didn't know. I had an idea but I wasn't sure." Josephine added: "Series ten was so good and we ended the series on a big cliffhanger between Neville and Florence. "But I couldn't come back, it would have been unfair… but I knew it would be just four episodes, to finish the story between the two characters and to be fair to the audience and respect them and that they follow the series… I couldn't just leave like that." Joséphine's character decided she needed to move away for a fresh start, leaving Neville Parker, played by Ralf Little, absolutely devastated. Tahj Miles who plays Marlon Pryce has, however, hinted that "the door is always open" for Florence. He previously told Express.co.uk: "Of course, Florence, I love Josephine Jobert. She is amazing. I would love for her to come back. "There are so many characters...even Sara Martins in series 10 as Camille was a lot of fun. "There is a lot of space for any of them to return, the door is always open." You can watch Death In Paradise on BBC One on Friday at 9pm.