Leeds United could reportedly move to appoint Steven Gerrard as their new manager after suffering a frustrating start to the search for Jesse Marsch's successor. The Whites have been rejected three times so far and are entering the second week of their managerial hunt. Marsch was sacked on Monday after just two wins in 17 Premier League games has left Leeds in a relegation scrap for the second successive season. Michael Skubala took interim charge with the help of Chris Armas and Paco Gallardo for Wednesday's impressive 2-2 draw against Manchester United at Old Trafford. And the trio will be in the dugout again for Sunday's reverse fixture at Elland Road, a fixture Leeds would have originally liked their new manager to take charge of at the start of the week. However, that hasn't happened amid a troublesome process that has seen the club's first three choices evade them. Feyenoord's Arne Slot became the latest coach to reject the job on Friday, following West Bromwich Albion's Carlos Corberan and Rayo Vallecano's Andoni Iraola. READ MORE: Sir Jim Ratcliffe 'sets maximum price' he'll pay for Man Utd It has led Gerrard and his assistant Gary McAllister, linked with the job before Marcelo Bielsa's appointment in 2018, to return to the frame. Unlike the trio above, Gerrard and McAllister are available after being sacked by Aston Villa in October. According to the Mirror, Leeds are considering an approach to hand the pair the task of steering the club away from relegation. McAllister was a member of Howard Wilkinson's 1992 Championship-winning side and would likely be a welcome returnee to Elland Road. The Leeds hierarchy discussed him in particular as the club aims to unite the fanbase and avoid a disastrous drop into the Championship. DON'T MISS Chelsea's Felix shines but Mount's future in doubt after West Ham drawMan knocked out by one punch outside West Ham vs Chelsea clashChelsea boss Graham Potter has dropped another clear Aubameyang hint Shareholders 49ers Enterprises plan to complete a takeover in West Yorkshire this summer, but relegation would plunge it into serious doubt. Gerrard and McAllister would likely thrive on the opportunity to maintain Leeds' status as a top-flight club just three seasons after their return. The report adds Gerrard is 'desperate' to prove himself in the Premier League after his disappointing stint in charge of Villa. Many touted him as Jurgen Klopp's natural successor at Liverpool after he won the Scottish Premiership with Rangers, but his reputation has taken a hit since. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here