On Monday night, the remaining Love Island contestants took part in the fan-favourite task: Snog, Marry or Pie. Due to the drama between Casey O’Gorman and his former partner Claudia Fogarty, the girls in the villa stood up for their friend and took revenge on the 26-year-old. Although Casey was floored when some of the boys also seemed to side with Claudia. Since bombshell Rosie Seabrook entered the villa last week, it’s caused tension between Casey and Claudia after he was chosen to be in a new couple with her.Admitting he wanted to get to know the new arrival, Claudia was less than impressed as she cried to her female friends about having to see them share a bed.With Casey clearly taking a liking to the newbie, Claudia has been less than impressed over the last few days and took out her frustrations during Monday’s challenge.As many of the other girls also gave Casey a face full of cream pie for hurting their friend, when it was the boys' turn to pick, some chose to make Claudia feel better by either choosing to marry or snog her. READ MORE:Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV Two of which included Casey’s closest friends in the villa, Tom Clare and Will Young, which didn’t go unnoticed as he spoke to the two men later that evening.Explaining how he didn’t feel backed by them during the challenge, both islanders apologised to their friend for making him feel that way as they assured him they do.Although the conversation seemed over and done with, Will’s partner Jessie Wynter decide to get involved in the situation the followinhg day, causing the duo to butt heads in tonight's upcoming episode.As Will explains how Casey didn’t feel backed by them, Jessie replies: “It’s a little bit disappointing Casey sees it that way, to be honest, I can understand why he would feel that way but it’s a bit of a stretch.” Will explains: “I said, ‘I’m sorry that you feel that way, my intentions were never to hurt you, they were to make sure that Claudia is ok.’”Later on, the Australian bombshell decides to pull Casey for a chat to make sure he is ok following her conversation with Will.She goes on to say: “The boys weren’t trying to not stick up for you, they were just trying to console Claudia.”Casey responds: “The boys have apologised to me so it’s fine.” DON'T MISS... Love Island viewers rush to defend Casey over love triangle chaos [REACTION] Coronation Street fans ‘fuming’ as Carla Connor makes Stephen u-turn [SOAP] Tom Daley’s appearance distracts The One Show fans [VIDEO] Jessie says: “I’m going to be honest, I don’t think that they needed to apologise.”Although Casey is stumped about why Jessie is deciding to get involved in a situation that is to do with him, Will and Tom.Jessie says: “Because I feel bad for Will because I saw how upset he got about you being surprised at him.”Casey responds: “I really don’t understand why you’re getting involved in this, it’s really got nothing to do with you. I’ve literally been through this with everyone, I don't need to go through it with you.” The situation between the duo escalates as he overhears his name in a conversation with Will and Jessie in bed.Frustrated, Casey snaps: “Get a life Jessie.” before Will interjects: “It wasn’t about you.”Casey replies: “I heard my name.”Will Casey’s conflict with Jessie affect his friendship with Will as he gets put in the middle?Love Island continues weekdays on ITV1 and ITVX from 9pm.