A rapist has finally been convicted after accusing his identical twin brother of two offences. Kevin Michael Konther was convicted earlier this week over two rape offences in the 1990s. Orange County jurors found him guilty of raping a nine-year-old girl in 1995 and a 32-year-old woman in 1998.  The 57-year-old was also convicted of molesting his ex-girlfriend's 12-year-old daughter. DNA evidence linked Konther and his twin brother to the two offences in 2019. The pair were arrested in January of that year, Fox News has claimed. Orange County District Attorney Todd Spitzer said: "Without the advances in DNA technology, we may have never been able to solve this case. JUST IN: Video shows student Madison Brooks, 19, arguing in car after she was allegedly raped "But because of DNA and the persistent pursuit of justice by the Orange County Sheriff’s Department and the Orange District Attorney’s Office, this monster has a name – and his name is Kevin Konther." Covert recorded conversations were staged between the two brothers following the arrests. The convicted twin reportedly made incriminating statements and even admissions of guilt. His rape of a nine-year-old girl in 1995 took place in Serrano Creek Park in Lake Forest, California. READ MORE: Horrible moment thief ploughs huge car into shop before looting cartons of cigarettes A naked Konther jumped out of the bushes and raped a jogger in Mission Viejo, California three years later. DNA collected from the crime scene matched the DNA collected from the scene involving the 9-year-old victim. Konther was later convicted of molesting his ex-partner's daughter between 1999 and 2003. Speaking about the cases in question, Spitzer said: "What monster jumps out of the bushes to rape an innocent little girl and then forces her to walk home naked while this child desperately tries to cover herself with anything she can until she can get home to the safety of her mother’s arms? DON'T MISS US makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation' [REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] "And when he doesn’t get caught he pulls another jogger into the bushes and rapes her. "And when he doesn’t get caught again, he preys on an innocent young girl who has no choice but to be in the same house as him." Konther could face 140 years to life in Prison and will be sentenced in March. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews