A Place in the Sun fave Jonnie Irwin was tragically diagnosed with terminal lung cancer, which has since spread to his brain. The 49-year-old has been breathing doses of pure oxygen in a specially created hyperbaric chamber in a bid to curb his condition - a therapy that is even said to help with sight loss. The increase in air pressure found in the chamber allows the lungs to be exposed to more air than they would take in, under normal circumstances. Pure oxygen is believed by some scientists to increase the effectiveness of chemo and radiotherapy, as it makes cancer cells easier to eliminate. The high oxygen levels are also said to activate the body's healing process, which is much-needed after the battering Jonnie's health has received in recent weeks. Though not all agree it's effective, the former TV host was feeling optimistic as he posted footage of himself on the way to a Newcastle treatment centre. He captioned: "And at the end of this walk... is this," as she shared a photo of his zip-up portable oxygen chamber. Some swear by the therapy to treat a wide range of ailments, including decompression sickness, which is commonly suffered by scuba divers. It also acts on anaemia, brain abscesses, carbon monoxide poisoning, gangrene and even loss of sight and hearing. Jonnie is hoping that he will have the chance to enjoy a longer and better quality of life with his wife Jessica and their three young children as a result of the treatment. Only three weeks earlier, he had been enjoying an emotional get-together with them and various other relatives in the Lake District. It was a stone's throw from home in comparison to some of the exotic trips he took to pitch properties to clients in the past, but nonetheless he enjoyed the break very much. Speaking from the picturesque Lake Windermere, he told followers: "Today out in the fresh air was what we all needed. "How I’d love to be up on those fells but staying low around the waterfalls with the family was wonderful in a different way. #thelakes." DON'T MISS... Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [INTERVIEW] Anne Hathaway leaves little to the imagination in see-through dress [PICTURES] Amanda Holden cheekily flashes legs in skimpy pink skirt for birthday [BIRTHDAY]  Jonnie has been battling fears that his children - three-year-old son, Rex, plus two-year-old twins Rafa and Cormac - won't remember him after his death, due to their tender ages. However, he has been working on building a digital memory bank with archive photos for family to keep when he's no longer around. In a recent interview, he also shared his concerns about leaving his wife behind and the prospect of her remarrying. "In a selfless way I want her to find someone else eventually and have some support, but at the same time, I don’t. It breaks my heart," he lamented. Although he says it's inevitable that she will find love again, he admits he is devastated. "Jess is not the sort to go on a dating app and in a perfect world I suppose she will meet a divorcé dad or someone who has lost their partner," he continued to The Sun. He tugged on readers' heartstrings when he added sadly: "It’s not my business, I guess. That’s her life, as much as it hurts me to think this way." In the meantime, he is focusing on positivity and optimism as he enjoys the countryside as often as possible with the family.