Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, romantic life dominates Hollywood, with the actor's most recent serious relationship being with Camila Morrone, 25. It has now been reported Leo and Gigi Hadid, 27, have officially moved on from their brief romance, with claims the relationship naturally "fizzled out". This comes after reports Leo is "bothered" by the claims he only dates women under 25 and hopes to "ditch" this reputation. In an article published Friday, a source informed People the relationship between Leo and Gigi had "fizzled out". The pair were first romantically linked last September after being pictured attending a friend's birthday party together. The source said: "She hasn't seen him for a while. She just decided that she was done with him. "They are at very different places in life. She prioritises being a mom. READ MORE: Penny Lancaster wows on her and Rod Stewart's lookalike son's birthday "It was never that serious anyway. It kind of just fizzled." The supermodel and Oscar-winning actress were last seen together last November after they left the same restaurant in New York City. Gigi has prioritised raising her two-year-old daughter, Khai, who she shares with her ex and former One Direction member Zayn Malik. This comes after reports Leo is "not pleased" with the ongoing jokes surrounding his love life and is desperate to "ditch" the image of him only dating women under 25. A source told the Mail Online: "Leo is very single right now and he is not keen on the hype suggesting that he is seeking out these very young women. "He is looking for something more mature in the relationship department. "It is just ridiculous because he cannot go anywhere without being linked to the youngest beautiful woman there. "He wants to ditch this image once and for all and he is really bothered that this continues to follow him." DON'T MISS... Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than ever [PICS] Hollywood star Stella Stevens dies after Alzheimer’s Disease battle [DEATH] Billie Eilish's home surrounded by cops over prankster call [INSIGHT]  The source added Leo wants "something real" as he had in his last serious relationship with Camila. Leo split with Camila just weeks before she hit 25 and was then pictured with a number of young models including 25-year-old Victoria Lamas and, most recently, 19-year-old Eden Polani. The Hollywood actor faced incredible backlash over his alleged romance with Eden, promoting an insider to debunk rumours of a romance. The insider told the Mail Online at the time: "They were seated next to each other at a music-listening party. "There were a number of people at that event." Leo's dating habits have dominated showbiz news since he stole the world's hearts in films like 1996's Romeo and Juliet and 1997's Titanic. He has been linked to the likes of Gisele Bundchen, Blake Lively and Kelly Rohrbach to name a few. Leo famously dated Gisele Bundchen for five years starting when she was 18, then Bar Refaeli before splitting when she hit 25.