Sealant and silicone can be a magnet for mould, causing it to turn black and not function effectively. While bathrooms are the most common area of the home for mould and mildew, mould can also appear on sealant and silicone around windows, doors and patios. Black mould isn’t just unsightly but it can pose health risks like respiratory irritation. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their go-to solution for removing mould from silicone and sealant. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Annelies Christina posted: “How do I clean the silicone around my windows/patio doors? READ MORE: Heating specialist shares how to avoid £300 log burner fine “They are all new, within about two years (not new build) so not sure why they are getting mouldy. “No mould anywhere else. Windows locked or open most of the day and heating is on. How do I clean it without damaging the carpet?” The post was flooded with responses but the one comment that was most popular was using HG mould remover. Sue Dempsey said: “HG mould remover. The only thing that shifted mine.” DON'T MISSMethod to ‘instantly’ kill driveway and patio weeds for good [INSIGHT]5 things to plant in containers now for ‘beautiful’ lasting blooms [UPDATE]‘Very effective' 70p kitchen item to ‘kill’ houseplant white mould [ANALYSIS] Julie Wicking agreed and wrote: “Just used this on my bathroom grout and some mould on the kitchen wall - best thing I've tried and effortless!” Lynda Dixon Gibson posted a photo of the product and said: “Try this, it’s brilliant.” Stacey O'Kane commented on the picture of the product and wrote: “I have this, it’s amazing.” HG Mould Remover Foam Spray costs £7.25 from Wilko for 500ml and £5.50 from Wickes. HG Mould Remover Spray costs £6.99 from Lakeland and £8.99 from Amazon. READ MORE: ‘Instantly’ whiten bed sheets in ‘one wash’ using supermarket item Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The product claims to “immediately and effortlessly eliminates all moulds, making filthy black stains disappear”. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using mould and mildew sprays, bleach, Astonish, baby wipes, white vinegar, Magic Mould and Pink Stuff paste. Alicia Anne commented on the post: “Pound shop mould and mildew cleaner, it’s amazing.” Bev Pope suggested: “Bleach on a toothbrush.” Helen Umpleby replied: “Astonish. Apple fragrance mould remover. Around £1.25. Just did all my windows and doors. My house is pretty old too.” Ruth Kennedy wrote: “Silicone needs to be removed and the area cleaned and thoroughly dry before replacing. Mould is in the silicone at the time it was put there.” Carol Ann Boland said: “Baby wipes.” Michelle Arnold posted: “Wipe with white vinegar and a micro-fibre cloth.” Sandra Milano commented: “I would use Magic Mould. As a gel you can target where you need it. A spray is much harder to control. You can get it from Must Have Ideas online. Simply apply. Leave few hours and wipe away.” Amy Rose wrote: “I used Pink Stuff paste and a sponge. Brought my window seal up lovely.”