Manchester United will look to get one over on Leeds as the two play each other for the second time in a week later today. The Red Devils had to come back from two goals behind to take a point at Old Trafford and Erik ten Hag will be hoping for better at Elland Road. Here Express Sport takes a look at how the Dutchman may choose to line up against the Yorkshire side with Jadon Sancho in line for a return. Goalkeeper: David de Gea It would be a huge surprise to see anyone other than the Spaniard start between the sticks. De Gea has started every Premier League match this season so far with Tom Heaton and Jack Butland in reserve to provide backup. Defence: Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez, Luke Shaw It is unlikely Ten Hag will make many changes in defence with the Dutchman appearing to be confident in his first-choice back four. Varane and Shaw are absolute certainties to start after enjoying excellent seasons. Dalot and Martinez are also likely to keep their place however their position could be more at risk than they more experienced colleagues. Aaron Wan-Bissaka impressed while the Portugal international was out with injury and could come in again if he is unable to play two matches in quick succession. Ten Hag has also used Shaw at centre-back on occasions this season in order to field Tyrell Malacia at left-back and Martinez could miss out if he decides to do so again. READ MORE: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Mikel Arteta's brilliant Arsenal Midfield: Marcel Sabitzer, Fred, Bruno Fernandes With Casemiro suspended as well as Scott McTominay and Christian Eriksen missing with injury, Ten Hag’s midfield options are limited. As a result, he may have no choice but to field an unchanged set-up. Sabitzer made his first start alongside Fred in the holding role and they are likely to reform their partnership again at Elland Road. Victor Lindelof could be a left-field replacement for either player with Ten Hag talking up his abilities in central midfield. Fernandes will start in front of the holding duo with the vice-captain one of the first names on the team sheet. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges Forwards: Jadon Sancho, Wout Weghorst, Marcus Rashford Ten Hag raised eyebrows in mid-week as he moved in form Rashford to the right-wing to accommodate Alejandro Garnacho on the left however this is not likely to be a trick he repeats today. Sancho changed the game after coming on as a sub around the hour mark, netting the equaliser and he could be rewarded with a starting berth in Leeds. Rashford should return to the left with Weghorst continuing up front as Anthony Martial is yet to return from injury.