From higher blood pressure to snappiness, getting less than seven top-notch hours of sleep per night can be detrimental to you and your loved ones. If you are struggling to fall asleep at night, here are five NHS-approved tips to fall asleep "faster". Routine Should external influences allow, one of the most important steps to getting consistently better sleep is to create a routine. By committing to waking up and going to bed at the same time every day, you are training your body to wake up and fall asleep on cue. "Having a regular sleeping pattern is really important for good sleep," the NHS certifies. "Remember, your sleep routine starts before you actually get into bed, so build in time every evening to wind down – and try to switch off from your tech." A wind-down ritual could include gentle stretches, meditation, and reading a hand-held book (not an electronic device). READ MORE: Fatty foods can help you get rid of deadly intestinal parasites, ‘surprising’ study finds Jot your worries down If you find yourself ruminating on issues as soon as your head rests on the pillow, it could help to incorporate writing into your wind-down bedtime routine. By setting time before bed to jot down your concerns and to make a to-do list for the next morning, it could help anxious worriers to feel more calm before bed. Preparation for sleep Another NHS-approved tip to fall asleep faster, on a more consistent basis, includes looking after your body throughout the day. "Our physical health and how we look after our body can have a big effect on our sleep," the NHS says. It's best to avoid caffeine, alcohol, nicotine, or a big meal too close to bedtime, which can otherwise prevent you from falling into a deep sleep. "Regular exercise is also great for sleep," the NHS adds, which is best done earlier on in the day. A restful environment "Simple things can have a big impact when it comes to falling asleep and staying asleep," the NHS adds. This is why it's important to have a cool, dark and quiet bedroom that is conducive to sleep. READ MORE: Fruits to add to your drinks proven to lower cholesterol - full of flavonoids "Some people also find playing ambient sounds like rainfall, gentle music or white noise helpful," the national health service says. This could be especially true when you live in a household that goes to sleep at different times to you. Don't force it If you have been lying in bed unable to sleep, "do not try to force it". To break the association between your bed and overthinking, for example, it can help to get up and do something restful, such as reading a book in a different area. Then, when you are feeling more sleepy, you can go back to bed to fall asleep. Five NHS-approved tips to fall asleep faster After implementing these steps, if you are still finding it difficult to fall asleep, it's advised for you to book a doctor's appointment. Together, you and your doctor can discuss treatments to help you fall asleep faster.