Anxious families in one US town are being urged to wash with bottled water after chemicals spilled into the ground following a train crash. Testing is underway to determine whether the water supply in East Palestine, Ohio is safe to drink as around 3,500 fish have died in nearby creeks since the derailment on February 3.    Residents were evacuated as officials carried out a controlled burn of toxic chemicals - including vinyl chloride which has been linked with serious health risks, including cancer. Many are uneasy about returning and feel the situation in the town, which has a population of less than 5,000, remains unclear. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) chief Michael Regan sought to ease their concerns on Thursday during a visit to the crash site, telling residents to “trust the government”, which has declared the air and drinking water safe. But, during a press briefing, Mr Regan was asked if he would allow his children to drink or bathe in the town’s water.   He said homes should drink and bathe using bottled water if they “haven’t been tested, or if they are on private well water”. The EPA administrator told reporters: “What I would say is, if those homes had been tested, and if those homes had been tested by the state, and given a clean bill of health, yes. “As a father I trust the science, I trust the methodology that this state is using. And as a parent, I would. “But, if those homes haven't been tested, of if they are on private well water, I would advise that they get those homes tested, and continue - as Governor DeWine and the state health department has recommended - continue to use bottled water until those homes get tested.” READ MORE: Trump on clear path to 2024 election as legal woes winning him support   Since the 50-car train derailed residents have complained about headaches and irritated eyes, while video emerged of chickens dead in their pens. Authorities told residents it was safe to return two days after the derailment, though they remain concerned - as do environmental experts. “I have three grandbabies,” Kathy Dyke told Associated Press after a public meeting on Wednesday not attended by railroad operator Norfolk Southern, which cited concerns for staff safety. “Are they going to grow up here in five years and have cancer?” At least five lawsuits have been filed against the firm, which announced this week that it is creating a $1 million fund to help the community. It has vowed to remove spilled contaminants from the ground and streams while monitoring air quality. DON'T MISS: Sperm donor wins custody of son after his two mothers split up [INSIGHT]Donald Trump is 'own worst enemy' and 'underestimating' Nikki Haley [EXCLUSIVE]Donald Trump says 'good riddance' to Nicola Sturgeon [SPOTLIGHT] “We are here and will stay here for as long as it takes to ensure your safety and to help East Palestine recover and thrive,” Norfolk Southern President and CEO Alan Shaw said in a letter to the community. No one was injured when the freight train crashed 15 days ago. It carried innocuous items such as malt liquors and frozen vegetables, alongside potentially toxic chemicals Chemicals onboard to have caused concern include vinyl chloride, butyl acrylate, benzene and ethylene glycol monobutyl ether. Officials evacuated the town over fears of an explosion, instead conducting a controlled burn which sent a thick plume of black smoke over East Palestine and neighbouring towns.  The Ohio EPA said latest tests show five wells supplying the village’s drinking water are free from contaminants. At least 3,500 fish, mostly small ones such as minnows and darters, have been found dead along more than seven miles (11.2 kilometres) of streams, according to the estimates from the Ohio Department of Natural Resources. Precautions are being taken to ensure contaminants which reached the Ohio River do not make it into drinking water, officials said.   