Daisy Jones & The Six is coming to Amazon Prime Video on March 3 and the story is told in the style of a documentary. Featuring "interviews" with the band, the fictional story is set during the erratic, creative world of the 1970s. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes there are. The series follows a rock band from their rise in the LA music scene to becoming one of the world's most famous bands. Viewers will also learn of the reason behind their unprecedented split, just as they had reached the peak of success. Although the series is not based on real events, it was inspired by author Taylor Jenkins Reid's memory of watching Fleetwood Mac performances on television. Riley Keough stars as the title character and appears alongside Camila Morrone, Sam Claflin, Suki Waterhouse and Tom Wright to name but a few stars. READ MORE: Daisy Jones & The Six stars Elvis Presley's granddaughter The series is made up of 10 episodes, with the first three being released on the same day, March 3. After this, the next three episodes will air on March 10, with the next two on March 17 and the final two on March 24. At the time of writing, the titles for each episode have been kept under wraps. The release schedule is as follows: Episode one - March 3 Episode two - March 3 Episode three - March 3 Episode four - March 10 Episode five - March 10 Episode six - March 10 Episode seven - March 17 Episode eight - March 17 Episode nine - March 24 Episode 10 - March 24 DON'T MISS... Daisy Jones and the Six release date, cast, trailer plotElvis Presley’s granddaughter dazzles in Daisy Jones & The Six trailerJeremy Clarkson rages as Diddly Squat farm hit by vandals again Throughout the series, lead singer Billy Dunne (Sam Claflin) continues to clash with Daisy. With sex and drugs distracting the band from their rise to the top, their dream comes crashing down around them. Suki Waterhouse plays keyboardist Karen Sirko and she opened up about the fact the series was a work of fiction. She told BT TV: "I just couldn’t believe that it wasn’t a real band! It was one of those books where I knew it was fiction, but I couldn’t stop Googling 'Where is Billy Dunne now?' It's quite extraordinary.” Music was a big part of the audition process, with the actress adding: "I was really bad at [playing the] keys at the time. "I remember it was Christmas and I found two or three people who could help me learn how to play the piano. "I spent the whole time [learning keys]. I remember, I was in Canada, and Karen in the book has short brown hair, and they were like ‘We need to see you with short brown hair playing keys’. "I was doing a film at the time, and I was asking, 'Does anyone have a brown wig?'”  Daisy Jones & The Six airs on Amazon Prime Video from March 3