Though bathrooms are a room in the home where residents spend a lot of time, they can often be neglected in terms of decor. However, according to an expert, this is all about to change. Rhiannon Jones, trained interior designer and head of brand Piglet in Bed, has shared her six top tips on how to style up and “refresh” your bathroom, no matter whether you rent or own your home. The expert explained: “This year, it appears there’s a huge focus on bold tiling which almost acts as the centrepiece for your bathroom. In 2023, terrazzo seems to be having a bit of a minute, as well as brick-sized tiles in deep colours and lacquers. “Dark green, royal blue and deep orange seem to keep popping up in modern bathroom inspiration everywhere for me. When tiling your bathroom, do not neglect the grout. Depending on the colour of the tiles you opt for, you may want to choose a more muted or cream-tone grout to create a more aged, vintage aesthetic. “If your tiles are a shade of white or cream themselves, consider refreshing your bathroom’s look with a dark grey or black grouting. “Renters - you are not left out of this step. Adhesive tiles are making rounds on TikTok and for good reason. There are so many great adhesive options available nowadays that can completely revamp your bathroom - without causing any damage to the property. READ MORE: ‘Outdated’ kitchen features to 'avoid' or risk devaluing your home “This is a great option for those looking to refresh their bathroom on a budget too and can be used by homeowners to try out different bathroom aesthetics or colour schemes, before committing to the investment of a renovation.” Colour themes are often down to personal preference, but it is now becoming increasingly popular to incorporate colour and vibrancy into bathroom decor. One of the best ways to include colour into your bathroom is through towels, hand towels and bath mats. This is because they are easy to swap out with another colour if you get bored or it changes season. The expert noted: “Alternatively, consider painting a wall a bright and happy shade - this can open up the space really well, especially in small bathrooms you may be surprised to hear. DON'T MISS:Four plants to prune now for successful growth in the garden this year [COMMENT]Four ‘simple’ DIY methods to draught-proof windows for under £5 [INSIGHT]‘Best’ method to clean yellow bathroom grout for 50p [EXPLAINER] “If you have a favourite colour, your bathroom might be the best place to use it (particularly if it’s a bit extravagant) and doing so will create a lovely backdrop for your morning routine. “Wherever you’re injecting colour, a few shades will dominate in 2023. Terracotta brown and orange shades like these Warm Clay Towels from Piglet in Bed are set to be huge in 2023, so could be a great colour option for towels (this shade is also great at hiding makeup or fake tan stains). “Green is another classic colour which remains trendy year in and out in varying shades. I also love the trend of incorporating opulent, deep blue shades throughout the home and it can create a striking bathroom aesthetic.” An easy way to “upgrade” your bathroom in a “matter of minutes” is by decanting gels, lotions and potions into some glassware to give the bathroom a luxurious feel. READ MORE: Exact date you should start mowing your lawn after winter Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Britons should shop for glass or stainless steel soap dispensers and razor trays, and invest in some larger jars to store items like cotton wool. Rhiannon explained: “This instantly gives your bathroom that show home feel, but can also be a great way to get creative if you experiment with coloured glass and fun textures or patterns. Black brushed metal has also been hugely fashionable in recent years, and can look great paired with darker grouting.” The interior designer continued: “One key interior designer trick is to always make sure a room has plenty of storage space. In a bathroom, this is particularly important. “Cupboards and drawers are ideal if you have a few unsightly self-care knickknacks or branded toiletries which don’t match your bathroom’s aesthetic. “If you have decanted some of your toiletries into glassware, or have toiletries you’d rather keep on display such as beautiful perfume bottles, installing some shelving can be an easy way to create storage space which showcases your beautiful things, while keeping your surfaces clear.” Another way to style up the bathroom is to create ambient lighting, a contrast from the bright lighting a bathroom is often fitted with. If you’re not a huge fan of the fluorescent lighting in a bathroom, swap them out for some warm-toned bulbs to help you wind down. Alternatively, set the scene in the evening with some candles. Rhiannon said: “Having a luxuriously scented bathroom is the key to creating that spa-like feel at home. Invest in some scented candles and pick a variety of scents to suit different times of the day or different moods. “I like to keep one fresh scented candle in rotation for when I want my bathroom to feel sparkling clean like this Fresh Linen Candle from Piglet in Bed, but it may also be a nice idea to have a muskier scented candle to help you relax during your evening bath.”