Manchester United are reportedly set to speak with players from both their men’s and women’s teams as part of their internal investigation before deciding whether they will reintegrate Mason Greenwood into the football club. Charges of attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault against the forward were dropped earlier this month. The Crown Prosecution Service cleared Greenwood of the charges on February 2, though he remains suspended by the club. United announced that they are conducting their own internal investigation on the 21-year-old and the dropped charges, with no date set on when that will conclude. The forward has not featured for the Red Devils since January 22 last year and it remains highly unlikely that he will play for the club this season. According to ESPN, United will consult ‘leadership groups’ from both the men’s and women’s teams as part of the investigation to gauge the thought of both squads on the situation. No collective view from players has been presented to the investigation committee currently, though the report goes on to state that there are a number of players concerned about Greenwood potentially returning. Sponsors of United also have concerns about the forward being reintroduced to the team. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m United have time to consider their options, with Ten Hag adamant that no decision will be made before the end of the season. The former Ajax boss is keen to avoid distractions whilst the campaign is still ongoing, meaning that Greenwood will be forced to wait until the summer to discover the club’s plan of action. The forward is well aware of United’s investigation and how his future lies in their hands, despite his current £100,000 per week contract at Old Trafford running until 2025. United’s statement on the situation read: “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache It remains to be seen when discussions with players as part of the investigation take place and if Ten Hag requests that the ‘leadership team’ from his men’s squad are only consulted once the current season concludes. The Dutchman will want his troops fully focused on achieving a top four finish and Champions League football this season, as well as success in cup competitions – with a Carabao Cup final to prepare for later this month. United face Barcelona on Thursday night in the Round of 32 of the Europa League at the Camp Nou.