Manchester United and Arsenal could be set to miss out on long-term target Dusan Vlahovic with Real Madrid interested in ending the striker’s torrid Juventus spell, according to reports. Vlahovic turned down the Gunners to join Juve in January 2022 but has struggled for form in Italy. The Serbian had earned a reputation as one of Europe’s top young strikers with Fiorentina. He joined Serie A rivals Juve in a £70million deal but has not quite lived up to expectations. Vlahovic has scored 18 goals in 40 appearances for the Old Lady. Juve’s 15-point deduction has added to the attacker’s woes. Madrid are allegedly keen to prise Vlahovic from Juventus. Los Blancos face a dilemma up front with Karim Benzema turning 36 later this year, while there are a lack of genuine alternatives in Carlo Ancelotti’s squad. JUST IN: David Coote named Carabao Cup final ref and Newcastle fans are fuming According to ESPN, Vlahovic is one of a number of players Madrid are ‘tracking’ after concluding that adding depth up front was ‘essential’. Ancelotti can no longer rely on Benzema, with the Frenchman playing in just 12 of the club’s 20 La Liga matches this season. Vlahovic - who has scored eight goals this season - could cost around £90m. Madrid are also considering Tottenham ace Richarlison as Ancelotti has made clear that he was a fan of the Brazilian when they worked together at Everton. Star striker Benzema has endured a tough 2022-23 campaign, with his season plagued by injuries. A contract extension until 2024 is yet to be officially confirmed by the reigning Champions League winners. The Spanish giants were forced to move on from their pursuit of Kylian Mbappe last summer after Benzema’s France team-mate surprisingly signed a new deal at Paris Saint-Germain. Vlahovic is instead seen as a good alternative. DON'T MISS...Barcelona boss Xavi devising 'special plan' to deal with RashfordQatar had long discussions over Leeds bid before Man Utd takeover planMan Utd in battle with Chelsea for new Caicedo as '£15m bid rejected' Arsenal have hardly suffered from missing out on the 23-year-old 13 months ago. The Gunners used Eddie Nketiah for the remainder of the 2021-22 season before signing Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City in the summer. Mikel Arteta’s side have launched a shock Premier League title bid and sit at the summit of the top-flight. They are three points ahead of Manchester City, who they meet on Wednesday evening. Arsenal could still go in for Vlahovic in the summer, with Jesus struggling for form and fitness. Arteta might have a far stronger chance of convincing the former Partizan Belgrade prospect of moving to the Emirates Stadium given his team’s success this season. Man Utd have also been linked with Vlahovic as they search for a long-term option for their centre-forward position. Wout Weghorst was signed on loan from Burnley in January to fill the role short-term.