The shutdowns also meant many parents had to remain at home to provide childcare instead of travelling to work. At the same time, railway walkouts made it impossible for some people to carry out their regular morning commute. It was a return to a period we thought we’d put behind us. The difference, of course, is that today's mini-lockdown was a result of strike action by unions trying to cause as much disruption as possible. With inflation high, we are all feeling the pinch. But it’s time to get real. The money simply isn’t there to provide the sort of bumper pay increases that unions are demanding. As government officials point out, public sector pay is provided by taxpayers. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and his colleagues need to balance the demands of unions against the need to be fair to the people providing the money, most of whom do not work in the public sector. The increases demanded by unions could only be funded by cuts elsewhere, by pushing up taxes even further or by borrowing, none of which are acceptable currently. Indeed, the people most vocally attacking the Government today would be the first to criticise if it actually did adopt any of these options. Unions would no doubt say that they are simply standing up for their members. But they appear blind to the other considerations which the Government must take into account. We need all parties in these disputes to talk and find ways to bring them to a conclusion. This must be based on a realistic assessment of what the country can afford, even if it falls short of the pay rises some workers might hope to receive in an ideal world. The horrendous death of a four-year-old girl mauled by a family pet raises questions about the systems currently in place to protect children and adults from dangerous dogs. Police are working to establish exactly what happened, and the breed of the animal involved. If it was indeed a dangerous dog then it would suggest tougher regulations are needed. Everyone who knew the young victim will be horrified by this tragedy. He was a heart-throb in his youth and Sir Paul McCartney is still showing us what true romance is all about today. His account of “overdoing” Valentine’s Day goes to show that for Sir Paul and wife Nancy, love never ends.