During the hour-long TalkTV interview, Piers Morgan probed Rishi Sunak on whether King Charles III should invite the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to his coronation later this year. The Prime Minister, who will be in attendance, started floundering as he searched for a response. Sunak replied to the TalkTV host: “I had a feeling you might ask me that. "You know I can't talk about the Royal Family, but what I can say is one of the great privileges of this job is spending time with the monarch and also championing what is an amazing British institution all around the world." “It's one of the proudest parts of my job is to go around the world and champion and celebrate British institutions like the Royal Family," he continued. “There's an enormous amount of affection for the Royal Family everywhere I go around the world and they do an incredible job." READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah "King Charles does an incredible job," the Prime Minister added as self-proclaimed royalist Morgan listened. "We’re lucky to have him - the coronation is going to be superb and we're going to have a great time." However, Morgan, who has always been very transparent with his thoughts on Harry and Meghan quipped: “You don’t mind if you’re next to Meghan and Harry?” Sunak almost swerved the question entirely and said: “What I’m focused on is making sure we have a great time as a country and that is what I’m confident is going to happen.”  King Charles' coronation is taking place on May 6 at Westminster Abbey in London. During the ceremony, he will be crowned alongside the Queen Consort Camilla. It was reported last month that Harry declined to commit to attending the coronation. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from their roles as senior royals in 2020 to start a new life together in California. DON'T MISS...Rishi Sunak punching above his weight '100 per cent' with wife [LATEST]Sunak clashes with Piers Morgan over nurses' pay [LATEST]Rishi confirms he was in TGI Fridays eating ribs when Truss resigned [INTERVIEW] Elsewhere in the interview with Morgan, the Prime Minister was pressed on the principles of "Sunakism" and gender self-identification. “Well, as you said, I came in and it was a challenging situation," Sunak said. "But I’m proud of what we’ve achieved. I’m proud.” The politician was also grilled about becoming the Prime Minister after saying in 2020 he was not interested in the top job. Sunak said: “Thanks for reminding me. Look, you’re right, there’s no point sugar-coating it, it’s not an easy situation and I do ask myself the same question on occasion. "As I said before, for me it’s about duty. Actually, there’s a concept in Hinduism called dharma, which roughly translates into duty and that’s how I was raised. "It was about doing the things that were expected of you and trying to do the right thing.   “And even though it was going to be a nightmare job for all the reasons that you outlined, I felt that I could make a difference and I was the best person to make a difference at that moment, especially given the challenges that people were facing. "What they were seeing with their mortgages, and that’s ultimately why I put myself forward to do it, knowing that it would be difficult and challenging but ultimately doing what I thought was my duty in that situation because I believe deeply in service and thought I could make a difference for the country.” Sunak revealed his mantra was to "have hope", telling Morgan: “Have hope because I can make it better, and I will make it better. That’s what I’m working day and night to do.” Morgan also challenged the Prime Minister on nurses being charged to park at hospitals. Sunak said nurses were getting a five per cent pay rise, adding: "Of course, I’m happy to look at [car parking costs].” Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on weeknights on TalkTV at 8pm. 