Tom Brady will earn more money for his next 10 years in the broadcast booth than his 23 years in the NFL. Brady is preparing for the next chapter of his life where he will enter the commentary booth with FOX Sports after signing a blockbuster deal with the broadcaster last year. On Wednesday, Brady announced his retirement from the NFL after 23 seasons. He won seven Super Bowls over an illustrious career that spanned two decades with the New England Patriots - with whom he led a historic dynasty alongside head coach Bill Belichick and owner Rob Kraft - and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. His 2022 season didn’t exactly go to plan as the Buccaneers were comprehensively defeated 31-14 by the Dallas Cowboys to end his 23rd NFL season at the Wild Card round of the NFL Playoffs. Brady doffed his cap to fans as he left the field, suggesting his time in the NFL was over. Last year, FOX Sports announced Brady would join the network as a lead analyst following his retirement, signing a 10-year contract worth $375 million (£306m). It means the iconic quarterback will remarkably earn more in his shorter broadcast deal than he did over his 23-year career in the NFL, where he made $333m from the Patriots and Bucs. READ MORE: NFL pundit studio reduced to silence as Tom Brady declares retirement Brady was never the NFL’s highest-paid player, or even in that upper echelon of high-earners as he took team-friendly discounts in order for the Patriots to build a competitive team around him. In fact, his most lucrative deal on a per annum basis was his final deal in New England: a one-year $23m deal. Fox Sports initially thought Brady would join their roster last year after he retired only to sensationally reverse his decision just 40 days later. During a recent episode of his ‘Let’s Go!’ Podcast on Sirius XM, the seven-time Super Bowl champion revealed his excitement to get started at Fox Sports: “There's so much to learn, there's so much to teach, you know, it's ever evolving. “Believe me, as much as you think I'm willing to teach people, I'm really looking to learn. I'm really looking to learn from all the people that I get to talk to. DON'T MISSNFL fans think Tom Brady dropped retirement hint before announcementTom Brady retired as he 'ran out of options' claims NFL insiderBuccaneers and Patriots give classy response to Tom Brady retirement “I get an opportunity to be in a job in the future where I get to travel around and learn from all the other people that I've looked up to and admired, different organisations and different people. So it's exciting for me too.” Brady has claimed he could be ‘scathing’ in the booth and likened himself to renowned golf commentator Johnny Miller. Brady’s revelation of his potential style of commentary would be a stark contrast to popular CBS analyst Tony Romo, who showers praise on quarterbacks and offensive ingenuity with infectious enthusiasm. The 45-year-old will also have a familiar face in the studio at Fox Sports: four-time Super Bowl champion Rob Gronkowski. The legendary former tight end joined the broadcaster as an on-air analyst midway through the 2022 season after opting against a return to the NFL himself.