During Monday’s episode of Coronation Street, viewers saw Stephen Reid (played by Todd Boyce) try and secure a contract with a businessman to help Carla Connor’s (Alison King) company. Although the Underworld boss gave the conman a chilling warning, fans think a showdown is imminent. After having to blackmail Rufus to get the deal for Carla, she was curious to find out how he managed to successfully complete the task she asked for. As he told her he can be very persuasive when he needed to be, the Underworld boss saw through his facade. Although he’s managed to keep his killing spree under wraps, Carla seems to be the only person in Weatherfield who has caught onto his odd behaviour. Despite giving him credit for getting the contract, she delivered a clear warning to Stephen not to mess her around. READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star  She said: “Word of warning Stephen. Don't take me on. I'm telling ya you don't want to make an enemy out of me." Stephen responded: "I wouldn't dream of it. But thanks for the advice." Seeing the friction build between the two characters, it wasn’t long before viewers took to social media to predict a showdown between the two is on the horizon. Dee_Cee95x commented: “Carla will be the one to bring Stephen down and I can’t wait!!” LouiseHazeldine added: “I really want to see Carla at war with Stephen. And winning!” RyanTheSoapking said: “Don't mess with Carla Connor Stephen [sic] . She is a QUEEN Don't forget that.”  Twitter user AntMelia94 added: “Can’t wait for the Carla v Stephen final showdown which will inevitably involve the factory catching fire for the billionth time.” Tellyaddict40 commented: “Stephen v Carla this will be good.” With Twitter user shrimpsy291 saying: “Seriously they think they can make a story of Stephen trying to kill off Carla [sic] that’s like a prawn trying to kill a shark.” Although there hasn’t been any conflict between Stephen and Carla as of yet, all could be about to change.  DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife fans fume over delay as character's life in balance [REACTION] Phillip Schofield jokes 'shut your face' after Holly age probe [VIDEO] Dancing on Ice's Mollie Gallagher on ‘hardest part’ of ITV show [INSIGHT]  In upcoming scenes, viewers will see Stephen spike the Underworld boss with LSD, in a bid to make her seem mentally ill which could lead to him taking over her business. Speaking about whether or not the long-running character could be in danger, actor Todd Boyce touched on Stephen’s intentions. He teased: “This is not a premeditated plan to kill someone, this is to get her out of the way of the business. “He knows there are some machinists with shares in the company, and he just needs to mobilise them and make them think she is not capable of doing the job. “It’s pretty ingenious, and Carla has annoyed him so much that he doesn’t care what it is going to do to her. "It is a relatively short-term plan to start with, just to sow the seed of doubt with everyone. He plans to do it over a period of time so it looks like she is having real problems."   Although the killer doesn’t have murder on his mind, he wants to oust Carla from her job by making her appear mentally ill. However, after awarding him the junior position of Office Manager, his humiliation could make matters worse. Todd added: “She has done the worst thing that anyone could really do to Stephen - she has made him look and feel small in front of other people." Coronation Street boss Iain MacLeod revealed Stephen’s odd behaviour will result in friction in Carla’s marriage to Peter as he believes the psychosis state she suffered from in 2029 has returned. Coronation Street continues Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays on ITV1 from 8pm.  