Aston Martin driver Lance Stroll will one day inherit his father’s huge fortune in the future and would not only surpass both Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen’s net worth, but the Canadian would also have nine times their combined wealth. The 24-year-old is yet to claim a F1 race victory while Verstappen and Hamilton have won eight of the last nine championships between them, but Stroll can still boast about the fortune set to come his way. Stroll’s dad, Lawrence Stroll, is a Canadian businessman who made his money through investments in the fashion and luxury goods industries. He began his career by investing in the clothing brand Pierre Cardin, eventually becoming the company’s largest shareholder. He later went on to invest in other fashion brands such as Tommy Hilfiger and Michael Kors before selling the last of his Kors shares in 2013 Stroll Snr also made significant profits through the sale of Sportswear Holdings, which owned the rights to brands such as Pepe Jeans and Ralph Lauren. In 2018 he led a group of investors to buy Force India for £90million plus £15m of their debt, then two years later became executive chairman of Aston Martin after leading a £182m investment and then appointed his son as the team's driver. According to CelebrityNetWorth, Stroll’s father has a net worth of $3.2billion (£2.65bn) which dwarfs both of the two most recent world champions nine times over. Hamilton has a net worth of $285m (£236m) while Verstappen’s net worth currently stands at $70m (£58m). Hamilton has been busy building his business empire off the track, having invested in NFL franchise Denver Broncos last year and owning his own film production company in addition to his £46.8m racing salary.  Stroll has previously shown off his wealth and once turned up to Silverstone for the British Grand Prix in a personal helicopter. He will be joined at Aston Martin by Fernando Alonso this season, as the Spaniard has backed him for huge success in the sport and although he currently only matches Hamilton and Verstappen in wealth, he could join them as an F1 champion. "In Lance, the team has a driver who is super young, super talented and has the possibility to be world champion,” Alonso said. “To see him achieve that and have played a part in that, whether that's behind the wheel or not, will be special for me. "He has the speed, and he has the talent. He has shown it many times, especially in wet conditions. I remember Lance's pole position in Turkey and some of his other excellent performances in the wet; to perform at that level in difficult conditions you have to have a special feeling with the car."