Arsenal have been told that they could sign West Ham captain Declan Rice for a lower fee than Hammers boss David Moyes said that it would require, as Mikel Arteta aims to bolster his midfield in the summer. The England star looks set to leave the London Stadium in search of Champions League football, as he has rejected the chance to sign a new contract and his current deal expires in 2024, though West Ham do have an option to extend it by a further year. After reports suggested that Arsenal were the frontrunners to sign Rice in the summer as he would be available for around £75million, Moyes dismissed the claim and suggested that any bidders would need to surpass the £107m fee that Chelsea spent to land Enzo Fernandez on transfer deadline day. “Undoubtedly he’s going to be a top player and undoubtedly he'll be a British transfer record and more whenever he leaves West Ham,” Moyes said after his side’s 1-1 draw with Newcastle. "A lot's been said about it and when you see what's been happening with prices, I think Declan will be blowing that out the water when it comes around." However, former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O’Hara does not feel that Arsenal or any other club would need to break the record to sign Rice. “I think Declan Rice is a little bit overrated, to be honest,” O’Hara told Grosvenor Sport. “He is a brilliant player, I really like him, but he is playing for West Ham; Enzo Fernandez has won the World Cup, so you can see where his price tag comes from. Rice is brilliant, but not on that level. Will he break the British transfer record? I don’t think so.” Arsenal will face competition for Rice in the summer though as Chelsea and Manchester United have been long-term admirers of the 24-year-old. Manchester City have previously been linked, but O’Hara feels that their current battle with the Premier League may dissuade players from moving to the Etihad including Rice, who he believes is more likely to join Chelsea or United rather than Arsenal or City.  “Chelsea and Manchester United are where players will want to go now,” O’Hara added. “Manchester City’s troubles will put players off, and they’ll worry about what the future holds for City in terms of deductions; Declan Rice could go to City and end up playing against Forest Green Rovers or Harrogate Town! City could be bang in trouble. “I think he’ll end up at Manchester United or Chelsea, they can afford him. His wages will be expensive. They are his most probable destinations. “He’ll go in the summer. Definitely. Time is up for him at West Ham, he has got to move on, but he won’t break the British transfer record. Harry Kane is going to break the record when he signs for Manchester United.”