Manchester United star Amad scored a stunning goal for Sunderland in their 2-1 defeat to Coventry on Saturday afternoon. The Ivory Coast international has impressed ever since moving to the Stadium of Light back in the summer. And his latest strike shows exactly what the Red Devils are missing out on. Sunderland fell behind against Coventry with Jamie Allen and Viktor Gyokeres netting for the home side. And with his side in need of something to give them a chance of getting a positive result, Amad then struck. The former Atalanta star, who has impressed during his loan spell in the Championship after previously toiling at Rangers, rifled an unstoppable strike into the top corner. But it wasn’t enough in the end, with Sunderland instead slumping to defeat. The goal was Amad’s eighth since moving to the club back in the summer transfer window, with the youngster also clocking up three assists so far. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players And, speaking before the game, Sunderland boss Tony Mowbray made it clear just how happy he was with the 20-year-old and his performances this term. “I wouldn’t criticise Amad – I struggle to pick a team without him,” he stated. “He went through a really hot spell where he scored just about every game for us for a few weeks, but he still contributes massively to our team and the way that we function. “He’s a kid who has never played football regularly, he played a handful of games for Atalanta and then went to Manchester United where didn’t play much, and then had a loan to Rangers where he didn’t play regularly. “He’s come here and it’s the first time, probably ever in his life, where he has played men’s football week in, week out and it will be very demanding on him. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes It’s nothing surprising that at times he doesn’t quite hit the absolute pinnacle of what he can bring, because it’s been game after game every three days. “I tried to give him a break [at QPR] but it was only an hour – and then he came on and impacted the football match.” Mowbray then detailed how he’s told Sunderland players to try and get the best from Amad. He added: “I’m always telling our players to give him the ball, he doesn’t lose it, he does something that allows to attack, score or be creative. “I always believe that talent wins you football matches. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Amad at Sunderland at this moment, and Patrick [Roberts] is the same, does things that normal players don’t do. “So I want the team to work the ball into certain areas, to give it to the players that can make the difference.” Last month, Erik ten Hag hailed Amad for the way he was performing at Sunderland. "We consider everything, but I have a little bit of reservation about that because I don’t want to stop the process,” he said when asked about potentially recalling the forward. “He's made really good progress there so I’m happy with that. When we decide for him to come back, he has to be a player who can compete for the starting line-up or come on for a lot of games and make an impact."