Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has claimed, in no uncertain terms, that the Reds 'need to be in the market' this summer amid their struggle for Premier League form. After a succession of quiet transfer windows, Express Sport takes you through four signings Liverpool could make at the end of the season if owners Fenway Sports Group (FSG) cave into Klopp's demands... The teenage superstar is widely expected to leave Borussia Dortmund during the summer, by which time he will have completed three fantastic seasons in the Bundesliga. Klopp and Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard have made no secret of their admiration for Bellingham, who enjoys a close relationship with Reds captain Jordan Henderson. Manchester City, Real Madrid and Chelsea are also believed to be interested in the 19-year-old, who could cost £130million. Liverpool will therefore be fighting an uphill battle if they fail to finish in the top four this campaign, given the range of top-class sides who would snap Bellingham up in a heartbeat. JUST IN: Chelsea ace Enzo Fernandez reacts to Graham Potter sack pressure Wolves surprised their Premier League rivals by winning the race for Nunes last summer, just months after Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola referred to the midfielder as 'one of the best in the world'. The Portuguese took some time to bed in but he is now consistently affecting games at the top level. Liverpool have been heavily linked with a summer swoop and £50m could convince Wolves to cash in just 12 months after recruiting him from Sporting Lisbon.  One of the finest graduates of Chelsea's esteemed academy in recent years, Blues fans have been left in suspense by news that the club and Mount's representatives have shelved talks on a contract renewal until the summer. The England international supposedly wants a substantial pay rise from his current deal, which is set to expire in 2024. If Chelsea can't reach an agreement, Liverpool are among those thought to be ready and waiting to swoop. The Croatian established his status as one of Europe's most promising centre-backs with a series of impressive displays at the World Cup. He continues to play a crucial role at club level too, netting in the Champions League draw with Manchester City on Wednesday. Liverpool have been shaky at the back this term and reports indicate that they have made Gvardiol their top defensive target. The admiration is reciprocated, with the youngster previously admitting that Anfield would be his 'dream' destination. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.