 Millions were left confused when Stephen Fry, 65, quit Twitter without any warning or explanation in November. However, the star has now opened up on why he left the platform, aiming a jibe at Elon Musk in his explanation.  Stephen had been a consistent, and comedic, presence on the social media platform since he first joined in 2008. Garnering 12 million followers and releasing an impressive 25,000 tweets during his time, the actor suddenly disappeared at the end of last year. Stephen’s account was later reactivated and made private with the bio reading: “Verified Twitter account of Stephen Fry reactivated by Stephen Fry’s management in order to prevent impersonation accounts.” Despite this development, fans were still left clueless as to why the star suddenly vanished, until now.  Speaking to Radio Times for their latest edition, featuring Helen George on the cover, Stephen explained there was a sole reason for his absence. He said: “It had nothing to do with anything but Elon Musk’s takeover. “Twitter should not be in the hands of an individual. “It should be in the hands of a grey board that tries to do the right thing.     “Yes, it may be a furious, screaming crucible of culture war, but those who run it shouldn’t be involved in that. “So I simply stepped away and said goodbye and left.” The national treasure was not the only household name left perturbed by Elon’s acquirement near the end of last year. As the tech mogul began changing the platform, notably allowing all Twitter users to receive a verification blue checkmark for a price, which was previously reserved to verify accounts of notable figures.  The South African put those plans on pause, but then widespread layoffs across the company were announced in early November, along with reinstating notorious accounts like Donald Trump. By early December, singer Sir Elton John announced he would be leaving the platform due to the rise in misinformation, saying it “divides our world”. Sir Elton’s account is still active, although his last post on December 9 states: “I’ve decided to no longer use Twitter, given their recent change in policy which will allow misinformation to flourish unchecked.” Canadian actor Jim Carrey left the social media platform entirely, sharing a short animated video he had made featuring a “crazy old lighthouse keeper” as he bid his 18 million followers goodbye.   Actress Whoopi Goldberg left the platform around the same time as Stephen, and also took a swipe at Elon’s leadership as she quit. Appearing on talk show The View, Whoopi declared on November 7: “I’m getting off today. “I just feel like it’s so messy, and I’m tired of now having had certain kinds of attitudes blocked, and now they’re back on. “I’m going to get out, and if it settles down and I feel more comfortable, maybe I’ll come back.” The latest edition of Radio Times magazine is now available to purchase.