Helen Flanagan, 32, enjoyed a Valentine’s Day meal on Sunday with her son Charlie in Manchester. Sharing photos from the night out, the Coronation Street actress remarked that her son is the "only prince I’ll ever fully give my heart to”. She captioned the photo in an apparent cryptic dig: "I already have my prince. The only man I’ll ever fully give my heart to my boy." Helen split from Scott in October after the couple were together for 13 years. They share Matilda, seven, Delilah, four, and son Charlie, 17 months. Helen and her son Charlie looked adorable in matching red outfits for the special occasion. She wore a racy red number from House Of CB, that she paired with black stilettos.   Helen completed the look with bronzed makeup, which accentuated her natural features, and a daring red lipstick. Meanwhile, Helen dressed Charlie in a red cardigan and shorts, with a white shirt and little black shoes. On Saturday, she posed in a sparkly hot pink dress while on a girls night out in Manchester. The newly-single mum, who recently shared the results of her breast enhancement surgery, wowed her Instagram followers in a statement sequin mini dress with a feather trim at the bottom. She paired the look with a black bomber jacket thrown over her shoulders, a Christian Dior saddle bag, and a pair of matching black strappy heels. The mum-of-three said she was spending the night out with her best friends for Galantine’s at Manchester's Gotham Hotel. Her fans raced to the comments to gush over "beautiful" Helen. One commented: “You are drop-dead gorgeous." DONT MISS:Brendan Fraser looks unrecognisable in new appearance ahead of Oscars (PHOTOS)Gemma Atkinson issues plea to fans after dad's tragic death (NEWS)Katie Price splurges on business class flight amid bankruptcy hearings (LATEST) Another added: “Wow. You look really beautiful." A third wrote: “So pretty in pink my darling." It comes months after she split with her fiance Scott Sinclair. The couple, who have three children together, are said to have called time on their relationship in October last year. They first started dating back in 2009 while Scott was playing professional football for Wigan Athletic. They welcomed their oldest daughter Matilda in 2015 before Delilah was born in 2018. Later that year, they got engaged on a family holiday to Disneyland Paris and their third child Charlie then arrived in March 2021. The former Coronation Street star recently revealed that she had chosen to undergo a breast enhancement surgery in secret, to help her self-confidence after having babies. She said she "never thought" that she would have a boob job due to her previously "busty figure", but admitted that her confidence plummeted when she went from wearing an E-cup to a B-cup after having kids.