Meghan Markle was warned being part of the Royal Family could "cause her some emotional complications", British comedian John Oliver claimed. The Duchess of Sussex, who married Prince Harry in 2018, left royal duties less than two years after to pursue financial independence. Following the publication of Harry's new memoir, Spare, a clip of Oliver on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert in February 2018 has resurfaced. He said: "I would not blame her if she pulled out at the last minute. "I don't think you need to have just seen the pilot episode of The Crown to get a basic sense of she might be marrying into a family that could cause her some emotional complications. "I mean, they're an emotionally stunted group of fundamentally flawed people doing a very silly pseudo job. "That's what she's marrying into. So, I hope she likes it, it's going to be weird for her. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'thought she was going to be the Beyonce of the UK'  "I would not marry into the royal family. I'm a commoner. I would not be welcome. Especially after what I've just said." It comes as Harry said he had enough material for two books, but he held back because he does not think his father and brother would "ever forgive" him. Harry's controversial memoir became the fastest selling non-fiction book ever when his tell-all tale lambasting the royal family was finally published this week. The healine-grabbing autobiography Spare, which hit the shelves on Tuesday, includes claims that the Prince of Wales physically attacked him, and that the King put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of the Duchess of Sussex and the Princess of Wales. In an interview with Bryony Gordon of The Daily Telegraph, Harry said: "It could have been two books, put it that way." Gordon writes that Harry told her the first draft was 800 pages - double the final manuscript which comes in at just over 400 pages. Harry told Gordon that there were things he revealed to ghostwriter JR Moehringer "for context", but there was "absolutely no way" they would be included in the book. The duke said it is impossible to tell his story without referring to family members. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry told to 'move back to the UK' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry blasted as Duke 'snubbed' Prince William's 'kind gesture' [ANALYSIS]Meghan ‘can’t risk’ Oprah’s birthday for King’s coronation [VIDEO] He added: "But there are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don't want the world to know. "Because I don't think they would ever forgive me. "Now you could argue that some of the stuff I've put in there, well, they will never forgive me anyway. "But the way I see it is, I'm willing to forgive you for everything you've done, and I wish you'd actually sat down with me, properly, and instead of saying I'm delusional and paranoid, actually sit down and have a proper conversation about this, because what I'd really like is some accountability. "And an apology to my wife."