Body language expert Spidey examined Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's non-verbal narrative on his YouTube channel The Behavioral Art. The expert claimed that something "bizarre" can be observed in one of the first scenes when Meghan is asked why she wanted to make a documentary about their lives. When Meghan gets asked "Why did you want to make this documentary?" she looks up, takes a deep breath and hesitates for a few seconds before answering: "I'm not going to say that it's comfortable, but when you feel that people haven't gotten any sense of who you are for so long, it's really nice to just be able to have the opportunity to let people have a bit more of a glimpse into what's happened and also who we are." The body language expert opined that Meghan's hesitation before she answered the question is "bizarre". He commented: "So she is being asked why she wants to do this documentary and first of all, let's look at her hesitation because it caught me off guard. She hesitates for a while before she even begins to answer." READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests  The expert asked: "Why do you need to think about this? Probably you have been thinking about this project for a while. "You've been working on it for a while, this is probably a question that you knew very much you were going to be asked." Therefore, The Behavioral Art expert claimed that viewers see "this suspense and this hesitation" before they get an answer, and "that was bizarre to me". The answer itself is another "interesting part", he opined, as when she says "I'm not going to say that it's comfortable", that is a "non-answer statement," the expert explained. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below  Meghan doesn't answer the question of why she wants to do this documentary but instead, "she throws that in". In behavioural analysis, "we call all these things delaying tactics". Basically, they are "anything you put between the end of the question and the beginning of the answer," the expert commented. "Typically they are used to delay or to buy time to think of a good answer," he added. The body language guru claimed that delaying tactics normally indicate "that there is a certain intention here and that we need a moment to spin it right, to make sure we're presenting it right". READ MORE: Meghan didn't get any 'guidance' as she did 'weird gesture' with Harry In terms of the gestures and the body language that can be observed when Meghan answers the question, "we see a very slow blink". The behavioural expert commented that this caught his attention as closing the eyes for a long time is unusual. He explained: "In a social situation when the eyes are closed for an extended period of time, typically, means one or two things. "The first one is an unpleasant image we are having a hard time dealing with, and the second reason is when we are trying to think of something and this is a subconscious gesture to help us focus." The body language guru claimed that Meghan closing her eyes for a long period of time before answering the question indicates that the answer is not spontaneous or the first thing that came to her mind. Instead, it seems like it is a prepared answer but she is giving viewers some "suspense" and making sure she "is selling it right". "To me, it indicates that she needs a second here to go to that narrative and we are not getting her first initial gut response, we are getting something that she thought about," Spidey claimed.