Welsh actor Rob Brydon, 57, who is renowned for his impressions of celebrities, had Ronnie Corbett's daughter welling up after he took her on a trip down memory lane by imitating her late dad. The Gavin and Stacey favourite assured that his imitation was "the sincerest form of flattery", and in turn she revealed that his real-life persona reminded her of him too. "I'd always felt an affinity with your dad and he didn't disappoint. We always seemed to hit it off," Rob told Ronnie's daughter Sophie as he guested on her Rockwater podcast. He recreated her father's voice realistically - and drove the emotional 55-year-old, who works as a voiceover artist, presenter and DJ - almost to tears. "You are the best person at impersonating him. He's quite tough to get, but you get him!" she exclaimed. She added: "I might well up a few times doing this interview, because in doing the research, man, you are like him!" READ NOW: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce An equally emotional sounding Rob questioned: "Really?" and explained that he only ever does imitations of people he truly likes. "It always ties in with imitation being the sincerest form of flattery, and I was particularly fond of your dad, so I do feel like giving him a hug or something," he enthused. "I do love that sort of voice... and as it got older, it got deeper and deeper - wonderful sort of sound!" Rob added in her father's tone. He added that he felt more of an affinity with her father than with other greats such as Ronnie Barker, as the latter "didn't have your dad's warmth". The shy comic added that he "loathe to make any kind of comparison in case I get shouted down", but he didn't need to worry about that from Sophie. She exclaimed: "I can make that comparison!", before elaborating: "I felt like I knew you because of you being dad's friend. "You say certain things like dad [and have the same] way of looking at life and what's important to you." As well as discussing the similarities between the pair, Rob also took her on a trip down memory lane when he revealed the unusual link they'd had when they first met. DON'T MISS... Brooklyn Beckham mocked as he surprises wife Nicola in just a towel [VALENTINE'S DAY] Joan Collins dons bikini in Valentine's Day tribute to husband Percy [PICTURES] Chris Packham opens up on raising co-star Megan McCubbin since age two [INTERVIEW] "[Your dad and I] had a connection straight away because my youngest daughter was about to be christened and we had to go to these lessons or gatherings before we had the christening with the vicar," he explained. He recalled that one of his relatives, Grant Corbett, was at the event in preparation for his child to receive a christening too. "Your dad was aware of this, so we had that little connection," he revealed, discussing their encounter at a large event for the BBC. The second time they met was when Rob was performing at a show in Croydon - and fortunately he was able to make the legend laugh, something he remembered was vital to calm his nerves. "I was so nervous that he was in the audience. When I was in the soundcheck, I did an impression of him making a joke just to sort of relax myself," he chuckled. "[Then] when I went out to do the show, I was a bit off because I was so worried - he's in the audience, what's he gonna think?" He needn't have worried, as "about ten minutes in, I heard 'Ahaha!' and I thought 'Thank God, it's your dad!'" That was the moment that sparked off Sophie's deeply emotional memories of her father, and caused her to declare she was close to crying. The full interview is available via the Rockwater In Conversation With podcast here.