Wilfried Gnonto was seen mimicking Marcus Rashford's celebration after giving Leeds the lead over Manchester United on Wednesday night. Matches between Leeds and United have historically been feisty affairs with both sets of fans creating lively atmospheres.  Wednesday night was no different with the Old Trafford faithful making plenty of noise as the game got underway as Erik ten Hag's side looked to continue their impressive home record. But they were quickly silenced inside the very first minute when Gnonto struck past David de Gea from outside the box. After picking up the ball on the left side of the pitch, Gnonto played a one-two with Patrick Bamford before working some space for himself and letting fly. Leeds fans could be heard cheering while the rest of Old Trafford was silent as Gnonto ran over to celebrate directly in front of the home fans. He held his finger over his mouth before being mobbed by his team-mates, but Gnonto then finished his celebration by copying Rashford's trademark move. The 19-year-old pointed his finger to the side of his head, just as Rashford does after he scores a goal.  Leeds signed Gnonto last summer on deadline day after the teenager broke into Italy's senior team under Roberto Mancini. He was slowly brought into the starting line-up by Jesse Marsch and he didn't take long to showcase his talents. The Italian winger grabbed his first Premier League goal in the 2-2 draw with West Ham last month before bagging a brace in the FA Cup tie against Cardiff. Leeds snapped Gnonto up for just under £4m in a deal that now looks to be one of the bargains of the season. Speaking after that FA Cup win over Cardiff, Marsch refused to be drawn on the teenager's current value, but heaped praise on the youngster's development. “More than £4million," he said. “We wanted to have a fast start, obviously that was a dream start. Good ball from Rodrigo, good diagonal chip, good running in the deep from Willy. “And really clever, I think he bumps the defender a little bit, makes a bit of room for himself, arranges his feet and an incredible finish. So Willy is obviously in a good way, a really good way. He’s a very intelligent, humble, grounded, a real human being, who wants to improve, wants to work hard and believes in the process we’ve created for him and the group.”