Five people who were travelling aboard a small medical plane have died after it crashed on Friday night. REMSA Health's PC 12-fixed wing plane went off radar at around 9.45pm and searchers found the aircraft around 90 minutes later at 11.15pm. The pilot, flight nurse, flight paramedic, patient and patient's family member were killed in the crash, a statement from REMSA Health has revealed. REMSA Health said: "We are heartbroken to report that we have now received confirmation from Central Lyon County Fire Department that none of the five people on board survived. "The five people on board were a pilot, a flight nurse, a flight paramedic, a patient and a patient's family member. JUST IN: Pensioner, 80, mauled to death as police use axe to control dangerous dogs "We are in the process of notifying their family members." The statement added: "Our immediate focus is helping our team members and families, as well as the responding agencies. "The Central Lyon Fire Department and Lyon County Sheriff’s Department are coordinating with the National Transportation Safety Board to determine the cause of the crash which is under investigation." READ MORE: Horrible moment thief ploughs huge car into shop before looting cartons of cigarettes  Lyon County Sheriff Brad Pope stressed the invesitgation is ongoing and further information will be provided when it becomes available. In an update about the incident, Sheriff Pope said: "On February 24, 2023, at approximately 9.15 pm, the Lyon County Dispatch Center received multiple calls of a possible aircraft crash in Stagecoach, Nevada." He added: "At approximately 11.15 pm, the aircraft was located." DON'T MISS:US makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation' [REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT]  A sergeant with Lyon County says there are no road closures but the crash site is contained to a field. Stagecoach is around 40miles east of Reno, 15miles west of Silver Springs and 26miles north east of the Silver State's capital Carson City. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews