As the tenth consecutive Bank of England Base Rate rise is expected to be announced today (February 2), many mortgage holders may be concerned about what this may mean for their monthly repayments. However, specialists at Anderson Harris have said there are avenues homeowners can take now to mitigate any problems. A widely expected Base Rate increase to four percent would represent the highest base rate for 15 years, at a time when many households are already struggling with inflated food and energy costs. One “small ray of light” is that fixed mortgage rates have been falling for the past three months, despite the Bank of England’s rate rises, but Anderson Harris notes that “it remains to be seen for how long the mortgage fixed rates will continue to reduce.” Adrian Anderson, director at Anderson Harris said: “Many mortgage holders are in a precarious position right now, with those who are due to renew fixed rate products looking at significantly higher interest rates and tougher affordability calculations than they faced at their last renewal.”  READ MORE: 750,000 homeowners urged to contact lenders as mortgage rates rise  However, he added: “There are avenues that mortgage holders can take to try and stave off the worst of the situation – such as seeking early advice and working proactively with lenders.” Mr Anderson suggested mortgage holders with fixed rate terms that end this year get in touch with their independent mortgage advisors “as soon as possible”. They are also advising those with funds available to consider overpaying into their mortgages prior to renewal, to take advantage of their existing cheaper rate – provided their policy terms around early repayment allow them to do so without penalty. Mr Anderson said: “Many policyholders can pay up to 10 percent a year without incurring early repayment penalties in their mortgage during the fixed rate period. Those who can afford to do so can reduce the pot to which interest is applied, which may help their loan to value at renewal time.”  DON'T MISS: What you can do ‘now’ to secure 'better' mortgage rate [EXPLAINED]Couple have thousands of pounds returned after asset switch [INSIGHT]Interactive map shows where house prices plummeting the most [ANALYSIS]    Mr Anderson also pointed out that many lenders are keen to support their customers through the current period of uncertainty. He said: “While the cost of living situation is grave, in our experience, mortgage lenders want to treat customers fairly and don’t want to launch a tsunami of repossessions. “Each person’s situation is of course different, and banks are reviewing accounts on a case-by-case basis. But, generally speaking, mortgage lenders have an appetite to help if customers alert them in plenty of time to any problems.”  READ MORE: Exact temperature you can safely switch off your central heating  According to Anderson Harris, the team has seen a number of lenders take a range of approaches to help households who are struggling with repayments amid soaring interest rates, such as increasing the capital repayment mortgage term to keep payments lower or switching mortgages in the short-term to interest-only products. Some lenders have also been agreeing to payment holidays in a bid to help those facing particular financial difficulties. Mr Anderson said: “The team’s strongest piece of advice for mortgage holders is not to delay. Those preparing to speak to their lender should ensure they are clear about their current income and outgoings, including assessing how much they may fluctuate in the short term.  “Borrowers should also be open to discussing a range of alternative options with their mortgage lenders.” He added: “Lenders won’t penalise you for having the affordability conversation. These are unprecedented times, and they recognise people will struggle. “It’s important for you and your lender to have clarity over your financial situation, so you can both find a solution which will work for you and your family.” 