A US Navy jet pilot was left stunned after spotting an object soaring over the ocean during a reconnaissance patrol. Video of the moment has resurfaced in the days after the US confirmed a fourth UFO was shot down after it was spotted flying over Lake Huron on Sunday. The object, which was later identified as a "small, metallic balloon," was the fourth unauthorised aircraft to be shot down in North American airspace in less than two weeks. Footage from 2015 showed a pilot reacting with surprise after spotting an aircraft soaring over the waves. The footage's audio shows the US Navy jet pilot exclaiming: "Wow, what is that, man? Look at it fly!" The Pentagon saw a surge in UFO spottings between the summer of 2014 and March 2015, with unidentified objects being reported on a daily basis thought that time period. Navy pilots reported the aircraft appeared to have no visible engine and gave off no exhaust plumes. The pilots also reported seeing the flying objects reach as high as 30,000 ft and hit supersonic speeds. JUST IN: US-China on brink of 'full on conflict' as downing of balloon sparks new Cold War Former Navy Lt. Ryan Graves at the time reported the aircraft could sustain being in the air for an extensive time period, voicing his surprise due to the energy required to keep it in flight. The UFO spotting increase led to speculation about potential evidence of extraterrestrial life but the claims were swiftly shut down by the Department of Defence (DoD). The DoD however issued new classified guidance on reporting UFO spotting by members of the military. Luis Elizondo, the former head of the Pentagon's Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program, insisted there are "simple explanations" for some of the unidentified aerial phenomena Navy personnel have reported but admitted further investigation is needed at times. READ MORE: Cancer warning after train derails with dangerous gas Elizondo told 60 Minutes last year: "We're not just jumping to conclusions and saying, 'oh, that's a UAP out there.' "We're going through our due diligence. Is it some sort of new type of cruise missile technology that China has developed? Is it some sort of high-altitude balloon that's conducting reconnaissance?" He added: "Ultimately when you've exhausted all of those what ifs, you're still left with the fact that this is in our airspace and it's real. That's when it becomes compelling and that is when it becomes problematic." Former national defence analyst Jim Ludes said the four objects recently downed by NORAD have created a "playground" for conjecture and misinformation. DON'T MISS:Nikki Haley dubbed ‘unfit for POTUS' as 'insane' video unearthed [REPORT]MSU and Sandy Hook shootings survivor, 21, calls for tighter gun laws [INSIGHT]US Senator’s warning over Chinese spy balloon - 'Lock your doors' [ANALYSIS] Ludes said: "There will be an investigation and we will learn more, but until then this story has created a playground for people interested in speculating or stirring the pot for their own reasons. "In part because it feeds into so many narratives about government secrecy.” The Biden Administration has maintained the increase in shootdowns has been the result of "heightened security" after a suspected Chinese spy balloon flew over the US for days without military intervention The US tracked it for several days after it left China, an official, who spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity, said. It appears to have been blown off its initial trajectory and ultimately flew over the continental US, the official added. White House national security spokesman John Kirby told reporters it is not likely the additional four objects were “intelligence collection against the United States of any kind — that’s the indication now.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews