With spring just around the corner, many Britons will be looking to give their properties a refresh either with a thorough cleaning or by changing up their interiors. While interiors are largely down to personal taste, it’s important to think about how certain colours and styles will impact future buyers. For example, a cluttered interior, busy wallpaper, swirly, patterned carpets and outlandish colours might not be to everyone’s taste. Furthermore, certain interior trends and colours that were once popular can easily go out of fashion, making your home less appealing to future buyers. With this in mind, Joshua Hammonds, marketing manager at Hammonds Furniture has shared the interior trends to “avoid” that could “devalue” your property. Joshua said: “A previous study from Hammonds Furniture found that finding a property that’s decorated in a style they like is a top priority for two out of five (40 percent) when house hunting. “So, your home’s interior style or the trends you go for are very important if you’re wanting to add value to your home. READ MORE: ‘Holy grail’ product to ‘restore’ white bedding for 29p “We found that nearly a third (32 percent) of house hunters would offer below the asking price for a house decorated in a maximalist style, meaning this interior trend could possibly devalue your home if you’re looking to sell. “This would mean avoiding bright colours, layered patterns and bold, contrasting designs in your home, and instead opting for simple interior design styles to increase your home’s appeal. “Bohemian and art deco styles, both again characterised by their use of colour and pattern, were also unpopular with house hunters, as 31 percent would also pay less for a home with interiors styled this way. “Based on this data, it may be smart for those looking to sell their home to stay away from these interiors to avoid devaluing their home in the eyes of potential buyers.” DON'T MISS65p effective deterrent to stop rats invading gardens - ‘they hate’ it [INSIGHT]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [UPDATE]Manhattan apartment has cheap rent - but it comes with a catch [ANALYSIS] Hammonds surveyed 2,000 UK adults to find out which interior design styles would put Britons off a home, and whether there are any styles that actually increase what a buyer offers on a home. Minimalism is the most coveted interior style with Britons - and it’s no surprise why. The trend involves minimal clutter, white walls, clean lines, minimal colours and simplicity. A home with a minimalist interior allows buyers to envision themselves living in the property. READ MORE: Seven ‘inexpensive’ DIY jobs to add value to your home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The average person would offer £3,600 over the asking price for a minimalist home. Over one in 10 (11 percent) surveyed claimed they would even offer up to £5,000 above the asking price for a minimalist-style home. The style is particularly popular with Gen Z with 12 percent of 18 to 24-year-olds claiming they would offer up to £10,000 over the asking price for a home decorated in this way. Neutral colour palettes are also popular with Britons with farmhouse decor being a firm favourite. Farmhouse decor mixes both traditional styles with modern decor to create a perfect mix of cosiness, clean lines and splashes of colour. Property expert Nick Neill, managing director at EweMove Sales & Lettings Ltd said sellers should opt for minimalist decor for a quick sale. He told Hammonds: “The truth is that most viewers can’t see beyond the current owner's decor, furniture and overall look and feel, and this means home sellers with eccentric or less popular designs often struggle to sell their homes quickly. “The style that most buyers are attracted to is minimalism. It creates the feeling of a clean, light, spacious home which lets people imagine themselves living there. “To achieve this style, we recommend moving personal mementos into storage, and reducing what some people might consider clutter. “If a home is decorated with bright colours, sellers may consider muting this with some neutral colours in the interest of maximising the number of interested viewers. You can leverage this to secure the highest bidder and achieve a quicker sale.”