The ITV drama series saw Karen Pirie (played by Lauren Lyle), a young detective-sergeant put in charge of reopening a cold case for the murder of a barmaid. The series is based on the first novel by Val McDermid, The Distant Echo. Due to the popularity of the show, it has been renewed for a thrilling second series. The first episode saw an audience total of 6.6 million viewers and averaged out at 5.9 million across the series. Its success marked it as one of the most-watched new dramas on ITV last year, securing a spot in the top 10 dramas on ITVX. The show was adapted by Line of Duty writer Emer Kenny from Val McDermid’s hugely popular cold case novels, with the second series looking at the second novel, A Darker Domain. Lauren Lyle will return as the young Scottish investigator who is known for her quick wit and desire to get to the bottom of a case. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue The latest series will see the reopening of the investigation into the unsolved kidnapping of a wealthy young heiress and her baby son back in 1985. Speaking about the news of season 2, Lauren said: “I'm thrilled that we will continue the life of our fearless young detective Karen Pirie, and of course, her bumbag. "I've known for a while how well the show has gone down behind the scenes so it's been a joy to see audiences want more. "It's a creative honour to work alongside Emer Kenny with the backbone of Val McDermid's story, season 1 was incredibly exciting building an original character we hadn't seen before. "I look forward to getting the gang back together and finally being able to answer the question: ‘Please say there will be a season 2?’ with an ‘Oh yes.’" ITV's drama commissioner Huw Kennair Jones also commented: “We're thrilled the audience loves Karen Pirie as much as we do and can't wait to get going on Val McDermid's fantastic A Darker Domain with World Productions. "Returning to the world and characters that Emer so skillfully created and Lauren so brilliantly realised promises to be as exciting and fresh as season 1.” Emer Kenny took to her Twitter after Radio Times tweeted out that the series would be returning. DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [WATCH]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [LATEST]Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm [INSIGHT] Radio Times wrote: "#KarenPirie renewed for season 2, based on Val McDermid's second book," alongside an image of Lauren starring as DS Pirie. Emer replied: "Delighted & daunted! Haven’t written it yet but I FULLY INTEND TO." Viewers of the series were thrilled when they saw the interaction between the two accounts and expressed their joy at its return. @PhelpsieSarah commented: "Fantastic! I loved it!" @DebbieBlackma14 added: "Brilliant news for #KarenPirie. Loved it. Now we need a #Vera renewal." @BrianSoaps exclaimed: "YES look forward to you writing Season 2 #KarenPirie." @khills77 said: "So happy for Lauren! Season 2 is so well-deserved! #LaurenLyle #KarenPirie." @BertienKl1969 praised: "Wow!!!! That is fantastic news! Well deserved @LlaurenLyle. Looking forward to seeing you as Karen again, this character fits you like a glove #karenpirie." (sic) Karen Pirie season 2 will premiere on ITV1 and ITVX, with the previous first season available to stream on ITVX now.