On February 2, BBC audiences were left shocked by audience members' attitudes towards transgender panellist India Willoughby. India and the panellists had been discussing safeguarding female spaces when some people in the audience passionately argued against transwomen being allowed in women's spaces, which India later called "a lynch mob". The broadcaster has since addressed the controversy and defended the Question Time episode. Fiona Bruce led the debate while Jenny Gilruth, Ian Murray and Ella Whelan joined India as guests. During the debate, one person in the audience insisted sex could not be "changed". They argued: "There are good men and there are predatory men, we should not allow trans into female spaces. "There are good trans and there are predatory trans and that’s a fact." READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star Calling the audience a "lynch mob," India added: "I can’t imagine any other minority being talked about in that way and everyone just sitting back and letting it take place." Responding to the episode, the BBC stated: "The aim was to have a civilised and polite conversation, while also recognising that this is a highly sensitive issue with concerns being expressed on all sides of the debate. "We heard prominent contributions from the Scottish government representative around support for their legislative proposals on gender reform and from India Willoughby – who as we indicated in our introduction is a trans rights campaigner. "Fiona Bruce treated all members of the panel fairly and intervened when necessary to keep the discussion on track. "All panellists were given ample time to voice their opinions. We also heard a wide range of viewpoints from the audience during this particular debate." Viewers at the time took to social media to criticise the handling of the debate. Twitter user @IamSamHart wrote: "@IndiaWilloughby Just got chance to watch #QuestionTime and I have to applaud you on your professionalism in dealing with some of the nonsense comments from those on the panel and from the audience. "The comments were eye-opening and you have my full support." DON'T MISS... Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star [LATEST]Better writer warns BBC drama divide viewers with 'complex' character [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale couple ripped apart as beloved star quits [LATEST] @MattDurand96 added: I think we've all seen the...event, that was last week's #QuestionTime and the inexcusable Transphobia @IndiaWilloughby was subjected to by the seemingly, almost undeniably hand-picked audience to get one response..."  Just a pointless sl***ing match, they did nothing but cause more of a divide. #EllaWhelan #IndiaWilloughby @bbcquestiontime." (sic) @Lordflashh3art argued: "All these people laying into #IndiaWilloughby need to #bekind. "I think she did a great job on #QuestionTime last night, loved the behind the scenes interview." (sic) "Crikey... That was a firey #QuestionTime exchange. A measured conversation would have trumped what came across as bullying at times," @HaksPheenom shared. @Words_Of_Heresy posted: "#QuestionTime #bbcqt So some people don't like what India Willoughby has to say - she doesn't speak for all trans women. "The overwhelming majority of trans women are not monsters or predators. They just want to live their lives in peace." Question Time airs Thursdays at 8pm on BBC iPlayer and 10.35pm on BBC One.