After rising to fame as part of the original Top Gear trio alongside Richard Hammond, 53, and James May, 60, Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has been more focused on farming in recent years. Fans have become invested in Jeremy’s journey as he took over a farm in the Cotswolds, naming it Diddly Squat in reference to the lack of money he was making from the venture to begin with. Interest piqued when Jeremy launched his Amazon Prime Video docuseries, Clarkson’s Farm, to give fans an insight into his experiences. However, one person who didn’t show as much interest, according to Jeremy, is his The Grand Tour co-star James. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk while hosting his third Hawkstone Session at the Hawkstone Brewery, Jeremy was quizzed on whether James and Richard have been supportive, as he pursues his farm project. The outspoken TV personality admitted that although Richard was set to attend his event that day, to promote his lager made using Diddly Squat Farm produce, James had compared farming to “big gardening”. READ MORE... Denise Welch reacts after being told she hogs Loose Women spotlight Jeremy explained: “I don’t think James is particularly [supportive].  “I don’t think he’s watched it, I don’t know,” the star added, in reference to his Clarkson’s Farm series.  Jeremy continued: “He said farming, the other day, was ‘big gardening!’  “I think Hammond might come today.” At the festival-inspired event, Jeremy enjoyed some time to unwind at his brewery, as 2,500 Hawkstonians, who are monthly subscribers to the star’s beer and his co-star Kaleb’s cider, got free tickets to see live music from JP Cooper and Jack Savoretti. Jeremy was joined by his girlfriend Lisa Hogan, Kaleb, and fans of his Diddly Squat Farm-produced booze, featuring a new vodka, made authentically with local ingredients. The disgruntled star’s comments come after James described farming as "just big gardening" following the success of Clarkson’s Farm. When asked by The Sun if he would ever be tempted to get into the farming business like Jeremy, James said: “Christ no. DON'T MISS:Amanda Holden strips down to lingerie in ageless Valentine's Day shootCarol Kirkwood wows in LBD as she reunites with ex co-star Dan WalkerAnne Hegerty admits struggle to film The Chase due to Bradley Walsh “Farming is just big gardening in my view. I’m not going anywhere near that.”  More recently, James issued another dig at Jeremy over his controversial comments about Meghan Markle, 41.  James’ criticism of his Top Gear co-star followed Jeremy’s apology for claiming in his column that he despised the Duchess of Sussex so much, he had pictured her "being pelted with excrement" while being “paraded naked through the streets".  Earlier this week, James branded Jeremy’s comments “creepy” during an appearance on BBC Radio 4's Today show. "I wouldn't have written that. I think it sounds a little bit too creepy," James said of Jeremy’s harsh words about Meghan.  However, the car enthusiast also added: "I'm very much in favour of free speech and allowing the 'haters to hate' so we can see what they have to say.”  Jeremy’s column about the royal - which has since been deleted - sparked more than 20,000 formal complaints with IPSO.  James also clarified that he doesn’t share Jeremy’s feelings about Prince Harry’s wife, telling the broadcaster: "I'd like to go on record and say I don’t.”  Hawkstone is available to consumers directly through www.Hawkstone.co and the Diddly Squat Farm Shop. Consumers can also order Hawkstone from Amazon.co.uk.  Clarkson fans can subscribe to become an Hawkstonian here.