After Cain (played by Jeff Hordley) was arrested for killing Al (Michael Wildman), guilt got the better of Kyle (Huey Quinn) and he confessed to the crime. It wasn't until uncle Caleb Milligan (William Ash) came along and pushed his confession, which led to Kyle being put into care temporarily. Now, official Emmerdale spoilers reveal that after being put back in the care of Amy Wyatt, (Natalie Ann Jamieson) she is considering going for full custody which doesn't sit well with Cain. In upcoming scenes, Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) ) fails to hide his inner conflict when he asks Amy if sole custody of Kyle is the best thing for him. Matty has been struggling with a sense of divided loyalties since Cain and Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) are his family too, so Amy tries to stay strong for terrified Kyle ahead of his hearing. Feeling powerless ahead of his son’s hearing, Cain strong-arms his way into Keepers to see Kyle, leaving Amy fuming at his intrusion. Seeing how important it is for Cain and Kyle to share a moment, Caleb persuades Amy to calm down and let them have a moment. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Everyone is left on tenterhooks when Kyle’s solicitor phones with big news. Will the youngster be sent down for protecting his father? Later, after running on adrenaline and feeling emotional due to Kyle's trial, Amy spontaneously proposes to Matty. Moira’s delighted to hear about Amy’s proposal from Matty, however, she can’t help noticing his unease. Later, Matty confesses his fear that he's being used and the proposal was part of Amy’s plan to get full custody of Kyle. Moira is left stunned and rages at Matty’s news regarding Amy’s custody intentions. Frustrated with the situation, Moira desperately tries to calm Cain as he bangs on Amy’s door, desperate to shout the odds over her plan to get full custody of Kyle. Will Amy and Cain's custody battle leave Kyle feeling like a loose piece in the family, making him feel more divided within the family? Seeing the drama that is being caused, Kyle may take matters into his own hands and decide who he wants to live with full-time, leaving one parent heartbroken. DON'T MISS...EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue  [WATCH]BBC viewers beg Sally Nugent to 'calm down' over 'aggressive' grilling [LATEST]Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' [INSIGHT] But, will the youngster end up choosing Amy or Cain? Amy actress Natalie Ann Jamieson recently opened up about the custody storyline and revealed she agreed with Amy's decisions. She told Digital Spy: "I do back Amy because when she's going for sole custody, it's not that she wants Kyle to stop seeing Cain altogether. "She just wants to flip the current situation. Up until recently, Kyle has been living with Cain and Moira, while Amy had him for the odd night. "Now Amy wants Kyle to live under her roof, but Cain and Moira can still see him and take him out. "I think that's fair. Since Kyle has just shot a man, I think it's worth a bash! I can see why Amy would want this. "I'm sure anyone who was in this situation in real life would do a similar thing. So I can definitely back Amy and see that she wants to protect Kyle." Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.