The Gimme More hitmaker took to Instagram this evening to unveil the video, which she hinted her husband wouldn’t approve of. Britney Spears revealed Sam “hates” the clip, which shows the singer trying on skimpy outfits she made herself. The pop megastar admitted her other half, who she married last year, also wasn’t keen on the black skirt she wore in the video. Despite Sam’s opinions, Britney hinted she was unbothered, as she posed up a storm in view of her 41.7 million followers. The first outfit the Toxic singer posed in was a black co-ord, featuring a skirt with a thigh-high split and a matching crop top. Britney could be seen almost revealing too much as she pulled the skirt down very low on her hips, exposing her tattoos. READ MORE... Penny Lancaster wows on her and Rod Stewart's lookalike son's birthday Britney accessorised with a clutch bag designed to look like a lipstick pout. Later in the video, the star threw a blazer over her shoulders and placed a burgundy hat on her blonde curls. She captioned the post: "Last night before dinner at Nobu … Why is that place so good and how come I always sit by the fire !!! Either way, best night ever !!! "My hubby hates this video, he thinks this black outfit is bad … I’m confused … Oh well ..."  The star continued: "I made the diamond dress and two more last night … 170 bucks for the front diamond panel I found somewhere then I added a slip … okay it’s not Versace but I made it myself … "I also added a design at the bottom of bigger stones, I pieced it together then a lady helped me sew it … I was bored but creating is so cool !!!" Britney's second outfit was an incredibly glamorous silver embellished dress. The skimpy gown flashed her figure with sheer panels and a very short skirt. DON'T MISS:Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than everGogglebox’s Scarlett Moffatt announces she's pregnant in sweet postGabby Logan scolds husband Kenny Logan for discussing sex life Britney showed off her dance moves while unveiling her outfits in the racy clip, as she mischievously slapped her derriere while putting on a leggy display in the "diamond dress". The blonde beauty twirled around to the sounds of Justin Bieber's hit song Where Are U Now. It comes after Britney hit back at rumours her family had tried to stage an intervention due to concerns for her wellbeing. Denying source quotes published by TMZ, Britney fumed: “It makes me sick to my stomach that it’s even legal for people to make up stories that I almost died.  “I mean at some point enough is enough!” Mum-of-two Britney went on to reassure fans she's "doing the best I can" after being freed from her conservatorship, controlled by her father, just over a year ago. Britney's denial was in response to reports claiming her husband Sam, her manager, doctors, and an interventionist were planning to persuade her to get treatment. The source claimed her loved ones and team were "afraid she's gonna die".