Coronation Street barmaid Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) has been determined to get it into Justin's (Andrew Still) head that she is marrying Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) and he needs to let his delusions of their relationship go. After unsuccessful communications from the police, things are set to take a turn as Daisy takes matters into her own hands, but it could have considerable consequences for the aspiring social media influencer. In upcoming scenes, Daisy receives a voicemail from Justin and is shocked that he has found her number again. She and Jenny Connor (Sally-Ann Matthews) soon realise that a package which was delivered to Daisy had her number on it, and it just so happens that Justin has taken a delivery job to be closer to her. Clearly shaken by the call, Jenny suggests to Daisy that she take a break from social media and turn her phone off. However, this is met with more anger from Daisy as she explains that she shouldn't be the one to back down. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal Later in the week, Daisy spots Justin outside the funeral home with flowers and assumes that they are for her. She confronts him and expresses that she is fed up with his games and wishes for him to leave her alone, before throwing the flowers on the floor and standing on them. Justin tries to explain that they are for his mother who has recently died and touches Daisy on the arm but she freaks out and punches Justin in the face. The altercation is seen by George Suttleworth (Tony Maudsley) who is unaware of their situation and shouts at Daisy for her behaviour. Charlotte Jordan recently opened up on the stalking storyline and teased that there are consequences for her upcoming actions. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, she touched on scenes where Daisy is approached by PC Jess (actor's name?) and is told Justin has accused her of assault. Charlotte explained: "So this is the main thing that makes her feel even more isolated and even more alone because she has been going to the police and saying 'please help me'. "And they have been sort of chucking everything back on her, going, 'Well he has not actually committed a crime so just keep a note and come back to use' which is ridiculous. DON'T MISS...BAFTA chaos as wrong Supporting Actress declared award winner  [LATEST]Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show [INSIGHT]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [WATCH] "Even though she has been to them two or three times by now, this is the first time Justin has called about her and all of a sudden they jump into action. "They know the history and they know what has been going on so she feels totally isolated and totally helpless. Has Justin got the upper hand on the situation and made Daisy out to be the bad guy? Will Daisy be reprimanded for her actions? The bride-to-be has been desperate to organise her wedding to Daniel in peace, with the pair having a rocky start to their relationship. Charlotte and Rob both joined ITV's Lorraine on Monday morning to discuss the storyline and touched on their relationship outside of their characters. Lorraine asked: You have got to get on with somebody, and do you have that sort of shorthand now? Where you really trust each other and you know what you are going to do and what you are going to say?" Rob admitted: "Like you say, you do develop a shorthand where you understand what the person you are working with needs and they understand what you need as well and also you can say, I feel like doing this in this scene are you alright with me to just go with it?" However, Charlotte revealed: "See he sounds very professional but in actual fact Lorraine what he likes to do is leave me notes on set, silly notes that will make me giggle, naughty notes just to see if I can keep a straight face, see he sounds professional but he is not." Rob explained: "But it is an old corrie tradition because apparently Vera and Jack used to have the script dotted around in bits of props and they used to enjoy hiding it from each other so that during a take they would look in a laundry basket to look for their next line and it suddenly wouldn't be there, just to keep things fun." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.