Queen Letizia and King Felipe were seen arriving at the Royal Academy of History in the capital of Spain this morning, February 28. The royal couple sat front row with the Vice President of the Government, Nadia Calviño, and waited for the presentation to begin. Queen Letizia looked elegant in a chic pink and black outfit. The Spanish royal donned a light pink turtleneck jumper with long sleeves and a tight fit. She combined this with a mid-length, pleated skirt, which she had accessorised with a thick, black belt. Letizia's skirt was unique as it was ombré - the garment's colours seeped into each other, changing from black to light pink. It also featured vertical stripes, which elongated Letizia's legs. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures Letizia completed her look with a pair of suede, knee-high boots, which she has been seen wearing many times before. To accessorise, the Spanish royal carried a black leather handbag and wore small, stud earrings, which seemed to be pearls. Her brunette locks were styled straight over her shoulders, and her make-up was its usual style. Letizia wore a little mascara, eyeshadow, bronzer, and a slick of lipgloss. DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] Letizia has worn her blush pink ombre skirt before - one example being March last year to an event in Léon hosted by the Spanish Federation of Rare Diseases. The skirt is the 'Mila' from Reiss - a British fashion brand popular with both British and European royals. The garment is still available to buy on the retailer's website, in cream and black, for £158. Reiss called it a "versatile" wear that can be styled with knitwear and heels. The skirt also comes in a bright blue. READ MORE: How to look younger - 5 essential anti-aging skincare products to 'reduce fine lines' Similar skirt are, however, available elsewhere, such as the Pleated Ombré Skirt in ivory by Evans. This is available on the fashion retailer's website for £52.80. Letizia has been busy in recent weeks and was seen on Thursday, February 23, at the ARCO Contemporary Art Fair in Madrid. She wore a blush pink outfit for this event too. The Spanish royal donned a shirt-like midi dress by Spanish brand Moisés Nieto. She combined this with Furla's Top Handle Mini Bag in Toni Ballerina and a pair of nude heels from Prada. Her earrings for the occasion were the 'Babidi' earrings from Los Angeles-based brand Cashfana, and she wore an unique gold ring. This was from Italian brand Coreterno and engraved with the words 'Amor Che Tutto Move'.