 Pretty much everything else has crashed over the last 12 troubled months. Stock markets, economic confidence, our incomes (in real terms). Either that or they rocketed. Such as inflation, the cost of living, interest and mortgage rates. All spell bad news for the property market, yet somehow bricks and mortar stood firm despite war in Ukraine, the energy shock and rocketing inflation and interest rates. At least, so far. Asking prices actually rose this month, if only by £14 to £362,452, according to Rightmove. That's the smallest increase from January to February ever. Asking is one thing, getting is another. Latest Halifax figures show completion prices dropped 3.6 percent in the three months to January. However, they are still 1.9 percent higher than a year ago. There are growing signs of a stand-off between sellers and buyers. Buyers don't want to match today’s asking prices, in case they end up paying over the odds. Vendors are reluctant to accept lower bids, to avoid selling themselves short. Transactions have slumped as a result. A housing market meltdown would be bad for the economy as a whole, making people feel even poorer. We could do without that on top of everything else. Something has to give, though. There are plenty of reasons why house prices haven't crashed so far. We still aren't building enough homes to solve the housing crisis. With the UK population projected to increase by another 433,274 in 2023, that is not going to change. Demand still exceeds supply, and this is underpinning prices. UK prices look relatively cheap to overseas buyers, due to the collapse in the pound. That is helping to prop up sales in London, which is skewing house price figures across the country. The Bank of Mum & Dad is doing its bit. First-time buyers were responsible for more than half of new mortgage-funded purchases last year. Many will have got parental help. Perhaps the key reason prices haven't crashed is that most UK homeowners have fixed-rate mortgages. That helped them weather last autumn's mortgage storm, when rates hit 6.5 percent in the wake of former Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng's mini-Budget. Yet fixed-rates do not last forever. The most popular type runs for just two years, and when they expire homeowners could see their mortgage rate jump from as little as one percent to four or five percent. If they can't afford to pay hundreds of pounds more every month on top of everything else, they could be forced to sell. With buy-to-let landlords already fleeing the market ahead of tough new tenancy rules, we could soon be swamped with supply. READ MORE: Areas where asking prices are being slashed to ‘entice’ buyers     UK property is still insanely expensive. The average home now costs a record high 9.2 times annual earnings, rising to 12 times in London, official figures show. The main culprit is the Bank of England, which slashed interest rates almost to zero after the financial crisis, then held them there for a dozen years. Everybody expected a full-blown housing market crash in 2009 and again in 2020, during the early stages of the pandemic. In both cases, house prices rocketed, as the BoE raced to the rescue. It can't save us this time. The BoE is expected to continue hiking interest rates this year, to at least 4.5 percent, as it battles inflation. House prices are too high and have to fall. Lloyds predicts a seven percent drop this year. Japanese bank Nomura forecasts 15 percent. Our residential property market is on the edge of a precipice. Only thing can save it. If inflation falls sharply in the second half of this year, as some predict, interest rates could fall sharply too, easing the pressure on borrowers. A house price dip may be a good thing if it makes property a bit more affordable but a full-on crash would hurt like hell. We'll soon find out which one it's going to be.  