 The UK is going through another fit of anti-capitalist fury as campaigners furiously denounce our biggest companies for doing what they are supposed to do, which is make money. First, it was the turn off oil giants BP and Shell, which posted “obscene” profits of $28billion (£23billion) and $39.9billion respectively in 2022. They were accused of profiteering on rising gas prices due to the war in Ukraine while rowing back on climate change commitments. British Gas owner Centrica was next to be shamed for tripling its annual profit to £3.3 billion while its cash-strapped customers shiver at home. Finally, it was the turn of the big banks to be called out. On Wednesday, Barclays announced £7billion pre-tax profits for 2022. On Friday, NatWest, which is still 44 percent owned by the taxpayer, announced a bumper £5.2billion profit. Adding insult to injury, it lavished boss Alison Rose with a £5.2million pay package, while boosting its bonus pool for bankers. This triggered fresh calls for a windfall tax on excess bank profits. The banks already pay extra tax, in the shape of a 0.1 percent levy on bank balance sheets, and an eight per cent surcharge on profits above the 19 percent rate of corporation tax. Banks claim anything more would damage the sector and the wider economy. Well they would, wouldn't they?   I’m torn by this. The ailing UK economy desperately needs more companies to make heaps of money. It would be a sign that UK plc economy is in rude health, and fill the Exchequer's coffers with much-needed tax revenues. If profit is seen as a dirty word, we might as well give up. Energy company and big bank success has helped drive the FTSE 100 to record highs, boosting the nation’s pensions and Isas. That's a good thing. These companies have also been through lean times and may need those profits if energy prices fall or the housing market crashes, leading to a surge in bad debts that will hurt bank balance sheets. That's the case for the defence. The problem is that the big banks in particular make it very, very difficult to rally to their cause. We all remember how rampant banker greed triggered the financial crisis, and how the sector was only saved from total meltdown by multi-billion pound taxpayer bailouts. They took the money with scarcely a word of thanks, and proceeded to pocket outsize bonuses while paying savers next to nothing for more than a decade. As if that wasn't bad enough, they are continuing their aggressive programmes of branch closures, claiming they can't afford to run them. Really? After this week? READ MORE: Full list of bank branch closures in 2023 Hopes that the banks would pass on rising interest rates to long-suffering customers have been dashed. While the Bank of England has increased base rates from 0.1 percent to four percent, rates on the Barclays Everyday Saver have crept up to just 0.55 percent, while its Instant Cash Saver pays just 0.65 percent. Barclays Rainy Day Saver does pay five percent, but with plenty of strings attached. It is restricted to Barclays Blue Rewards current account holders, and is only paid on a maximum £5,000. After that, it falls to 0.55 percent. Similarly, NatWest Flexible Saver pays just 0.65 percent on balances between £1 and £24,999, rising to 1.50 percent thereafter. Its Digital Regular Saver pays six percent, but again, with strings. That rate is only paid to current account holders who can pay in a maximum of just £150 a month to a maximum balance of £5,000. Lloyds will almost certainly announce big profits next week. It will make no difference to their savings customers, either. Outraged MPs have blasted the big banks for their poor savings rates, but to absolutely no effect. As we have seen before, they are immune to shame. If the big banks do get hit with a windfall tax, they will only have themselves to blame. 