Paramount Plus’ hit show 1923 is a successor to Taylor Sheridan’s 1883 and a prequel to Yellowstone. The show has gripped viewers as it follows the Dutton dynasty, with a cast led by Harrison Ford and Helen Mirren. Although season two of the show has been confirmed, star Brandon Sklenar who plays Spencer Dutton gave fans a not-so-thrilling update. After the outstanding success of season one, the second run for 1923 was confirmed earlier in February. The Spencer Dutton actor lifted the lid on the upcoming season two of 1923 when talking with TV Line. Sklenar was asked if the cast had shot any of season two yet. To which the actor replied: “Not yet. It’s still being written”. This may come as disappointing news for fans wanting to know what happens next. The news comes after the official Twitter account of 1923 confirmed the season two renewal. Alongside a picture of the cast members on horseback, Helen Mirren (Cara Dutton) was seen in the centre of the snap with her hands in the air. The tweet read: “TFW you realise there's a season 2 of #1923TV.” Fans fled to share their excitement under the tweet, whilst also expressing their relief to hopefully find out what's next in store for Spencer Dutton (Brandon Sklenar). One fan @CCanuck1commented: “Can’t say I’m shocked by the ending. The stuff with the hookers was pointless filler but the rest was solid can’t wait for next season to see how Spencer deals with everything”. Another @jbrd24 added: “Thank god, that finale did not finalize anything at all. 1883 was so much better, imo.” A third @Terrij7Terri wrote: "Thank God!! I am obsessed with this new spin-off! So sad we don’t get more #1883TV as well!! "I have no doubt there will be nominations for this series. Spencer and Alex’s storyline gives the show a depth I wasn’t expecting. I [love heart emoji] the separate timelines now although it grew on me." 1923’s premiere was the most-watched show of 2022 across the US on cable, drawing in 7.4 million viewers. Fans can hope for another speedy production like season one of the show that first kicked off in July 2022, with episode one then launching on Paramount+ in December. But as Sklenar confirmed, filming hasn't even begun yet as it's still being written so it looks like fans could possibly see the show debut at the end of the year. The finale of 1923 was titled Nothing Left to Lose and it saw Spencer win a sword fight on yet another ship trying to return home to his struggling family in Montana.  When asked about his character's mindset following the events of season one, Sklenar believes his character is “unshakeable”. The actor explained: “He’s the kind of guy, when he makes his mind up, that’s it. There’s no getting him away from that. "He’s so decisive and so strong in his decisiveness. He’d go to the end of the Earth and fight anybody and do anything to keep that alive." Fans can expect to see Spencer return to season two as his storyline was not finalised in the finale episode. Season one of 1923 is currently streaming on Paramount+.