Brendan Rodgers may have given Newcastle the green light to pursue Leicester City star James Maddison in the summer. The midfielder has been heavily linked with a move away from the King Power Stadium, with his contract expiring at the end of next season. Maddison has scored seven and assisted four in 14 Premier League appearances so far this season, though he hasn’t been able to prevent the Foxes from being dragged into a relegation battle. Leicester are currently in 14th place and just a point above the bottom three and they will need to add consistency to their performances if they are to avoid the drop. Questions have been raised about Rodgers’ ability with the Foxes given that his squad is scattered with star players that are capable of competing at the very top level. Maddison is certainly one of those, with Newcastle long-term admirers of the playmaker and plotting a move for him in the summer. And Rodgers may have sent a message to the Magpies to tell them that his side are willing to let go of key players in his press conference earlier this week. Asked about whether Leicester rebuilding in the summer could be funded by some significant departures, the former Liverpool boss said: “It’s something that in the main has always been done at Leicester. "You can never be frightened of that. It’s all about that pipeline of players, bringing in the next one. It’s the model that’s here. Early on in my career, I had a player I was absolutely devastated to lose because I thought it would make a big impact on the way my team played. “I never thought we could play how we wanted without his qualities, but we ended up getting someone in who was absolutely brilliant. From that point, I never really fell too much in love with a player. I love talent but players will come and go. And if they do it’s just a case of making sure you’ve got the next ones to come in. Footballers have short careers and they have to maximise that. “I am a custodian of the club, I have to look after the club and make sure we can try to get the next one in. That’s what we’ll do here.” Leicester tabled two bids for Maddison last summer and are likely to reignite their interest in the summer when they will be hoping to be able to offer him Champions League football at St James’ Park.