Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner have been subpoenaed to testify in front of a federal grand jury - a move described as a "big deal" by a legal expert. On Wednesday, the New York Times reported that Special Counsel Jack Smith subpoenaed the couple just two weeks after it was revealed he had also subpoenaed former Vice President Mike Pence. Mike Pence certified the 2020 presidential election while rioters erected a noose for him outside the Capitol on January 6, 2021. Both Kushner and Ivanka worked as advisors in Trump's White House and them being called to testify highlights how deeply the special counsel is digging into Trump's inner circle. Legal Analyst Glenn Kirschner, a former US Army prosecutor, said Smith was moving at "light speed" with the investigation. He added: "He seems to have a real 'take no prisoners' approach to investigating, that is until he begins taking prisoners."  Kirschner also noted that Julia Radford, Ivanka Trump's former Chief of Staff, had appeared before the House Committee investigating the January 6 riot. She said Ivanka was in the Oval Office with her father where she said he berated the vice president for defying his orders and certifying the election, something Trump has denied. Kirschner told his 460,000 YouTube followers: "Putting that kind of evidence before the grand jury investigating Donald Trump's responsibility for the insurrection, for the deadly attack on the Capitol, is a big deal."  READ MORE: South Park exposes flaw in Harry and Meghan's complaint with the media Trump has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing related to the January 6 attack on the Capitol, though he has continued to claim falsely that the 2020 election was stolen or "rigged" against him. He has also blasted Special Counsel Smith, calling him "far left" on his site Truth Social. Smith is separately investigating the former president's handling of classified documents to determine if he committed any federal crimes after the FBI recovered files at his Mar-a-Lago estate last August. Trump said on Truth Social that he had specifically told Kushner and Ivanka not to help out on his 2024 campaign because it would be "too mean and nasty". Responding to allegations he asked Pence to overturn the election, Trump said in June: "I never asked V.P. Pence to ‘overturn’ the election (although Thomas Jefferson ‘took’ the Georgia votes), but that he send the votes back to the Legislatures so that they could determine if the irregularities and Fraud were as widespread and signficant as they seemed.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 