Casemiro will miss Manchester United's next three domestic games after receiving a straight red card in Saturday's Premier League clash against Crystal Palace. The Brazilian was dismissed after a VAR check for grabbing Will Hughes by the throat during a huge second-half scuffle. United were cruising at Old Trafford after Marcus Rashford fired the hosts 2-0 ahead in the 62nd minute. Less than 10 minutes later, chaos ensued... Jeffrey Schlupp assertively forced Antony off the pitch for a throw-in, causing the 22-year-old winger to fall into the trench. He looked in pain before it looked like something was said toward Antony by a Palace man, prompting him to leap up with fury to confront. Several United and Eagles players then got involved, including Casemiro, who was involved in a verbal spat with Schlupp before Antony chest-bumped the midfielder. That kick-started the crucial incident as tempers flared, leading to Casemiro grabbing Hughes by the throat. Referee Andre Marriner missed the incident, but after a VAR review, he was sent to the pitchside monitor and decided to show red. DON'T MISS: Arteta goes full Guardiola as Arsenal boss speaks on Everton defeat Casemiro, crucial to Erik ten Hag's plans, will now miss United's next three domestic games, which all fall in the Premier League. The 30-year-old will be absent for next week's mouthwatering double-header against Leeds United at Old Trafford on Wednesday and Elland Road on Sunday. Ten Hag will also be without him for Leicester City's trip to Old Trafford later in the month. However, like Newcastle United midfielder Bruno Guimaraes, also serving a three-match suspension, Casemiro will be well-rested for the Carabao Cup final at Wembley Stadium on February 26. Casemiro will be in action before the Newcastle clash, though, with a two-legged Europa League knockout play-off with Barcelona to come beforehand, in which he will undoubtedly be involved. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Fans present in Old Trafford had their hearts in their mouths in the closing stages after Schlupp notched a goal back for Palace just six minutes after United were reduced to 10 men. But Ten Hag introduced Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof to add steel to his defence, and the hosts held on for a monumental three points. The Red Devils have leapfrogged Newcastle into third in the Premier League and now trail leaders Arsenal by eight points, having played a game more than both. Ten Hag has a big decision to make ahead of Leeds' visit on Wednesday, with both his first-choice midfielders now out of contention. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing!