Tammy Slaton from TLC's 1000lb Sisters has come back into the spotlight after achieving her weight loss goal. She was asked to get down to 550lbs in order to have weight loss surgery. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the star is now. Tammy Willingham, formerly Slaton, has struggled with her weight ever since she was a teenager. She was checked into a food rehabilitation centre to help tackle the health issue, first arriving at 717lbs. The star was terrified about getting on the scales but after months in rehab, she managed to hit her target. On the show, Tammy was heard saying how she is proud of all she has achieved. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton unrecognisable in new Instagram photos Tammy is 36 years old, having been born in July 1986 and she is due to celebrate her 37th birthday this summer. Amy Slaton is slightly younger at 35 years old, having been born in October 1987. For Tammy’s 36th birthday, she posted a slideshow of photos to TikTok including snaps of her transformation. The selfies were taken in her rehab facility, showing her freshly permed hair. At the time she had been in a relationship with her boyfriend, Phillip. Tammy and Phillip no longer date, as she recently married her partner, Caleb Willingham. The pair tied the knot at the Ohio rehab facility, as Caleb also lives there. Tammy is on Instagram and she shared a reel of various selfies showcasing her achievements. DON'T MISS... 1000lb Sisters fans rip Amy over son Gage’s ‘filthy feet’ 1000lb Sisters fans ‘heartbroken’ as Tammy Slaton’s home is robbed 1000lb Sisters fans ‘heartbroken’ as Amy Slaton confirms death Fans flocked to the comments to praise her, with babykatsblue saying: "Tammy you are turning back time. You look like a teenager again. Congratulations on your success." Chelsloses added: "Go Tammy GO!!!! Don’t stop! I bet you feel better than you have in a long time! We are all rooting for you!" Ms_keepinitmovin added: "Hey girl you look great!!!! So proud of you! Can't wait to watch the new episode." Yolodadon_ shared: "Go head Tammy!!! This is a blessing u must be very proud u didn’t give up on yourself." Viewers first became aware of Tammy in 2020 when 1000lb Sisters first aired. The Kentucky star wanted to live a healthier lifestyle in order to avoid being confined to bed due to her weight. In 2021, she was put on life support after suffering carbon monoxide poisoning. Miraculously, after also undergoing a tracheostomy, she survived. 1000lb sisters airs on TLC.