Bruno Fernandes has challenged Jadon Sancho to finally deliver on his huge potential after making a successful comeback from physical and mental issues. The England forward made his return to action as a second half substitute for Manchester United at Old Trafford on Wednesday. And Fernandes believes a focused, fit and firing Sancho could now provide the booster United need to land silverware in the second part of the season. “It is great to have him back because we know he is a massive solution for us, as a starter and as someone to come and have great qualities to help the team,” said Fernandes. “He hasn’t expressed it at his best yet – he’s been at some moments really good – but obviously now he’s back from a long period and we are really happy to have him back.” Sancho has yet to show United fans why the club pursued him so relentlessly before signing him from Borussia Dortmund in the summer of 2021. There were flashes last season but five goals and three assists in 38 appearances was a poor return on a £73million transfer outlay and a £275,000-a-week deal. This season that pressure to perform appeared to get the better of the forward after a similarly underwhelming start with three goals and a solitary assist. After missing out on Gareth Southgate’s World Cup squad Sancho subsequently withdrew from first team training with manager Erik Ten Hag admitting he was not in the right physical or mental shape to perform. A spell in the Netherlands, working with coaches picked by Ten Hag at Dutch amateur club OJC Rosmalen, has rebuilt his form and confidence. And after returning to training with the first team squad in the first week of January, his return in the Carabao Cup has effectively delivered Ten Hag a fourth January addition with United still going strong in four competitions. Ten Hag experimented with Sancho through the middle on Wednesday night – albeit against an already well-beaten Forest side – with Fernandes shifted out wide. And the manager admitted getting Sancho on the ball more in the opposition half could be key to unlocking his potential, particularly given the emergence of Alejandro Garnacho as a more natural fit on the left wing. “He has really high standards and great capabilities to contribute to our team especially now the team is improving and we’re playing more in the opponent’s half,” said Ten Hag. “I wanted to see the combination with Jadon and Anthony Martial and we’ve seen a different dynamic that can help us and give us more opportunities in the future. He can have more touches on the ball and that is what gives him the chance to give his best performacnes and the best platform to perform.”