The View multi-generational panel of women often discuss the day's “hot topics” and, in addition to the sometimes heated conversation segments, they interview some of America’s most prominent figures. However, this week, Whoopi Goldberg, one of the show's regular presenters, admitted to a mishap that led her to have a last-minute make-over. The star opened the hit daytime show on Wednesday with a hilarious announcement saying “I sat on my glasses” during Monday morning’s show. This mishap forced the Oscar-winning actress to sport a “four-year-old” pair of green circular-rimmed glasses to Wednesday's recording. She admitted to her co-presenters: “I need to tell you that I sat on my glasses yesterday. “I have glasses on, that are maybe four years old, so, if you see me squinting that’s why." READ MORE: Nick Offerman shares real reason he took Last of Us role after initial rejection To the crowd's amusement, Goldberg went on to explain why she had shared this information with the audience. She said: “I just wanted y'all to know there's nothing wrong - I just sat on the glasses, not paying a bit of attention to where my big behind was going.” Co-host and journalist Sara Haines joked that Goldberg’s “butt is seeing better than ever.” The TV personality replied: “Oh, yeah, my butt can see how,” as the hosts broke into laughter. It’s not the first time one of the ladies had a mishap on The View, as actress Joy Behar fell off her chair early last year while on air. It hasn't always been a laughing matter when Goldberg has featured on The View this week, however. Things got heated during Tuesday's episode when co-host Joy Behar called the comedian out for her seemingly rude behaviour. The star came under fire for appearing to look bored during a conversation surrounding the idea of using therapy-style language.  The panel were discussing which phrases they use in their own relationships from “gaslighting” to “setting boundaries”. Behar delved into her own “transferential behaviour” that she displays when she is in the midst of an argument. Transferential behaviour can happen when a person redirects some of their personal desires or feelings for another person to a different person To exemplify this, she gestured to Goldberg, who sat at the panel with her chin resting sullenly in her palm. DON'T MISS:Harrison Ford brands 1923 co-star Helen Mirren 'sexy’The Blacklist cast left ‘very sad’ after NBC cancellationNCIS LA’s Admiral Kilbride to reconnect with estranged son Behar said: "You're angry with somebody. Let's say, Whoopi... She's like this," and mimicked Goldberg's stance. She then asked her co-host: “So what are you thinking about right now?” to which, the comedian jokingly replied: "You know." Both ladies then broke into laughter, before carrying on with the rest of Tuesday's show. The View airs weekdays at 11am ET on ABC in the USA. 