Spending hours painting a room only to have poor results can be annoying and frustrating, especially if you then need to start from scratch. From not prepping properly to using the wrong paint colour, DIYers may end up with flaking, cracking and blistering, according to experts at Checkatrade. The pros have shared a guide to the “common” paint problems as well as solutions. The experts said: “Whether you’re using the wrong paint, not properly preparing your surfaces or are using the wrong technique, we can show you some expert hacks. “However, the best way to make sure you don’t have any DIY paint disasters is to hire a professional painter and decorator. That way, you’ll get perfect results every time.” Painting yourself can save a lot of money though, and it is often why people decided to take on the job themselves. The pros added: “No matter what struggles you are having with painting, you can be sure there’s a great way of avoiding it in the future. READ MORE: Five leftover foods you can grow for ‘free’ this spring “This could be done by doing extra preparation or even learning a new method for painting. So, let’s look at some of the most common painting problems and their solutions.” Before painting, many people will often fill in any visible cracks or gaps to ensure a professional finish at the end. However, if Britons do repair any kind of crack, the experts said “it is essential” that time is taken to file down the filler. They recommended using sandpaper to do this, and sanding until the filler is completely flush with the wall. The pros explained: “Usually this happens when either moisture or dirt becomes stuck under your paint. In order to fix this problem, you’ll need to sand away the plastered paint.” DON'T MISS:Five ‘stylish’ features to bring the ‘wow’ factor to your kitchen [COMMENT]Method to prevent slugs eating young plants this spring [EXPERT]‘Go-to’ method to make bathroom tap limescale ‘disappear overnight’ [INSIGHT] After, use a primer to completely cover the area before repainting it, giving it a nice smooth finish. Sometimes paint can be ruined by mould which is not only unsightly, but it can also affect your health if left for a long period of time. To tackle this problem, purchase a fungicidal wash to kill the mould before repainting. Also consider using a paint suitable for mould, there are lots on the market nowadays. The experts said: “If your paint becomes wrinkled or starts to shrivel, this normally means the paint was applied too thickly or you didn’t wait long enough between coats.” READ MORE: Five pruning ‘mistakes’ to avoid making - ‘ultimate bad move’ Once the paint has dried fully, this could take several days, sand it and clean it before painting it again and this should result in a smooth finish. If using a light colour such as white, stains can often appear through the paint for a number of different reasons. The “best remedy” to avoid this from happening in the first place is to use extra primer to cover any stains present before painting. The pros continued: “Plaster underneath your paint can crack, particularly in new homes. You’ll need to fill any cracks before sanding down and repainting to fix this problem.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Another common painting job where a number of problems arise is when painting radiators, which can help to change the whole look of your interior. One of the biggest problems when painting radiators is using the wrong type of paint, according to the experts. They explained: “You can’t use normal paint on a radiator as this will cause the paint to expand and shrink as the radiator heats up and cools down throughout the day. “This leads to cracks, flakes and discolouration. You can fix this issue by using a radiator primer, then a paint which is suitable for radiators.”