Beyond Paradise will follow detective Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) and Martha Lloyd's (Sally Bretton) romance as they try to settle into their more relaxed life in Devon. The Death in Paradise spin-off will see Humphrey back solving crimes with the local police force, while Martha turns her attention to opening her new business. Death in Paradise is not only renowned for its unique spin on a detective drama, but it is highly recognised for its theme tune. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press in a Q&A, show bosses, Tony Jordan and Tim Key discussed why Beyond Paradise's theme tune was so important. He explained the same composer for Death in Paradise created the theme tune for its spin-off. Opening up about what they wanted to achieve, Tim began: "We wanted it to be interesting and have a lot of personality. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error "The music is a huge part of that, and so right from the start trying to find the musical language of the show was really important. "So, we got Bellowhead involved, who are the coolest modern, folk band. "They all got together willingly at a studio over a weekend to record our theme tune. "And it just brings this sort of unique spirit to the show that we kind of knew it had to have." He continued: "The music is very important in Death in Paradise and we went, 'Well this has to have the same thing'. "So that for me, it has just been this joyous dive into British folk music." Tony went on to discuss Tim's brief for Beyond Paradise and how they were going to make it the same, but different to its sister show. "It was, 'It's got to be exactly the same as Death in Paradise, and completely different'," the producer explained. "Which is what every writer wants to hear.  DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [VIDEO]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Laurence's link to Pat Phelan [SPOILERS]Vera star admits 'out of your hands' as he addresses future [INSIGHT] "So it's exactly that, and the thing about Death in Paradise is, the team itself feels like a family. "And actually, one of the key things as a viewer is you want to be there.  "I think you want to go and sit in Catherine's bar at the end of it. "And so that was the first thing we wanted to create that team, and that's why this amazing team that's here, that's exactly why they were constructed in that way to make it feel like a family."  He added: "So that was really important. "The second thing that people love about the mother show if you like is the puzzle. "So we knew we had to have a puzzle within the centre of that." Beyond Paradise begins on Friday at 8pm on BBC One. 