Nottingham Forest are now in advanced talks to sign free agent Andre Ayew - meaning Everton could be set for further transfer misery despite the closure of the January window. The 33-year-old Ghanaian has now held talks with both Premier League clubs over a shock return to England but it's Steve Cooper's side that are seemingly in the ascendancy for his signature.  Ayew is understood to have been expected in the UK to hold talks with both Everton and Forest over a move beyond the deadline after being freed up from his contract with Al Sadd. The ex-Swansea and West Ham forward was paid £2.5million by the Qatari club following the mutual termination of his deal - allowing him to explore a potential return to the Premier League. Ayew worked with Cooper before during his second stint with Swansea and now a reunion is on the cards - providing Blackburn Rovers can finalise the loan signing of Lewis O'Brien following severe compilations. Sky Sports reporter Rob Dorsett said on SNN: "We've told you this morning that Lewis O'Brien's loan move to Blackburn Rovers - which both clubs thought they'd got in on deadline day - is in real doubt. READ MORE: Chelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez  "They didn't submit the paperwork in time. As I speak to you right now, Blackburn are talking to the EFL and have been given some extra paperwork as of 9am this morning to try and make the move happen. "The reason that's of significance to Andre Ayew is that Nottingham Forest can only register 25 players in their Premier League squad. "Steve Cooper has already decided on 24 meaning they cannot register both players. He has to submit the squad by 3pm this afternoon. "He hopes it can be Andre Ayew but if O'Brien comes back to Forest, he cannot complete the deal for Ayew. DON'T MISSChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer  "The reason it's so significant for Lewis O'Brien is that Forest got knocked out of the Carabao Cup last night, they lost 4-1 to Blackpool in the FA Cup on the seventh of January - meaning the only competition they have left is the Premier League. "If Lewis O'Brien comes back and he isn't in that squad that Forest name this afternoon, he can't play anymore football this season. "He will just be draining Nottingham Forest's pot if you like without being able to get onto the pitch." Everton were linked with a left-field swoop for Ayew on transfer deadline day but the move was played down by club sources. Yet beyond the deadline, it soon became clear that the Ghana captain was actually a player of interest due to Everton's lack of January activity. The Toffees failed to land any new signings for Sean Dyche on deadline day or throughout the entirety of the window. Arnaut Danjuma completed medical checks before joining Tottenham instead and there were also approaches for Udinese's Beto, Kamaldeen Sulemana, Danny Ing, Olivier Giroud and Moussa Dembele. Reading's Lucas Joao was also briefly considered on deadline day but a move failed to come to fruition in the final hours of the window. Free agent Isco is also reportedly of interest after his move to Union Berlin collapsed at the eleventh hour.