Househunters in Manchester were left shocked after watching the “worst property video ever” that displayed a cluttered house. The house was put on sale for just £20,000.  The two-bedroom property in Oldham, Greater Manchester, was put up for sale by estate agent McHugh and Co in January. The promotional video featured the home with whimsical music and very little light. The estate agent also showcased a number of photos of the property that revealed the house was filled with rubbish. In a photo shared by the estate agent, the kitchen with a white ceramic sink is surrounded by wires and unidentifiable bags of rubbish.  One of the house-hunters shared the advert last week and said: “This one gets my vote for the worst property video ever. Better with the sound on.” Another added: “The video is ridiculous. “Goes into some rooms without even turning on the lights or opening the curtains.” The exterior yellow walls of the property can be seen covered in green mould and a chipped black awning resting above the front door.  READ MORE: Expert 'changes mind' about Nicola Bulley theory after new information One of the rooms of the house is engulfed with a collection of broken sticks and wires. The room also has a rusted fan and various other bric-a-brac lying inside. . Similarly, the other room which is the master bedroom is a cave of plain bedding with duvets and clothing covering the room. However, the cleanest part of the house is the washroom.  DON'T MISS:UK risks falling behind France as NATO’s military power in Europe [INSIGHT]Man charged with murder after ex-wife died in Stoke-on-Trent fire [REVEAL]Homeless man's haircut 'takes 15 years off him' [SPOTLIGHT] The house's price was set at just £20,000 - a whopping £264,746 cheaper than the average price of a home in Greater Manchester. Estate agents McHugh and Co wrote in the description: “Situated off Near Birches Parade, close to local shopping and a short drive from the amenities available in Oldham Town Centre. “A semi-detached house requiring modernisation with accommodation arranged on two floors believed to comprise.'” The property has since been taken off the market. 