A couple left their baby at an Israeli airport check-in while attempting to board a Ryanair flight after refusing to buy a ticket for the child. Two parents with Belgian passports were detained by police after leaving their baby at the check-in at the Ben-Gurion Airport in Tel Aviv, according to the Jerusalem Post. They attempted to board a Ryanair flight from Tel Aviv to Brussels, but didn't have a ticket for their baby. They refused to pay and subsequently left their baby in the stroller as they walked to passport control. Airport staff noticed what had happened and contacted the police, who found the parents and took them in for questioning. The manager of the Ryanair desk said everyone was in shock and told the Jerusalem Post: "We've never seen anything like this. "We couldn't believe what we were seeing." According to the Israel Airports Authority, what happened was that the couple arrived late at Terminal 1 after the check-in counter was closed. They wanted to go through to deal with security and simply left their baby on the conveyor belt in the area. It comes just days after a deadly shooting took place in Jerusalem. A Palestinian gunman killed at least seven people and wounded three others in a synagogue on the outskirts of Jerusalem on Friday in an attack that heightened fears of a spiral in violence, a day after the deadliest Israeli raid in the West Bank in years. Police said the gunman arrived at around 8.15 p.m on the 27th of January. and opened fire, hitting a number of people before he was killed by police. TV footage showed several victims lying in the road outside the synagogue being tended to by emergency workers.  The attack, which police described as a "terrorist incident", underlined fears of an escalation in violence after months of clashes in the West Bank culminating in an Israeli raid in Jenin on Thursday that killed at least nine Palestinians. A police spokesman said the death toll stands at seven, with others injured. The gunman was shot and killed at the scene. The Magen David Adom emergency response service reported a total of 10 gunshot victims, including a 70-year-old and a 14-year-old boy. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his national security minister Itamar Ben-Gvir - leader of one of the hardline nationalist parties in Netanyahu's new government - visited the site of the attack and were greeted with a mixture of cheers and boos.