If you use Windows 10 or Windows 11 then you'd be wise to check that your PC is fully up to date and running the very latest version of these popular operating systems. Microsoft has just released a critical update - as part of its Patch Tuesday initiative - which fixes a number of security issues including some that have been given the dreaded "Zero-day" rating. For those not aware, Zero-day means the glitch has already been spotted and is being actively exploited by cyber criminals. That's why it's vital to make sure any PCs you own are running the latest versions of Windows 10 and Windows 11 as, once downloaded, these important patches will stop any future attacks. A total of 76 security problems have been fixed in this latest release with seven rated as "Critical" and three given that terrifying "Zero-day" rating including one that could give hackers system privileges and allow them to run code on a machine without being logged in. That's a pretty scary flaw that could lead to vicious malware being installed or personal data stolen. These errors are clearly concerning but PCs will become safe again once the updates are installed. If your device is set to receive automatic updates then it should download the latest patches without you needing to do things manually. However, due to the severity of the issues highlighted by Microsoft, it still might be worth checking to see that things are fully up to date. Here's how to check your PC: WINDOWS 10Windows 10 users should select Start > Settings > Update & Security > Windows Update , and then select Check for updates. If updates are available, install them. WINDOWS 11Windows 11 users should select Start > Settings > Update & Security > Windows Update and select Check for updates. If the upgrade is available for your device and you want to proceed, download and install it. This latest patch is a timely reminder of why it's now a bad idea to be running Windows 8 or lower on a PC. Microsoft recently stopped supporting these operating systems which means they no longer get bug fixes or new features added. If you are running an older version of Windows it really might be time to consider switching to something new. Explaining more about the issues of not upgrading, Microsoft said: "While you could continue to use a PC running Windows 8.1, without continued software and security updates, your PC will be at greater risk for viruses and malware. We recommend upgrading to a version of Windows that is still supported. A new device that can run Windows 11 makes for an easy transition and a great experience."