Buckingham Palace announced it is conducting a "review" of the patronages currently or previously held by members of the Royal Family. A statement appeared on the Royal Family's official website and read: "Following His Majesty The King’s Accession, the Royal Household is conducting a review of Royal Patronage. "The review will cover the organisations of which Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II was Patron and those organisations to which The King and The Queen Consort were connected through Patronage or Presidency as Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall." Since the accession of Charles on September 8, the King and Queen Consort are believed to have seen their workload greatly increased. Nevertheless, Charles and Camilla have continued to demonstrate a commitment to the organisations they are close to. Queen Camilla's charitable work is particularly focused on raising awareness of osteoporosis, increasing literacy and fighting domestic abuse. Each working member of the Royal Family is linked to several organisations as patron. Older royals have tied links with hundreds of charities and associations focused on an array of topics. Throughout her record-breaking reign, Elizabeth II held more than 500 patronages, focused on education, sport and recreation, faith health and culture among other topics. As the head of the Armed Forces, the late monarch was also linked to many military associations. Her late husband Prince Philip became associated with almost 1000 charities as either President, Patron or Honorary Member in his decades of service. READ MORE: Harry demands meeting with Charles and William before Coronation Princess Anne, widely acknowledged as one of the hardest-working members of the Firm, has links with some 300 organisations, while her elder brother King Charles supported as patron more than 400 during his five decades as Prince of Wales. On the other hand, younger royals such as the Prince and Princess of Wales have taken a different approach to royal patronages. Kate and Prince William have so far become patrons of a few dozens organisations each, as they have chosen to focus their attention mainly on a number of issues - namely mental health, the environment and the early years. In turn, they dedicate much of their time and attention to their patronages, and link them to their wider projects such as the Earthshot Prize and the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. Nevertheless, both the Prince and Princess also inherited a few patronages from older royals. In 2014, William became President of the British Sub-Aqua Club, a title passed on to him by Charles, who had got it from Prince Philip. Similarly, in 2019 Elizabeth II passed on to Kate the patronage of the Royal Photographic Society. Speaking about the way the Prince and Princess of Wales work, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams recently told Entertainment Daily: "The Prince and Princess of Wales are attached to relatively few charities numerically. "However, they do a great deal for those they are committed to, such as early childhood, the environment, mental health and the illegal wildlife trade. They give them a worldwide profile." Mr Fitzwilliams also noted that, fewer working royals and the advanced age of the remaining senior Royal Family members, will inevitably mean "less charitable work", unless other royals step up in the future. He said: "A royal link gives a charity probity and heightens its profile so [less charitable work], even if inevitable, would be a pity." 