Arsenal star Gabriel Jesus is expected to return from his knee injury in March as Mikel Arteta receives a major boost, per reports. The Brazilian has been absent with a knee injury he sustained while playing for his country at the World Cup. Jesus was one of Arsenal’s key players in the first half of the season. While only scoring five Premier League goals, his gritty, hard-working performances allowed those around him to thrive. But the former Manchester City attacker has not played since November. Understudy Eddie Nketiah has hit form in his place, scoring four times since the Premier League resumed following the World Cup. Jesus could be back soon, though. There is a behind-the-scenes belief that the 25-year-old will make his comeback in March. JUST IN: Arsenal resisted 'option of recalling' Folarin Balogun in January That is according to Goal, who add that midfielder Thomas Partey will be fit to face Everton on Saturday. The 29-year-old was forced off during last Friday’s FA Cup defeat by Man City with a rib problem. Partey has since returned to training and is fit to face Everton. However, it could be a little while before he is joined by Jesus. Arteta said of Jesus last month: “I’d like to see him very quickly but I don’t think it’s going to happen. We’re going have to be patient with that one. It’s a complicated surgery, in any surgery there are always a lot of things where you have to be cautious. “He’s a player that’s going to push to be really fast on the pitch… he’s progressing really well, he’s working really hard, he’s in the right place in terms of the time that we set for him, but he’s still a bit far.” DON'T MISS...Arsenal do not need £71m rated star Dusan VlahovicLiverpool and Arsenal may benefit from Chelsea's summer exodusArsenal 'considered deadline-day deal' for Barcelona target Zubimendi Jesus will face a tough battle to win back his place once he returns. Nketiah has been in fine form, and scored a brace in Arsenal’s important 3-2 victory over Manchester United last month. Quizzed last month on Jesus and whether he can keep the starting spot, Nketiah said: “Of course. I just signed a new contract, and I wouldn’t have if I didn’t believe I could play, and I am sure the coaching staff believe in me. “I try to focus on helping the team and improving as a player. I am only 23, I have still got a lot of years to grow and improve. I wish [Jesus] a speedy recovery. We want him back and we need him back for the team. “For myself, I just go about it game by game. I know what I can do, I know what I can bring to the team, and it’s just about working hard and giving my all to be able to show that and contribute.”