Beatriz is a TikTok creator who impresses her followers with her recipes and cooking hacks. That includes this delicious crockpot recipe with a clever hack that will make it taste just like a restaurant version of the popular dish. The cook has 524K followers on her TikTok account where her video has amassed a whopping 6M "likes". The chef from Boston has now shared her crockpot secret. She said: "I can't believe I'm showing this to everyone, but this is my life hack that everybody loves." Beatriz starts by stabbing her beef with a knife a number of times before seasoning it with garlic paste and pepper. She explained: "We are going to stab up this pot roast and throw in my favourte homemade garlic paste, extra black pepper for the crockpot, and now the star of the show." Then the home cook revealed her secret ingredient, which she claims is the key to her delicious version of the meal. Beatriz said: "Yes, we are using McCormick Slow Cooker Pot Roast Seasoning Mix." READ MORE: Hack keeps avocados fresh for two months The premade mix from the company is made with "a delicious blend of garlic, basil and oregano." According to the TikToker, this seasoning makes the dish. Beatriz said: "You guys, I'm telling you this tastes like restaurant style and no one is going to know." So how does she make the dish using this mix? The home cook explained: "So, we're going to cut up the veggies we are going to throw right in the crockpot." To make the seasoning mix, Beatriz said: "We're going to follow the instructions, one cup of water. Then we're going to add the packet, we're going to whisk it real good, and throw that right into the crockpot. DON'T MISS'Awesome and easy' pie uses up leftover Sunday dinner [RECIPE] Keep fully ripe avocados fresh 'up to 5 days' [HACK] Genius hack to slice an avocado perfectly is 'really smart' [FOOD] "Now slowly cook this for eight hours on low. And then there you go. There it is you guys, it tastes amazing. You guys must try it, I promise you guys will love this." Beatriz's commenters love the video. Sue Rivera wrote: "Continue telling us your secrets because I'm still hooked on the Ramen soup you posted a few months ago. I'm making this pot roast." TikTok user Lisa was also a big fan of the quick and easy seasoning, and wrote: "McCormick seasoning is the best." Audrey Watson said: "Actually a better one is the Campbell's pot roast seasoning. It's in a plastic pouch and you don't have to season the beef at all, lots of flavor."h and you don't have to season the beef at all, lots of flavor."