At least 59 migrants, including a baby, have died after their boat broke up off the southern coast of Italy during rough seas. Local media reported the boat was carrying more than 250 migrants who encountered rough seas on Sunday morning near the coastal province of Crotone, Calabria. Italy's institutional agency for the fire and rescue service, Vigili del Fuoco, said a boat ran aground off the village of Staccato di Cutro. A total of 80 survivors have been recovered from the shipwreck while dozens of bodies, including a baby, have been found scattered along the coast. Two men with hypothermia were found and saved by a patrol boat, the Coast Guard confirmed. They were spotted with a lifeless child's corpse. The boat, carrying migrants from Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan, smashed against rocks during rough sea conditions. According to the publication La Repubblica, 250 were on board. Antonio Ceraso, the Mayor of Cutro, shocked by the incident said "there had never been a tragedy of this size". Governor Occhiuto, President of Calabria, said: "Calabria is in mourning, where is Europe?" In a press statement, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni expressed her "deep sorrow" for the dead who she said had their "lives cut short by human traffickers". She added: "The government is committed to preventing (migrant) departures, and with them the unfolding of these tragedies, and will continue to do so, first of all by demanding maximum collaboration from (migrants') countries of departure and of origin." This comes days after the EU reports record levels of asylum-seekers applying to come to Europe. For 2022, the EU Agency for Asylum reported a surge of 50 per cent in the total asylum applications to Europe compared to the year before. Its data showed there were nearly one million asylum claims lodged. This comes as the UK Home Office comes under fire for failing to manage the UK asylum system with backlog levels hitting more than 160,000 claims waiting to be dealt with. Around 89,000 people claimed asylum in the UK in 2022, which is the highest number in 19 years. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has pledged to reduce the asylum seeker backlog by the end of the ear, promising to "stop the boats". He has roughly 10 months to clear nearly 90,000 asylum claims in the system as of June 2022. 