The star behind the original Thomas Magnum has remained one of the most recognisable faces on TV thanks to his equally iconic role as Frank Reagan on Blue Bloods. This week, Tom Selleck was spotted reuniting with his former co-star Larry Manetti in a new Instagram post from Donnie Wahlberg previewing the actor’s exciting guest spot on the CBS drama this Friday. Manetti and Selleck thrilled fans when they posed with the rest of the Blue Bloods cast in Wahlberg’s new post from behind the scenes. They were joined by cast members Bridget Moynahan, Andrew Terraciano, Will Estes and Vanessa Ray for what looks like another Reagan family dinner. This will be the first time the actors have starred together since the end of Magnum PI’s original run in 1988. Wahlberg teased the upcoming episode in the caption, writing: “It’s a mini Magnum PI reunion on the set of #BlueBloods this week, with guest star Larry Manetti and Tom Selleck - together again. “Wishing the late greats Roger E Mosley and John Hillerman could be here, too.” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV Manetti portrayed Orville ‘Rick’ Wright in almost every episode of the series alongside Selleck’s Hawaii investigator. Their co-stars Mosley and Hillerman, who portrayed Theodore ‘TC’ Calvin and Jonathan Higgins, sadly passed away in 2022 and 2017, respectively. Wahlberg’s followers were thrilled by Selleck and Manetti’s reunion and took to the comments to celebrate. Magnum PI fan @buddiesdad recalled: “@donniewahlberg Larry Manetti was the first headshot autograph I ever got from a celebrity. “He shopped at my dad’s fish market, Seafood Emporium, in Woodland Hills.” @ericamoore165 exclaimed: “Omg love me some Magnum. We still watch it!” @megspptc commented: “What an epic picture!!!! Thanks for sharing Donnie.” “So brilliant to see them together,” Blue Bloods fan @xshazziex replied. “I too wish Roger and John could have been there (and Zeus and Apollo!!) Love Tom Selleck forever and always my one true love.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [LATEST]NCIS Hawaii fans 'can't stop crying' over Lucy and Kate milestone [REACTION]AGT All-Stars finale sparks ‘rigged’ row with ‘Superfans’ vote [BACKLASH] @nursey1980 shared: “My friend had the biggest crush on Larry Manetti and mine was Tom Selleck. We would always watch the show together.” And @tree.reilly pleaded: “Donnie… Please wear the Magnum PI Red Jungle Bird Hawaiian shirt to Sunday dinner.” It’s currently unknown who Manetti will play in the episode, although a brief synopsis has given fans some idea of what to expect this Friday. It reads: “Eddie Jenko's (played by Vanessa Ray) former partner returns and brings an accusation of excessive force against an officer.” “Danny (Wahlberg) and Maria Baez (Marisa Ramirez) clash with a troubled foster child at the centre of their latest investigation." Meanwhile: “Erin (Moynahan) must make a tough decision about her campaign.” Manetti was most recently seen on screens in CBS’s (now NBC) Magnum PI reboot reprising his Hawaii Five-0 character Nicky 'The Kid' DeMarco for two episodes in 2019. Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA and the following Monday on Sky Witness in the UK.