Former beauty queen Kellie Chauvin said she believes her ex-husband deserves a new trial into the death of George Floyd, despite her claims the trial ruined her life. Derek Chauvin is currently serving a 20-plus year sentence for his role in the killing of George Floyd in 2020. In her first interview since her then-husband Derek infamously knelt on Mr Floyd's neck during an arrest in May 2020, Kellie Chauvin, 48, told the Daily Mail she thought her ex-husband deserved a new trial. When asked if he deserved a new trial, she replied: "I mean, most definitely." The mother-of-two explained she thought the trial was "definitely" unfair, but didn't go into any specific details about why she felt that way. She said she no longer speaks to her imprisoned ex whose role in George Floyd's death caused Black Lives Matter protests to erupt across the world.  “Have I been in contact with him? No, I’ve moved on,” Kellie, who filed for divorce from her husband of 10 years and left Minnesota told the paper. She described the fallout she has experienced since the case, saying she hasn't been able to find work or resume her career as a realtor because she faced threats. The mum, who now lives in a quiet Wisconsin suburb, said the ordeal “ruined my life." She went on: "But I’m doing good. It’s just something that you have to deal with." READ MORE: Police slammed for missing 'golden rule' during Nicola Bulley search When asked if she thought her ex-husband was racist, she said: "I think you’re trying to get into some questions that I don’t want to answer." She added: "I’m sorry, I can’t say more", before retreating back into her home. George Floyd, a father of five, died on May 25, 2020, from cardiopulmonary arrest stemming from neck compression. Derek Chauvin had arrested Mr Floyd for allegedly trying to pay with a fake $20 note and while pinning him to the floor, pressed his knee into his neck while he cried out that he couldn't breathe. A jury found Chauvin guilty of murder and manslaughter. He was sentenced to more than 22 years in prison. Chauvin’s lawyers last month told an appeals court that jurors were pressured into delivering a guilty verdict because of the intense public scrutiny seen in the wake of the incident. But prosecutors said the evidence of his guilt was “captured on video, for the world to see.” The court will likely rule in the next three months. But even if his conviction is overturned, Chauvin would still be forced to serve a 21-year sentence for depriving Floyd of his civil rights. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews