Fern Britton, 65, took to Twitter yesterday to write a wistful reflection on her family life as she looked back on the childhoods of her grown up children. The former This Morning star is mum to four children in total - Winnie Vickery, 19, who she shares with former husband Phil Vickery, and twins Jack and Harry, 27, and daughter Grace, 24, from her first marriage to Clive Jones. Fern was every inch the proud mum as she took to Twitter with a nostalgic reflection in view of her 133,000 followers. She wrote: “Grown up children successfully navigating their independent lives are a blessing, but oh what I wouldn’t give to have a few days with them as small children again.” After receiving a barrage of support from fans, Fern penned a follow-up tweet acknowledging she was not the only one who looked back with fondness. She tweeted: “I’m so happy that I’m not alone in this! READ NOW: Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady “Just to kiss them and cuddle them and read to them in their clean Jim jams … I love you all SO much xxxx” Fans of the TV star replied to her tweet letting her know she was not alone in feeling the way she did as they recounted their favourite memories. Lifetranquil1 said: “I also miss the smell of the baby talc and when my son was bathed and in his babygro those were the days you wished they were grown up and now we want those days back as we forget mainly as we were so tired with sleepless nights but would love it back again.” Calmacp added: “Oh Lord yes please .. their lives now seem so complicated. “We were lucky to have spent their childhood in a glorious place, in a beautiful story book house surrounded by lots of chums. “One more night of The Smartest Giant In Town and a goodnight song would do me fine!” Orourke_nicola tweeted: “I remember going through a stage of really pining for the wee boy my son used to be. To be able to be with him again. “Few years later I now have a grandson and it’s even better. Helps he’s my sons double lol but it’s amazing.” (Sic) DON'T MISS...Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys [LATEST]Pregnant Gemma Atkinson lifts weights in gym despite growing baby bump [PICTURES]Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old [DEBATE] Fern was previously married twice, with her relationship to her first husband Clive Jones ending in 1998. The presenter met her second husband Phil when they appeared on the BBC show Ready Steady Cook. The pair tied the knot in 2000 before they welcomed their daughter Winnie, who was born in 2001. However, they both announced their marriage was ending in a statement on Twitter in January 2020. The TV star has since addressed moving on from her former spouse as the presenter pondered dating again.  Fern continued: "I'm really enjoying being in a big bed by myself, and I've moved the pillows to the middle. "It's great being able to go to bed, and, if you're snoring, it doesn't matter!"