Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have made a joint appearance to present a prize from their Archewell Foundation. The couple, who stepped down as senior royals three years ago, praised Nabiha Syed for winning the second-ever Digital Civil Rights Award, describing her as an "inspiration". Ms Syed has been awarded the 2023 Digital Civil Rights Awards for her work in uncovering the racial bias in how technology is used as she heads the company, The Markup. The Sussexes said how "proud" they were to present her with the award. Harry and Meghan said the award supports "a new generation of visionaries" who are creating "transformational" change in advancing human and civil rights. The couple released a joint statement upon presenting her with the accolade. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte and Louis's roles at Coronation unveiled as George to take centre stage The statement read: "When we founded this award with the NAACP, we wanted to highlight and uplift people across the country who are transforming the digital world for the better. "Nabiha Syed is doing just that, harnessing her own expertise to push for safer, more inclusive online communities." They added: "Nabiha and her team are shedding light on some of the most critical issues of our time and in doing so, empowering all of us to reclaim some of our most basic freedoms: truth, safety, and choice. "She's an inspiration to us and so many others. We're proud to support her incredibly important work." READ MORE: Meghan Markle makes first appearance since Spare in new promo video for her woke coffee After receiving the award, Ms Syed, who said she was "stunned" to have even been nominated, posted a still from a video call she had had with Prince Harry on her Instagram. It gave royal fans a sneak peak inside the Sussexes Montecito home, with Harry sitting in front of a shelved wall filled with picture frames and other decorative objects. Ms Syed is the second winner of the award and will be given £83,000 ($100,000) to advance new work, expand leadership and expertise, or "continue their impact in the field of digital equity". The media executive, who won a Marshall scholarship to study law at Oxford, is also a media lawyer who advised two US presidents on freedom of expression. Derrick Johnson, who is the CEO and NAACP President, said that they were "honoured" to present Ms Syed with the award. DON'T MISS As well as mentioning Ms Syed, he also expressed gratitude for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Archewell. Describing them as "tremendous partners", he claimed that they had worked together to "fight to advance civil and human rights across the tech sector". Following the release of Spare, Prince Harry is holding a virtual livestream for fans on March 4, with the option to send in questions for the Duke to answer.