CBS’ hit generational drama Blue Bloods has taken fans by storm after it first premiered in 2010. As a result, fans were surprised to see the long-running drama was on hiatus and took to social media enraged by the change.  The last time Blue Bloods landed on screen was for its 13th episode, Past History. It featured a touching scene between Frank Reagan (played by Tom Selleck) and his grandson Joe Hill (Will Hochman). As well as explosive tensions with Erin Reagan (Bridget Moynahan) and her sister-in-law Eddie Janko (Vanessa Ray). As the women didn’t resolve their issues, viewers were looking forward to seeing the outcome of their feud, only to be met with no new episode.  READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson    Fans took to social media, furious at the network for not premiering the highly anticipated episode 14. Taking to Twitter @deeman22 wroted: “Ugh.... No #BlueBloods tonight.” A second viewer @JenniferCollur2 tweeted: “No new episode tonight oh well.” @mypov86 fumed: “OMG. We have to wait until March until a new episode of #bluebloods...It's called 'Collision Course.' March 3rd... really?”    The anger also spilled over to the Blue Bloods' official Instagram account, as fans took to the latest post to share their rage. A fed-up @faye2363 commented: “Getting very weary of the breaks in between new episodes. Really starting to put me off watching the show.” @Lydiaclary added: “Not getting that Friday feeling tonight. No episode of #BlueBloods tonight.” A furious @lindamatt21 added: “My favourite show but getting tired of the many breaks in between!” DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence [BLUNDER]Blue Bloods' Donnie Wahlberg to join wife on 'awe-inspiring' project [INSIGHT]    Despite the anger, CBS was able to ease tensions by releasing the synopsis for the upcoming episode, Collision Course. It read: “Eddie's former partner returns and brings an accusation of excessive force against an officer. “Danny and Baez clash with a troubled foster child at the centre of their latest investigation. “Erin must make a tough decision about her campaign.”    Fans can look forward to the return of Eddie’s one-time partner Rachel Witten (Lauren Patten), who is no longer a police officer. However, her revelation will undoubtedly shake things up for Frank and the entire NYPD. As for Erin’s district attorney hopes, viewers will have to wait and see if this decision will have any consequences for her campaign. Thankfully for fans, the three-week hiatus will soon come to an end as the new episode of Blue Bloods premieres next week.  Blue Bloods season 13 returns Friday, March 3 on CBS in the USA and the following Monday on Sky Witness in the UK. 