Jack Grealish has revealed he came very close to being sent off after scoring the decisive goal in Manchester City’s 3-1 win over Arsenal. The attacker struck City’s second of the evening after Bukayo Saka had levelled the scores. Grealish slammed home via a deflection off Takehiro Tomiyasu to hand his side the lead. He sprinted to the City fans located in the far corner with his arms aloft, but his next act almost brought him an unnecessary red card. That is because Grealish has admitted he nearly jubilantly ripped off his shirt in celebration of his goal. Having already been booked in the game, the England star would have risked a second yellow card had he followed through. He said: “As I was running off celebrating I was going to take my top off, but I realised I was on a yellow card. Good job I didn’t!” JUST IN: Arteta let down by three players as Man City rock Arsenal at Emirates Grealish has often been criticised for his lack of important goals in a City shirt. The reigning Premier League champions signed the 27-year-old from Aston Villa for a mega £100million in the summer of 2021. Despite the blockbuster fee, he has not always delivered in the biggest games. Grealish’s goal against Arsenal was just his 10th in 68 appearances for the club. But having scored in the Manchester derby earlier this season, the Birmingham-born ace has now scored in a vital win over title rivals Arsenal. He conceded that his lack of crucial goals had been weighing on his mind. DON'T MISS...Odegaard's reaction to Tomiyasu mistake vs Man City speaks volumesTottenham chief Levy's view as billionaire Jahm Najafi lines up bidLiverpool icon Enrique brutally mocks Man City over charges in video “Honestly it was massive. For me it was a great night, that’s what I’ve wanted to do, especially recently you know I’ve been playing well but I want to come and affect these big games,” he continued in another typically candid post-match interview to Amazon Prime. “Last month I obviously scored at Old Trafford and I thought ‘ah, buzzing, I’m gonna get the winner here,’ then we go and concede two and it didn’t really mean anything, the goal. To score that one tonight was so important and honestly man, I’m absolutely buzzing for myself and the team.” City had gone ahead through Kevin De Bruyne’s early goal but were pegged back by Saka’s penalty. Arsenal could not mount a comeback following Grealish’s strike and Erling Haaland slammed home a third goal in the final stages of the game.  Grealish admits he might not have received the pass from an ‘unselfish’ Ilkay Gundogan had it instead been the clinical Haaland in the same position. He added: “Honestly, I know Gundo and I just knew he was going to pass it, he’s so unselfish, man. I just knew he was going to pass it at the time - him and Kev - Kev loves getting assists, but obviously if it was Erling in that position I don’t think I was getting it.” City leapfrogged Arsenal to climb to the summit of the Premier League table - but only on goal difference. The Gunners still have a game in hand over Pep Guardiola’s side.