On Monday night, Emmerdale was filled with more drama and saw Samson Dingle (played by Sam Hall) demand another £2,000 from Noah Dingle (Jack Downham). Samson threatened to tell Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) the truth if Noah didn't meet his demands. Meanwhile, Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) ended up kissing Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) in a moment of madness, and his love Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) witnessed the entire thing. Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell ) also decided to let Sam Dingle (James Hooton) off the hook for stealing but demanded he works for free. Noah had already given Samson £2,000 and even though his family is struggling for money, the teenager blackmailed Noah into giving him more. As Noah sat in the cafe with Esther, Samson taunted: "I've made a big dent in that £2,000 you gave me." "We made a deal that you would stay away from Esther," Noah hit back. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis Samson went on: "Imagine how it's going to look to Amelia, how is she going to feel when she finds out her boyfriend is that jealous and controlling, he is paying to keep us apart?" He added: "I can twist this whichever way I want. I want another £2,000 or you'll lose everything." Following the episode, fans took to social media in droves to share their thoughts on Samson's storyline. Many believe his dad will still get locked up for his crimes, and that Samson's actions will also have consequences. Either way, more than one family could be torn apart as a result of Samson and Noah's betrayal. Sam and Lydia (Karen Blick) will be heartbroken to learn Samson has money when they are struggling. While Amelia and Noah's relationship may not last when she realises he has lied to her. Mike shared: "Can’t they lock up Samson instead and throw away the key? He’s doing my head in." DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter leaves co-stars uneasy with racy remark [VIDEO]Dancing on Ice 'sexist' row erupts over Carley Stenson exit [REACTION]Endeavour's Fred Thursday to die as fans 'work out' exit [THEORY] Referencing Sam's storyline, Twitter user @lincsbirder2019 said: "Please let him get locked up." Lisa Marie Bennett added: "Lock him up and he can take that vile son of his with him." "Noah needs to play the “Dingle code” card, and have Samson kicked out of the family for a couple of weeks," user @EmperorMendoza commented. (sic) Michelle Jones theorised: "Noah should record Samson and play it to Amelia because that’s the only way she’s gonna believe anything he says.#Emmerdale." @Beckie_Miller_ pointed out: "I know it’s soap so nobody does anything sensible but why the hell wouldn’t Noah record his conversations with Samson?" Jamal went on to say: "Samson wants more money. Now Noah be clever and plan it. Cause it won't stop there. #emmerdale." Meanwhile, Laurel's son, Arthur Thomas (Alfie Clarke) also made a breakthrough with Marshall (Max Fletcher ) after they shared a moment. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.