UFC announcer Bruce Buffer has seen every moment of Conor McGregor's turbulent career, from his rise to the top of the sport to his shameful actions outside of the Octagon. But while The Notorious is taking a break from fighting a new star has stepped into the spotlight. Paddy 'The Baddy' Pimblett has rapidly built up an incredible stock, as much for his charismatic behaviour as his entertaining fights. The 28-year-old is all set to become the UFC's next cash cow and follow in the footsteps of McGregor. Buffer has offered the Liverpudlian some solid words of advice which would keep him on the right path by not copying the mistakes made by McGregor. "I like Paddy a lot. I have gotten to know him a little bit, he is a showman and of course because of Conor McGregor, they are all looking for the next Conor McGregor," Buffer told Express Sport at PokerStars' PSPC event in the Bahamas. "He has got a great attitude and is very entertaining. He is on his way up and will face the toughest competition he has ever faced, now he is going to fight the people on a much higher level than he has been fighting, although they are very skilled the fighters he has fought already.   "Certain fighters come along like Conor, Ronda Rousey and Jon Jones that have the 'it factor', and Paddy has the 'it factor'. I hope he goes on to make millions of dollars, I know he is already getting million dollar sponsorships so he is doing great, along with the stuff he is doing with the UFC. "I hope he keeps his head on straight, keeps it classy, don't do the right turn that Conor did, it kind of ticked off a lot of people with his attitude and stuff, and maintain a worldwide fanbase that will just do nothing but grow in popularity and make him a lot of money." Buffer is not getting carried away with The Baddy's rapid rise and has called for patience before taking the mega fights. "At this point I don't see him being the champion yet, he needs more reps and experience," he added. "He still has to be tested in other areas. The tests he has already been tested on he has come out on top.   "There is a question about his last fight. A lot of people felt he did not win that fight, including Dana. I was on the fence too but I am the messenger so don't shoot the messenger. "Overall I think he is on his way, if he isn't already, to becoming a superstar." 