New research from Get Licensed looked for the safest destination by analysing crime rates, LGBTQ+ acceptance and trust in police. The safest holiday location has been described as “spectacular” by visitors. READ MORE: Europe’s safest city is ‘wonderful’ with a low crime rate Reykjavik, the capital of Iceland, was ranked the safest holiday destination for 2023 with a low crime and murder rate. The city also has a good record on LGBTQ+ rights and its residents have a high level of trust in the police. One of the Icelandic city’s top attractions is the Sun Voyager sculpture, a historical landmark on the city’s waterfront. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “Spectacular views. The Sun Voyager combined with the views from the Reykjavik harbour makes this a must stop for a morning walk.” The British Foreign Office states that most visits to Iceland are “trouble-free” while around 261,000 Britons visit per year. It said: “Crime levels are low although petty theft and anti-social behaviour can occur, particularly around bars where people gather late at night in downtown Reykjavik. “Instances of violent crime are rare. Remain aware of your surroundings and if you observe unusual activity you should leave the area immediately and follow any instructions issued by the police and local authorities.” Bern, the capital city of Switzerland, was named the second safest holiday destination for British tourists. READ MORE: The world’s most expensive countries named Switzerland has low levels of violent crime and its residents have a high level of trust in the police. Bergen, a top destination for tourists looking to explore Norway’s fjords, was the third safest hotspot. Kyoto in Japan took fourth place on the list. It’s the perfect time to visit the Japanese city as Japan has recently reopened its borders to international tourists. Violent crime is rare in Japan and the country has a very low murder rate, with just 0.25 murders per 100,000 residents. Taipei, the capital of Taiwan, took fifth place on the list and is known for its street food scene and night markets. Singapore was in sixth place and has the lowest murder rate on the list with just 0.17 murders per 100,000 residents. In Europe, Copenhagen, Salzburg and Ljubljana also made the top 10 rankings with low crime rates in each city. Doha topped the list in the Middle East and tourists can currently pick up a bargain holiday in the city as there is plenty of excess accommodation from last year’s World Cup.