Manchester United forward Mason Greenwood was reportedly valued at £134million before he was arrested and subsequently charged with attempted rape, assault occasioning actual bodily harm and controlling and coercive behaviour 12 months ago. The 21-year-old is now subject to an internal investigation at the club after the Crown Prosecution Service discontinued the case meaning he will no longer face any criminal charges. Before his arrest Greenwood was one of the most promising young players in the Premier League, already earning his status as a first-team regular at United. He has already made 129 appearances for the Old Trafford side scoring 35 goals in the process. However, he has not played in just over a year following his arrest as his club weighs up what action, if any, to take against him. There is a range of moral, ethical and legal issues to consider but finances will also come into the occasion. The club are currently up for sale and the outcome of the investigation could have implications for investors. The Daily Mail reports that Greenwood’s transfer value was as high as £134m as a result of his on-field performances. Given what has happened over the last 12 months it is clear he is no longer worth this amount. DON'T MISS: Man Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before dramatic turnaround He has not played or trained during that time after he was suspended by United following his arrest. It is a situation that will not change in the immediate future as his suspension continues while the club conducts their enquiry. The England international is also less marketable having been dropped from his Nike and Cadbury sponsorship while video games like FIFA and PES have also taken him out of their games. The Red Devils released a short statement on Thursday night following the CPS' announcement. It read: “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped.  READ MOREChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” Greenwood also released a statement on his own which said: “I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time.” It is not yet clear how long the club’s investigation will take with no timeline placed on the enquiry.