Manchester United are poised to welcome Jadon Sancho back in tonight’s Carabao Cup clash with Nottingham Forest. The England international will be hoping to show his true ability at Old Trafford, having not played for the club since October. And with the No 7 shirt now vacant, he has an incentive to kick on and show what he’s all about. Sancho’s season started well, with the United star scoring in key victories over Liverpool and Leicester. But, prior to being sent to the Netherlands to work on his mental and physical state, the 22-year-old was resembling a shadow of his old self. United dispatched Sancho during the World Cup break and he’s been out of action for some time, now, with his last appearance coming in a 1-1 draw with Chelsea back in October. However, the England international is now set to make his return to action when United go up against Nottingham Forest this evening. It should be a straightforward night for the Red Devils, who already lead 3-0 from the first leg courtesy of goals from Marcus Rashford, Wout Weghorst and Bruno Fernandes. Therefore, United have seemingly picked the perfect game for Sancho to feature in as they look to get their forward back to his best. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford And the former Manchester City academy graduate now has even more reason to kick on. When Sancho was pushing to join United in 2020, the Red Devils promised him the famous No 7 shirt. It is a digit that means more than any other at Old Trafford, having been worn by club legends such as Cristiano Ronaldo, George Best, Eric Cantona and David Beckham. In the end, however United failed to get a deal for the player done that year - with Dortmund demanding a massive £108million to let their prized asset go. By the time Sancho moved 12 months later, the No 7 he’d dreamed of was occupied. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Edinson Cavani, upon arriving on a free transfer from Paris Saint-Germain, obtained the jersey. And when Sancho asked the Uruguay international when he could have the No 7, Cavani politely declined. He did, though, make an exception for Ronaldo - arguably the greatest player to ever wear the number in footballing history. Now, however, the number is vacant again. Ronaldo left the club by mutual consent back in November, shortly after a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Marcel Sabitzer isn’t expected to sport the seven jersey, with many assuming he’ll don the No 24 instead. So Sancho, as he prepares to return, will be hoping to give himself the best possible chance of securing the shirt he craves the most. Speaking recently, meanwhile, former United star Louis Saha urged Sancho to follow the examples of Marcus Rashford and Alejandro Garnacho. “Yes, I believe he can still be very helpful,” said the striker, who won two Premier League titles at Old Trafford. “He needs to build up his confidence and Erik ten Hag will want to get Jadon in a position where he can help his team. “It’s nice to see that the club are taking their time and taking care of the player. “It would be great to see Jadon get his confidence back because he has a duty and hopefully he will be fully motivated when he does get his opportunities. “We’ve seen Marcus Rashford come back into form and Jadon is capable of following suit. “It’s all about believing and he just needs to take it game by game and enjoy himself again. “The pressure is always going to be there, so he just needs to take it game by game. “If a kid like [Alejandro] Garnacho can do it, then I’m sure Sancho can do it too.”