Leeds United are yet to approach Feyenoord for manager Arne Slot as they search to replace Jesse Marsch in the Elland Road dugout. Reports in England claiming Leeds have made their move for Slot have been debunked by the Dutch Eredivisie leaders' general manager, who deems him 'not for sale'. The Whites sacked Marsch on Monday after just two wins in their previous 17 games, seeing them descend into a second successive fight for Premier League survival. They will have hoped to appoint his successor before Manchester United's always-anticipated visit to West Yorkshire on Sunday. But their hunt for a new boss looks set to leak into next week when they could accelerate their reported interest in Slot. However, Feyenoord chief Dennis te Kloese has denied that Leeds have already approached him over a potential deal that would see the 44-year-old succeed Marsch. He told Voetbal International: "I have heard nothing from Leeds. Neither officially nor unofficially. JUST IN: Tottenham target Marc Guehi's 'stance on Chelsea return'  "Besides, I know Leeds as a correct club, so I don't believe they are playing this behind our backs. Last summer, Luis Sinisterra's transfer also just went in a very neat, correct way." Voetbal International report that Te Kloese expects Slot to remain at the helm beyond this season, despite growing interest from elsewhere. Feyenoord extended his contract last year, and there are plans to meet again in the summer to discuss an improved deal beyond 2025. Slot has guided the club to the top of the Dutch Eredivisie after 20 games, winning 12 times and losing just once in the league this season. DON'T MISS Liverpool and Spurs could help Chelsea beat Man Utd to Victor OsimhenNBA's LeBron James farce is a real danger to the Premier LeagueMykhaylo Mudryk warned he will 'regret' joining Chelsea The Dutchman wasn't Leeds' primary option to replace Marsch. That was Rayo Vallecano boss Androni Iraola, who rejected the job. Leeds director of football Victor Orta travelled to Spain to appoint him as the club's new manager, but he has unfinished work in La Liga as he bids to guide Vallecano into Europe. Te Kloese insists the Premier League outfit haven't launched a pursuit of Slot yet, but that could change after the weekend's must-watch fixture. Leeds are just one point above the relegation zone but will be confident of recording a rare win against United on home turf after a spirited performance at Old Trafford midweek. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here