A former Brexit minister has called for the abolition of the House of Lords if peers continue to attempt to block reforms to allow Britain to complete its departure from the EU. David Jones, the deputy chairman of the powerful European Research Group (ERG), made the call last night at an event hosted by veteran Tory eurosceptic MP Sir Bill Cash who was relaunching his European Foundation think tank. Mr Jones, the MP for Clwyd West in North Wales, was one of a number of senior Tory MPs who warned that despite the UK leaving the EU three years ago, Brexit is "not yet done". He told an audience toasting the anniversary with champagne, that "we have spent years slogging through the lobby to recover our sovereignty and we have almost succeeded." He added: "In fact we have succeeded but it's only 90 percent. "The bit we haven't succeeded on is Northern Ireland. "Northern Ireland is the booby trap which the EU left behind when they ultimately acknowledged that we wanted to go. "Northern Ireland is now the back door into the UK and is in the unfortunate position of being governed by a foreign administration that is producing shed loads of laws without any representation from Northern Ireland." He also claimed that Brussels' control over Northern Ireland is preventing other major changes such as deregulation and cutting VAT because the EU can block these in the province. And Mr Jones took a swipe at peers such as Rejoiner Lord Adonis for using their unelected position to block the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill to resolve the issue. He said: "I think that the first big challenge of the European Foundation is to make sure that the government understands that we will not accept anything less than the full restoration of Northern Ireland as part of a sovereign UK. "We should be putting as much pressure on the government to crack on with the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill to push it through the House of Lords, to tell the Lords that if they don't pass it then we will invoke the Parliament Act [to bypass peers] ad if necessary we will consider abolishing them." Afterwards, he told Express.co.uk that people were "fed up" with Remainers dominating the Lord and attempting to block Brexit from happening and then prevent Brexit freedoms since the Referendum in 2016. The event was chaired by Sir Bill Cash wearing his "lucky" 30-year-old Maastricht suit which he had on when he was one of the first rebels to try to stop John Major's government further integrating the UK into the European Union. Sir Bill said: "We still have to protect sovereignty. Sovereignty is democracy." READ MORE: Barnier eyes up Starmer to be next PM as EU fawns over Labour leader Another veteran Brexiter and ex-cabinet minister Sir John Redwood said that Parliament needs to "wake up" and start pushing for Brexit freedoms. He said: "I am proud of Brexit and I am delighted that we have now got our Brexit but I have news for the government. It wasn't just a theoretical idea. "I'm not proud of the fact that Parliament still won't use the powers. Wake up Parliament! Get on with it government! "We need to reverse the European laws which are wrong we need to end all the contributions to the EU as quickly a possible and we need to put that money to work...some of it the government would be well advised to give back to the people." Meanwhile, Red Wall Tory MP Jonathan Gullis, who represents Stoke North, warned that Brexit cannot be complete until Britain has left the European Court of Human Rights jurisdiction to allow it to control its borders. He said: "With over 45,000 crossing the English Channel last year, it is imperative that we deliver on our pledge to restore our territorial integrity and ensure we can control our borders." DON'T MISS 'Zahawi 'bent on revenge' is just latest big beast to trouble Sunak' [INSIGHT]Boris allies call for major change to picking new Tory chair  [REVEAL]Four in five Britons agree Rishi Sunak is a ‘weak’ Prime Minister [REACT]