After HBO’s hit drama came to a cliffhanger ending, House of the Dragon fans have been eagerly awaiting the release of season two. Thankfully, a new report has provided a major production update as it revealed the filming start date.  After the premiere of House of the Dragon scored record-breaking ratings for HBO, the network quickly renewed the drama for season two. As nearly 10 million viewers switched on the Game of Thrones prequel, it became the largest premiere in the network's history. The second episode did even better as its gripping scenes topped viewing records with 10.2 million viewers tuned into House of the Dragon, a two percent increase from the premiere. Thankfully for fans, they could soon be returning to Westeros as production for season two has begun earlier than planned. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending  Although it was previously reported this would be the case, bosses appear to have finally confirmed a filming start date. According to Production List, shooting will begin on Monday, March 6 and take place in London and Spain. This is a welcomed update for fans who are eagerly awaiting the catastrophic, Dance of the Dragon war. While filming begins earlier than anticipated, viewers will still have a long way ahead before it lands on screens, as bosses revealed season two would premiere in 2024.   With production taking place in two countries, it’s likely filming will last the majority of the year and after post-production, the instalment could premiere in the spring of 2024. As this is yet to be seen, bosses could hold on to the show even longer for a summer release, much like season one which premiered in August. Nevertheless, fans can expect to see the thrilling fallout of  Aegon Targaryen (played by Tom Glynn-Carney) becoming King after the death of his father, Viserys Targaryen (Paddy Considine). His coronation sparked a major feud within the family because Viserys had named his eldest child, Rhaenyra Targaryen (Emma D’Arcy) as the heir to the throne.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon season 2 release: HBO series given huge boost [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones' Emilia Clarke snubs 'weird' House of the Dragon show [INSIGHT]  However, Viserys’ wife Alicent Hightower (Olivia Cooke) thrust her son into the throne as she didn’t believe a woman could lead the Seven Kingdoms. As well as Dance of the Dragons, fans are also awaiting the onscreen depiction of Blood and Cheese, which was first addressed in George RR Martin’s novel, Fire and Blood. Blood and Cheese were the pseudonyms for two assassins, who were hired by Daemon Targaryen (Matt Smith) after, Rhaenyra's son, Lucerys was accidentally killed by Aemond Targaryen (Ewan Mitchell).     According to the novel, Blood is a sellsword, a former gold cloak in King's Landing who was removed from the prestigious guard force for the drunken murder of a sex worker. Whereas Cheese is a ratcatcher employed by the Targaryens in the Red Keep. The duo will be hired as a revenge plot following Daemon’s chilling season finale promise: “A son for a son.” When quizzed about this storyline, showrunner Sara Hess told Variety: “We are currently writing the finale of season two. I don’t think you will be disappointed.” House of the Dragon is available to stream on HBO in the US and on NOW TV in the UK. 