Stacey Solomon, who is heavily pregnant and expected to give birth to her fifth child imminently, has started deep-cleaning her house in preparation for the new arrival. The busy 34-year-old explained her burst of activity by explaining that she would soon be "covered in placenta". "Today I just want to clean everything - I just can't stop seeing dirt everywhere even though it's clean. Why??" she asked incredulously. Some fans have speculated that she may be nervous about the birth, and engrossing herself in simple activities to take her mind off her forthcoming labour. However, Stacey also explained that she has been indulging in some self-care, knowing that things will be different once the baby arrives. "I tanned and washed my hair yesterday, knowing that my tan's gonna sweat off and I'll be covered in placenta soon!" she chuckled on her Instagram Stories. READ NOW: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles She also shared a photo of daughter Rose - her youngest child and the only girl in the family - gazing into a large mirror. "I got the mirror out to take a bump picture and Rose is LOVING discovering herself in it," she wrote. The Sort Your Life Out star, who made her bump look chic in an all-white outfit, looked on maternally as her toddler squealed in delight and tried to embrace her own reflection. Stacey then declared: "Now all I wanna do is disinfect the whole house!" She then attached a photo of Joe and Rose together brandishing mops, explaining that they were on her "cleaning dream team". "These two are on floor duties," she announced, punctuating her point with a tears of laughter emoji. "I'm going to start scrubbing down the walls and cupboards... happy Monday, everyone!" Subscribing to the catchphrase, "tidy house, tidy mind", it seems that the former X Factor finalist sees cleaning as calming and therapeutic.  She's certainly known for her skills in the home, as she's a hit on the BBC series Sort Your Life Out, in which she helps stressed families declutter and totally transform their homes. Stacey has also demonstrated DIY, painting and decorating and organising skills on her own house, Pickle Cottage, as she documented every step of the process on Instagram. She's never been afraid to muck in with Joe on the difficult jobs, and even created a "man cave" for him to enjoy as a gift for his 40th birthday. Yet soon it will be time for her to welcome baby number five, which is sure to change her immediate priorities. She wrote an ode to her on Instagram only yesterday in view of her 5.1 million followers, exclaiming: "Patiently waiting for you to be here, we are all so excited to finally meet you baby girl!" Referring to her kicking, she added: "She’s very comfy apparently, letting me know who’s boss already!" A week earlier, she had a baby shower thrown in her honour, although ever-humble Stacey admitted: "I felt like I maybe shouldn’t have one because I’ve been so lucky to have showered so many blessings already!" Stacey and Joe didn't announce that she was expecting until the Christmas season last year, but she was already far into the pregnancy when the news broke, meaning the pair won't have to wait much longer to greet their third child together.