Prince Andrew could be poised to follow in Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's footsteps with a move to the US, particularly after reported disagreements with King Charles III and Prince William. The Duke of York, who celebrated his 63rd birthday last week, is no longer a working royal. Prince Andrew's relationship with his brother and nephew have reportedly deteriorated. Speaking to GB News, royal expert Angela Levin said: "I'm hearing that it's just something he's thinking about. "I don't think he'll go there; he's watching what Harry and Meghan are doing." Speaking of his relationship with Charles, Ms Levin said that they "just don't get on". She added: "He's obviously been left a load of money from his mother, and he can take that, and start a new life." READ MORE: Meghan Markle is 'upset and annoyed' over how she's portrayed in South Park parody Ms Levin said that Andrew will "want to do business and charitable work" and "won't actually be on Netflix" like Meghan and Harry. Speaking of Netflix, she added: "You can bet your bottom dollar on that one." Her comments come as it was earlier reported that Prince Andrew was "keeping an eye" on the Sussexes. The Duke of York has ambitions of enjoying similar levels of success in the US as the Sussexes. The royal insider said: "Andrew is less bothered than people think about losing his titles and official royal roles. READ MORE: 'I almost cried!' What Americans really think of Harry and Meghan's South Park appearance The royal insider highlighted that Andrew was planning a career move and had ambitions to reach a level of success in America, similar to Harry and Meghan. They added: "Andrew is less bothered than people think about losing his titles and official royal roles." They continued by stating that Andrew is "thinking about how he can forge a new career" and Meghan and Harry's US success is something he has been following "very, very closely". They added that he is more "interested in the businesses and charity side of things", as opposed to "doing anything on Netflix". DON'T MISS Edward made 'extraordinarily informal gesture' to Sophie at wedding [ANALYSIS]King and Queen seen after Coronation tipped to snub Harry and Meghan [REPORT]Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims [INSIGHT] His mother, the Queen, who died in September 2022, gave Andrew her blessing in stepping back from his royal duties in 2019, following the backlash he received from his Newsnight interview with Emily Maitlis. In November 2019, it was announced that Andrew would "step back from public duties for the foreseeable future".