 In his autumn statement last November, Hunt announced a staggering £55billion worth of tax hikes and spending cuts. He slashed the threshold for the additional rate 45p tax band, and froze allowances and thresholds for income tax, national insurance and inheritance tax for a further two years, to April 2028. Hunt will not be letting up in his Spring Budget on March 15, either, declaring that he was “resisting the urge right now to fund additional spending or tax cuts through borrowing”. Fine. We get it. Being careful with the coffers is Hunt's personal brand. But I have one question. If money is so tight, how on earth can we afford to spend a staggering £100billion on the disastrous HS2 rail link? I say £100billion, but in practice it will probably be twice that figure. Using official figures, Lord Berkley has calculated it will cost a staggering £156 billion at today’s prices. Others reckon £200billion. It could conceivably be more than that. Just think what we could do with that kind of money right now. Hunt could secure the state pension triple lock for a few more years, avert meltdown in the NHS, deliver much-needed improvements to dilapadated northern rail links and still have some money left over to cut taxes next month. And all he has to do is say these four simple words: “I am scrapping HS2.”  HS2 was supposed to unite the nation by building a flagship high-speed trainline from Leeds to London, and in a way, that’s what it’s done. It has united millions in derision, frustration and national embarrassment, as the original £58billion estimate has rocketed, while the line itself has been truncated. It won’t go anywhere near Leeds now. Or London, for that matter. The English countryside has been ripped up. Homeowners on the route have faced years of dread and uncertainty. Inflation has driven up bills so HS2 could end up costing a frankly unbelievable £307million per mile of track. That’s right, per mile. HS2 was a vanity project right from the beginning. Politicians love to show off by announcing big infrastructure projects. It's much more fun than delivering the nitty-gritty of better local services for everyone. Yet Hunt is clinging on, insisting against the evidence that it will all be a big success in the end, saying: “ I don't see any conceivable circumstance in which that would not end up at Euston.” I've always been amazed how politicians can suddenly come up with oodles of cash, when it suits them. One Chancellor after another has attacked our pensions, saying we can't afford them as the population gets older. Yet we can afford to splurge £200billion on HS2? READ MORE: Unless Jeremy Hunt performs a miracle in his next Budget we're doomed   I accept that taxpayers will lose money even Hunt does see sense and scrap HS2, having sunk up to £40billion on the calamitous project so far. Yet it's time to cut our losses. The nation's finances are in a parlous position and a saving of £100billion (and most likely a lot more) would go a long, long way. It would plug next year's NHS England budget shortfall, currently expected to be £7billion, and get those waiting lists down. There would be plenty left over to secure the state pension triple lock for a few more years, and offer taxpayers some reprieve this April. Or Hunt could use to shrink pay off some of the UK's £2.5trillion debt that he seems so worried about, until suddenly he isn’t. I know politicians hate being accused of making U-turns, but this is one the whole country should get behind. Just four words, that’s all it will take. So Jeremy, please, repeat after me: “I am scrapping HS2.” Then say it out loud in your Budget speech on March 15.