The second season of NCIS Hawaii has been a massive hit with fans, as the popular spin-off show has kept viewers on the edge of their seats with jam-packed episodes following Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) and the rest of the crew. But there is bad news, as the next episode will air a week later than originally planned. NCIS Hawaii’s next episode will be on fans’ screens before the end of the month, on Monday, February 27. The name of the next instalment of the hit drama is called the “Good Samaritan”. Fans are expected to see the return of Lucy Tara, played by Yasmine Al-Bustami, who’s back on dry land. Earlier in season two, Lucy said goodbye to her colleagues after accepting a new job as a Special Agent Afloat in Singapore. The character has been missing for the majority of season two after she took on the interesting challenge in Singapore. Although she wasn't seen among the Hawaii crew, Lucy appeared in the Los Angeles episode of the big NCISverse crossover, which came after the February 6 episode saw her solve her first big case as agent afloat. Fans have heard about and seen her and girlfriend Kate (Tori Anderson) as they have been in contact since Lucy left. CBS released a handful of pictures in a first look into the next episode and it appeared there will be a happy reunion for the couple. Ahead of the reunion, Jason Antoon who plays Ernie Malik shared a hilarious video via his official Twitter account last week. Al-Bustami (Lucy Tara) can be seen alongside her co-stars Tori Anderson (Kate Whistler), and Vanessa Lachey on the set of NCIS Hawaii. Antoon documented the moment he sneaks up on his three co-stars, by hiding in the corner of the room before jumping out at them. He captioned the clip: "I tried to get all three of them. I’ll probably retire #NCISHawaii #kacy." Anderson also took to Twitter in a separate post, confirming Al-Bustami’s return to set. The actress sent fans into a frenzy with a behind-the-scenes snap, as she reunited with her on-screen girlfriend in a video addressed to their followers. Alongside the video of the pair hugging, she wrote: “Just wanted to give a MASSIVE thank you to everyone who contributed to the Kacy Thank You Project. "Every single one of you! Thank you for your time, your love and for generously sharing your stories. @yasalbustami and I don’t know how we got so lucky.”   Lucy made her return to the show in last week's episode when viewers got a glimpse of her life aboard an aircraft carrier when she tackled her first big case. While it's not known when Lucy's first episode back in Hawai'i will be, fans can expect to see a good deal of action ahead, according to the drama's executive producer Christopher Silber. In a response to a question from a fan asking if Lucy will be in any fighting scenes upon her return, Silber told TV Line recently: "Yes. WHEN Lucy is back there will be a good deal of action for her. We can't wait." NCIS Hawaii is streaming on Disney+ in the UK with the series returning to CBS on February 27.