Emmerdale sisters Bernice Blackstock (played by Samantha Giles) and Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) got into a row last week as they both competed to buy Eric Pollard's (Chris Chittell) B&B. However, Bernice and Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) were determined, and after selling their prized possessions. they managed to bag the business for themselves. However, during Tuesday night's episode, it was clear to see that Bernice and Bob had conflicting ideas about the decor. Despite their disagreements, fans think sparks could fly between the pair very soon. "Why would you be painting?" Bob asked as Bernice chatted to Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) about the B&B. "Oh you know just some colour samples for The Grange," Bernice beamed. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Bob didn't look too pleased as he fired back: "We haven't even signed the paperwork. Eric will hit the roof." "It was only on the larder door on the inside," Bernice insisted. "And so it begins," Nicola chimed in before adding: "I must do the bins." "It is just a dab of paint," Bernice went on to say as Bob pointed out: "It all costs money, Bernice." "It would have been nice to be consulted, being partners," he added. Bernice apologised: "I am sorry, Bob, I got overexcited you know what I'm like." "I'll live I suppose," he said before Bernice replied: "You're going to love it." Following the episode, fans took to social media to share their thoughts about Bob and Bernice's storyline. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food [INSIGHT]GB News presenter Mark Steyn quits after Ofcom row  [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow guest makes history after valuation of Olympic sign [VIDEO] Many seem to think they will embark on an affair behind Wendy's back. "Bernice and Bob are the most perfect couple. I give it a month before they get together, @My6Percent theorised. "And HOW have they never been an item? They've been in #emmerdale for decades." Dion asked: "How long before Bernice and Bob?" While Paul Gibbons added: "Bob needs to dump fake nurse Wendy and try his luck with Bernice, they have much better chemistry, plus may mean Wendy moves far far far far away." (sic) "Don't let Wendy get in the middle of Bernice and Bob's partnership they are the humour #Emmerdale needs not her misery," Owen tweeted. Ryan Glendenning commented: "I think Bob & Wendy could split up now that Bernice and Bob are working together. #Emmerdale." (sic) Mick went on to predict: "Wendy’s already suspicious of B&B’s B&B." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.