Dame Barbara Windsor’s husband, Scott Mitchell, said her legacy is “more than her bra flying off” as he spoke out years after she was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s. The EastEnders actress and the actor-turned-agent were married for 27 years until her death in 2020, and he now prepares to honour her memory by running the TCS London Marathon to fundraise for dementia research. Scott explained: “The legacy is more than her bra flying off in Carry On Camping. “Her legacy will live on." Barbara found out about her Alzheimer’s diagnosis in 2014, but publicly confirmed the news four years later. According to Scott, Barbara being open about the condition allowed fans going through the same to relate to her. READ MORE: Piers Morgan brutally mocks Madonna’s Grammys appearance “They called it the Barbara Windsor effect. It opened up the conversation,” said Scott. “Other people were saying ‘Barbara’s got that thing I’ve got’.” Scott first ran the London Marathon in 2019, and initially thought he would not partake again before changing his mind after Barbara’s passing. Discussing his thoughts following the first marathon, Scott said: “I said then never again. “Then I ended up doing it in 2021 after Barbara had passed. “That took in a whole new thing. When I finished that one, I said never again.” However, feeling “really jealous” when the 2022 London Marathon took place in October, Scott changed his mind about this year's edition of the famous event. Scott is set to complete the marathon on April 23 - five days before his 60th birthday, with the actor admitting it “has to be the last one”. Earlier his month, Scott opened up about his devastating loss and grief in a candid interview with Express.co.uk from his home in central London. DON'T MISS...Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [PICTURES]Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUISIVE]Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INTERVIEW] Scott said: “Grief, and grieving, is a process.” He went on: “There are still times when I wake up and get confused and think I'm gonna see her but then reality kicks in again. But that's fading a little bit." Scott revealed that life without the woman known affectionately to many as “Babs” still hurts, despite the time that has passed. "I still get it today with people," Scott said. "Whether it is cab drivers or people who may have seen me on the occasions that I get recognised... they all come up and say, 'Oh, she's so missed.' He added: “There's a constant reminder of her. And of course, I can't turn the telly on without seeing her. “I watch EastEnders avidly, and there's a great big blow-up picture of Barbara in Peggy's nightclub in EastEnders. And there's a picture in the Queen Vic of Peggy. "So four times a week, literally, I'm reminded. I'll never want to get away from there. “I will always be associated with someone, and be someone who was lucky enough to share his life for that many years with such an amazing lady. But, I know the reality is she's not coming back."