Tottenham Hotspur could make as many as seven changes from their FA Cup win at Preston North End in Sunday's Premier League clash against Manchester City. Spurs will look to boost their top-four hopes by continuing a formidable recent home record against Pep Guardiola's side. Man City have tasted defeat in each of their last three visits to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in the Premier League. They will vie to change that this weekend after Arsenal's slip-up at Everton opened the opportunity to close the gap at the summit to just two points in north London. Tottenham look unlikely to have Antonio Conte in the dug-out as he continues his recovery from surgery to remove his gallbladder in Italy. Nonetheless, Express Sport take a look at how the hosts could line up against City on Sunday. Hugo Lloris should regain his starting spot from Fraser Forster after the No 2 patrolled between the posts flawlessly at Preston. Lloris will aim to keep back-to-back clean sheets for just the third time in a mistake-ridden campaign. That shouldn't be too difficult against Erling Haaland... READ MORE: Liverpool star Alisson takes aim at own teammates after dismal loss Conte fully rotated his back three for the FA Cup trip to Lancashire, fielding Japhet Tanganga, Davinson Sanchez and Clement Lenglet at Deepdale. But Cristian Romero, Eric Dier and Ben Davies should return in wholesale changes at the back for the Londoners. The trio will want to enjoy a better night than they endured at the Etihad Stadium last month. After a largely resolute first half, City romped to a 4-2 comeback win and will be confident of unleashing a similar scoreline on Spurs on Sunday. DON'T MISS: Klopp refuses to talk to reporter after Wolves loss - 'You know why' Matt Doherty won't be keeping his place from the Preston win after Spurs terminated his contract so he could join Atletico Madrid earlier this week. In his place, Pedro Porro could make his debut for the club after completing an initial loan from Sporting Lisbon, with a £39million obligation to buy, on deadline day. Ivan Perisic is likely to move back to left-wing-back after playing a more advanced role in the FA Cup, with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg reintroduced for Yves Bissouma. Rodrigo Bentancur could be one of just four players to keep their place from last weekend's 3-0 triumph. Dejan Kulusevski started what promised to be a momentous night in Manchester a few weeks ago, firing Spurs 1-0 up on the brink of half-time. He'll aim to get on the scoresheet again, with Son Heung-min on the opposite flank. Son has endured a poor Premier League season by his lofty standards but offered a timely reminder of his quality with a brace against Preston. Harry Kane will return to the starting line-up to face his former suitors Man City and Guardiola's striker alternative, Haaland. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here