Vera has been missing from the small screen since 2021 so fans were thrilled to learn it was soon going to make a comeback. The ITV series returned on Sunday, January 29, with the DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and DI Kenny Doughty (Jon Morrison) getting straight to work as they had another murder to investigate. Of course, it isn't always serious moments for the cast and crew when the cameras aren't rolling. Filming for Vera season 12 came to an end on December 16, 2022, after shooting began the previous month. To celebrate the accomplishment actress Blethyn posted on Twitter: “That’s a wrap on VERA 12. Many thanks to the wonderful Vera team cast and crew. Feel emotional.” Shooting on set in Newcastle Upon Tyne and Northumberland in the winter may not be the most enjoyable with freezing temperatures just starting to ease up. But this didn't stop the cast keeping their spirits as they managed to keep themselves preoccupied, although, it didn't always go according to plan. READ MORE: BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up Actress Blethyn explained: “We try to liven things up during filming. Jon Morrison, who plays DC Kenny Lockhart, has a great voice. "He can blow the windows out, it’s so powerful. I can’t sing but I am always singing. Everything to me is a cue for a song. "Anything to chivvy the day along. To keep spirits up. "Things like show tunes and ‘Rawhide’." She continued: "I also tried to teach Kenny Doughty to tap dance but failed miserably. "I can’t do it very well myself but I know time steps and so on. "There’s a job to do so it’s not all fun and games, although that does help us through the day.” Once again, there will be six feature length films of Vera that air every Sunday in the same time slot. DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [WARNING]Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'isn't sure' of co-star's replacement [CAST]Meet Vera star Brenda Blethyn's eight siblings [FAMILY] So as long as there are no delays, the finale of Vera season 12 is going to come out on Sunday, March 5. This particular episode is going to be called The Darkest Evening and is once again based on a best selling book from author Ann Cleeves. What's exciting is the instalment is going to be Vera's 50th ever episode so will certainly be one to watch. For now, there is still the second episode of Vera season 12 to look forward to on ITV. The synopsis for the episode, For the Grace of God, reads: "Adapting to civilian life was not easy for Lance Corporal Conn Burns and after a series of bad life choices, he found himself desolate, down and out on the streets of Newcastle. "Attempting to get his life back on track, Conn had recently been making moves that would see him repay old debts, rebuild relationships and get him off the streets. "DCI Stanhope is called in after the body of Burns is discovered, and unearths secrets from his past and betrayal in the present." Vera season 12 continues every Sunday at 8pm on ITV.