Manchester City have been tipped to move for Arsenal boss and Pep Guardiola’s former assistant Mikel Arteta when Guardiola decides to leave the Etihad. The 52-year-old signed a two-year contract extension in November but the club’s uncertain future since they were charged for over 100 alleged breaches of financial rules, has thrown Guardiola’s position into doubt. Guardiola previously admitted that he would walk away if he found out that he had been lied to after the Court of Arbitration cleared City of all charges after allegedly breaking Financial Fair Play rules in 2020. "I said to them: ‘If you lie to me, I am not here. I will be out’. If I defend the people and the club, it's because I work with them,” Guardiola said at the time. "When I ask about suspicions or if our people have done something, then I say to them, 'tell me'." While Manchester United icon Dwight Yorke has tipped Manchester City to replace Guardiola with Arteta should the current boss walk away, claiming that the Gunners winning the Premier League title this season should only further tempt them into bringing Arteta back to the Etihad after over three years under Guardiola before taking the Arsenal job. “If Pep Guardiola leaves Manchester City, I can imagine them trying to replace Guardiola with Mikel Arteta,” Yorke told OLBG. “Especially if Arsenal win the league. Until all the evidence and allegations come out, Guardiola will remain at the club and make a decision once the outcome arrives. We'll have to wait and see if anything does happen to Manchester City “There are some jobs you can't just turn your nose up to. Mikel Arteta has done a fantastic job with Arsenal, and if City did approach him to become the next Man City manager, I think he would have to think long and hard about the decision.  “Arteta can create his own legacy at Arsenal rather than going back to Manchester City and try to emulate what Pep Guardiola has done. It won't be a straightforward decision, but I like Arteta at Arsenal, and he's given himself a great platform to create a legacy. Either way, he will be at a very good club.” City’s case with the Premier League could rumble on for several years while Arteta has a contract at Arsenal until the summer of 2025, after signing a three-year extension in May. After a mixed start to life at the Emirates, the Spaniard has overseen a dramatic change at the north London club and now has them at the top of the table, five points clear of second-placed Manchester City with a game in hand on Guardiola’s outfit.