A behaviour expert claimed Prince Harry will not be able to "redeem himself" in the eyes of the US public after the publication of his autobiography Spare. The Duke of Sussex's popularity nosedived in the US, polls found, after the release of his book and his tell-all Netflix documentary. A poll found that 31 percent of the 2,000 participants in the study likes the Prince, but 38 percent disliked him, making his net approval -7. This is a drastic drop in popularity from the same survey taken on December 5, when his net approval was +38. This means the royal's popularity has dropped by a huge 45 points. In the latest survey, 44 percent of those asked said his memoir did not need to include so many details about his private life. Harry's wife Meghan Markle has also dropped, from a net approval of +23 to -13 in the same period of time. Dr. Lillian Glass is a human behaviour and body language expert. She is the author of the best-seller Toxic People: Toxic People: 10 Ways Of Dealing With People Who Make Your Life Miserable. READ MORE: Eagle-eyed royal fans spot uncanny likeness of Princess Eugenie's son to other young royal She claimed to the Express: "He will never redeem himself in American society. He can never come back." She suggested the Prince isn't taken seriously by the American public because he doesn't have the expertise and said: "He's not an expert. He has nothing to offer. So we don't care. He may make a lecture here and there but nobody cares. Nobody's going to take him with any seriousness." Discussing Harry's book, and his subsequent TV interviews to promote the autobiography, Lillian explained why the royal's popularity has dropped significantly. She went on: "You see a little boy, you see a little boy whining. You see somebody that's telling you things that are like a child, 'my like brother hit me.' What brothers and sisters don't fight? It's such benign events, tattle-taling. "The reason why he's 50 percent below in his popularity right now after the book and the Netflix show is because, in my view having written the best-selling book Toxic People, he has displayed many typically 'toxic' traits." "First of all, people don't like people who are complainers and non-solvers, that's number one. And number two, they don't like people who gossip and that's what this really is, a whole gossip fest about nothing, about bridesmaids' dresses." DON'T MISSTexts between Catherine and Meghan showed 'Kate wanted to be co-operative' [EXPERT] Meghan Markle could make £640K a year from 'mommy' project [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle wore $37,000 worth of jewellery in Netflix documentary [STYLE] She referenced Prince Harry's inclusion of text messages sent between his sister-in-law Princess Catherine and his wife Meghan before their wedding day. The texts published in Harry's tell-all autobiography Spare, and Harry claimed the exchange left his wife sobbing on the floor. Harry claims Kate sent his wife a message that read: "Charlotte’s dress is too big, too long, too baggy. She cried when she tried it on at home." According to Harry, Meghan responded: "Right, and I told you the tailor has been standing by since eight am. Here. At KP [Kensington Palace]. Can you take Charlotte to have it altered, as the other moms are doing?” The Princess of Wales suggested all the dresses needed to be remade, Prince Harry claimed in his book. Meghan replied: "I'm not sure what else to say. If the dress doesn't fit then please take Charlotte to see Ajay. He's been waiting all day." Kate, the Duke claimed, replied saying: "Fine". Lillian claimed "Kate wanted to cooperate" in the tense text exchange with Meghan. She said: "Kate wanted to be cooperative. You know, when she said the dresses needed to be done, even the tailor said yes, everyone's dresses need to be done. It was so, so silly."