Diogo Dalot proved Cristiano Ronaldo right on Sunday afternoon during Manchester United’s 2-0 win over Leeds United. The right-back has shone at Old Trafford so far this season, prompting the club to weigh up selling Aaron Wan-Bissaka as a result. The Red Devils had to dig in deep to secure all three points against their rivals, fuelled by only managing a draw against them in midweek. Marcus Rashford opened the scoring in the 80th minute as he powered a header past Illan Meslier from close range to take his Premier League tally for the season to 12. Alejandro Garnacho then came off of the bench to gain his comeuppance against Leeds – following several missed chances on Wednesday night – when he swept home a neat finish after racing down the wing. The victory takes United to within five points of league leaders Arsenal and provides them with an outside chance of launching a title charge. Erik ten Hag was ecstatic with both goals on the day, both due to how well worked they were and their importance, though he wasn’t the only key figure that made it no secret that they were pleased. As Rashford’s header found the back of the net, Dalot was the only player on the bench to rise from their seat to celebrate the goal. DON'T MISS: Howard Webb 'furiously summons all Prem refs for emergency meeting' The right-back was delighted with the goal in a moment that indicated just how committed he is to United, and why Ten Hag is adamant that he is one of his players that will not need replacing. The attitude of Dalot will come as no surprise to Ronaldo, who spoke about how his international teammate ‘is’ United. Speaking during his interview with Piers Morgan last year, Ronaldo said: “If you ask me what I see in Man Utd... Diogo Dalot is an example. MUST READ...Arsenal need four players to step up to get title bid back on trackGary Neville told off after making Manchester City jibe live on TVMaguire shows true colours with message to Ten Hag after Man Utd win "He is young, but he is very, very professional. And I’m not doubting that he’s going to have longevity in football because he’s young, he’s smart, intelligent and is very professional." Dalot has shone at the Theatre of Dreams this season, assisting two and being a key figure in United’s new and improved back four. The 23-year-old is reportedly on the verge of penning a new deal with United, amid interest from Barcelona, with the club keen to reward his progression and Ten Hag desperate to retain his services, viewing the former Porto star as a key figure in both the short and long term future.