Former politician Stanley Johnson was shut down on Friday's instalment of Good Morning Britain as a debate about cyclists' safety got underway. The discussion was held in the wake of Channel 5 presenter Dan Walker, 45, being hospitalised after getting hit by a car while he was riding his bike earlier this week.  Former BBC Breakfast presenter Dan was left "battered and bruised" following the horror crash on a busy roundabout in Sheffield. The father-of-three posted photographs of himself and his injuries on Instagram as he thanked paramedics for their care. He admitted he was "lucky to be alive" following the incident and has been resting at home with his dog Winnie. The accident was discussed on Friday's instalment of Good Morning Britain, with Stanley objecting to wearing a helmet or hi-vis, and radio presenter Cristo Foufas vehemently disagreeing with him. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation Cristo shut down Stanley, telling him: "Why would you want to put your safety in the hands of people who are fallible drivers, they make mistakes? "I think there are too many cyclists who don't want to take responsibility for their own safety. "That means wearing a helmet when the appropriate conditions call for it, wearing hi-vis and not wearing earphones - I would make that illegal actually. "Wearing noise-cancelling earphones when you are cycling is ridiculous."  Stanley replied: "Cristo, Christ, I think you can't go around the whole day with a knapsack and stuff to put your helmet in. "Should helmets and hi-vis be mandatory, no, no, no. I'd say that to answer your question." He said he would "love to see some statistics" on the matter as he opposed wearing a helmet. "Don't you think when you are driving in a car, you can't always see everything?" Cristo said. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway addresses 'obsession' which 'infuriates' GMB co-star [LATEST]Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [VIDEO] "And it's scary when a cyclist comes out of nowhere wearing head to toe in black with no lights on in some cases. The radio host said it is "frightening and their safety is put at risk" but Stanley continued to disagree with him. "You can't do everything on the basis of health and safety, you absolutely can't," Stanley, who has been cycling for more than 50 years, added. Stanely later admitted he had sympathy for Dan as host Ben Shephard showed the results of a Good Morning Britain poll asking viewers if they think hi-vis should be compulsory.   Out of the 5,587 people who voted, 85.2 percent believed cyclists should wear hi-vis to ride a bike. During the debate, @Notaclue22 tweeted: "#GMB Stanley Johnson! Another person that doesn't think the rules apply. Nobody else you could have got in to discuss cyclist safety?" Susan McLellan added: "Stanley Johnson talking absolute rubbish once again #GMB." However, @4ChordsNoNet said: "No amount of hi-vis will help and motorists don't even look where they're going." Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV and ITVX.  