After almost unrelenting increases in house prices and historically low-interest rates over the past few years, the landscape is changing. And it’s either great news or terrible news, depending on which side of the fence you are sitting on.  This week saw interest rates hit their highest level since 2008 at four percent, a 10th consecutive increase, piling further misery on existing and prospective mortgage payers. At the same time, January brought a fifth consecutive monthly fall in house prices, according to the Nationwide Building Society. We’re now looking at an average property price last month of £258,297, a fall of 0.6 percent from December’s level and a continuation of the downward curve. Meanwhile, the Bank of England last week revealed mortgage approvals in December were at their lowest level since 2009, excluding the Covid-19 lockdown periods. It’s a perfect storm for falling prices, with rising interest rates making mortgages more expensive, incomes being squeezed to the hilt by the cost of living crisis and consumers’ confidence showing signs of wavering. But I know, you want me to tell you what that means for you. As ever, the decision to buy or sell a property is a hugely personal one depending on your circumstances and one-size-fits-all advice doesn’t exist. Bring it back to you, your financial situation and the needs of your family.  But if I was a first-time buyer, I’d be sitting on my hands safe in the knowledge prices are likely to continue falling this year. And the rising costs could leave some people in need of selling their homes as they struggle to make their mortgage repayments, bringing extra stock to the market and putting buyers in an even stronger position to drive a hard bargain. As a side point, I’d definitely have my savings in a high-earning bank account to take advantage of the rising interest rates. What you don’t want is to overpay for a home, and then go straight into negative equity if prices continue to fall as expected over the next two years. A lot of sellers are finding themselves in a dilemma at the moment, unsure whether to flog their property or not. On one hand, you might be tempted to accept less than you had hoped for, knowing the possibility that you might receive even less this time next year.  But on the other hand, there are still plenty of potential buyers who are willing to part with their cash for the right property, so you may be able to secure a price that you are comfortable with. Whichever way you are leaning, my advice would be to stop faffing around and decide soon because the longer you wait increases the risk of less money hitting your bank account in the future. The right decision is the one you are most comfortable making against a backdrop of falling prices, rising interest rates and a smaller pool of buyers. 