The boyfriend of Nicola Bulley has made a heartbreaking public speech. In his first speech since the mother-of-two went missing, Paul Ansell said he is putting his "whole focus" on the two girls and "staying as strong" as he can for them. Nicola went missing went missing after dropping the two girls at school and going for a dog walk with her springer spaniel Willow in St Michael's in Wyre, Lancashire.  Mr Ansell said he "cannot get his head around" her disappearance. Speaking near the scene of where his partner was last seen, he said: "Every single scenario comes to a brick wall. Every single one of them. "All we are doing is sitting there going round and round and round through each scenario." He added he was focusing on looking after their two daughters and "didn't want to think" about how he was coping.   Friends, family and members of the community have been out on Friday morning appealing for information with missing posters and banners around the area as police continue their investigation for a seventh day. Speaking on Friday morning, Nicola's friend Emma White said the two girls have been asking questions about where their mum is. She said: "They know mummy’s missing. Today, apparently the hair wasn’t quite right for one of the little girls, because that’s not the way mummy does it. “I think we’ve touched the nation here. She’s a daughter, mother, partner, sister and a great friend. We just all want her back.” Lancaster Police superintendent Sally Riley said the investigation remains a missing persons inquiry, as officers have not given a reason to suspect a criminal element or any third party involvement. Officers identified several witnesses but the latest revealed she knew nothing of significance about Nicola's disappearence. Police released a CCTV image of the woman on Thursday as a key potential witness who was walking along the River Wyre at the same time as Nicola. But after she was identified, police were left at a dead end as she was unable to provide any extra information, according to reports. READ MORE: Missing Nicola Bulley's last 45 minutes before she vanished Nicola was last spotted last Friday at around 9.15am with her dog, Willow found alone by a passer-by. Her phone was also found on the bench, still contected to a work call which had ended. New information from the 45-year-old's Strava account revealed that Nicola took a route she knew well and often shared pictures walking her dog in the area. Details from the account, which is used to track fitness goals and steps gave details of her regular walk. On Thursday Nicola's parents launched an emotiona plea with her father, Ernest sayig her two children are convinced it is “only a matter of time” until she returns. He said: "If she’s watching this, then all we’d like to say is come home, contact the police, contact ourselves and we just want you back." Mr Bulley added: "They know that Mummy’s missing but they know that she’s going to be coming home and everyone is looking for her so it’s only a matter of time, that they’re thinking in their minds, that she’s going to walk through that door.” The 73-year-old said he saw his daughter the day before her disappearence saying she was "great" and seemed "very upbeat." He added: "I gave her a kiss and told her I loved her and that was the last conversation I had with her.”   The key moments before she went missing include:  Lancaster Police superintendent Sally Riley said: “We know that Nicola going missing has caused a great deal of concern for the wider local community, as well as obviously being an awful time for her family. “This remains a missing person inquiry and at this time there is nothing to suggest any third-party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance."