Lilt has been sold for nearly 50 years, but Coca-Cola, the brand that owns Lilt is shaking up its drinks offering; Lilt is going to be scrapped and instead, a new flavour of Fanta will be available to buy. Replacing Lilt will be Fanta Pineapple & Grapefruit, available in 330ml cans, 500ml bottles and two-litre bottles. The Fanta Pineapple & Grapefruit will feature “the same totally tropical taste” as Lilt and is available to buy from tomorrow (February 14). The design of the new Fanta Pineapple & Grapefruit has a “graphic nod to the totally tropical taste of the product’s roots”. For those preferring a zero-sugar version of the drink, this will be available in a two-litre bottle format. READ MORE: Jamie Oliver’s method to get the ‘perfect boiled egg every time’ Coca-Cola Europacific Partners commented on the change and said: “Keen Lilt fans may have spotted a gradual transition as the drink has made its way into the Fanta family over the past few months, with changes to its packaging and logo. “Some have even hypothesised on social media that Lilt may be becoming part of the Fanta brand, and one even went as far as producing their own news broadcast-style video.” CCEP GB VP of commercial development Martin Attock said: “Our main priority with this announcement is to reassure Lilt’s loyal fanbase that absolutely nothing has changed when it comes to the iconic taste of the drink they know and love.” “It’s still bursting with tangy tropical flavours. It’s just got itself a new name.” DON'T MISS...Letitia Dean ‘looks amazing’ after dropping four dress sizes [PICTURES]Astrologer shares the star sign that is the luckiest in love [COMMENT]Harry holds ‘naive view’ for future with Royal Family expert claims [VIDEO] Lilt fans are not happy about the news and took to social media to complain. One said: “Noooooo! Lilt is my favourite drink. Off to raid @Tesco to buy it all of the shelves…” Another added: “Lilt is literally the best f***ing fizzy drink out there!” A third mentioned: “We mourn for the end of an iconic 90s drink - Lilt.” One tweet read: “Haven't had a can of Lilt in years but I'm still quite sad to see it go. My drink of choice when I was a kid.” READ MORE: McDonald's announces fan-favourite item is returning to menus Lilt made its UK debut in 1975 with the strapline: ‘The Totally Tropical Taste’, and fizzy drinks brands were not convinced by its intense tropical flavours. The 1988 TV ad saw a ‘Lilt man’ delivering cans and bottles of the drink to beach-goers from a Lilt float. Ten years later, the brand hired two unknown British Jamaican women – Blanche Williams and Hazel Palmer – to star in the TV ads and they became Lilt icons, known as the ‘Lilt ladies’. Lilt isn’t the only iconic treat that’s been discontinued in recent years; white chocolate Malteasers were formally stopped in 2014, but fans continue to submit comments for its return. Another popular chocolate that isn’t available anymore is Galaxy Truffles, and there’s still discussion over its comeback. In 2015, Cadbury’s fans were shocked to learn the recipe for Creme Eggs was adapted and sales of the fondant egg fell by £6 million the first year the new recipe was available. The Dream Bar is one of the most talked-about discontinued chocolate bars. Desperate fans can purchase the bar from B&M stores but they have been shipped from another country so could cost more.