Stacey Solomon made the cryptic announcement that she and husband Joe Swash "know who she is now" in reference to her newborn baby girl - her third child with Joe and fifth child overall. The ecstatic Sort Your Life Out star could then scarcely control her grins of delight as she revealed that they had already named their little one after a character from Beauty and the Beast. "Reading all of your lovely messages," the 34-year-old captioned her latest Instagram Stories post, punctuating her emotion with a tearful face emoji. "We really wanted to meet her and get to know her before deciding on a name, but we think we know who she is now..." she teased. "Our little Belle. Our beautiful, delicate baby girl. Who will forever remind us of the bluebells that are about to bloom as you bring the spring with you into the world… And a little special connection to your Rose," she wrote on Instagram as she referenced Disney fairytale Beauty And The Beast. In the story, Belle's father is imprisoned by a beast in a castle after he picks a rose for his daughter from his garden - and the flower has become a distinctive symbol associated with the film around the world. Later Belle herself is held captive by the beast, but learns to love him. READ NOW: Blake Lively wows with post-baby body as she welcomes fourth child The choice of name is perhaps unsurprising for fairytale enthusiast Stacey, who loves taking the kids to Disneyland - and it marks a dramatic entrance for her baby girl. Stacey had unexpectedly become pregnant with the latest new arrival a matter of just months after giving birth to little Rose, who shares her birthday with her mum. She couldn't be happier to expand her family, having previously believed Rose would be her final child. "We have to live within our means. We want to be the best parents we can [and] I don't want to push it any more. This is enough," she told her followers of her decision. However, just after Christmas, Stacey and Joe published a photo of themselves gleefully clutching a positive pregnancy test. In spite of the trauma of a miscarriage she'd suffered in between giving birth to son Rex and daughter Rose, and her concerns about welcoming a fifth child, she was ecstatic. Fast forward to the day of the birth last week, and she and Joe were giddy with emotion as they cuddled their newborn. "She’s Here. Our beautiful daughter, born at home with all of your brothers and sister ready to snuggle you forever and ever," Stacey wrote on Instagram. "You literally flew into our world… And none of us can quite believe your thick dark head of hair that we just can’t get over!" "Welcome to the world beautiful girl," she exclaimed, thanking her for "the last few months in my tummy". DON'T MISS... Holly Willoughby divides fans with 'ridiculous' Dancing On Ice dress [LATEST] Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [DEBATE] Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES]  "We can’t wait to love you forever and ever - we are so grateful we get to be your family," she concluded. Stacey's birthing journey first began as a teenager when she welcomed her eldest child Zachary. "[An abortion] was definitely something I considered, because I thought my life would be over," she reflected afterwards. "That sounds awful and I feel guilty about it every day because Zach's incredible," she added in her interview with the Mail on Sunday. However, Stacey now loves Zachary so much that she has playfully suggested she regards him as her favourite. During an episode of her Crafty Christmas show last year, she was seen cutting out a photo of him to make a personalised Christmas tree bauble while affectionately sighing: "Ah Zach, my favourite child." She added: "Just kidding - but he is. I'm just joking again - everyone's got one, don't pretend you don't." Stacey revealed that having a baby to look after was what gave her the impetus to become financially successful, and she went on to become an X-Factor finalist.