America's Got Talent alum Scott Alexander has died after suffering a stroke, his wife has confirmed on Instagram. Jenny shared that her husband had died while working on a cruise ship, in an emotional post. Jenny took to Instagram to share a picture of Scott alongside herself and their three children, while announcing the heartbreaking news. She wrote: "I lost my husband yesterday. My kids lost their father. He suffered a stroke while working on a cruise ship in St Kitts and did not make it home to us. "We are shattered. Please hold us in your prayers." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their condolences over the gut-wrenching news. READ MORE: Prue Leith fears being ‘angry’ with son after heartbreaking loss Saffroncreations said: "Jenny, please let us know what we can do for you. This community of makers will rally around and support you. Anything you need." Cilla_dahl added: "Dear Jenny, I am holding you and your family in light and love. "He looks like a really wonderful person and I'm sure he loves you very much." Atwaterdesigns commented: "Oh Jenny, I’m so so sorry. We are holding you in love and light. "I didn’t know him but anyone who chose to spend their life with you must have been an incredible person. What a loss for the world." "I didn’t know him but anyone who chose to spend their life with you must have been an incredible person. What a loss for the world." Scott impressed judges on America's Got Talent in Season 6 with an illusion act in which a woman seemed to appear out of nowhere, be supported by water, then levitate. He was sent to Las Vegas after judges Piers Morgan, Sharon Osbourne and Howie Mandel voted him through. Scott was eventually voted out in the quarterfinals following a performance of an illusion in which a gospel choir disappeared, and then reappeared a distance away. DON'T MISS... Happy Valley's James Norton and Rhys Connah pay tribute to castmates [INSIGHT] Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [PICS] Adele holds back tears as she dedicates Grammy win to son Angelo [GRAMMYS] The act did not receive enough votes to finish in at least fifth place in America's vote, eliminating Scott from the competition in 2011.  The illusionist was active on Instagram, having last posted just five weeks ago as he promoted his merchandise. Many fans also took to Twitter to share their condolences over the sudden and sad loss. TheDareDevil wrote: "A brilliant and creative magician left us today. Scott Alexander was fab, and he gifted us with great performances and awesome material which will take his name forward. "A real loss. Scott was one of the really good ones. #RIPScottAlexander." Pmahebburn added: "The world of magic is a poorer place today. Shocked and saddened at the sudden passing of Scott Alexander. My thoughts are with his family." Scott is survived by his wife Jenny and three children.