A woman was finally reunited with her beloved dog after a gruelling four-day search led to her wading through a river to reunite with the miniature dachshund. Alifiyah Mohamedbhai, 33, from Burnage, was devastated when she received the news that her dog, Violet, had disappeared while out with her regular dog walker at Reddish Vale park in Stockport. Owner Alifiyah initially believed the Apple AirTag fitted to Violet's collar would help track her down, but the location stopped showing after the tag’s battery began to drain. Alifiya told the Manchester Evening News: "She is such a quiet dog and was out on the same walk that she does every day, and has done for two-and-a-half years with my dog walker and best friend. "Nobody knows what spooked her or what happened - she doesn't wander off to explore and always walks by your feet, but she must've turned and just walked off the other way. "We had no idea where she was. We spent eight hours looking for her and there were no sightings. Reddish Vale is huge, so she could've been anywhere."  "I had a call from a number telling me they had my dog,” she explained. “When I told them she was spayed they said they didn't want her anymore, but couldn't have her back and that we needed to pay. “I had to sit in the bathroom for an hour and 40 minutes because he wanted to hear the extractor fan, and told me he would kill her if I didn't. Police told me it had been a scam call and that the number and bank account was registered in Leicester. I was in such a vulnerable position and almost broke down."  Thankfully the following day Alifiyah was reunited with her beloved dog after her phone began to buzz as she walked along the River Tame. Her Bluetooth had activated the tag on Violet's collar and she was able to track her down in a small cove in the embankment. READ MORE: Lanzarote wants fewer tourists - including Britons She added: "I really had been starting to lose hope. "I wish I could see her memory of the last couple of days, find out what she was up to and know what spooked her." It was then that they spotted the little Dachshund sat, tail wagging, in a small cove in the embankment. Without hesitation, Alifiyah jumped in and waded through the water to get her. It was captured on a video that has been shared thousands of times. She said: "The phone kept pinging and pinging and the Bluetooth kicked in. As we walked closer it said we were 80ft away, then 70ft away and was counting down. Then we saw her just wagging her tail and jumping up and down. It was crazy and it was like nothing had happened. "I didn't even stop to think how deep it was, I just got in the water and ran across. She was crying and jumping. Violet is not just domesticated - she is pampered and won't even go out for a wee when it's raining, so to be out in the cold and be fine, I just couldn't believe it. It's a miracle." Alifiyah also told how she was contacted by a man who said he had Violet and threatened to kill her if she didn't hand over £250. Officers are investigating after she reported it to the police after they arranged to meet but nobody turned up. 