Queen Camilla, 75, wore an eye-catching Tudor crown brooch on Wednesday during a historic visit to Brick Lane, which royal fans absolutely loved. For instance, Twitter user @jayne072 wrote: "Love the Queen's brooch!"   Meanwhile, @notaroyalexpert added: "The Queen wearing a crown brooch today to remind the haters that one will be on her head in three months!" King Charles III and Camilla, the Queen Consort met members of the public during a visit to the Bangladeshi community of Brick Lane on Wednesday. The King and Queen Consort met local charities and businesses, as well as members who were actively involved in the anti-racism movement of the 1960s and 1970s. Whilst the King experienced a relatable fashion blunder in the form of a hole in his sock, Camilla stunned in a long white coat by Fiona Clare and a silver brooch. READ MORE: Princess Anne plays 'wing-woman' in closest royal friendship  Fine jewellery experts at UK retailer Steven Stone have taken a close look at the brooch, sharing everything royal fans need to know. Maxwell Stone, Diamond Expert, Steven Stone, told Express.co.uk: "It's no surprise that everybody is talking about Camilla's latest brooch. "It's eye-catching and laced with both sentiment and history." The shape of the brooch has an important hidden meaning, according to the expert.   Mr Stone added: "In the shape of the Tudor crown, the silver brooch features a band studded with sapphire, ruby and emerald. "The Tudor crown is particularly symbolic as it stylises King Charles III's cypher." The King's cypher is quite different from the late Queen Elizabeth's, due to their different crowns. The expert continued: "Taking over from the St Edward Crown, the Tudor Crown last appeared on the royal insignia with King George VI, King Charles’ grandfather. READ MORE: I made King Charles' £5 wild mushroom risotto with no garlic - video  "He used the Crown for his design while he was on the throne for 15 years." This crown will make an appearance on May 6 at the upcoming coronation according to Mr Stone. He explained: "King Charles III's new throne is also said to carry the Tudor Crown, making the brooch an incredibly sentimental choice by the Queen Consort. "She will be crowned alongside the King on his coronation day in May.  "With the King keen to make his own distinct mark as King, he likely made the decision to step away from the St Edward Crown. "This is due to it being strongly associated with Queen Elizabeth II's 70-year reign. "Though it's difficult to put a price on such a regal piece, I'd estimate Camilla's brooch to be worth $40,000." This equates to roughly £33,000 in British Sterling. In terms of the crown Queen Camilla could wear at the coronation, it is rumoured to be the Koh-I-Noor diamond crown, which the Queen Mother wore at her husband's coronation in 1936. 