Boxing legend Mike Tyson has given his honest opinion on UFC icon Conor McGregor, who will soon be returning to fight within the company. Tyson is no stranger to the Irishman, with the pair having met multiple times over recent years. The American has been in attendance for a number of the Irishman’s title bouts, with McGregor revealing previously that it was an ‘honour’ to have the boxing legend cage-side. Similarly to Tyson, the ‘Notorious’ is known for his gift of the gab outside the octagon, as well as his skills in it. ‘Iron Mike’ however believes this is somewhat of a gimmick, labelling McGregor ‘beautiful’ in ‘real life’. The American boxing stalwart was discussing the Irishman during a recent episode of his podcast ‘Hotboxin’ with Mike Tyson’. JUST IN: Floyd Mayweather had 'bloody nose and swolen eye' after being taught lesson in sparring He said: “You have to have a gimmick. It’s real, but it’s a gimmick. The only guys that have all the money have a gimmick. Look at Conor McGregor. He has a gimmick. He’s crazy, he’s bold, it’s a gimmick. “In real life, he’s a beautiful guy." Entertainment has become a big component in combat sports, with the UFC in particular putting on some of the world’s biggest, and most highly anticipated events in sport. Whilst boxing is of course known for its own big nights in sold out arenas, Tyson believes his sport is a long way behind the UFC brand. DON'T MISSInside Connor McGregor's life as £166m UFC ace owns Lamborghini yacht and supercar fleetKhabib shares moment with Makhachev over Facetime after UFC 284 winMcGregor takes sly dig at Makhachev and Volkanovski after title fight  Boxing is not entertainment," he added. "The fighters entertain, but after one fight is over and there’s an intermission. Nothing is happening, people are talking to each other. “The UFC, when they have an intermission, it’s a party. Some people just go for the party, talk, do business. That’s why the UFC is more advanced than boxing. Boxers get paid more money, but the entity of the UFC is billions.”