It comes as many households' finances across the country will soon be affected by the Energy Price Guarantee change. This was introduced as a temporary measure to protect energy bill-payers from significant increases in wholesale energy prices. The Government's Energy Price Guarantee will cap energy bills at £3,000 from April 2023, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has confirmed. Despite this, there is a variety of help and support to aid households to settle their energy debt. Citizens Advice notes: "You can get help if you’re struggling to afford your energy bills or top up your prepayment meter. "You might be able to take advantage of certain benefits, grants and help offered by the government and energy suppliers." READ MORE: Virgin Money is offering top rate with 4.25% exclusive account E.ON The E.ON Next Energy Fund initiative has been set up to help customers receive extra support. If people meet the criteria, the Energy Fund could help them pay their current or final E.ON Next energy bills and even replace old appliances. The Fund can help pay current or final E.ON energy bill arrears to customers living in England, Scotland or Wales. It can also help E.ON customers by providing replacement household items such as cookers, fridges, fridge-freezers and washing machines – and also help to replace gas boilers. READ MORE: DWP confirms cost of living payment details - Millions to get £301 boost in just months OVO OVO's £50m Customer Support package includes free or discounted products and services, like smart thermostats, electric throws and boiler servicing. Prepayment meter customers will get payment holiday for debt repayment so that money goes directly towards heating, not paying back debt this winter. There will also be a 200 percent increase in emergency top-up credit for customers on prepayment meters and continued commitment to never disconnect a customer. Shell Shell created a £20 million Helpfund to alleviate some of the financial hardship and energy debt for their customers who need it most. Possible solutions include: In order to apply for a grant, individuals should be prepared to provide detailed information about their personal financial situation in their application. Some suppliers may ask for additional information or requirements before applying such as getting advice from an official debt adviser. More information can be found on each suppliers website.