Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have come in for a royal roasting in the latest season of South Park, which takes aim at the "prince and princess of Canada" as they embark on their "Worldwide Privacy Tour". But it's the satirical swipe at Harry's tell-all memoir, Spare, that packs the most punch. During a promotional tour for the prince's hotly anticipated autobiography, renamed "Waaagh", the animated versions of the couple face a familiar charge of hypocrisy: that they are seeking greater privacy while going public with intimate details about their life. The Sussexes have consistently denied that they stepped down from royal duties to pursue greater privacy but they have often lambasted the British press for what they perceive as an unhealthy interest in their private lives. However, the creators of South Park point out that the couple - and more specifically Harry - appear to want the best of both worlds. During the episode, cartoon versions of the couple appear on Good Morning Canada while holding signs which read "Stop Looking At Us" and "We Want Our Privacy". When confronting the pair about hating journalists, the exasperated host exposes a central flaw in their argument - that Harry has become one himself due to his new book. READ MORE: South Park parody 'immensely damaging' to Harry and Meghan's 'vast egos' "We just want to be normal people - all this attention is so hard," the cartoon prince replies. When the presenter claims the prince's wife doesn't really want privacy, the outraged royal replies: "How dare you, sir! My Instagram-loving b**** wife has always wanted her privacy." After storming off set, the couple then go on a "Worldwide Privacy Tour" to France, India and Canada - then starting counting off every American state. This charge has dogged the couple ever since they stepped down from royal duties back in 2020 to pursue projects in the US. DON'T MISSJournalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] In their statement at the time, the Sussexes said: "We now plan to balance our time between the United Kingdom and North America, continuing to honour our duty to the Queen, the Commonwealth and our patronages. "This geographic balance will enable us to raise our son with an appreciation for the royal tradition into which he was born, while also providing our family with the space to focus on the next chapter, including the launch of our new charitable entity." Meghan addressed the charge directly during the couple's interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, claiming the media "created a false narrative. I've never talked about privacy". However, critics once again levelled the allegation after the release of the Sussexes' Netflix series in December last year. READ MORE: Prince Andrew is more popular than Harry and Meghan, shock poll reveals Commentators at the time suggested the Netflix series, which focused heavily on press intrusion, contradicted the Sussexes's reasoning for leaving the UK. For example, Dickie Arbiter, a former press secretary to the late Queen, told GB News after watching the first three episodes on Thursday: "They left because they wanted privacy. "Well, so much for privacy in this documentary because we are seeing a lot of family photographs." And another critic responding to one of the trailers was quoted saying: "They've blown their own protestations out of the water and detonated their own privacy policy." The Sussexes' global press secretary rejected the claims at the time, adding that a "distorted narrative" had been created. Ashley Hansen said in a written statement: "The Duke and Duchess have never cited privacy as the reason for stepping back. This distorted narrative was intended to trap the couple into silence. "In fact, their statement announcing their decision to step back mentions nothing of privacy and reiterates their desire to continue their roles and public duties. Any suggestion otherwise speaks to a key point of this series. "They are choosing to share their story, on their terms, and yet the tabloid media has created an entirely untrue narrative that permeates press coverage and public opinion. The facts are right in front of them."