Chris Packham, 61, has been overwhelmed by the support he's received since his BBC Two documentary, Inside Our Autistic Minds, premiered this week. However, the naturalist has been left defending himself after facing claims he's "burnt out", with Chris admitting he "doesn't understand" where it came from. Chris' new documentary showcases the stories of autistic people, helping them to create short films to reveal to their families and friends their inner struggles and experiences with the condition. The TV presenter took to Twitter to share his gratitude for the multitude of support, however, he insisted he is not feeling "burnt out". He said in view of his 587,800 followers: "The second thing I keep reading in the press is that I'm burned out. "I'm not burned out and I never said I was. I don't know where that's coming from, let's not get into that. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce "I am absolutely fine, brilliant in fact, well not brilliant." Chris felt the need to defend himself after stories circulated that he was struggling with his busy schedule. Speaking to The Mirror, he said: "I've never taken three months off work. Never. "I can barely sleep, I am so excited. I might have to ban Charlotte (his partner) from the studio. "I don't want any interference or disruption, I want to get on with it. "It will be good to clear my head and focus on something completely different." Chris also used the video to share his gratitude for the support since the release of the documentary. He said: "Our mission was to reach out to and on behalf of a community that sometimes doesn't get the help they need and to thread some of the comments you've posted has been heartening." DON'T MISS... Strictly's Nadiya Bychkova goes braless in show-stopping silk gown [PICS] Strictly's Maisie Smith and Max George slammed for ‘inappropriate' pic [COMMENT] Denise Welch blasts 'disgraceful' remarks about missing Nicola Bulley [OPINION] In the show, Chris meets BBC Radio 2 host Ken Bruce, 72, and his non-speaking autistic son Murray, 20. Chris spoke to Murray over email and became tearful during their exchange. He took off his glasses as he became emotional, and said: "I mean frankly it's enough to bring a tear to your eye, isn't it." Chris added: "I don't know whether it's because I have some form of affinity for Murray but I find that incredibly touching. "And you know, even a bit sentimental. I'm not normally sentimental about such things." Chris went public with his own Asperger's syndrome in 2016, and the following year, made the BBC documentary titled, Aspergers and Me. The Winterwatch and Springwatch host said that people with autism should be understood and not "tolerated" as he shared his fears of social media. He also admitted in the documentary that he is still "scarred" from the "horrific" bullying he faced as a child, leading him to worry about the impact of social media on this.