Monty wrote: “There are a number of pruning jobs that can be done in February if you live in the south of the UK but which can keep perfectly well into March if you live further north or you simply do not have time. Always use really sharp tools for pruning. Not only does it make life much easier but it also makes for much cleaner cuts and therefore causes less damage to the plant. Sharp tools are also much safer. “Always use a tool that is operating within its capability, so never strain. “Use loppers for stems too thick for easy cutting with secateurs and shop saw, Japanese ones are superb for anything that strains loppers.” Monty also recommended never painting over pruning wounds as this seal is potential disease. Instead, gardeners should leave them to scar over naturally. The gardening pro added: “Always cut back to something. Do not snip at random but make your cut just above a bud or a leaf or the joint of another stem.” READ MORE: Gardening expert shares how to turn leftovers into ‘fabulous’ plants One flower which needs pruning in February are roses, and there are several varieties of roses to maintain. This includes hybrid teas, shrub roses, climbing roses, tree climbers and ramblers. Monty explained: “There is a lot of mystique about rose pruning, whereas the reality is that they are all tough shrubs that can take a mauling by anything from secateurs to a flail cutter and bounce back. “However, there are three considerations to bear in mind when pruning roses.” DON'T MISS:‘Helter-skelter’ time for property market as house prices drop [COMMENT]I tried a baking soda tip to remove moisture from my home - results [PICTURES]Seven home improvements which ‘add no value’ to your home [EXPLAINER] The gardening expert said these types flower on the current season’s wood, meaning they need to be pruned hard each spring. This involves removing all weak, damaged or crossing stems first and then pruning the remaining stems to form an open bowl of stubby branches. Monty wrote: “Don’t worry too much about outward sloping cuts but do always cut just above a bud, remember to cut the weakest growth hardest.” Shrub roses need very little pruning and a once over should do the trick. READ MORE: ‘Problematic’ Japanese knotweed on the rise - hotspots Using a hedge trimmer is “very effective”, according to Monty Don. He added: “I prune mine in winter and early spring by removing exceptionally long growth, damaged or crossing branches and then leave alone. “There is a strong case for doing this in late summer or early autumn.” Climbing roses can be subdivided into two groups, including true climbers and ramblers. When it comes to true climbers, they have large flowers covering from early summer until autumn. The gardening expert explained: “These include New Dawn, Albertine and Dorothy Perkins. “These should be pruned in autumn or winter, trying to maintain a framework of long stems trained laterally with side branches breaking from them. “These side branches will carry the flowers on new growth in spring. Ideally, a third of the plant is removed each year, the oldest woodiest stems, so that it is constantly renewing itself.” Ramblers have clusters of smaller flowers just once in the middle of summer, according to Monty. They need little pruning and should be trained and trimmed immediately after they have finished flowering. This is because the flowers are carried mostly on stems grown in late summer.