Licences are valid for a decade after being issued, and anyone who continues to drive once their has expired is committing a serious offence, as their insurance will no longer be valid. This can result in £1,000 fines and even a seized vehicle. Once a driver's licence expires, all they need to do is renew it, and there are several ways to do so, the Daily Record reports. On Wednesday, the DVLA issued a fresh reminder to make sure drivers don't forget to complete the vital process which applies to both full and provisional licence holders. A tweet from their official account said: "You must renew your driving licence every 10 years. "Renew online today - it's easy, quick and secure at: http://gov.uk/renewdrivinglicence. Your licence should arrive within a week if you apply online." READ MORE: Caravan owners warned of daily charges as new Clean Air Zone launches According to the Government department's official website, there are different ways to apply for a licence if motorists are over 70. The application process is also slightly different for bus or lorry drivers and those who need to renew a short term medical licence. Those needing to renew their licence should do so in good time before it expires. The good news is that drivers can still drive while waiting for their new licence to arrive if it becomes invalid while the application is being processed. DON'T MISS Petrol and diesel-saving technique requires drivers to use eggs [INSIGHT] Motorists may choose to be 'selfish' and opt for E5 instead of E10 [REVEAL] Major hit and run driving law change regarding cats may be introduced [WARNING] For those looking to renew a licence after ten years, it can be done at a post office, by post or online. The news comes after motoring experts at LeaseCar.uk have warned that close to one million people could be at risk after failing to renew their expired driving licences. Those who continue to use their expired licences could be at risk of prosecution by the police leading to fines of up to £5,000. Recent figures from the DVLA have shown that the driving licences of more than 926,000 people in Britain needed to be updated as of September 2022. READ MORE: Clever parking method can help commuters save £1,200 a year The stats account for over two percent of British drivers, although some included in the data are suspected of having stopped driving altogether. Even though the DVLA sends warnings to motorists whose licences are due to expire a few months before, figures from the last 12 months state that 2.5 million people only renewed it after it had expired or within 56 days of the expiry date. The current DVLA rules state that licences must be updated every ten years, up until the age of 70, where it is a legal requirement to renew every three years. It is free to renew if you are over 70. Drivers are also at risk of a fine of up to £1,000 if they fail to return an expired licence under the Road Traffic Act 19.  Unfortunately, despite the threat of a huge fine, renewing our licences doesn’t seem to be a top priority for Brits. Tim Alcock, from LeaseCar.uk said: “I urge all drivers to check if their driving licence photocard is up to date to avoid these hefty fines. “It is easy to find out if yours needs renewing- the expiry date is on the front of the licence in section 4b. “Financially, times are tough for many people, so motorists must be aware of any catastrophic extra costs they could face if their cars are not road legal. “You should not be driving if your licence has expired, and I recommend renewing it two months before it expires to be safe.” 