A leaked letter from the Home Office has revealed Rishi Sunak's plans to tackle the migrant crisis with a new questionnaire. Asylum seekers will be forced to fill in a 32-page form under the policy that is expected to be announced tomorrow. But questions have been raised as to how some migrants will fill in the form, with some speaking little to no English. Those wishing to seek refuge in the UK will need to return the lengthy questionnaire within 20 working days. The leaked letter, obtained by Sky, reads: "A failure to return the questionnaire without reasonable explanation may result in an individual's asylum claim being withdrawn in line with the published policy on withdrawing asylum claims." It comes as the number of claims for asylum is expected to surpass 150,000 for the first time in more than 20 years. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said the migrant crisis is one of his top priorities, with MPs expecting him to publish laws to bar those entering the UK illegally from claiming asylum. The questionnaires will initially be sent to older asylum claims from the nations of Afghanistan, Eritrea, Libya, Syria and Yemen - countries where 90% or more of claims are granted. This will go to 12,000 claimants who applied pre-June 2022. Daniel Hobbs, the Home Office director of asylum, protection and enforcement, writes in a letter that this would "streamline" the asylum process for "claimants who are confirmed nationals of Afghanistan, Eritrea, Libya, Syria and Yemen". However, the letter warns: "Should claimants approach [organisations that help asylum seekers] for assistance, we would be very grateful if you can continue the work you do with asylum seekers in the UK by supporting them with this questionnaire.  READ MORE: Tice threatens to sue the Conservative Party over MP bribery claims  "Twenty working days will be provided for claimants to return this questionnaire. "A reminder will be sent thereafter should the questionnaire not be returned. Extensions can be requested where required. "A failure to return the questionnaire without reasonable explanation may result in an individual's asylum claim being withdrawn in line with the published policy on withdrawing asylum claim."  Some concerns have been raised that those coming to the UK from certain countries, including Afhganistan, may have limited English and will therefore struggle with filling in the responses. Others have also said those travelling around the UK might not even receive the questionnaire. DON'T MISS:Labour is about to re-shape Britain, strap yourselves in [INSIGHT]The answer Rishi Sunak could not give at PMQs is that the ERG have won [COMMENT]Starmer torn apart as he 'wants to hand EU blank cheque' [PICTURES] The Home Office says there are no further plans to roll this out to other groups. Mr Hobbs said: "Whilst we will begin to dispatch the asylum claim questionnaire to nationals of Afghanistan, Eritrea, Libya, Syria and Yemen, we may extend the use of the questionnaire as a means to gather additional information from other claimants awaiting an asylum decision in due course. "We will provide further details on this in due course." 