Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher’s previous title-winning cars are among some of F1’s best-ever-looking machines. Mercedes' radical 2020 W11 as well as Ferrari’s jaw-dropping F2002 are still remembered today alongside some blasts from the past. Express Sport takes a look at some of the best. Designed by Colin Chapman, the Lotus 72 is one of the most radically designed F1 cars in history. The layout was intentional to allow for better air penetration and higher speeds with the vehicle winning three world championships between 1970 and 1973. However, the team's most iconic model was their 1972 black and gold ‘John Player Special’ livery with fans still clamouring for merchandise at race weekends even today. Adrian Newey may be better known for orchestrating race-winning machines at McLaren, Williams and Red Bull. However, he started out at March in 1988 before the team was branded Leyton House in 1990. Despite its lack of success on track, the gorgeous aquamarine blue made it one of the most memorable machines of the 1990s. READ MORE: Schumacher tipped to replace Hamilton with favour from Russell Michael Schumacher’s F1 debut came in controversial circumstances at the 1991 Belgian Grand Prix. The promising German filled in for Bertrand Gachot at Spa after the F1 driver was jailed for two months. As well as impressing on his debut, the future world champion also had the pleasure of driving one of F1’s most striking cars. After losing the backing of F3000 partner Camel, team boss Eddie Jordan instead did a deal with Pepsico to use the 7up logo on the cars. The bright green and blue colour scheme was among the brightest on track but the sponsorship only lasted for two seasons. DON'T MISSMichael Schumacher and Lewis Hamilton had near identical routes to F1 [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton has key advantage over 'dirty' Schumacher and Senna [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton has doubts over Mick Schumacher relationship [COMMENT] The Scuderia dominated F1 in the early noughties with Schumacher romping to five consecutive world titles. However, the Prancing Horse’s most dominant season came in 2002 when the Italian marque obliterated the opposition with 15 wins from 19 races. Ferrari's 2002 model was visually one of their best-ever with the bright red design piercing eyeballs trackside and at home. The team’s three most memorable sponsors of the last 20 years, Vodafone, Marlboro and Shell, were all included in the design for the first time. The Silver Arrows ripped out the rulebook ahead of F1’s post-coronavirus return. The German marque ditched their traditional silver paint scheme used since the 1950s in favour of an all-black design. Lewis Hamilton had pushed for the team to change the design as a way to campaign against racism. The Mercedes star recently told the Jay Shetty podcast: “We changed the car from silver to black in 2020. “Again, I said to them, ‘The car’s been silver forever. It’s always been Silver Arrows. Imagine if we change the car to black? Imagine the message we can send. So we had the black car for the whole year and we didn’t even really talk much about it, we just let it be.”