The state pension age is currently 66 for both men and women with plans in place for this to increase gradually to 67 by 2028 and then to 68 between 2044 and 2046. The Government is set to publish a review into the state pension age this year with many analysts predicting ministers will bring forward the increase. Conservative MP Nigel Mills opened a debate about the issue in the House of Commons. He urged the Government to make sure Britons receive 10 years’ notice of any change to the state pension age. He said: “Increases in the state pension age should always come with 10 years’ notice, so we should never give people less than 10 years to have to change their retirement plans. Perhaps the Minister will confirm that there will be at least 10 years’ notice. “Furthermore, we should make one of these changes only every 10 years; we should not be making multiple changes. “Had the Cridland review been handled differently, we could have had the increase to 66 from 2011, the increase to 67 in 2014, and then the move to 68 a few years after that. That would have been far too much change too quickly for people to handle.” READ MORE: Warning to lock in fixed rate mortgage as interest rates likely to continue to rise Work and Pensions minister, Laura Trott, said it is current UK Government policy, following the Cridland review in 2017, to bring the increase from 67 to 68 forward, with the rise taking place between 2037 and 2039. She added: “That is the baseline. We’re required under law to review this every six years and that is what is being undertaken currently.” SNP MP Patricia Gibson challenged plans to bring forward the state pension age increase as life expectancy in Scotland has fallen for the past two years. Mr Mills said: “If we accept that we should stick to the principle that we get roughly a third of our adult life in retirement, the reason why we would increase the state pension age is that we have seen a three-year increase in life expectancy, and that should give us two more years on the state pension age. DON'T MISS: Lloyds Bank customers can get 5.25% interest rate with limited account [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Mortgage expert issues key tips to help 'stave off' interest rate rise [EXPLAINED] “So for every 12 months life expectancy goes up, people should effectively get four months of that in retirement and expect to work for eight months of it.” On the question of life expectancy, Ms Trott said: “The most recent ONS projections have a slower rate of improvement in life expectancy than those that informed the Pensions Act 2014 and 2017. “Nevertheless, despite the slower improvement rate, ONS projections continue to show an increasing life expectancy over time and the number of people over state pension age is expected to continue to rise.” The second review of the state pension age by the UK Government is set to be published before the deadline on May 7, 2023. READ MORE: New savings account paying 'top rate' 3.03 percent interest rate SNP MP Patricia Gibson challenged plans to bring forward the state pension age increase as life expectancy in Scotland has fallen for the past two years. Mr Mills said: “If we accept that we should stick to the principle that we get roughly a third of our adult life in retirement, the reason why we would increase the State Pension age is that we have seen a three-year increase in life expectancy, and that should give us two more years on the State Pension age. “So for every 12 months life expectancy goes up, people should effectively get four months of that in retirement and expect to work for eight months of it.” The full basic state pension is currently £141.85 a week and £185.15 a week for the full new state pension. Some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. The state pension is increasing by 10.1 percent this April, with the full basic state pension going up to £156.20 a week while the full new state pension increases to £203.85 a week. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced the triple lock policy would be reinstated in the Autumn Statement. The policy ensures the state pension increases each year in line with the highest of 2.5 percent, the rise in average earnings or the rate of inflation. State pension payments are paid every four weeks in arrears and a person has to apply to receive their pension as they approach state pension age, or after they have reached the age.