Interior design trends are forever changing, but as well as welcoming new features, style is often cyclical. Brie Turton is an interior designer who shares home decor tips, advice and insights on her TikTok page @studiobrie. She claims that a trend which first came into fashion 100 years ago is set to make a comeback, although not everyone is happy about it. Brie shared a video detailing the "interior design trends we'll be seeing a lot of in 2023" on her TikTok page, which has amassed almost 3,000 "likes". She explained: "I think [this] is the most controversial, you either love it or you hate it and that is glass brick. Glass brick or glass block, whatever you call it, was originally popular around the 1920s to the 40s and it's coming back in a big way now." As the name suggests, glass brick is an architectural element made from glass. The appearance of glass bricks can vary in colour, size and texture, and can be incorporated architecturally or inside of the home as a division or decorative feature. READ MORE: Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out The design feature already had a bit of a resurgence in the 1980s, with many incorporating bricks into windows, shower cubicles, kitchens and even within furniture items. "It's a really great way to create an entire wall of natural light whilst you're maintaining some privacy," explained Brie. "This one's a little bit harder to bring into your home unless you are renovating but I do think we will see some glass block-inspired furniture starting to filter through next year." Brie added: "I think they are very cool when done well." DON'T MISS‘Outdated’ kitchen features to 'avoid' or risk devaluing your home [INTERVIEW]‘Fluff up’ hard towels in the washing machine using common £1 staple [COMMENT]Exact date you should start mowing your lawn after winter [INSIGHT] One of the most classic examples of glass brick being used to let natural light in via a unique architectural feature is the facade of Maison de Verre, a glass-walled building which opened in Paris in 1932. In furniture, designers have been inspired to place glass bricks into bars, to make up the base of couches, coffee tables and breakfast counters. As well as being used to allow more light to shine through the home, glass bricks can also be incorporated into your outdoor space too. Sections of glass block pavers or bricks can be used to visually break up dark decking material and make the space seem lighter, or you can use them to build a wall which can break up parts of your garden.  However, while the trend can be utilised in many ways, not everyone is a fan of it. In the comments section of Brie's video, TikTok users shared their opinions on her interior trend predictions. "Nooooo glass bricks," said a user named Johanna. Another named Stephanie added: "I was about to say this! My friend's parents weirdly put it in their 2005 build and it was dated then. Maybe they're ahead of the trend." Another commenter said: "Definite no on the glass brick." However, some people were excited by the prospect. Gigi said: "Glass brick is so 80s Miami Vice. I love it." An anonymous commenter added: "I never would have picked the glass brick but I think you are spot on."