WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from the Outlander novels and potential future Outlander spoilers The Droughtlander will be coming to an end later this year with the premiere of season seven of Outlander. The extended series will consist of 16 episodes and make it the longest outing to date. Season seven will see the arrival of a grown-up William Ransom (played by Charles Vandervaart), who is anticipated to have a big role to play in the forthcoming outing. Some of the big questions fans have about William is whether he’s aware Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) is his real father. Also, there are question marks over whether he knows Brianna MacKenzie (Sophie Skelton) is his half-sister. An Echo in the Bone seems to shed some light on this with William and Brianna briefly encountering each other at the start of the novel. He is drawn to Brianna while his fellow soldier friends make course remarks about her while she and Roger (Richard Rankin) are in Wilmington on their way to travel back to the future. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation William’s feelings for Brianna seem mixed with an attraction to her and wanting to be in her presence. In the books, Brianna and William first met in A Breath of Snow and Ashes with the 20th century time traveller aware he was her brother. Jamie surveyed the scene from a distance with Lord John Grey (David Berry) by his side seeing how moved the Highlander was at the sight of his two children interacting. Although Brianna knows she has a brother with the TV show featuring a tender scene in which Jamie told his daughter about the existence of William, the same can’t be said for his son. William can never know the truth about his paternity because it would be his ruin and mean he wasn’t the true Earl of Ellesmere. If anyone were to find out, William would lose his land and titles forever. Given William is an honourable man like his biological father and surrogate father, he may even give up everything if he learnt the truth. Nonetheless, William later learns more about Jamie when the two men encounter each other again in An Echo in the Bone. In fact, William even sees a resemblance between himself and Jamie which leads him to suspect the identity of his real father. During the touching scene when Jamie revealed to Brianna the truth about William’s existence in the TV series, he told her: “I wanted you to ken there was more of your blood in the world than me and your mother. “Or maybe you could look for him in books. I mean, he’d been an earl. Might be easy to find.” Jamie has always wanted to be a father and with Brianna returning to the past and William arriving in America from England, he has a chance to be near his children. DON'T MISS...Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB [VIDEO]Emmerdale couple ripped apart as beloved star quits [THEORY]Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star [INSIGHT] He described having Brianna in his life as making him “whole” and the same is likely to be true of William even if he can’t say it. By the eighth novel Written in My Own Heart’s Blood, William is in no doubt of his true parentage, i.e. Jamie is his father. This means he would also know the truth about Brianna being his sister and the revelation leaves him suffering an identity crisis and reconsidering his land and titles. Whether season seven will address and include this revelation early remains to be seen. Either way, season seven will be delving further into the dynamics of Jamie and his children. Outlander season 7 will air later this year and seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on Lionsgate+ now