Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis has said he thinks it's likely the energy price guarantee will not be raised in April. The Government subsidy means typical households currently pay £2,500 a year for energy bills, but this is expected to rise to £3,000 from April. Mr Lewis told LBC’s Tonight with Andrew Marr last night: “Reading the runes, and I’m careful with my phrasing here, I think we may get a win here. I think there’s a better than 50/50 chance of it not going up.” The consumer advocate has been pushing for the Government not to increase the cap as energy bills are set to fall below the guarantee cap from July this year. He has warned the prospect of another energy bills hike, potentially lasting for just a few months, will cause needless distress for struggling Britons. He said: “The prediction is from July the price cap will drop below the price guarantee so we’ll start to see prices drop. READ MORE: Switching from variable to fixed rate tariff ‘not worth it’ despite energy bills hike “That was the reason I wrote to the Chancellor three weeks ago, now supported by 85 charities.” Mr Lewis urged ministers: “Don’t do it! Protect people from getting the letters, protect people from inflation going up, it is a national act of mental health harm.” He said consumers need to know now if the policy is changing and the decision could not wait until the next Budget, on March 15. The savings expert explained: “If you leave it to the Budget, energy companies are obligated to write to people saying that their bills are going up 20 percent.”   Cornwall Insight is predicting the Ofgem price cap, which limits the unit price energy suppliers can charge, will continue to reduce this year, with average bills of £2,153 a year from July and then reducing further to £2,161 from October. The Ofgem price cap is reducing to £3,280 from April 1, meaning the Government will pay on average £280 a year for each typical household under the guarantee, if the cap increases. Britons face rising costs from April for several other household bills with water bills set to increase. Council tax is going up by five percent in many parts of England while mobile and broadband bills are also increasing by 15 percent in April. READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment - new details released More Government support is on the way in the new tax year with people on certain means-tested benefits to get a £900 cost of living payment. The money will be paid in three instalments of around £300 with the first amount to be paid in Spring 2023. Those on disability benefits are to get a £150 payment while pensioners will receive a £300 payment. All households in England, Scotland and Wales with a domestic energy supply have received a £400 discount off their energy bills over the past six months.  The money has been paid in six instalments, with the final £67 instalment going out in March. People in Northern Ireland received the £400 payment as part of a £600 lump sum payment, with most people getting the payment in January and February this year. Many Britons on low incomes will get an income boost from April when many benefits increase by 10.1 percent, including Universal Credit. The state pension is also increasing by 10.1 percent, with the full basic state pension increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week. Those on the full new state pension will see their payments go up from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week.