According to new research from Independent Cottages, there’s one English Heritage city that more visitors are keen to visit than any other. In each of the cities, tourists will be able to uncover a unique period of British history. READ MORE: Millions of Britons may avoid Spain holidays if tourist tax is imposed A spokesperson from Independent Cottages said: “Coming in at number one, the Roman-origin city of Bath is the most popular heritage destination in England amongst travellers. “Founded in the first century AD, the UNESCO World Heritage Centre is located in the Southwest of England and showcases some of the country’s most fantastic Roman and Georgian architecture.” Bath has always been thought of as one of the world’s leading wellness destinations and tourists can visit the original Roman thermal baths, although they won’t be able to take a dip. If tourists fancy a spa trip after seeing the baths, the city’s Thermae Bath Spa benefits from the same mineral-rich water. York took second place on the list and is known for its Viking past, medieval and gothic architecture and a labyrinth of cobblestone streets. The spokesperson said: “The city has gained a reputation as being the most haunted city in Europe. “Along the Shambles and surroundings, you’ll find sights detailing York’s dark past and shops selling ghoulish and metaphysical items linked to the city’s hauntings and history.” The most haunted place in York is thought to be York Castle Museum or the city’s Gothic Cathedral, York Minster. READ MORE: Britain’s ‘answer to the Galapagos’ is ‘stress-free’ Cambridge, home to perhaps one of the world’s most prestigious universities, rounded off the top three. The spokesperson said: “One of the best ways to discover the wealth of beautiful and historic architecture in the city and learn of its deep-rooted history is during a punting tour along the River Cam, the city’s main river system.” Oxford, another of England’s university cities, took the fourth spot on the list and has an incredible number of libraries to explore. The spokesperson said: “The city has even been coined as the ‘city of dreaming spires’, a nickname created by the Victorian poet Matthew Arnold, which brought Oxford’s gothic architectural spires to light. “The Bodleian Library is one of the unmissable sights to visit whilst in Oxford. One of the city’s most popular landmarks, it is one of the oldest libraries in Europe and the second largest in Britain after the British Library in London.” Lincoln took fifth place on the list and the city’s fascinating history can be traced back as far as 300 BC. The East Midlands city is known for Lincoln Cathedral which showcases Gothic and English Gothic architecture. Lincoln Castle also houses one of the original Magna Cartas, which visitors can see on a trip to the monument.