Jake Paul has long been hailed for his one-punch knockout power. Devastating stoppage victories over Ben Askren, Tyron Woodley and Nate Robinson have cemented him as one of the hardest hitters in the influencer boxing sphere. Only last week one unfortunate content creator, Preston Lopez, found that out the hard way when he took a shot to the stomach from The Problem Child that made him soil his pants. Tommy Fury, meanwhile, has never been noted for his whack. However, ex-Commonwealth light heavyweight champion Lyndon Arthur, who sparred TNT when he was starting out as a professional, claims that Fury is the ‘hardest puncher’ he has been hit by and carries ‘strange power’. “This was years ago so he’s probably a completely different human being from five, six years ago or whenever it was. He’s good, I tell you what he’s probably the hardest person I’ve been punched of,” Arthur told BBTV Boxing. “He was [heavy-handed] back then and I don’t think much has changed. “But back then he was definitely one of the hardest I’ve been hit by doing technique. You know when you block the punches and you feel it on your arms, strange power, strange power.” Arthur’s revelation comes days after Paul embarrassed Lopez with a gut-wrenching blow caught on camera. He and Lopez had a wager on the TCU vs Georgia college American football match, which was won by Georgia 65 – 7. Lopez had agreed to take a punch from Paul if TCU were beaten and stuck true to his word. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua sent major warning as Hearn doesn't mince words ahead of return Eubank Jr promoter tells fans to 'go to Specsavers' if can't see elbow Paul loses it with reporter after Fury question in heated interview As the sickening shot landed, Lopez hit the deck and shouted out: “Oh yeah, I pooped a little bit," Paul, stunned by what he had heard, asked: “Did you actually s*** yourself?" Lopez replied: “It feels a little wet," as Paul ushered him towards the bathroom. “This kid is out of his mind, bro, but I respect it, he showed up and took it,” Paul joked. Fury and Paul are set to square off on February 26 in Saudi Arabia following two failed attempts to make their grudge match happen. The Brit pulled out of their first fight date in December 2021 after suffering a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, their bout agreement was terminated due to Fury being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was scheduled to take place. If the same is to happen again then UFC veteran Mike Perry is on standby for the fight.    As the sickening shot landed, Lopez hit the deck and shouted out: “Oh yeah, I pooped a little bit," Paul, stunned by what he had heard, asked: “Did you actually s*** yourself?" Lopez replied: “It feels a little wet," as Paul ushered him towards the bathroom. “This kid is out of his mind, bro, but I respect it, he showed up and took it,” Paul joked. Fury and Paul are set to square off on February 26 in Saudi Arabia following two failed attempts to make their grudge match happen. The Brit pulled out of their first fight date in December 2021 after suffering a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, their bout agreement was terminated due to Fury being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was scheduled to take place. If the same is to happen again then UFC veteran Mike Perry is on standby for the fight.   