Donald Trump’s “connection” with King Charles could prove “beneficial” as the UK tries to negotiate a post-Brexit trade deal with the US, a former White House aide has claimed. Mick Mulvaney, 55, who served as the 45th President’s chief of staff from January 2019 to March 2020, also highlighted Trump and Charles' supposed shared interests.   He told Express.co.uk: "President Trump had a connection, especially with King Charles, who was at the time the Prince of Wales, that I think were Trump to return to the White House might be beneficial. "President Trump works off of personal relationships, it’s what drives a lot of his agenda, and it certainly wouldn't hurt that he and the then-Prince seemed to get along fairly well. "Keep in mind that they have a lot of the same interests. Trump is a lot more interested in the environment than people give him credit for. He is interested, very much so, in architecture and I know those are two things that are very important to the King.” Trump, 76, officially launched his third successive election bid last November after the Republican Party’s lacklustre midterm election campaign. JUST IN: Prince Harry's behaviour 'unbecoming of a born royal' as Sussexes eye up UK return  A trade deal with the US has been considered a massive benefit of severing ties with the European Union, with ex-UKIP MP Douglas Carswell claiming negotiations would be “relatively straightforward”. But little progress has been made in recent years, with Joe Biden’s administration voicing concern about the UK Government’s response to the Northern Ireland Protocol. Number 10 later decided to start negotiations with individual states, including with Indiana and North Carolina, as ex-Prime Minister Liz Truss conceded an agreement with the US was unlikely in the “short to medium term”. A separate agreement was signed in December 2020 which rolled over trading terms from previous US-EU agreements. DON'T MISSChina warns US 'fanning flames' of Ukraine war [LATEST]Hundreds of teens ruin family's home [REPORT]Trump blasts DeSantis in late-night tirade [INSIGHT] A Tory MP "welcomed any move" to secure a transatlantic trade deal. The Brexit-backing Conservative told Express.co.uk: "Securing a trade deal with the United States - our strongest ally in the world - is in both countries interests and will bring huge economic benefits." Total trade in goods and services between the UK and US hit £262.7billion in the four quarters to the end of 2022’s third quarter, accounting for 16 percent of total British trade and making the US the UK’s third largest trading partner. But unlike his successor Biden, Trump welcomed the UK’s decision to leave the EU and suggested he could sign a “fantastic” Anglo-American accord. Despite claiming his former boss was more likely than Biden to sign a free trade agreement, Mulvaney expressed some reservations about the possibility of an Anglo-American accord being passed. “I think a lot of the point is moot as I don’t think Trump is going to win the election,” he said. Opinion polls suggest Trump will likely win the Republican primary race, with a recent Big Village survey handing the former POTUS a 27-point lead over nearest challenger DeSantis. However, whether Trump can defeat Biden remains in doubt. A Harris Poll survey suggested Trump has a lead of five percent over Biden but a separate Quinnipiac University’s poll indicated that the 46th POTUS would still win the popular vote. Express.co.uk has approached Buckingham Palace and the 2024 Trump campaign for comment. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews