Liverpool could welcome Diogo Jota back into the starting lineup during Monday’s Merseyside derby against Everton however the game is likely to be slightly too early for Virgil van Dijk and Roberto Firmino. The Portugal international has been missing from the side since picking up a calf injury against Manchester City in October but is now back in contention. Jota has been a key player for Liverpool since his arrival from Wolves in 2020 scoring 34 goals in 93 appearances. His versatility has been a fantastic asset for Jurgen Klopp with the 26-year-old comfortable in any position across the frontline. He has missed the last 22 games with injury after being stretchered off in the final minutes of Liverpool’s 1-0 win over City in October with a calf issue. However, he has since returned to full training and is in contention to start against city rivals Everton in the Merseyside Derby on Monday. He has been joined by Van Dijk and Firmino on the sidelines in recent weeks but the encounter at Anfield is likely to come too early for the pair who may have settle for a place on the bench instead. Juventus loanee Arthur is also close to returning to fitness but Thiago Alcantara is likely to miss out completely with a hip issue. JUST IN: NBA's LeBron James farce is a real danger to the Premier League “The players are back in training in different stages,” Klopp explained in his press conference. “Diogo (Jota) is the closest, trains now already for two days. Another three days of training and then he is in contention for the squad – I would say. “Bobby (Roberto Firmino), next one but I don’t know. We will have to see how he deals with training intensity. Arthur similar. We have to see. Virgil (Van Dijk), I don’t think is that close, but we will work on that. Thiago has some problems with his hip flexor stuff like this, so he was not able to train.”  Klopp believes he will see a reaction from his players following the abject 3-0 defeat to relegation strugglers Wolves last weekend with his players impressing him in training. “All the signs are there, but when I say that, I know people at home will say ‘yeah, but show it on Monday.’ We say the exact same – show it on Monday. “But training, so far, has been really good. Aggression is there. Determination is there. Concentration is there. Focus is there. Intensity is there. So far, a really good week.” The Merseyside Derby gets underway at 8pm on Monday night with the game broadcast live on Sky Sports.