Millions of fans are itching for the dark adventures of Wednesday Addams (played by Jenna Ortega) to continue after The Addams Family’s triumphant return to screens scared up millions of fans for Netflix last year. Helmed by mastermind director Tim Burton, supporting cast member Joy Sunday has recalled her nerve-wracking audition process to land the role of Bianca Barclay. The actress admitted she was “shaking” on a Zoom audition before she was cast in Netflix’s latest hit drama. While she couldn’t have known just how successful the series would be, signing up to work with Burton and some of the best creatives in the business was an exciting yet daunting prospect. “I’ve auditioned for this kind of character multiple times, actually,” she said. “I’m always some sort of witchy, enchanting person. “So the fact it came in the form of Tim Burton’s Netflix and TV debut was wild.” READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ Sunday revealed it took just a whirlwind two weeks of auditions for most of the cast to be signed on, in stark contrast to most actors’ careers. “It did for everyone else, but they were down to the wire with Bianca,” she revealed on Reign with Josh Smith. “What happened was my manager sent me a very long voice memo the night previous to me actually working the audition. “It was basically like a spy assignment. She didn’t tell me what the project was.” When she finally discovered what she had signed up for, Burton’s wasn’t the only name which made her realise just how big of an undertaking Wednesday would be. “I finally got the email - Tim Burton, Netflix, Wednesday, or whatever the codename was,” she remembered. “Then I saw the casting director, and that’s who got me really excited. I was like, ‘there’s no way I’m going to end up on Tim Burton’s show, but yay, John Papsidera!'” Papsidera has worked with major directors like Christopher Nolan, James Gunn and Roland Emmerich, so Sunday knew the audition process would at least be a foot in the door for her career. DON'T MISS:Squid Game reality show faces health and safety review [LATEST]Chicago Fire star lands Netflix role opposite Marvel hero [NEWS]The Flash boss shares real reason for Danielle Panabaker return [INSIGHT] Although Sunday already has several years as a working actor under her belt, putting herself forward for such a high-profile project was still a nerve-wracking experience. “The audition, I tried really, really hard to make sure it was perfect,” she recalled. “And it worked out!” She later elaborated: “When I was testing for the role of Bianca I was on Zoom. “I knew I had to just maintain stillness from up here, but down here everything was just shaking, like somebody had electrocuted me.” Despite her nerves, Sunday ultimately found the experience helpful as she was able to tap into how she was feeling to develop her portrayal of the character. “So, I think that steeliness, Bianca brought that on to me, honestly,” she explained. “Being in the mindset of Bianca, I knew I had to forge ahead in confidence. I knew that she had an act to keep up. “So, in a way, [being nervous] made slipping into that suit a little easier for me, because I knew she had something to hide and this persona was a guard for her.” Bianca is hoped to return for more mysteries in Wednesday season two, although the Addams’ physic daughter already has her own problems to deal with over the summer break. Wednesday season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.