Stacey Solomon set out to help the Fall family - mum Julia, dad Dan and their two children, nine-year-old Noah and four-year-old Rachel - moved into their current home four years ago, and their clutter had been spiralling out of control ever since. With the Loose Women panellist's help, she sorted through their belongings and began to declutter their space. Stacey helps them sort through all their stuff and relinquish the things they no longer need and with her help, the family pack all their possessions into boxes. It turned out that the Fall family owned 2,137 toys, 452 books, 13 guitars, 61 mugs and 1,274 tools. Dan, who lives with ADHD, also struggled to let go of his guitars and tools. But viewers were unimpressed after the family's pet rabbits were moved into hutches outside in the garden after previously living in their large conservatory. Angry viewers of BBC One's Sort Your Life Out have accused the reality show of rabbit cruelty. READ MORE: Birds of a Feather's Lesley Joseph on Pauline Quirke not being on TV Taking to Twitter following Wednesday night's episode, Beth tweeted: "Love love @StaceySolomon but so disappointed that Sort Your Life Out has shown rabbits being moved from a nice spacious indoor run to a cramped outdoor hutch, hutches are absolutely not enough #SYLO." Rayanne commented: "Enjoyed this tonight until the rabbits were kicked into the garden. That hutch is too small for anything other than a bolt hole! There's enough bad rabbit rearing without this encouragement #SortYourLifeOut." Lynne remarked: "Made the mistake of watching the end of #SortYourLifeOut. Poor rabbits got kicked out of the conservatory into a crappy, tiny, non-weatherproofed hutch outside! Completely unsuitable & irresponsible." Lisa said: "That hutch is way too small for those rabbits and where is the run @StaceySolomon #SortYourLifeOut @RabbitRWAF."  Theresa shared: "Absolutely disgusted by sort your life out, moving the bunnies outside into completely unacceptable accommodation. Sets the wrong message. @RabbitRWAF @RSPCA_official @bbc #SortYourLifeOut." Rabbit Welfare Association Fund (RWAF) have recently launched their Hut is Not Enough Petition where they are campaigning to stop families from keeping their rabbits in hutches. Their website states: "Hundreds of thousands of pet rabbits are suffering. This is because commercially sold rabbit hutches spread the idea that hutches are sufficient housing for pet rabbits. "They are not. Hutches are too small and can lead to the development of depression and physical deformities. DON'T MISS... Anne Hegerty admits struggle to film The Chase due to Bradley Walsh[LATEST]Carol Kirkwood wows in LBD as she reunites with ex co-star Dan Walker[BBC]Amanda Holden strips down to lingerie in ageless Valentine's Day shoot[PICTURES] "To end this suffering, the sale of rabbit hutches needs to stop. Will you help us? Please sign and share our petition to bring an end to this torture many rabbits must call ‘home’. " Express.co.uk has contacted Stacey Solomon and BBC representatives for comment. During the emotional episode, the family discovered that they had discarded “nearly £2000” worth of cash in their cluttered home. Professional organiser Dilly Carter delivered the shocking news to the couple before giving their own money back to them. “There’s nearly £2000 of your money that we found in your house,” she announced before describing how the money was made up of “cash and cheques that were never banked”. A teary Dan replied: “Like, £200 is a lot for us so two grand… I know it’s costing us emotionally but it’s actually physically costing us. It’s silly.” He then apologised to Dilly, who herself was crying and said: “Look, you’re here. This is a positive change.” Sort Your Life Out with Stacey Solomon airs Wednesday on BBC One at 9pm.