Heat, humidity and moisture can accelerate tarnishing in stainless steel cutlery. Tarnishing is stainless steel corrosion which can be caused by chlorides, sulphuric acid, hydrochloric acid, contact with iron, contact with carbon steel and high temperatures. There are more than 150 grades of stainless steel and some are more prone to corroding than others. Really strong and abrasive chemicals can strip stainless steel of its protective oxide layer. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for cleaning tarnished cutlery. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. READ MORE: Easiest methods to remove 'baked-on residue' from oven glass and racks On one such group, Facebook user Linda Ryan posted: “Any tips on how to remove tarnish and discolouration from stainless steel cutlery gratefully received. Already tried bicarbonate of soda, vinegar and dish soap.” The post was inundated with responses but the most popular hack was to put tinfoil either in the dishwasher or by itself. Louise De Luca said: “I haven’t tried [it] but one site said you roll aluminium foil into a ball and put it into the dishwasher. Going to try it myself as my cutlery comes out like this.” Bridgette Schofield replied: “Tin foil. I’ve rubbed my knives with this and it works a treat.” DON'T MISS10 kitchen updates to ‘boost the appeal and value’ of your home [INSIGHT]Five common mistakes to ‘avoid’ to prevent ‘killing’ your peace lily [UPDATE]Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required [ANALYSIS] Helen O Leary Caverley suggested: “Seen a hack - make a little ball of aluminium foil and put it in the dishwasher on a wash.” Sharon Lynch wrote: “Tin foil sorted mine.” Tracey Purdy agreed and posted: “Screw up tin foil into a ball and put it in your dishwasher cutlery rack alongside your cutlery.” Vivienne Clements suggested: “Put a ball of tin foil in the cutlery basket in your dishwasher.” Niamh Trainor said: “Tin foil crumpled into a ball and put it in with the cutlery in your dishwasher.” READ MORE: Clean shower door with 30p tip that 'cuts through limescale' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Most homes have kitchen foil, but those who don’t can buy it from local supermarkets or online. JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda Wrapping Foil costs £1. Morrisons Kitchen Foil costs £1.69 for 10m. Tesco Strong Kitchen Foil costs £2.40, Dunelm Silver Small Kitchen Foil costs £1.50 and Sainsbury's Kitchen Foil costs £1.50. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using bleach, dishwasher tablets, toothpaste, soda crystals, Barkeepers Friend and lemons. Donna Mahon said: “Bleach in hot water for five minutes, rinse thoroughly in cold water, comes up like new.” Deborah Ann Chick replied: “Soak them in hot water with a dishwasher tablet. My cutlery came up really shiny, and all the watermarks were removed.” Angie Spurgeon posted: “Try toothpaste, I have a silver letter opener that goes like that so I use toothpaste and a small brush rubbing it and always sparkling new again.” Gail Inthevale wrote: “Try putting soda crystals into a dish lined with aluminium foil, pour in hot water and submerge cutlery to soak.” Barbara Lee replied: “Barkeepers Friend.” Diane Tilley commented: “Real lemons.” Michele Bogan said: “Salt, lemon, hot water let sit for three to four hours, then rinse and dry.”