A former actor accused of running a sex cult was arrested on Tuesday. Nathan Chasing Horse is being accused of prostituting young Indigenous girls for around two decades by offering them for sex with other men who allegedly paid him. The former 'Dances With Wolves' actor, whose full name is Nathan Lee Chasing His Horse, was taken into custody by Las Vegas police on Tuesday, where he reportedly lives with his five wives. According to the arrest warrant, the 46-year-old is accused of leading a cult called 'The Circle' and has been charged with sex trafficking, sexual assault of a child under 16, and child abuse. Chasing Horse is known for his role as Smiles, a young Sioux tribe member, in the Kevin Costner film Dances With Wolves in 1990. Police arrested the former actor after they launched an investigation following a tip-off they received in October. A 50-page warrant obtained by the Associated Press showed that Chasing Horse has allegedly abused at least six victims - some of the accusations date back to the early 2000s. He is a member of the Sicangu Sioux tribe and those who followed him believe he was a "medicine man" and "holy person", according to the warrant, which he used as a "tool to sexually assault young girls on numerous occasions." The parents of some of his cult followers offered their young daughters to Chasing Horse as wives with one as young as 15 offered as a “gift” to him. Another young girl married him when she turned 16. READ MORE: Park attack leaves dog fighting for life and owner severely injured Corena Leone, a Native American woman, made several claims against the actor last year before his arrest, alleging that he had abused her from the age of 14. The young woman said she called Chasing Horse and other men "grandfather" – with the actor telling her she had to "give up" her virginity to help her mother. Chasing Horse claimed he was treating her mother's cancer. In a Facebook video posted in September, Corena said: "At the time I didn't recognize what happened for what it was. And I was proud to help my mum. And I didn't expect it to happen again I thought it was a one time thing. "But it just kept happening. On the road with just him and his helpers. And at first he would get a room for his helpers and one for us with two beds.    "And either he would sneak into my bed or he would make me go to his and the rape continued." Chasing Horse was reportedly banished from the Fort Peck Reservation in Poplar, Montana, in 2015 amid allegations of human trafficking, the warrant reports. The youngest of his alleged victims was just 13 years old. The 46-year-old former actor also allegedly filmed his sexual assaults on victims, the warrant states. This aligns with Corena's claims in her video that he "recorded himself" when he abused her. The former actor has been taken into custody on a $45,000 (£36,350) bail and is set to appear in court.