Two 15-year-old boys have died after willingly taking drugs in fatal doses in a public garden. Toxicologists have determined the deaths, which occurred in the Parisian suburb of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, were a suicide - but an investigation is underway to reveal the exact circumstances. The two boys had known each other for some time and had attended the same school - the Collège Claude Debussy, according to French outlet L'Est-Eclair. They had both been reported missing: one on Monday evening, and the other had left his home in Yvelines on Tuesday morning. On Wednesday, February 1, at around 9.30am, apprentices at the Agro-Campus school discovered their bodies as they were about to prune tree branches in a wooded area along the Route Des Princesses. It is believed that they had run away from home, and their parents had not heard from them since. Police were in the process of finding them when the bodies were found. A source told Le Parisien: “According to the first findings on the spot, there was no intervention by a third party.” Another added: “We’re thinking of suicide.” Autopsies of the bodies have already started, while investigators try to retrace the path of the teenagers. They are also working to establish how they were able to obtain the drugs, which are only available on prescription. They had no visible physical injuries when their bodies were found. No weapons were found, and the boys did not leave a message. In the evening, Arnaud Pericard, the mayor of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, shared “his deep emotion” on behalf of himself and his city on social media. READ MORE: Parents on high alert after men 'tried to kidnap' two boys [REVEAL] He wrote: “I join in the grief of the families and friends of the two teenagers found dead this morning near the Route des Princesses.” The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org. DON'T MISS: Dog tore chunk out of woman’s arm in savage attack after car accident [REVEAL]Gang member pocket-dialled 999 while blowing up ATM [INSIGHT]Teen saved by heroic bystanders after attacker dragged her down alley [ANALYSIS] 