Body language expert Dr Louise Mahler appeared on the American TV show The Morning Show, to analyse some key moments in Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's Netflix documentary, and claimed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are "different" people when they are apart. Dr Louise explained that Harry is "somebody who obviously has a low self-esteem, as he constantly talks about being a ginger the whole time, as if that was a problem". The expert pointed out that he also talks about "his heartbreak" a lot and you hear to this day that "his voice breaks". "He is a heartbroken man, affected dramatically by his mother's death," the body language guru opined. Meghan, on the other side, "constantly talks about freedom 'I must be free, free, free' or 'Oh look there's my favourite song about freedom'. READ MORE: Bra fitter's method to find your 'perfect' bra size  "Then they keep dropping that word in a lot. So she accentuates that freedom is her core value and he is a very heartbroken sad man," Dr Louise commented. Talking about Meghan not having a clue about the Royal Family, the press or the protocol when she met Harry, the body language expert said that there were people who could have helped her. "I understand that they get very little guidance in what they do but when Meghan actually says 'There is no course that shows you how to use a fork' actually yes, there is. "There are a lot of people who can help you in that area and she should have got the help," she opined. "She didn't get that guidance and we see that very clearly, so in the second episode when it's all about her as a child, it was delightful. "She was a gorgeous young woman with great prospects, and then we see in the engagement photo, that changes." The body language expert suggested that when their relationship became public, there was a change which could be observed in Meghan's gestures. "Her smile becomes teeth, her eyes dead, her arms lock into her body and she began doing this weird gesture where she pushes her hair back which is useless, what a useless gesture!" she opined. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' In the Netflix documentary, there were very candid photos and videos that people hadn't seen before but the expert claimed that were "very staged". "They are not candid photos, they are staged photos. Everything they do is staged!" the expert said. Talking about the videos that show Meghan playing the guitar with her dogs, she commented: "I don't know about you but I thought about bringing in a guitar and just whipping up a quick song. "You know, we all play the guitar when we are 16 but when was the last time you whipped out your guitar and played a song to the dogs?" she joked. Dr Louise also talked about the "awkward" and very "uncomfortable" moment when Meghan tried to recreate a curtsy. She said: "The whole story about the curtsy was disrespectful. If you went to a different country with a different culture, say Japan, and they said you had to bow, you would not make fun of that bow. "You would see it as a creative opportunity, you wouldn't suddenly talk about 'Oh in medieval times etc'. "I think he was definitely embarrassed at that moment and this was one of the few moments he was embarrassed, and I think he should be embarrassed a lot more," the body language expert claimed.