The second series of Stacey Solomon’s Sort Your Life out is in full swing as the 33-year-old continues to help families up and down the country organise their homes in her BBC show. During Wednesday’s instalment, mum-of-three Aimee was reduced to tears after Stacey’s heartwarming gesture. At the beginning of the show, viewers learnt Stacey would be helping Aimee, her husband Stuart and their three young children Darcie, Rex and Mollie.Although the family moved into their current home four years ago, many items from their previous flat remained in unopened boxes in the garage.Laying out all of their belongings on the floor in a warehouse, Aimee and Stuart were stunned to see 905 items of baby clothing, 12 unopened chandeliers and 492 DVDs.As the family began to sort their items out into piles of keep, recycle or donate, Stacey learnt the story behind one item that held extreme sentimental value to Aimee. READ MORE:Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore The NHS nurse revealed their daughter Mollie, who was born with Down's Syndrome, had to have open-heart surgery not long after she was born.After leaving the hospital, Aimee decided to get a baby chair to help Mollie sit up while in her recovery.Struggling to make her decision, she confessed to Stacey: "It's really hard because I want to get rid of it but that has a lot of memories in the hospital and coming home, it's hard."As she started to tear up, Stacey pulled her in for a hug as she reassured Aimee she’s done an amazing job and gently told her the item was just a chair, she was the one who helped Mollie. Although she bravely decided to part with the chair, Stacey had other plans as she wasn’t prepared for the family to part with it.Speaking to the cameras, the host commented: “I think it's so incredible that Amy has decided to let it go, but a part of me thinks I don't want to just let it go off into the abyss.“So I'm going to sneak it off and try and find a way of turning it into something else."I just can't let it go. I'm worse than them, I tell you!” DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Bob Hope and Bernice Blackstock accused of an affair [SPOILER] EastEnders fans crying as they fear Linda Carter derails without Mick [REACTION] Emmerdale fans spot 'ridiculous' in Paddy Kirk’s disappearance [SOAP] With the seven days up, it was time for Aimee and Stuart to see their new home and they were floored by the incredible transformation.However, it was seeing what Stacey had done with the chair that reduced the mum-of-three to tears.Going up to their bedroom, Aimee instantly recognised the material from a teddy bear that was placed on top of their drawers.Immediately bursting into tears, Stacey said: “I know how much you love the chair and how much it meant to you. So we took the fabric and decided to make a little teddy bear out of it so that you and Molly still have a bit.” Crying, Aimee held the bear to her chest as she thanked the presenter for managing to somewhat save the sentimental item.Speaking about deciding to let go of the original chair, she said: “It was the right decision, but it definitely hurt a lot.“But no, that’s much better. Thank you, it’s amazing.” Sort Your Life Out continues on February 22 on BBC One at 9pm