Because police are expected to arrest even more EU politicians and their aides as part of a shaming, and extensive, corruption inquiry. It's as dirty as politics gets, it's cash-for-influence, a filthy game as old as democracy itself. And it's coming to a European court very soon. It's being called Qatargate, but it's not is it? It's EU-gate. A deep corruption probe going to the heart of the European Union. It's about graft, it's about the abuse of power, and it's about a complete lack of accountability. And it is spreading, the net is widening. I suspect there are an awful lot of sweaty palms in Brussels right now. Initially, four people were arrested after police stormed addresses in Belgium and Italy in coordinated raids in December. But jailed former MEP Antonio Panzeri, who was collared as part of those raids, is set to implicate at least four more MEPs - and perhaps many, many more - as part of a plea bargain deal. It is corruption on a scale certainly never seen in British politics - ever. And yet you've barely read about it or watched it on TV have you? Odd that. But don't take my word for it. Try the usually unflappable and very un-tabloid newspaper Wikipedia take on it: "Qatargate is an ongoing political scandal, involving allegations that European Parliament officials, lobbyists and their families have been influenced by the governments of Qatar, Morocco and Mauritania, engaging in corruption, money laundering, and organised crime." Saudi Arabia could also be implicated and the arrests caused Green Party MEP Viola von Cramon-Taubadel to allege Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan and Russia had also "systematically purchased influence" for years. Former Spanish foreign minister and ex-adviser to the European Commission Arancha González says the scandal could call into question the legitimacy of "the whole European project". And she's right. The details are complicated but, bottom line, MEPs and assorted bagmen are accused of taking money - lots of money - to further the interests of Qatar, Morocco, Mauritania (and perhaps others) in the EU. We have had suitcases stuffed with money, family members scarpering from police, MEPs' parliamentary offices locked down, MEP's bank accounts being frozen by the courts, national governments saying "it wasn't us guv", and so far 1.5million euros in used notes have been recovered. Oh and we've seen EU damage control on an unprecedented level. Of course, a few Rejoiners have suggested that it's no worse than British politics where, as we know, sleazy lobbying is indeed prevalent. (So that's okay then eh Rejoiners?) But this is cash in suitcases and alleged links to organised crime - it is a wholly different ball game. The countries deny everything of course and all but one of those arrested deny any wrongdoing - but Panzeri has come clean, admitting his "life is over". But if the level of criminality is proven the entire future of the EU really is at stake. Brexit-style parties in other countries will not only be able to call the European Union self-serving, power-mad and anti-democratic but a demonstrably criminal enterprise. Astonishingly EU politicians are immune from prosecution except in extreme circumstances. This has led to the European public prosecutor having to apply to the EU and courts to lift this immunity. European Parliament President Roberta Metsola asked all services and committees to give the procedure priority, with the goal to have it finished by February 13. She said: "From the very first moment the European Parliament has done everything in its power to assist in investigations and we will continue to make sure that there will be no impunity. "Those responsible will find this Parliament on the side of the law. Corruption cannot pay and we will do everything to fight it." She said this shortly after declaring the 142 gifts she had received, including three from Moroccan officials. For inexplicable reasons this major story has kept itself out of the limelight for weeks - but, make no mistake, the court cases will be public. Very public. Buckle-up Rejoiners it's going to be a bumpy ride.