Manchester United’s resurgence continued on a night where Old Trafford rose as one to cheer them over the line against Barcelona. The Red Devils entered the showdown knowing victory would be enough to propel them through to the last 16 of the Europa League. And despite falling behind following a penalty from Robert Lewandowski, goals from Fred and Antony sparked wild celebrations around the ground. Manchester United were flat in the first half against Barcelona, with their La Liga counterparts dominating proceedings and taking a deserved lead through Lewandowski. The Poland international converted from the penalty spot after a foul from Bruno Fernandes on Alejandro Balde inside the box. After the interval, however, United were a team completely transformed. Fred pulled them level after a neat pass from Fernandes, with Antony then producing a dramatic late winner to propel United into the last 16 of the competition. It was a positive night all round for Erik ten Hag and his side, who remain in with a shot of quadruple glory as the matches come thick and fast. And the Dutchman has now discovered his best attack, too. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players It involves Fernandes playing as a No 10, rather than out on the right wing. Though the Portugal international impressed in that area of the field in the club’s 3-0 win over Leicester on Sunday, it’s clear he’s not entirely comfortable there. Fernandes saw his influence on the game restricted during the first 45 minutes, with the penalty compounding his frustrations. But, in the second half, the midfielder was able to control and dictate proceedings and helped inspire United to a famous win in the process. Antony has often attracted criticism ever since his huge £86million move from Ajax back in the summer transfer window. Some believe he’s still too flashy, prone to bad decision-making and reliant on his left foot amid a reluctance to use his right. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Yet Antony brings so much to this United side, from both an attacking and defensive perspective. His left foot is dangerous and it curled in the winner against Barcelona, while he was diligent when it came to tracking back and mucking in with his defensive duties. On the opposite flank, Jadon Sancho poses a constant threat these days. Many were unsure what to expect from the England international earlier in the month, when he returned to action amid some private issues. Sancho seemed to struggle in the No 10 role, a position he’s not regularly played in during the course of his career. Yet he was much better when moved out wide. Alejandro Garnacho is an exciting option too, but Sancho is better from a defensive point of view. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here For the match with Barcelona, Ten Hag decided to stick Wout Weghorst up top. It was an experiment that failed to pay off, however, with the Netherlands international insipid and posing precious little threat. Instead, United just look a completely different team when Marcus Rashford plays there. Though there’s a sense he’d prefer to play out wide, so he can cut in on his favoured left foot, his pace and potency makes him a constant dangerman whenever deployed up top. And it’ll be curious to see if Ten Hag sticks with Weghorst or uses Rashford as a No 9 more often following the famous win. Speaking to BT Sport at full time, meanwhile, the 53-year-old admitted the victory over Barcelona was his biggest at the club since taking charge in the summer. "Yes, we've had some good wins, Liverpool and Arsenal but I think this over two legs - Barcelona are La Liga leaders - to beat them it's a big win,” he said. "For a European Cup second leg I think it was flat on both sides, no chances. “One team has to go in the lead, we had big chances with Bruno [Fernandes] at the start of the game. "One part of our game plan is that we can bring Antony and [Alejandro] Garnacho and open the wide areas you can get speed and running in behind and dribbles. “They are both so brave, they don't fear anyone, they just take players on and I think that gives a boost to the whole team."