The specialist investigator Peter Faulding, who assisted authorities in the search for Nicola Bulley, has been backed by a former police officer who claims Lancashire police made him a “scapegoat”. Peter Faulding, from Specialist Group International (SGI), has been described as “one of the world’s best” after coming in for criticism for his role in the search for Nicola.     Mr Faulding scoured the three-mile stretch of the River Wyre near St Michael’s for two and a half days, trying to find the mum-of-two. Mark Williams-Thomas, a former detective, has come to the defence of Mr Faulding and his team in the wake of criticism levelled at him and his team online. "Pete Faulding is a friend & went up to help for free - he will think b4 offering help again”, Mr Williams-Thomas wrote. “He & his teams ability is amongst the best in the world to find bodies on land & water.     "He has been made a scapegoat, Lancashire police searched that whole area already before Pete arrived." Nicola was last seen walking her dog in Lancashire on 27 January, before being found in the river more than three weeks later. Mr Faulding refused to be the “fall guy” amid criticism of the operation, having previously said he was “baffled” and believing Nicola was not in the river. “My previous comments said that if Nicola was in the river, I would find her, still standing”, he said. READ MORE: Online sleuth who filmed body of Nicola Bulley is fraudster who tricked women for gym pics    “My team and I at SGI did all we could to assist this family with only our best intentions. I am sure I can say this of everyone who has been involved in this difficult search.” Lancashire police also received fierce criticism, after disclosing Nicola’s problems with alcohol and the menopause. In a press conference, the force revealed the mother-of-two was classed as a “high-risk” missing person immediately after Mr Ansell reported her disappearance, “based on a number of specific vulnerabilities”. They later added in a statement that Nicola, originally from Essex, had stopped taking her HRT medication.  