Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark, celebrates her 51st birthday on Sunday, February 5. The Countess of Monpezat has come a long way since her humble beginnings in Australia. It turns out that some of this change came about by her own doing. The former real estate agent went on a six-week-long journey of self-improvement before entering the Danish royal fold, spending thousands of dollars on a course. Growing up, Denmark’s future Queen did not know a great deal about royalty but was “very aware” that Queen Elizabeth II was Australia’s head of state with the country being part of the Commonwealth, as she told the Financial Times in February last year. A 28-year-old Mary Donaldson, as she was then, met the future Danish king at the popular pub called the Slip Inn in Sydney, Australia, when the prince was visiting for the 2000 Summer Olympics with other royals, where he enjoyed relative anonymity. The pair reportedly discussed male chest hair, of which Frederik, then 32, supposedly has none, and bonded over horses and fitness. The fairytale romance, fit for a Hans Christian Andersen novel, had begun. Little over a month later, she enrolled on a course in Australia called Starquest all about deportment, of which she described herself as an “absolute novice”. The four-hour-a-week course, ran by life coach Teresa Page’s Starmakers agency which cost $1195, around $2,128.35 today [£1217.39], taught her how to walk, stand, shake hands, and bolster her confidence in front of the camera. According to a Syndey Morning Herald report, she had signed up because she felt as though “life was passing her by and she had to do something to shift it”. Ms Page told the paper in November 2002: “Mary wanted to change and she wanted to change her life. She was definitely on a path of self-development… She's charming, she's intelligent, she's articulate. She's very switched on. She said she didn't like the camera and didn't have any good photos of herself.” Over the duration of the course, Mary “transformed” and became more self-assured in front of the camera. In the meantime, Frederik would come to Australia to secretly meet with his new girlfriend. On one occasion, Mary had apologised for missing a task because she had “family” visiting from abroad. Their long-distance relationship was later made public in November 2001 by the Danish magazine Billed Bladet. READ MORE: Crown Princess Mary channels Queen Elizabeth's 'signature style'    The following year, she moved to Denmark and by 2004, the pair were married, Frederik having got down on knee presenting Mary with an emerald-cut and ruby ring, the colours of which resemble the Danish flag. Before their wedding at Copenhagen Cathedral, Mary told the Politiken newspaper: “I am, more than anything else, happy. To be happy is, I guess, the most important thing in life.” Mary has since fit right in with royal life amongst one of the oldest monarchies in the world. But her education did not end with her self-prescribed deportment course.  After moving to Copenhagen, she received lessons in the Danish language, culture, and etiquette. Now, she uses the formal “you”, typically only used in Denmark by the royal family, when speaking in Danish. DON'T MISS: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [INSIGHT]Dr Mosley says alcoholic drink can cut cholesterol and hypertension [ANALYSIS]Passengers fly for 13 hours only to end up back at starting point [REPORT]  She told the Financial Times that she was quickly brought up to speed on the rules and expectations she faced when it came to attending royal events, particularly when it came to dressing. She said: “Very early on, it was clear that there were expectations about what you wore and how you dressed appropriately to an event. That was pretty daunting for me. I was a T-shirt-and-shorts girl, known to go barefoot.” The Danish Crown Prince and Princess are staunchly committed to their own privacy. In 2009, it was revealed Mary and other members of the royal fold had turned down Oprah Winfrey’s request to be interviewed as part of a TV show. Mary and Frederik, now 54, have four children together and live in Frederik VIII's Palace, one of the four palaces that make up the Amalienborg Palace complex, where Queen Margrethe II, 82, also resides.   