WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us Left Behind is expected to be a poignant episode focusing on Ellie Williams (played by Bella Ramsey) before she met Joel Miller (Pedro Pascal), while his life hangs in the balance. HBO dropped a preview earlier this week in which Ellie and Riley Abel’s (Storm Reid) friendship was explored. As The Last of Us fans will remember earlier on, Riley was revealed to have died with Ellie losing any friends she’d had. Here’s when you can watch the instalment. In the UK The Last of Us episode seven will be airing on Sky Atlantic and streaming platform NOW on Monday, February 27 at 2am. The episode will then be repeated at the more sociable time of 9pm on the same day, so you can watch it at primetime. However, once the 2am simulcast episode has taken place, you can watch Left Behind at any time you want to suit you. You need either a Sky subscription to watch The Last of Us with prices starting from just £26 per month. READ MORE: Unforgotten season five's theme tune is sung by duo Oh Wonder Alternatively, you can watch The Last of Us via NOW with an Entertainment membership which will set you back £9.99 per month. Both Sky and NOW allow you to watch either live or on catch up via an array of devices including mobile phones and tablets. You can also download the episode to watch offline without a live internet connection needed. The Last of Us is airing weekly with a total of 10 episodes with the show soon to be coming to an end. READ MORE: Fans of The Last of Us are anxious about Joel's fate In the US HBO and HBO Max are the places to watch The Last of Us in America with the next episode airing on Sunday, February, 26 at 9pm Eastern Standard Time. HBO Max subscriptions are available for $15.99 per month, which allows you to watch The Last of Us and many other films and TV series. HBO will be simulcasting the episode, this means the show will be airing all around the globe at the same time. So, your geographical location will affect the time you can watch the show and where. In Canada, The Last of Us will be airing on streaming platform Crave at the same time on Sunday, February 26 at 9pm. Those in Latin America can watch Left Behind at the same time via HBO Max. Just like the UK, Portugal will be airing The Last of Us on HBO Max on Monday, February 27 at 2am. Moving across the world, HBO Max will be screening the episode on Monday at 3am in Meanwhile, fans in Spain, Finland, Sweden, Norway, or Denmark. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh in stitches over The Chase player's 'best answer ever' [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence [VIEWER REACTION] Those in Italy will be able to watch the instalment on Sky Italia from 4am on Monday. At the same time, Cellcom will be streaming Left Behind in Israel. Those in Singapore can watch the series on HBO Asia on Monday at 9am and those in Japan can catch it at 10am. If you are in Australia, you can watch The Last of Us on Foxtel or the streaming platform BINGE on Monday, February 20 at 11am. While in New Zealand, you can watch the show on SoHo at 1pm on the Monday. The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW on at 2am and 9pm