The first of three Marvel movies to release in 2023 hits cinemas next week, in a blockbuster kicking off the MCU's Phase 5. The Multiverse Saga’s Thanos-level villain Kang the Conqueror debuts in Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania and critics can’t get enough of his performance. Check out the first reactions for Paul Rudd's new movie from the world premiere last night. The Hollywood ReporterThere comes a point where every franchise has to get weird, and the MCU has done just that with Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania. Like all his other roles, Jonathan Majors remains endlessly compelling. M.O.D.O.K., David Dastmalchian's new character and composer Christophe Beck are standouts as well. ColliderQuantumania tells a tight story that balances humour with heart and manages to be one of the weirdest MCU movies to date. I like weird and I was surprised by how much I liked what M.O.D.O.K. brought to the table. Bring on the weird! While I wish we had a chance to reunite with other Ant-Man favs, Jonathan Majors has made his stamp on the MCU as a force to be reckoned with. Thanos is tame compared to what lies ahead. The Kang Dynasty has begun! I'll say one more thing before I wrap for the night, thematically Quantumania definitely ties back into the first Ant-Man movie in a meaningful way. At the end of the day, there's nothing Scott Lang wouldn't do for Cassie.” Next Best PictureQuantumania is definitely Marvel’s weirdest movie yet…but that’s a good thing! It leans hard into the sci-fi side of the MCU, taking lots of wild swings. Not everything lands, but it’s funny, inventive, and a good time. An enjoyable, bizarro ride into the quantum realm. Fandango PHASE 5 HAS BEGUN! The new Ant-Man movie is like a psychedelic rollercoaster full of frightening & hilarious oddities, plus one VERY menacing Kang. Big STAR WARS vibes meet the MCU at its freakiest & most inventive. MODOK is a riot, but Jonathan Majors conquers. Loved the ride! Definitely make sure you stay for the credits because there are significant things to . I really dug how Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is both a Part 1 of Phase 5, but also a self-contained Ant-Man story that’s funny & sweet & features a kick-ass Michelle Pfeiffer. Good stuff Black Girl NerdsAnt-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania gives some heavy Star Wars vibes! Fantastic performance from Jonathan Majors who is incredible as the big bad villain. Make sure to stay for 2 post-credit scenes! GizmodoThe best Star Wars movie since 2018 is Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania. It’s a huge sci-fi adventure with gorgeous world-building that feels almost a little un-Marvel in how much world-building there is. But it’s got humour, heart, Kang completely rules & Michelle Pfeiffer steals it. READ MORE: Ant-Man and the Wasp Quantumania cast in full BuzzfeedJonathan Majors is a force in Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania. He’s compelling, chilling, and already giving a top-notch performance. I love the complexity he brings to Kang with literally a single look. MCU really won with this casting LRMOnlineAnt-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania was well-balanced and fast-paced. I loved the father/daughter moments in the movie. Jonathan Majors is a beast as Kang. With Black Panther and now Ant-Man and The Wasp it feels like Marvel Studios is back on track. Excited to see it again! DON'T MISSQuantumania theory: Iron Man's Age of Ultron Easter Egg will pay off [THEORY]Ant-Man 3 Quantumania theory: Kang's mind-blowing Shang-Chi connection [THEORY]Avengers 5 The Kang Dynasty, Avengers 6 Secret Wars titles explained [AVENGERS] CNETAnt-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania has way too much going on -- it’s tough to connect emotionally to any of it. Jonathan Majors’ Kang is a charismatic, intense baddy and visually awesome, but the threat he represents is too abstract. UproxxAnt-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania… trying to imagine a Marvel novice, “one ticket please,” then getting two hours of variant and multiverse talk. Jonathan Majors is great as Kang and for a good portion of the movie Michelle Pfeiffer is the main character, which is awesome. They found the perfect actor in Majors for Kang — and we are going to get A LOT of Kang coming up — but I’m not sure about the whole, “you think Thanos was bad? Meet Kang!,” strategy. He’s fun here, but to be the big bad over multiple projects? Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania hits cinemas on February 14, 2023. 