Exactly six months after Elliott was supposed to be deported to Jamaica in 2020 he knifed 35-year-old Nathaniel Eyewu-Ago to death in a horrific attack in Greenwich South London. Elliott, who’d been jailed here for knife crime, had been fighting failed asylum claims for 20 years – presumably at the expense of British taxpayers. So are the luvvies and those Labour politicians like Diane Abbott, Shami Chakrabarti and Jeremy Corbyn together with historian David Olusoga - who never misses an opportunity to slam “racist” Britain - proud of what they did? Are they happy now that – thanks, in part, to their efforts - Ernesto Elliott was allowed to stay in Britain and go on to murder a man? Are Beverly Knight, Thandiwe Newton, Naomi Campbell and Bond actress Naomie Harris – together with the 50-odd other celebrities who signed an open letter opposing the flight deporting 23 hardened Jamaican criminals  -  going to apologise to Nathaniel Eyewu-Ago’s family and explain why they fought to keep a violent criminal in this country? A man who turned out to be a murderer? What would they say to explain away this needless murder I wonder? Would they have the guts to give Nathaniel’s family the spiel about how everyone has a right to stay in this country - even violent criminals? Nah, that one’s not likely to wash, not when you watch the video of Elliott, his son Nico and another man repeatedly lunging with long-bladed knives and a hammer at the victim who was armed with a machete. Or maybe they think people like that should be allowed to stay – and to Hell with the safety of the rest of us? Or would they tell them the actual truth that their campaign to stop Elliot’s deportation was all about THEM burnishing their “woke, caring” credentials? People like Newton, Campbell, Knight and Olusoga dip their political toes in the water without ever really getting their hands dirty and when (they think) it makes THEM look good. They don’t have to deal with the consequences of their irresponsible actions. They just talk a good humanitarian game because it gets them the kind of kudos they crave in elitist circles. It makes them feel good about themselves and like they’re doing their bit for the poor beleaguered people who are being persecuted by a cruel, heartless and racist British Government. When the truth is that Elliott, who came here in the early 2,000’s, is a violent, criminal thug who should have been deported then after failing to win his asylum claim but wasn’t - largely thanks to the fact it was a Labour government in power at the time. Well, now look at the results of their meddling and their sanctimony. Thanks to these idiot do-gooders and their stupid campaign, thanks to specialist immigration lawyers and because of interference from a bunch of witless Labour MPs who believe everyone’s a victim, Ernesto Elliott was allowed to stay here and murder a man on the streets of London - precisely what his deportation order was trying to avoid. Says the former Home Secretary Priti Patel who oversaw attempts to deport Elliot: “We came up against various specialist immigration lawyers, Labour MPs but also a group of celebrities who for some reason thought they should stop a deportation flight.” And how strange that those celebrities and politicians who were so vocal in trying to stop Elliot’s deportation and the deportation of a bunch of murderers and rapists -  are now strangely silent over Nathanial Eyewu Ago’s murder. Why haven’t they got anything to say now? Where’s their so-called humanity for the bereaved family of  Elliott’s victim? Do they feel shame? Do they feel guilt?  Do they wish they’d kept their big, irresponsible mouths shut? Because if they don’t they damn well should because the consequences of their interference means that a man is now dead who would very likely have still been alive if Ernesto Elliott had been deported. But, of course, these people won’t say anything at all. They’ll just quietly slink into the shadows until all this passes. Not for a second will they ever accept any responsibility for their part in what’s happened. All the people on that deportation flight that was stopped back in 2020 represented the very worst of humanity and none of them should have been here. They were a danger to the British people and all Priti Patel (then Home Secretary) wanted was to get them out of Britain. These scumbags were murderers, rapists, and monsters who’d done unspeakable things to children and yet they were all allowed to stay here. How long before another one of them, like Elliott, kills someone, rapes a child? Elliott, 45, was jailed for life at the Old Bailey last month and handed a minimum sentence of 26 years. Keeping him in jail will cost British taxpayers more than £1.3m. All that could have been avoided if these foolish, gullible celebrities and Labour MPs had kept their noses out and allowed Elliott to be deported. And what consequences will there be for their interference? Hang on, let me guess -  absolutely none. The only people who will pay any kind of price here are Nathaniel Eyewu-Ago’s family. I’d like to say that maybe in future these do-gooding loons might learn from what’s happened, that maybe they’ll think twice about standing up for violent criminals who shouldn’t even be here. But I’m not holding my breath.