Introduced supposedly for environmental reasons, such projects are dislocating communities and creating hardship for those least able to afford it. Just last week, my home city of Bath played host to a packed community meeting opposing the imposition of Low Traffic Neighbourhoods (LTN).  Local resident and former Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies spoke on behalf of fed-up families. “There will be a huge impact on the vulnerable,” she told me. “Especially people with disabilities with no access to the city centre. It’ll cause issues for emergency and utility services with so many streets closed off with huge planters.” She also cited the impact of restricted access roads and bollarded-off streets on businesses. “Shopkeepers will again be hit at a time when there are huge numbers of empty shops and many are just hanging on.” From Oxford to Bath and throughout London, LTNs, 15-minute city schemes (where, optimistically, you can access basic, day-to-day needs within a 15-minute walk of home) and increased surveillance and fining of motorists are stirring up community resentment. No doubt many other councils are watching the reaction before launching their own.  Opponents rightly argue that LTNs – where road closures, cameras and bollards drastically reduce car access to residential streets – benefit more affluent neighbourhoods while funnelling traffic into poorer roads.   In London, pressure caused many LTNs to be abandoned. In Greenwich, south-east London, signage and cameras were removed in a council U-turn on two closures, just weeks before local elections. “I don’t think that was a coincidence,” noted one resident. Ealing Council collected over £2.8million from drivers passing through LTNs before it respected a local referendum in which up to 82 per cent of residents wanted them removed. But if LTNs are so unpopular, why are they being imposed on towns and cities across the UK? The same is true of the Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) being foisted on outer London residents, even though some areas are in the countryside. Championed by London mayor Sadiq Khan, motorists are charged £12.50 a day for driving non-compliant cars, buses or vans in outer London. It is a terrible tax on older car or small business owners who do not want to dump perfectly good vehicles for newly compliant ones in a move that seems environmentally counterproductive by creating greater scrappage. At least 11 London councils refuse to back the ULEZ and a poll showed 51 per cent of Londoners oppose it. Not only that, but in some places, it appears to be an attempt to replicate the pandemic lockdown by restricting residents to policed areas under threat of constant fines.   In Oxford, the council wants to enact the policy of 15-minute neighbourhoods by encouraging most people to take journeys by foot or bicycle. By installing traffic cameras to read car number plates, they can monitor residents who must apply for permits to drive through neighbourhood traffic filters for up to 100 days a year. After which, they will be fined £70 per journey. This may be okay for the healthy and young, but many elderly or differently abled people depend on their cars for essential journeys. One survey found just seven per cent of locals could see the benefit of such a scheme. Yet despite such low levels of support, Oxford City Council plans to press ahead with a trial of traffic filters next year. This seems the thin end of a very fat wedge in which “saving the planet” is the over-used and patronising justification for increased control and monitoring and fining people simply going about their everyday business by car. Campaign group Together is rallying support across the UK against increasingly authoritarian anti-car measures. Co-Founder Alan Miller says residents can defeat the town planners if they band together. “It’s very much the case that if the majority, even a sizeable group of people, are vocal and organised properly and efficiently, you can get a proper debate but also get results.” “Free Our Streets”, is the battle cry of these campaigners and it is essential that residents across the UK stand up to challenge these worrying restrictions on our daily lives. 