Confidence is rocket fuel for an economy. Employers, entrepreneurs and investors who were braced for the very worst now have reason to hope the recession will be shorter and shallower than anticipated. Instead of a slump lasting nearly two years, it should be over in little more than one.  People will breathe a sigh of relief if falling energy costs mean the economy shrinks by one percent and not the three percent that had been expected. Families will be spared anguish if the unemployment rate rises from 3.7 percent to 5.3 percent instead of 6.4 percent. Tough times are ahead and many home-owning households are wrestling with both runaway inflation and the hike in interest rates to the highest level for 15 years. Rates could rise yet again and experts are concerned about the danger of "monetary overkill". The pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine have dealt cruel blows to the economy but Britain remains superbly positioned to be a powerhouse for innovation and trade in the decades ahead. The country is yearning for a return to prosperity and the opportunities growth will unlock.  Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has insisted he will get to grips with illegal immigration. It is imperative he delivers on his promises. He has pledged that in the "vast majority of cases" people will be sent to an "alternative safe country" such as Rwanda. The small boats crisis must be resolved. People trafficking is a criminal enterprise which puts desperate men, women and children in danger of death. The UK is proud to offer genuine refugees shelter but abuse of the asylum system cannot be tolerated. The PM must deliver firm but fair policies and ensure these are not derailed by activist lawyers or footdragging bureaucrats.  Radio 2's desperate pursuit of a younger audience has seen the station lose nearly 600,000 listeners. Hugely popular presenters who were rightly considered national treasures have left, while commercial rivals that unashamedly celebrate brilliant music from the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s have soaring audience numbers. The BBC should abandon its obsession with being trendy and instead deliver a service that its audience enjoy. It should ensure that neither well-loved presenters nor loyal listeners feel unwanted. 