Liverpool have been tipped to do “bloody good business” by landing both Leicester star Youri Tielemans and Chelsea’s N’Golo Kante in the summer on free transfers. The Reds’ midfield woes have been highlighted further this season amid their struggles in the Premier League, though they have eyed Borussia Dortmund’s Jude Bellingham as an answer to their issues. Liverpool are set to compete with Manchester City and Real Madrid for the 19-year-old’s signature this summer as he is set to leave for a fee of over £100million, though the Reds have been warned that more midfield additions are necessary beyond Bellingham. Former Liverpool defender Glen Johnson has claimed that summer free transfers for Tielemans and Kante could put them in a strong position for next season. “If N’Golo Kante is available on a free transfer, then that’s something you need to consider seriously,” Johnson told Betfred. “The guy wears his heart on his sleeve and he has the energy to perform how Jürgen Klopp expects his players to perform. If Liverpool can sign him on a free then blimey, you need to put your hat in the ring. “I’d say they need to sign two or three midfielders in the summer. Once they sign one or two midfielders, then they’re probably going to have to sell some others too. They’ll need six midfielders in their squad going forward, at least, and if you can sign someone like Youri Tielemans on a free then you have to seriously consider pursuing a move. “If we’re sitting here in the summer and Liverpool have signed N’Golo Kante and Youri Tielemans for free, then that’s bloody good business. They’ll then have plenty of money left to pursue a big deal elsewhere.” Kante could leave Stamford Bridge as he has struggled to stay fit this season and is yet to feature under Graham Potter, while Tielemans is unlikely to sign an extension at Leicester and looks set to leave Brendan Rodgers’ side at the end of the campaign. Liverpool may be forced to look at midfielders outside of Bellingham, as Johnson believes that they will struggle to land him without Champions League football next season. “If Liverpool want a serious chance of signing Jude, then they need to be in the top four,” Johnson added. “Let’s face it, anybody else that’s looking to sign Jude in the summer is going to be playing in the Champions League next season, and some of them will be trying to sign him off the back of winning their domestic league. “Let’s say if Liverpool finish sixth, then how can Jude pick them over a club like Real Madrid? I think if Liverpool don’t finish in the top four, then they may eliminate themselves from the race to sign him.”