Alex Albon admits F1 drivers are all "concerned" over the FIA barring them from speaking out or protesting about issues on race weekends. As of this season, drivers will only be able to make political, religious or personal statements with written permission from the authority, and anyone who breaches the rules could face strict penalties. Valtteri Bottas has criticised the new restrictions, accusing the FIA of wanting to control drivers. Reigning world champion Max Verstappen has also hit out, arguing the ban is not 'necessary' and is simply designed to stop drivers being outspoken about social and political issues. The regulation could effectively gag the likes of Lewis Hamilton, who has continuously used his platform to speak out on what he perceives as injustices. He wore a T-shirt that read: 'Arrest the cops who killed Breonna Taylor' on the podium at the Tuscan Grand Prix in 2020, and was instrumental in drivers taking the knee following the murder of George Floyd. And at the Williams 2023 launch, Albon also weighed into the debate. Arguing that "We need to be able to speak freely to a certain extent," he said the measures contradicted the pro-diversity We Race As One campaign the sport had promoted since 2020. JUST IN: Red Bull left red-faced as F1 boss shuns them 'due to his Mercedes and Ferrari suspicions' "Politics and stances - it is a very sensitive area," Albon told the BBC. "We were very much for We Race As One. We need clarity and I am sure we are going to get clarity. With who we are, and the media, and the engagement we have to our fans and the people who watch, a lot of people look to us as spokespeople for issues around the world, and I do feel it is a responsibility for drivers to make people aware of these situations." Albon also urged FIA President Mohammed Ben Sulayem to communicate better with drivers amid a number of contoversies in 2022: "We are all concerned," he added. "I know that between F1 and the FIA they are trying to get everything together in the same form of communication. At the minute there is a little bit of confusion." DON'T MISS:Daniel Ricciardo explains Red Bull decision after Aussie denied home reunion in snubLewis Hamilton's friend spotted on stage during Red Bull launch in New YorkMax Verstappen opens up on Netflix showdown talks after big disagreement  Albon, 22, is also looking to address issues on the track this year, having only managed four points in 2022. He managed top-10 finishes in Australia, Miami, and Belgium. But the British-Thai driver's season was disrupted after he suffered from appendicitis in the days leading up to the Italian Grand Prix in September. He underwent successful surgery, but ended up suffering a respiratory failure and needed treatment in intensive care before being released.