The Duchess of York reportedly paid for her new £4.25million home in a lavish London area without the need for a mortgage, Land Registry documents have shown. These official papers also included a "restriction" placed on the mews terrace property when Sarah, also known as Fergie by friends and fans, bought it in June last year. The deeds, seen by the Mail on Sunday, suggested the former wife of Prince Andrew can't sell the home without consent signed by her two daughters - Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. A legal source believes this clause may mean the two Princesses contributed financially to the purchase of the property. However, they also said: "But it also could mean that whoever purchased the property wants to make sure that her daughters ultimately benefit from it. "Usually a restriction like this one is needed to stop conmen taking advantage of vulnerable elderly relatives and selling their house from under them when they are in a care home, but I don't think that applies in this case." A source close to the Duchess told the publication they would not discuss whether she had paid for the Belgravia home herself as it was a "private matter". However, they hinted at Fergie's prolific publishing career, adding: "She has bought it very much as a nest egg for the girls so it does not surprise me at all that she has put that kind of provision in." A representative for the Duchess of York told Express.co.uk they would not comment on the report. At the time of the purchase, this home was understood to have been bought as "a nest egg for the Duchess’s daughters". The 63-year-old has penned some 90 books over the past few decades, including two memoirs, lifestyle books and several children's stories. In August 2021, she debuted as a romance and historical fiction novelist with Her Heart for a Compass, which became a Sunday Times bestseller. READ MORE: Charles's 'much deeper problem' covered up by Harry book The success of her first book deal with Mills and Boons was followed by the announcement of a second historical novel, A Most Intriguing Lady, to be released in late March. In the past, Fergie didn't shy away from her financial struggles. In the first episode of a six-part docu-series titled Finding Sarah, the Duchess admitted she didn't understand "finances at all". Appearing in the biographical series created for Oprah Winfrey's television channel, during which she also took part in discussions with TV counsellors and experts, Sarah admitted she has "tried very hard not to go into financial bankruptcy" after a scandal seeing her offering access to Prince Andrew to a reporter posing as a businessman dried up her income streams. Sarah is known to be very close to her daughters Beatrice and Eugenie, and often publicly praised them for the women and mothers they grew up to become. In 2016, the Duchess hailed Eugenie and Beatrice for taking time off their working days to support the Teenage Cancer Trust, of which the three royals are patrons. Fergie told People magazine at the time: "These are two girls who’ve worked so hard in their own careers and have taken time off today to spread the word on teen cancer, which is so important. "It’s an extraordinary example of good parenting and listening to children and getting them to take responsibility for their own actions, which is why they have such empathy and compassion." More recently, the Duchess shared an open letter she penned for her daughters with Good Housekeeping, in which she said she thanks "the universe for allowing me to be your mother".