The sister of the Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un has warned the US that North Korea is increasing the power of its nuclear arsenal following its missile launches in the direction of Japanese waters. The rogue state today fired three missiles over the Asia-Pacific "firing range", raising tensions there. Kim Yo-Jong, leader and vice department director of the Central Committee of the Workers’ Party of Korea, said North Korea would respond to any "direct or indirect threat" with "counteraction". She said the country, which now has "satisfactory" missile capabilities, will focus on "increasing the quantity of their force". The Japanese Coast Guard confirmed the missile launch on Monday morning (February 20). It follows the launch of North Korea’s Hwasong-15 intercontinental ballistic missile on the weekend. After today’s missile launch, the US flew long-range supersonic bombers alongside South Korean and Japanese warplanes. READ MORE: Putin will 'aim nuclear missiles on London and Berlin' if victorious And Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida pushed for an emergency United Nations Security Council meeting. He said he sought to "deepen cooperation" between the US, Japan and South Korea. South Korea responded by increasing sanctions on four North Koreans and five organisations who allegedly aided the country’s missile programme or helped the pariah state dodge sanctions. Yo-Jong said in a statement: "The frequency of using the Pacific as our firing range depends upon the US forces' action. "We affirm once again that there is no change in our will to make the worst maniacs escalating the tensions pay the price for their action." Don't miss... Wagner Group shows clip of corpses in push for more ammo [LATEST] Police must treat violence against women as a 'national threat' [LATEST] Brazil landslide kills at least 36 and left hundreds homeless  [LATEST] After the launch, Yo-Jong also lashed out at reports that the missiles had failed to re-enter the earth’s atmosphere. She said a "so-called honorary" claimed a photo taken by Japan showed the missile failing. "Those absurd guys fail to distinguish a warhead from a detached second-stage projectile in the photo and seem ignorant about the reason why the distance between the two in the case of vertical launch naturally gets close," she said. She added: "Such argument, made by those rookies who lack the said common sense and pretend to be experts, will not change in fact the crisis facing the US and South Korea. "We have possessed satisfactory technology and capability and, now will focus on increasing the quantity of their force. "They had better rack their brains to take measures to defend themselves, instead of doubting or worrying about other's technology."