After eight albums and a decade as a band, Black Sabbath werw set to start recording their ninth album in 1979. Yet Ozzy Osbourne, at the height of his alcohol and drug abuse, was stalling the band from getting to work. This led to the tough decision to replace him with Ronnie James Dio. But what really happened? Guitarist Tony Iommi, who turns 75 today, exclusively revealed to Express.co.uk what went down and how the difficult decision to fire their singer actually benefitted him and Black Sabbath as a band. Speaking previously with Express.co.uk: “We went to Los Angeles to write and record an album. But it never really got off the ground really because Ozzy just wasn’t into it anymore. He was doing too many drugs. He’d just gone off the idea of it. I think he’d had too much of everything, as we all did at that point to be honest – but him more than most. “He just couldn’t come up with any ideas and just wasn’t gelling anymore. I had to go to the record company – it was always me – and they’d say, ‘How’s the album coming along? When can we hear some tracks?’ And I’d say. ‘Err…soon’. We hadn’t got anything. And I thought, ‘I can only bluff it so much.’ It was getting pretty bad when I was called into Warner Bros.” Tony confessed how Black Sabbath had to have a serious conversation as a band asking: “What are we going to do? Nothing’s happening. It came about that either we break up or we replace Ozzy.” He continued: “It was very sad really. We said we were going to do it all together and of course Bill [Ward, drummer] stepped in on his own, which made it look worse. It was difficult for us. Really difficult. But y’know out of that was goodness for Ozzy and for us. It make him get off his arse, pull himself together and do something with his own album, which he did – it was really good. And it gave us the fighting end to do something, because we had to prove something. When we had Dio, we wrote the Heaven and Hell album, which pulled us back on again.” Express.co.uk also previously spoke to Black Sabbath bassist Geezer Butler who shared that Ozzy’s firing left him in tears. READ MORE: Ozzy Osbourne: ‘Tony Iommi INTIMIDATES the f*** out of me' Geezer told us: “I was very sad that the inevitable had to happen. I did shed tears, but eventually it was the right move. Both Ozzy and Sabbath went onwards and upwards from that point.” It's true as as year later the former Black Sabbath singer released his debut solo album Blizzard of Ozz, which is considered one of the greatest metal albums of all time. Ronnie James Dio replaced him in Black Sabbath ushering in a new age for the band and Ozzy returned at different stages over the last four decades before their final show in 2017 together.