Samsung may have been grabbing all of the headlines recently thanks to the launch of its new Galaxy S23 smartphones but its rivals are already fighting back. The yearly Mobile World Congress (MWC) show kicks off in Barcelona this week and some of the world's biggest smartphone firms are lifting the lid on shiny new devices that are trying to steal the limelight. Xiaomi is one of the first to reveal its upcoming Android call makers and they certainly look impressive with the Chinese firm joining forces with professional camera brand Leica to bring improved photography to its users. In fact, Xiaomi is boasting that its new 13 Pro device features the largest image sensor ever incorporated into a smartphone allowing users to experience a "pro-grade camera system". This triple-lens snapper also offers ultra-wide shots and a 75mm telephoto lens for those all-important close-ups. Like most new flagship devices, the Xiaomi 13 Pro - and slightly cheaper Xiaomi 13 which is launching alongside it - offer plenty of clever AI to make sure every photo looks like it's been shot by an expert plus there are full manual settings for those who prefer to dig deep into the settings. They also both feature improved video with upgrades including 4K Ultra Night Videos, HyperOIS video stabilisation and full support for stunning Dolby Vision. So that's the cameras but what else is included on these new smartphones? READ MORE: Amazon issues Fire TV Stick warning that could stop you streaming content Those opting for the premium Pro model will get a curved 6.7-inch 120Hz screen that's covered in toughned Corning Gorilla Glass Victus. This phone also gets rapid 120W HyperCharge and there's even 50W refilling speeds when using wireless charging - that's a feature Samsung's Galaxy S23 range can't get close to matching. The standard Xiaomi 13 gets a 6.36-inch 120Hz flat screen. Although it does include 50W wireless charging, users don't get access to that 120W wired refilling. Both the 13 and 13 Pro include the latest and greatest Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor which is not only faster but way more efficient meaning longer battery life. There are also dual speakers with Dolby Atmos support, full access to 5G data speeds plus they are compatible with ludicrously fast Wi-Fi which is the next generation of broadband technology. Xiaomi 13 Pro and Xiaomi 13 will offer 3 generations of Android system updates, along with 5 years of security patch updates. Users of the two devices are also entitled to experience 6 months of free trial for both Google One cloud storage. The Xiaomi 13 Pro will start from £1,099 with the standard Xiaomi 13 costing £849. They will go on sale later next month. If that sounds a bit rich then the firm is also launching a Lite version which features 6.55-inch 120HZ screen and starts from a more wallet-friendly £449. As you'd expect, this device does comprise on specs but you still get a Snapdragon 7 Gen 1 processor, an impressive camera and 5G. There's even 67W TurboCharging which will refill things in under an hour. Xiaomi isn't the only firm that's announced new smartphones at MWC. Nokia has announced the launch of its new G22 phone which the firm says has been built around repairability. In fact, any user should easily be able to replace the screen and battery on their kitchen table without needing an expensive tool kit. Nokia hopes that the introduction of self-repairs will help users keep their phones for longer which not only makes things much better value but also cuts down on electronic waste. It comes in Meteor Grey and Lagoon Bluem with prices starting from £149.99.