Manchester United icon Paul Scholes has criticised three players following his old side's 2-2 draw with Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday night. The Red Devils were impressive during the showdown at the Nou Camp. However, Raphinha's late goal prevented them from returning to Old Trafford with a lead to their name. United fell behind against Barcelona in the 50th minute, with Marcos Alonso scoring a header from a corner. And Scholes, speaking on BT Sport, has expressed a belief that Fred, Tyrell Malacia and David De Gea should all have done better. “When you look at the first goal it is Malacia who doesn’t pick up Alonso, he lets him free, really,” said the former Red Devils star. It is only a basic bit of movement from Alonso that loses him too. Fred as well, probably didn’t challenge as well as he could.” “It is a basic bit of movement from Alonso and Malacia doesn’t stay with him. I also think the goalkeeper should do better, it goes in quite easily at that near post.  Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “David looks a little bit worried about colliding with the post. But Malacia there, he has to stay with him and when he doesn’t, Fred has to cover, ‘my mate has made a mistake, I’ve got to cover for him’. But he doesn’t do that.” Owen Hargreaves also spoke to BT following the contest and felt Erik ten Hag would have been disappointed by his side conceding from a corner. “Whether it is the Champions League or Europa League, the margins are so fine,” said the former Red Devils star.  “If you are given a job you have to do it. I think Erik ten Hag will be disappointed.” Ten Hag did speak after the game and called it a match worthy of being played in the Champions League, rather than the Europa League. "I think we dictated the game, apart from maybe 15 minutes in the first half, we had some difficulties, but in the rest we were dictating the game and we had so many chances,” said the 53-year-old. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I was a little bit disappointed that at half time it was 0-0 because we should have scored and the opportunities they had we created by ourselves. “But I think it was a great game. Two attacking teams. “I think it was a Champions League game, even more than that, so I really enjoyed the game. In the end [it finished] 2-2, and we have to finish it in Old Trafford." And Barcelona boss Xavi said: "It was a really tough game, really difficult with a lot of intensity, passion, and rhythm. “I think we have to be proud because we competed really well until the end. “We could have won in the last two chances but we played today against a top team in Europe. “I think Manchester United is coming back and today they showed the best version. “We competed really well, we need to be proud. Now we need to compete well in Old Trafford. "I think both teams are more or less in the same moment, in the same position that we are coming back. “I say to Erik Ten Hag congratulations because his is doing very well, but they are Manchester United. Yes it can be a final, or semi-final or quarter-final in the future of Champions League but now we are in Europa League, we are coming back and today we show a very good performance from both teams."