Fernando Alonso and Lance Stroll had a somewhat awkward start to their Aston Martin relationship after a Michael Schumacher revelation from the latter at the team’s launch. Alonso looked taken aback as his new team-mate admitted he was a fan of the seven-time champion when watching F1 growing up - and supported the German over Alonso.  Stroll revealed he always cheered for Schumacher when the German was racing Alonso. The quip came after Stroll was asked by young fan, Noah, who his F1 idol was when growing up. The Canadian quickly replied: “Michael Schumacher. You know what, I was just a fan of the sport growing up. I loved racing. I watched Fernando in my young years growing up, he was the guy winning the races and championships. I’m not gonna lie, I was cheering for Michael at the time. “But I’m really happy to have Fernando on the team now and I’m really excited to work together.” READ MORE: Alonso tips Stroll to challenge Hamilton and Verstappen for F1 title Alonso shrugged at Stroll’s comment before breaking into a large grin. In another turn of events, host David Croft asked Noah to name his idol with the youngster quickly naming Alonso as his favourite. The double world champion gave the fan a thumbs up before turning around and pointing at Stroll in an amusing exchange. It came just minutes after Aston Martin lifted the covers off their new AMR23. Visually, the car is almost identical to last year's model with the eta retaining their iconic dark green colours. The Spaniard has now enjoyed two test runs with his new team after getting behind the wheel of last year's AMR22 in Abu Dhabi and Jerez. DON'T MISSFernando Alonso agrees with Hamilton over Michael Schumacher weapon [INSIGHT]Fernando Alonso off to ideal Aston Martin start after test session [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris 'matches' Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT]  Speaking at the launch, Alonso added: “It has been quite amazing to be honest. The last few months we have been in contact. From January I have been here in the factory. Some simulator sessions, meeting new people and visiting the new faculties that will be ready soon. “I feel this energy, a lot of things going on in the team now. New people joined the technical department last year, new factory, new wind tunnel soon, new driver. So everything is good and I can’t wait to drive." Alonso sparked a driver merry-go-round after announcing his decision to leave Alpine for Aston Martin last season. Alpine bosses claimed they were blindsided by the move but quickly promoted Oscar Piastri to his race seat. However, the Australian dismissed their offer as it emerged he had already struck a deal with McLaren.