Nearly two million households across Great Britain that don’t use mains gas for heating will be receiving £200 towards energy bills as the Alternative Fuel Payment (AFP) scheme has now launched. The payments are expected to be completed within the month, although this will depend on customers’ suppliers and how they pay their bills. The vast majority of those eligible, including many homes in rural areas, will receive the £200 payment automatically through their electricity supplier as a credit on their bill throughout February. Payments started on February 6, 2023. However, the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) said a small minority of customers, such as those living in park homes or on static houseboats with no direct energy supplier, will need to apply to receive the payment through an online portal that will launch later this month. Those on the gas grid but without a gas connection who are using alternative fuels as their main heating source will also likely need to take this route. READ MORE: Savings account that 'hardly anyone knows about' offers 50% bonus rate  However, ministers are warning households should stay vigilant to scams in light of these payments, as fraudsters have been seizing the opportunity to target hard-up Britons with fraudulent offers of utility discounts and support payments. A statement from the BEIS reads: “Only to enter their details on the Government’s gov.uk website, which will provide all official communications, if applying for support. “No one will be asked for information by any individual or organisation prior to this or outside of the portal. “Those that require additional help when applying for support may wish to seek assistance from a family member or trusted friend.” DON'T MISS: Two million people could save £47 a month on their energy bills [EXPLAINED]Virgin Money increases interest on fixed cash ISA to 4% [INSIGHT]Millions of Brits 'condemned to poverty' if retirement age is raised [ANALYSIS]    Graham Stuart, minister for energy and climate, said: “I am determined to see households and businesses of all stripes protected from global pressures this winter – whether that’s those living in a houseboat, park home or operating a rural hospital or school. “That’s why we are kicking off payments of £200 to households using alternative fuel to heat their homes today - while businesses and organisations using alternative fuels will receive a boost of £150 in the coming weeks.” These schemes form part of a suite of energy bill support launched by the Government for domestic and non-domestic customers across the UK over winter. READ MORE: The energy providers offering up £250 free credit to households  The energy price guarantee, which came into effect on October 1, 2022, is said to be saving a typical UK household £900 by reducing the unit cost of electricity and gas, while the Energy Bills Support Scheme provides a further £400 off electricity bills through a monthly discount of £66 or £67. This means the average family is saving £1,300 altogether while more vulnerable households have received £800 on top of that through the cost of living payments - making a £2,100 saving. Wider and more localised support is also available via the Household Support Fund. Now in its third phase, the fund has been extended to March 2023 to help vulnerable Britons with surging living costs. Each local council is allocated a portion of the Household Support Fund, and people can find out if and what their local councils are offering by visiting the respective local websites. Each council will have its own eligibility criteria.  On top of this, a number of energy suppliers are also offering help on an individual basis, including British Gas, Shell, and Scottish Power. The firms offer those who are eligible support to help clear energy debts - some up to £1,500. The Government also has a number of additional schemes in place to help with soaring energy bills such as the Warm Home Discount, Cold Weather Payments, Winter Fuel Payment and Cost of Living Payments to name a few. Britons are being urged to check which additional support they may be eligible to claim, as thousands are thought to be missing out on billions of pounds worth of benefits every year. 