Carl Fogarty, 57, appeared nervous as he revealed his reaction to Love Island’s latest recoupling, with his daughter Claudia facing tense moments. The former motorcycle racer was on the edge of his seat as he begged Claudia’s love interest, Casey O'Gorman, to “pick her”. In a video aired during Sunday's episode of After Sun, Carl could be heard saying: “Pick her, I know you want to.” Once Casey voiced his decision to continue getting to know Claudia, Carl appeared visibly relieved and put up his fist in a sign of victory. Carl’s daughter, Claudia, is a 24-year-old who runs clothing boutique Storm Fashion with her sister Danielle. On Instagram, she usually shares pictures of her stunning home or pieces from her shop's collection, with her 20,000 followers. As with all Love Island stars, this is bound to rise once she features on the hit show. However, she may be used to living life in the limelight as the daughter of the famous former motorcycle racer. He is one of the most successful World Superbike racers of all time and holds the second highest record for number of race wins at 59. But his achievements are not limited to the racing world, as in 2014 he was crowned King of the Jungle in I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! Carl "Foggy" Fogarty beat both X Factor's Jake Quickenden and TV presenter Melanie Sykes to the crown, leaving many surprised. Ahead of Claudia’s introduction in the villa, an insider told The Sunday Sun: "Claudia is ready to strut into the villa imminently. "She’s classy, beautiful and well-educated and is set to have all the boys fighting over her. "Her life might be glamorous but family means everything to her and she’d love to meet the man of her dreams and settle down. DON'T MISS...Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [INTERVIEW]Anne Hathaway leaves little to the imagination in see-through dress [PICTURES]Amanda Holden cheekily flashes legs in skimpy pink skirt for birthday [LATEST] “But she’s promised not to be too raunchy, to save Dad’s blushes." In the latest recoupling, presenter Maya Jama gave contestants the opportunity to either stick or switch for the new Casa Amor arrivals. When it came down to Kai Fagan, who was in a couple with Olivia Hawkins, he decided to swap and recouple with Casa Amor contestant Sanam Harrinanan, resulting in more tension among those present. Revealing he hoped Olivia had decided to make the same decision, he was relieved when she walked through the door with Maxwell Samuda. Although she seemed scathing at Kai as she blasted: “It’s very telling, it’s very telling. I can’t say I’m shocked. “Missing me already? Clearly not enough, his loss, my gain.” Love Island continues Sunday to Friday at 9pm on ITV2.