Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is set to remain in Italy following Spurs' 1-0 defeat to AC Milan in the Champions League as he continues his recovery from gallbladder surgery. Assistant Cristian Stellini will reassume first-team duties in the meantime with the 53-year-old set to miss the weekend's match with West Ham as a minimum. Conte underwent surgery to remove his gallbladder in his home country at the start of the month and was missing from the touchline as the club beat Manchester City 1-0 at home. He defied doctors' orders to return to England last Wednesday and was present on the sidelines for the defeats against Leicester and AC Milan. He underwent a routine post-operation check while back in his homeland following the Champions League encounter and it has now been decided that he will remain at home instead meaning he will not be present in north London on Sunday. Stellini will take up first-team duties again in his absence. A statement released via the Tottenham Twitter account read: "Following a routine post-operation check in Italy yesterday, Antonio Conte will remain at his family home to recover from his recent surgery."Health is the most important consideration and everyone at the Club wishes him well. Cristian Stellini will assume First Team duties." READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Key figures 'jealous of Tottenham' as Qatar lead race Ahead of Tuesday's match in Milan, Conte had admitted that he had defied doctors' orders to return to the touchline feeling a sense of duty to the club and his players. “The doctor’s recommendation is to stay calm for 15 days,” he explained. “He had advised me not to return, but you have a sense of responsibility that you want to stay every moment with your players, to breathe the environment in every situation. “I’m trying to manage it in the best way, certainly during the match, I can’t let the players hear me as much as I would like. Now I’m feeling much better than before." DON'T MISSChelsea embarrassed as three stars flop vs Dortmund to pile pressure on PotterAguero addresses 'internal problems' at Man City after Guardiola axed De BruyneChelsea told they've signed a new Fabregas as key quality pointed out   “I’m not still 100 per cent but I think I’m recovering well, it’s very important for me to stay with the team, work with them and try to stay together in a difficult moment for us. Because in the last period, we were not so lucky, because of three surgeries — for me and two surgeries for the players. “In the last seven days, we had four serious injuries. For this season, I think staying together is very important and trying to create the right spirit, to help each other much more than before to work together and overcome this difficult period.” It is unclear how long it will be until Conte returns to the dugout again with his full focus now on his recovery. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 