Chelsea have reportedly been offered the chance to form a partnership with French outfit Bordeaux as a feeder club, with Todd Boehly said to be looking for subsidiaries in order to further the club's transfer ambitions. The Blues have been the Premier League's biggest spenders by quite some distance over the last two transfer windows, splashing a combined total of around £323million on new players in January alone. Their aggressive recruitment strategy lacks the presence of a feeder club as things stand but it seems as though Chelsea are looking to follow the likes of Manchester City in building up a multi-club network over the coming months. They have already been offered Bordeaux as a starting point, although other French sides could be targeted by the Blues in the not-too-distant future, according to journalist Romain Molina.He said in a video on his YouTube channel: "Chelsea is looking for subsidiaries, mainly in France. They have even been offered Bordeaux. It is not the only club that has been offered to them. Dijon has been approached by another English club."Chelsea recently enlisted the services of sporting director Christopher Vivell, who previously worked within the Red Bull network of clubs and would be a shrewd asset in helping to build a new system involving the Blues over the next few years. However, it remains to be seen whether anything will come of Bordeaux being offered to the west Londoners or if another club will be the first to join the revolution at Stamford Bridge in due course. JUST IN: Leeds could hire another Marcelo Bielsa in the form of Arne Slot Boehly, meanwhile, has already underlined his interest in cultivating a multi-club model at Chelsea in order to make the most of their esteemed youth academy by aiding the development paths of their best young players."I think there’s different countries where there’s advantages to having a club, Red Bull have Salzburg and Leipzig in the Champions League," explained Boehly at the SALT Conference in New York last year. "I want to continue building out the footprint. I think there’s different countries where there’s advantages to having a club. We know people and human capital, we understand game plans and strategies."We’re not expecting to be the football experts to find the best talent, we are going to put those people in place. The challenge that Chelsea has, when you have 18, 19, 20-year-old superstars, you can loan them out to clubs, but you put their development in someone else’s hands." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.