NCIS has been keeping its fans on their toes for two decades with special guest stars, intriguing investigations and plenty of drama. Jimmy Palmer (played by Brian Dietzen) has been there for almost all of it, having worked on the team since season one, episode 21, Split Decision. As time has gone, actor Dietzen's career on the CBS police procedural has also developed behind the camera as well. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.NCIS star Brian Dietzen took to Instagram this weekend to share that he co-wrote the upcoming episode of the international drama. He reshared a post from NCIS' account onto his own Instagram stories, along with the caption: "New episode Monday (co-written by me!)" The original post shared a picture of the Jimmy Palmer star standing alongside executive producer Scott Williams, who was his writing partner for NCIS season 20's Old Wounds. This will be the 14th episode in the latest series, airing on Monday, February 13, on CBS. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star Sharing the update, the NCIS account's post read: "You're in for a real treat this Monday because an all-NEW #NCIS co-written by Brian Dietzen and Scott Williams is in your future. Are you ready for this one?" Of course, fans were thrilled to see Brietzen do his magic behind the camera again. Follower @donnamoskal wrote: "I am honestly so excited!!" and @drawings.ncisandmore stated: "Got my gear ready, can't wait for the action." A third fan added: "How did I not already know this? So exciting!"  Many fans also expressed their support for Dietzen who has been in the drama since its very early days. "Brian has written a few others that have been very good. Not bad for our autopsy gremlin!", a follower said. Another commented: "Really proud of Brian, one of 3 original cast members left. From autopsy grinlyn to writer" This will be the second episode that Dietzen has co-written after helping bring season 19's The Helper to life last year. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored  [SPOILER]NCIS LA's Eric Christian Olsen 'overwhelmed' as he talks new project [UPDATE]Eric Christian Olsen describes himself as '100% Norwegian' [CAST] The Helper introduced fans to Jimmy's daughter Victoria Palmer (Elle Graper) for the first time since she was a baby. He brought her to work for the day when he and Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) were exposed to a deadly biotoxin. It was up to the team to try and find them the antidote before it was too late and fans were touched by some emotional scenes between Jimmy and Victoria. The second of Dietzen's co-written episodes will instead focus on Agent Alden Parker (Gary Cole). The synopsis for Old Wounds reads: "Parker grapples with his emotions when a conman from his past turns up as a prime suspect in the murder of a navy officer transporting millions of dollars’ worth of opioids." Earlier this year, Dietzen celebrated the show receiving record-breaking viewer ratings for the franchise's three-hour special with NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS Hawaii. Taking to Twitter, he wrote: "Thank you to everyone who watched the #NCISCrossover last night! It was a blast to film, and I hope you all enjoyed it as much as we did!" NCIS season 20 continues every Monday on CBS in the USA.