The Good Morning Britain host was on hand to deliver the latest entertainment news. He caught up with Pedro Pascal, star of The Mandalorian, to talk about his success in the Disney+ series as well as HBO hit The Last of Us. Unfortunately, things didn't go to plan. Richard Arnold was mortified when he made a rather embarrassing slip-up live on air. Richard remarked: "I chatted with the man of the moment who is currently also starring in the phenomenal hit The Last of Us, which we love. "So I talked to him about his sex..." Ben Shephard cut in and asked: "What? Oh what? What?" READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Embarrassed, a red-faced Richard covered his face with his hands and turned away from the camera. Eventually he turned back and clarified: "His success! On the telly! There's an Auntie's blooper if ever there was one. Let's just roll the tape." GMB viewers then got the chance to hear from Pedro who was at the opening of The Forge, a Mandalorian pop-up at Piccadilly in London. Richard wasn't the only presenter who had his head in his hands on Thursday morning. Earlier in the show, Ben was seen covering his face after Kate Garraway joked about her body. The pair were discussing Sam Smith's inflatable outfit at the BRIT Awards, when Kate insisted she'd suit it. Kate began: "It's fantastic because yesterday Ben, you weren't here but Richard Arnold was talking about London Fashion Week and some of the extraordinary things." DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [VIDEO]Ed Balls staggered as GMB guest makes brutal dig about his weight [WATCH]Laura Tobin's appearance distracts GMB viewers as she makes ITV return [REACTION] As a video of Sam Smith wearing a black inflatable suit was shown, Ben was keen to get answers their outfit. "Can I just ask, because you were there, can you remember everything. Is it inflatable? Has someone pumped them up with a bicycle pump?" Ben asked. Kate clarified: "I can remember it all, I was sober as a judge. Yeah, inflatable trousers. "I just think it's fantastic because I've got my own natural inflation." As the GMB host made a comment about her own body, Ben giggled and had his head in his hands. "I just think for me, what Sam Smith as wearing, is what my legs look like," Kate continued. "So all I have to do is wear tight PVC." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.