   Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas, 62, currently appears to be having a ball on tour with the live show, after a tough year saw her face backlash from BBC viewers over her judging decisions. The star appeared to be in fits of hysterics yesterday, however, after pro dancer Kai Widdrington, 27, and actor Will Mellor, 46, mercilessly mocked her backstage.      Taking to Twitter yesterday, Shirley shared the hilarious exchange in view of her 91,800 followers. Shirley, who was sitting in her makeup share, could be seen signalling the dance moves as she said, “five, six, seven, eight.” While Kai stood behind her imitating the star, but moving in the opposite direction, telling her: “In, out.” “My mistake,” Shirley said in a mock serious tone, as Kai shook his head in a similarly serious tone, joking: “It’s ok, come on.” “Do you know what’s a shame?” Will then chimed in. “It’s a shame you haven’t got them little shoes, Kai, to show her where she’s going wrong.” READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz's ex Ben Ofoedu breaks silence on split     At this, the star burst out laughing, as Will continued: “You know the ones you get out on Strictly for us lot. “Go get so shoes, they’ll show you where you went wrong Shirley!” he quipped as the Strictly judge continued to roar with laughter. After that, Shirley shared a highlight reel from their time on the Strictly tour, which was put together by Harry Surplus. “Another fabulous week last week on the @SCD_Live_Tour,” Shirley captioned the post.     “What a tour it has been. Had a great time in Newcastle, Sheffield and London. “We’re in the final few shows now. It has been fun fun fun,” she added, tagging Harry. (sic) Professional dancer Shirley, who is nicknamed the “The Queen of Latin”, has been a judge on Strictly since While the star has previously described the show as one of the “best” experiences of her professional career, it has also been a somewhat tough year for Shirley. READ MORE... Madonna fires back at ‘ageist’ comments about Grammys appearance [NEWS] Sadie Frost talks 'moving on' from Primrose Hill set with ex Jude Law [NEWS] Amanda Holden told she 'looks like a 25-year-old' in lingerie pics [PICTURE]      Last year, she faced a lot of backlash online for her judging style, with some BBC fans taking to social media to slam her remarks. The star was accused of “sexism” during the show, which her representatives strongly denied, and she was eventually forced to respond to the “hurtful” criticism. Early on in the competition, she came under fire after choosing to save Richie Anderson instead of Fleur East, who went on to dance in the Strictly final. Her fellow judges had unanimously selected Fleur and her partner Vito Coppola as the most technically proficient couple, but Shirley disagreed.       While she was overruled, some viewers disagreed with her so strongly that there were calls for the judge to be removed from the show. Eventually, Shirley addressed the backlash on Twitter, writing: “I have received many apologies over the weekend regarding hurtful messages I’ve received on social media. “All apologies are accepted and from now on let’s all respect each other and enjoy the show. Love to you all.” The Strictly Come Dancing Live Tour is currently travelling around the country.     