A father has lost custody of his five-year-old daughter, after using his Amazon Alexa to babysit her while he went to the pub. The 30-year-old man "willingly left his daughter at home" to sleep while he "went to a string of pubs" in Powys at around 8pm on August 13 last year, a court heard this week. Police learned about the dad's negligence after arresting him on suspicion of strangling his girlfriend at the end of the night. They discovered he was using the Alexa phone app to monitor the child after they were called to his house in the early hours of August 14. At approximately 2am, neighbours alerted the police because they heard screaming coming from the garden. PC Phillip Coombs arrived at 2.10am to find the pair in a row before he had to "separate" the two.   Prosecutor Stephen Davies told Llandrindod Wells Magistrates Court: "The female had been drinking on the day and he was with her. She went out about 8pm as did he. The child was left in the flat. "They went to a number of pubs and she says she can’t remember anything until he was strangling her. She doesn’t recall how she got home. "The police were called and marks were noticed on her neck. She said the child had been left in the house for a short period of time." Davies said the defendant and his girlfriend had known each other for roughly seven months prior to the incident.   "When he was later interviewed he stated he had grabbed the victim by the throat. He told her to shut up and that she needed to calm down," he added. "He said he'd left his daughter at home, but had an Alexa camera app on his phone to monitor her snoring." The man’s defence lawyer, Gareth Walters, said he was a "young man of previous good character". He pleaded guilty to intentional strangulation and child neglect and is said to be aware his parenting had slipped. Walters added: "The consequences of this will be felt by him for a long time. His daughter has been taken away and it was largely him who cared for her.    "He felt he was keeping an eye on his daughter but he realises you can't do that remotely. "There was some effort by him to keep an eye on her but he knows the standards fell below what is expected of a parent." He was given a suspended 12-month sentence.