Detectives probing the deaths of a headteacher, her husband, and their seven-year-old daughter are treating the tragedy as a double murder and suicide. Police believe that Emma Pattison was shot dead by her husband, before he killed their daughter, and then killed himself with the same gun.  The bodies of Mrs Pattison and her seven-year-old daughter Lettie were found on the grounds of Epsom College in the early hours of Sunday morning, alongside the body of her husband George. Mrs Pattison reportedly contacted a close relative on Saturday evening with concerns about her husband, and when the relative arrived at their home they found them all dead. A firearm licensed to Mr Pattison, 39, was recovered from the scene but Surrey Police said the cause of death would not be confirmed until post-mortem examinations have been completed later this week. Surrey Police said it had been in contact with Mr Pattison last Thursday about his shotgun licence after he notified officers of a change in address. Because of this contact the force has made a self-referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct. The force added the firing range at the school did not form part of the crime scene and was not a line of inquiry in the investigation. A Surrey Police spokesperson said: ""We had contact with George on Thursday February 2 after he notified us of a previous change of address, as is routine. "Due to the short period of time between that contact and this incident, we have made a referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct." "The IOPC said it is assessing the information available to decide if any further action is necessary.    Surrey Police is carrying out an investigation to establish the full chronology and circumstances of the incident. At this stage, officers are confident there is no third-party involvement and there is no wider threat or risk to the community. Detective Chief Inspector Kimball Edey, senior investigating officer on the case, said: "This is an incredibly traumatic incident and we are working around the clock to investigate and understand the exact circumstances which led to this point. "We understand the public concern and upset, and we will clarify what we can, when we can, while respecting the right to a level of privacy for the families of those who have lost their lives. "We are cooperating fully with the IOPC in relation to the referral we have made, and we await the outcome of its assessment of what further action may be required. Until this has been completed, we will be unable to provide further details on a number of matters." Inspector Jon Vale, Epsom and Ewell’s Borough Commander, said: “I know this incident has caused upset and sent shockwaves through the local community. "Although we are confident that this incident was contained to one address, and there is no risk to the wider public I fully understand the concern this can and has caused members of our communities. "Therefore, the public can expect to see a heightened police presence in the local area in the coming days. "If you are concerned about anything at all I’d urge you to approach an officer and discuss your concerns with them. They will be ready and happy to help you however they can. “I would like to send my continued thanks to the school and our public for their understanding while the investigation progresses.”  READ MORE: Sunak's reshuffle is a sign of weakness with Boris and Truss prowling  Mrs Pattison joined the £42,000-a-year private school as headteacher in September. She was previously the head of Croydon High School in south London and deputy head of St John’s School Leatherhead. A mother whose daughter attends Croydon High School said Ms Pattison "turned the school around" during her time. Speaking to BBC News she described her as "formidable" adding that the incident was "an utter shock and tragedy".  Mrs Pattison lived with her husband George, a chartered accountant who was director of a management consultancy firm called Tanglewood 2016, and her daughter Lettie on the school grounds. Just a month after joining the private college she tweeted in celebration of Epsom College winning Independent School of the Year 2022. In a podcast she did with some of the pupils at the college in December she described how her family had been through big changes recently. She said: "In terms of transition, it's been a really big change for my family. "We've moved house, we've bought a dog. I've got a new job, my husband has got a new job. "That wasn't meant to happen, but it did, and my daughter has started a new school so there's been a lot of change for us as a family." Mr Pattison, who was born in Kingston, Jamaica, ran his own chartered accountancy business and often worked from home. He started Tanglewood 2016 Ltd in October of that year, having previously been a director of Rees Charles Capital Limited.   DON'T MISSMeghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok  [WATCH]13 claims 'older woman' Sasha Walpole has made about Harry's virginity [REPORT]Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter [OPINION]  Epsom College's chair of the board of governors, Dr Alastair Wells, said the school is in "utter shock and disbelief" at the "tragic news". He added: “Our immediate thoughts and condolences are with Emma’s family, friends and loved ones, and to the many pupils and colleagues whose lives she enriched throughout her distinguished career. “Emma was a wonderful teacher, but most of all she was a delightful person. In time we will commemorate Emma and her family, in the appropriate way, and in line with the wishes of her family. “But for now, we ask that we are all given the time, space and respect we need to come to terms with this tragic loss.”  Epsom College and Croydon High School are both part of the Girls' Day School Trust. The trust's chief executive Cheryl Giovannoni said: "We are immensely shocked and saddened by the news of the death of Emma Pattison, her daughter Lettie and her husband George. "Our thoughts are with their family at this time, as well as everyone at Croydon High School, and Epsom College, which Emma joined as Head in September 2022. "Emma was a much loved and respected member of the GDST community, as well as a talented Head and teacher and a dear friend to many of us. "She touched the lives of all of us with her energy, wisdom and kindness during her six years as Head of Croydon High School and the school will always bear the legacy of her inspiring leadership. "We are taking time to support staff and students at Croydon High School as well as everyone in the GDST family, and their wellbeing will be our priority in the coming days." Changes were made to gun licensing systems in the wake of shooting tragedies in Plymouth and West Sussex with new digital markers put in place to flag up to GPs relevant medical changes in patients with firearms licences. In August 2021 Jake Davison killed his mother Maxine Davison, 51, three-year-old Sophie Martyn, her father, Lee, 43, Stephen Washington, 59, and Kate Shepherd, 66, in Keyham, Plymouth, just weeks after having his pump-action shotgun and certificate returned by police. While in March 2020 Robert Needham, 42, killed his partner Kelly Fitzgibbons, 40, and two daughters Ava and Lexi Needham, four and two, before turning the gun on himself at their home in Woodmancote.  The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org. 