Throughout the ITV series Endeavour, Morse (played by Shaun Evans) and Joan Thursday (Sara Vickers) have had an ongoing will-they, won’t-they relationship. However, before the final series begins tonight, Shaun explained Endeavour and Joan's "ship has sailed" after the detective's love got engaged to Det Sgt Jim Strange (Sean Rigby). The actor began: "Joan and Endeavour...there is a hopefulness and optimism to Endeavour when he returns to Oxford at the start of this final series. "It’s that thing in life, which I hope we’ve captured across the series if you think things are going to go on forever. But they don’t. "That’s also reflected in this job, it’s easy to think things go on and on and on, but they don’t. "Things end, relationships end, jobs end, life ends. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis "So when we come back and meet Endeavour at the beginning of this series there’s a scene where he reaches out to Joan. "And as he is reaching out in what is new territory for him he realises it is too late." He went on to add: "That ship has sailed.” Series nine of Endeavour will see lead detectives, Morse and Fred Thursday (Roger Allam) playing out their last scenes together. Both actors have previously admitted filming their final scenes was "emotional" for everyone involved. “Final episodes are always very difficult," the Endeavour Morse star explained. "You can’t please all of the people all of the time. "What we wanted to do was to end Endeavour in a way that was fitting to all of the enormous work we had put into it over the last 10 years and also to all of the huge support we have had every year from the audience. "To not leave anybody feeling short-changed. To leave people feeling emotionally satisfied." DON'T MISS...Father Brown star Mark Williams admits he made fan cry  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [REACTION]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [SPOILERS] He said the grand finale was also a "thank you" to all of the loyal fans that stuck with them "over the past number of years". "To honour and respect that," Shaun pointed out. So it’s all of those things. “Also for it to feel irreconcilable, and for to feel closed, in terms of we won’t be seeing Joan and Thursday again. "We will see Morse and Strange again ‘later on’ in Inspector Morse but they will be very different versions of themselves." "But our story is at its end," the actor concluded. Roger Allam recently opened up to Ranvir Singh about the ITV series coming to an end, hinting a death for Fred could be on the cards. He said: "The mystery has always been for the fans, why John Thaw's Morse never mentions a man called Fred Thursday." "So, there has to be some kind of explanation of that," he told the host before adding: "A final parting of the ways, possibly even a death." Endeavour airs tonight at 8pm on ITV.