Prince Harry should be allowed to have police protection when he travels to the UK but he must pay for it himself, according to the results of a YouGov poll. Since Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stepped down as working royals in 2020 they have no longer been entitled to security provided by the state. More than half of poll respondents said the prince should have protection, but 37 percent said he must provide it himself. Over a quarter - 28 percent said he should not have any police protection at all. YouGov surveyed 2584 people on February 20, asking the question, 'Do you believe Prince Harry should or should not be entitled to police protection when in Britain?' The Duke of Sussex launched a legal battle against the Home Office after his right to security was withdrawn, a case which has cost the taxpayer almost £300,000 so far. He has insisted that his family will need constant protection when they are in the UK, even though at formal occasions and Frogmore Cottage security is already automatically in place. John O'Connor, a former commander at Scotland Yard, told The Sun: "To expect protection provided by the state is arrogant and irrational. "It is only vanity anyway. He only wants protection because he thinks his importance is downgraded without it." Express.co.uk has confirmed the Sussexes will be invited to King Charles's Coronation on May 6, although it is not yet known if they will attend. READ MORE: Prince Andrew could receive a payout if he's evicted from Royal Lodge  If the couple do choose to attend, it will be their first appearance at a royal occasion since the release of their Netflix series and Harry's autobiography Spare, which made a number of damaging claims against the Firm. However the King is said to be concerned that their absence might be more conspicuous than their presence. The date of the Coronation, May 6, also falls on the same day as their son Archie's fourth birthday, another possible dilemma for Harry and Meghan. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan face 'challenge' over royal gossip, says commentator [LATEST]Kate's hugging spree is 'orchestrated' attempt to prove Meghan wrong [REVEAL]Harry's claim he had no access to Queen after Megxit is 'nonsense' [SPOTLIGHT] A friend of a couple told The Telegraph: "It’s complicated. There are a million different variables. Anybody could understand the predicament." Harry is aware it will be "pretty much the most important day" of his father's life, ahd has said he is keen to seek reconciliation with his family. It is thought invitations will be sent out within the next few days. The friend added: "They’ll cross that bridge when they come to it. They do not have any insight. They’re in limbo."