Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will most likely attend the Coronation later this year albeit in an strictly limited role, according to a royal expert. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Richard Fitzwilliams said conversation between Royal Family members and the Sussexes will be "kept to the weather", as he believes the Firm "can't trust the Sussexes for a moment". "We do know they are going to be invited, that does seem to be so. As to whether or not they'll come the answer is probably yes because, remember, they only get their work because they're royals," argues Mr Fitzwilliams. "As a result, they have to be seen to be involved in some form. I would think other members of the family will keep discussions with them to the weather. We know the background to this and it is not a happy one." However, just because Meghan and Harry attend the Coronation, doesn't mean they will have much of a role to play. In fact, Mr Fitzwilliams believes their attendance will be similar to that of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee when the Sussexes were seen but not present at key events such as standing on the Buckingham Palace balcony with the rest of the royals. The commentator added: "Exactly like at the Platinum Jubilee, their role will be strictly controlled and they won't have much of a role. The Palace know what they are dealing with and who they are dealing with - there's no chance at all that they will overshadow the event."  Royal watchers have voiced concern over what the Sussexes might do in the months leading up to the Coronation, wondering whether there will be any more public moves following Prince Harry's whirlwind interview circuit and the release of his memoir Spare. Mr Fitzwilliams added that "unity" was central to the Coronation, which is likely why King Charles invited Meghan and Harry to attend. "Unity at the time of the Coronation will be paramount. The royals couldn't hit back to the various allegations and so forth. It's a matter of of saying nothing and letting comments, however outrageous, pass but realising you can't trust the Sussexes for a moment," he said. READ MORE: Americans united over 'cringeworthy' Harry and Meghan after South Park  King Charles's Coronation will take place on May 6. The event has a 2,000 strong guest list including overseas royals, dignitaries and world leaders. Previously, Express.co.uk revealed that the Sussexes would be invited to the event but it's not clear if they have yet received the invitation or whether they will accept it. May 6 is also the fourth birthday of Meghan and Harry's son Archie. Some royal watchers have said this might give Meghan a reason to stay home while Prince Harry attends his fathers Coronation. Although King Charles became monarch as soon as his mother Queen Elizabeth II died in September last year, the occasion formalises the change of his titles and powers as well as his position as head of the Church of England. 