Many F1 fans have been left dissatisfied by Red Bull's W19 car reveal due to its similarities to the 2022 double championship-winning W18. Red Bull launched their 2023 model in New York City this afternoon, garnering a vastly polarising reaction on social media.  Team principal Christian Horner headlined the unveiling by announcing that Ford were returning to F1 for the first time in 22 years to part-fund the next-gen hybrid power unit for the new regulations.  Red Bull Powertrains' partnership with Ford will commence in 2026, and they will also supply sister team AlphaTauri.  Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez were present to help showcase the W19, which they hope will dominate the grid just as the W18 did last year.  But plenty of fans who tuned into the live stream and kept updated on social media aren't happy with the new livery.  In response to the reveal, unhappy fans have aimed memes and messages of discontent toward Red Bull for the W19's similarities to last year's car. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing! @Alexmitton10 tweeted: "For some reason, I dream of a new livery new year, and every year I'm let down." @WorkTheSpace seemingly sarcastically said: "Massive credit to the designers. Really pushed the boat out this year." @Rafy_Fish bemoaned: "My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined." @hazcraig16 wrote: "You could've saved time by just retweeting last year's launch photo." @RYUUSEIBOYV2 complained but added a positive point: "Every year, we gather and think maybe they will change something or add another detail, but we are fooled every time. Not that it matters. It still looks cool tho." DON'T MISS: Daniel Ricciardo 'envious' of Verstappen as he takes up Red Bull role  Red Bull fans will have been more pleased with the announcement that they will have the opportunity to design bespoke liveries for the races in the USA throughout the 2023 season. A judging panel will select the winning livery created by a fan for Red Bull to use in Miami, Austin and Las Vegas. Those unhappy with the current design will be optimistic that Red Bull can make changes before the W19 hits the track for pre-season testing in Bahrain as expected. Williams are the next team to launch their 2023 car, with an online unveiling set for Monday. Want the latest news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here