Actor Tom, 45, is best known for his roles in Casualty, Waterloo Road and Holby City. His return to Father Brown sees the star reprising his role as Inspector Sullivan as he continues to crack cases in the sleepy village of Kembleford. With the star coming back to the BBC show after a number of years, Father Brown fans are curious to know more about his life away from the cameras. Tom is married to Clare Harding, who is a TV researcher and crew member, counting credits on My Father, the Genius, Fifi and the Flowertots, and The Child Star Jinx. The pair exchanged vows in 2008 with the couple knowing each other when they were younger. After years of being out of touch and calling off their early romance, the duo later reunited in 2006. Clare survived a car accident while Tom avoided death after his aeroplane was hijacked. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food This life-or-death moment pushed Tom to get back in touch with Clare in the hopes of rekindling their romance. He previously said about his wife: “I knew when I first saw Clare she was The One. It hit me like a thunderbolt. “I told my mum, ‘I’ve just met the girl I’m going to marry’,” he added to The Mirror. Tom and Clare went to the same school in Repton, Derbyshire which is where they got hitched. In the interview, Tom also said how he’d told his beau Clare he would “come back here in seven years and marry you” after their first date. Clare was said to have not been shocked by his bold statement but instead agreed and told him: “I think that too.” Despite the distance, the years and the pair going on with their lives and dating other people, they kept in touch. He said: “We had this vague understanding that we would pick up again one day, but, in the meantime, we would see other people. “I wonder now if we were setting ourselves some sort of unspoken challenge: seeing if there was anyone out there who could compare.” After reuniting, it was like nothing had changed for them with the couple finally together. Their wedding was moved due to Tom’s Strictly Come Dancing commitments at the time. Initially, his wife-to-be was against changing the dates of their nuptials for the BBC series. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [THEORY]Happy Valley viewers blast 'disappointing' finale [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT] But she later changed her mind after she realised the pride her grandparents felt about ratings hit Strictly. In fact, Tom’s Strictly professional partner Camilla Dallerup helped to choreograph his first dance with Clare following their wedding ceremony. Tom told the Daily Mail in 2008: “She taught us one brilliant lift - we've got a picture of it, and it's just mental!” The couple are said to have three children and this year marks their 15th wedding anniversary. Father Brown season 10 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is available to watch as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer