That’s because, despite the truth of the idea that prison works – while they are inside murderers, muggers, rapists and thieves cannot murder, mug, rape or steal from the rest of us – there remains a bizarre notion among elements of the justice system that the higher the prison population, the greater the failing of the justice system.  The reality, however, is the other way around: it is only by increasing the prison population that we stand any chance of properly tackling crime. Over the weekend an all-too-typical story emerged – that for- mer British airways pilot Robert Brown may soon be released from prison, having served just 13 years for killing his wife, Joanna. Brown was sentenced to 26 years for her manslaughter but the sentence from a judge rarely ever bears any relation to the actual time a convict spends in prison. Brown’s possible release has led to his victim’s mother pleading with Justice Secretary Dominic Raab to intervene. He says he will look at the possible parole “very rigorously”. But appalling as it would be that a vicious killer such as Brown could be out so soon – he bludgeoned his wife with a claw hammer while their two young children cowered in fear – it is not in the least bit surprising. This is typical of how our justice system works. Since 2010 criminals have been convicted of nearly 700 murders while out on probation. Indeed, 129 criminals who had been handed a life sentence were later sentenced to a second life sentence for another such crime, almost all of which were murders or rapes. Some of these were committed in prison; some when evidence emerged of a crime committed before the one for which they were convicted. But the vast majority were committed after they were released early from prison. Prison works not just because the rest of us are protected from these people but because when the system is operating properly, it acts as a deterrent. But the opposite is no less true. When imprisonment is not operating properly, the deterrent effect is not merely non-existent: the absence of serious custodial sentences can lead to an increase in crime because the message is that the law can be broken with impunity. Take the epidemic in knife crime. Recent figures show that the number of knife killings is at the highest level since records began in 1946. Knives were used in 282 killings in the year to March 2022, which is 19 percent higher than the previous year. Knives were used in four out of 10 killings in England and Wales. Tragically, teenagers are more likely to be killed by a knife than any other age group. This is just fatalities. The prevalence of knives for muggings and other street crime is horriffc almost everywhere – but almost out of control in London. Just this past fortnight, for example, my son’s school in a leafy suburb has twice had to write to parents about knifepoint muggings of pupils nearby, and a friend told me of how her 17-year-old son was mugged by a knife gang during daylight last week (thankfully he was physically unhurt). But none of this is remotely surprising because the message sent to teenagers is that it’s no big deal carrying a knife. no one actually says that, of course – teachers and others say the opposite. But if actions speak louder than words, inaction speaks even louder, and barely anyone convicted of a knife crime receives more than a rap over the knuckles. In the year to June 2022, just 29.9 percent of knife offenders (5,819) received a custodial sentence. Over that period recorded knife crimes surged eight percent to 49,991. Yet instead of responding to this rise by upping prison sentences, the number jailed fell compared with the previous year, when 30.7 percent of knife crimes led to prison. It is madness. And nothing much changes for repeat offenders, either. In the same period 3,865 over-18s were repeat knife crime offenders. Just 2,370 were jailed. We could hardly send a clearer message that it’s OK to carry knives if we put it on billboards. All the talk about the evils of knives or drugs or murder – or any crime – amounts to so much hot air when we ignore the fundamental point. Prison works. And Robert Brown should stay inside.