RB Leipzig boss Marco Rose has affirmed that Josko Gvardiol will be staying with the club next season. The sought-after defender has been strongly linked with a move at the end of this campaign, with Chelsea being one of the sides to show the most interest. He enjoyed another stellar night in an already packed yet young career when he scored the equaliser against Manchester City to level the Champions League Round of 16 tie. The game completely changed after half-time, and the introduction of Christopher Nkunku made a huge impact as he looked to get back to full fitness. A potential move to the Premier League is something the player himself has admitted he wants, with Chelsea one of the sides reportedly interested in a move. Rose however has claimed he has made the request to keep Gvardiol for next season, despite knowing his end goal. He said: "Josko Gvardiol will be a RB Leipzig player next season as well. I am the coach and I am asking for that. He is happy here. He said he wants to play in the Premier League, but he didn’t say when." Chelsea are likely to be back in the market for another defender when Thiago Silva eventually hangs up his boosts on what has been an illustrious career. They brought in Benoit Badiashile last month as one of their numerous January signings. The Frenchman has shown signs of being a promising defender, however, that has only really been the case when playing alongside Silva. Elsewhere, Christian Pulisic has returned to Chelsea training for the first time since suffering a knee injury in early January. The USMNT star has been sidelined since the start of the year after coming out worse in a challenge with Manchester City's John Stones. Pulisic suffered an injury to his knee to keep him out of action, ruling him out of a possible January move away from Stamford Bridge. Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly's spending spree last month meant Graham Potter has not been left short in his attacking options, with Joao Felix, Mykhailo Mudryk and Noni Madueke all arriving. The trio's signings have placed further doubt on Pulisic's future, with the 24-year-old's deal expiring in the summer. The American has contributed to only three goals this season and has found minutes on the field difficult to come by under both Thomas Tuchel and Potter. However, with less than five months remaining of his deal in England, the final stages of the 2022/23 campaign could prove to be telling in Pulisic's next career move.