Speaking in 2022, David Beckham admitted that he has loved cars since he was really young, specifically mentioning his father’s Ford Cortina and Ford Granda, saying they “seriously impressed” him at eight years old. As soon as the footballing legend turned 17, he said life was all about passing his driving test, adding “it was the first thing I really wanted to do”. Driving is a big part of the 47-year olds life, saying it is the one time where he can forget he is David Beckham. He said: “That’s one of the reasons I enjoy driving so much. Everyone’s like, ‘why don’t you get a driver?'. I like to drive. “I don’t like to be driven, ever, unless I’m going out for dinner and I might have a glass of wine. But that’s different,” he told GQ. He even took the step to teach his sons, Romeo, Brooklyn and Cruz, how to drive with one of his old Land Rovers. READ MORE: Drivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes He added: "One of my sons hasn’t passed his test yet and I was with him in the car the other day and I said to him, 'Just listen to it’. “We were in my old Land Rover. He said, ‘Dad, how do you know when you need to change gear?’ I said, ‘Just listen and you’ll know’. “That’s what I love. And I love to drive my old Defenders because of that interaction, you’re operating a piece of machinery." David Beckham’s old Ferrari 360 Spider is up for sale, with Ferrari fans and Beckham lovers alike being able to find the car on online marketplace PistonHeads. DON'T MISSLittle-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [WARNING]Petrol and diesel price checker could soon be introduced [IMPORTANT]UK 'needs to move rapidly' with rollout of electric car chargers [INSIGHT] An average Spider currently costs around £60,000, however, given the famous former owner and good condition of the vehicle, this is on the market for £110,000. The Ferrari 360 Spider was owned by Beckham 20 years ago, arguably when he was at the peak of his powers. Beckham owned the car in the early 2000s, with the Spider having been unveiled at the 1999 Geneva Motor Show. This coincided with the time of his iconic free kick against Greece, Manchester United winning the 2002/03 Premier League and being awarded an OBE in June 2003. READ MORE: Inside Cristiano Ronaldo's outrageous £17million car collection He then made his big-money move from Manchester United to Real Madrid where he cost the Galácticos approximately £25million - the equivalent of 227 of his Ferrari 360 Spiders. Having once been on his "D7 DVB" private reg, Beckham’s Ferrari is now back on an age-appropriate Y registration. Chassis number 125058 has seemingly been doted on its entire life, accruing a mere 7,900 miles since 2001. There, boasting Challenge-style wheels, a Tubi exhaust and carbon seats, an expensive option when new. Matt Bird, Deputy Editor of PistonHeads, said: “The condition, the mileage, and an A-list history makes this one of the more special 360s out there. Even those not so interested in the football link, and simply after one of the best Modenas out there, would struggle to do much better. And for those that are, what a story you’ll have to tell when someone asks about your Ferrari.” Last year, it was announced that David Beckham and Maserati would be teaming up for a new partnership. He said: “I’ve had a few classic cars over the years, though not a Maserati. There’s always been something about them I’ve liked, so I was excited when there was the possibility of a partnership. “The history and heritage matters to me, whether it’s countries, brands or businesses. Maserati really is trying to keep everything that’s great about the company and its history, while being innovative in a way that I really liked.”