Paris Hilton, 42, welcomed her first child by surrogate last month, and has now finally unveiled her son's mythical name. The influencer started dating husband Carter Reum in 2019, with the couple tying the knot in Los Angeles in November 2021. On her podcast, This Is Paris, the Hollywood star shared her son's full name, Phoenix Barron Hilton Reum. Paris revealed that she named her child in part for her late grandfather, Barron Heaton, while also sharing the hidden meaning. Phoenix is an immortal bird associated with Greek mythology and has become increasingly popular in recent years. Paris read an excerpt from her upcoming book, Paris: The Memoir, as she shared the big news on her podcast. READ MORE: Martin Lewis gushes about special anniversary for 'baby' She said: "If all goes well, by the time you read this, Carter and I will have a baby boy. "We plan to name him Phoenix, a name I decided on years ago when I was searching cities, countries and states on a map, looking for something to go with Paris and London. "Phoenix has a few good pop culture reference points, but more importantly it's the birth of flames out and then rising from the ashes to fly again. "I want my son to grow up knowing that disaster and triumph go around and come around throughout our lives and that this should give us great hope for the future. "Even when the past is painful and the present seems to have fallen to s**t, it's weird how two ideas that are so different, so completely opposite, can coexist like that. But they do. Freedom and suffering, joy and sorrow, love and loss. So his name is Phoenix Barron Hilton Reum." She then made sure to mention her late grandfather and what a "mentor" he was in her life. Paris concluded: "And his middle name is Barron after my grandfather Barron Hilton, he was always my mentor and I looked up to my grandfather so much and we were so close and I miss him every day so I really wanted to honour him by having his name in my first son's name. "So there you go, my beautiful baby boy's name is Phoenix Barron Hilton Reum and Carter and I are so proud to welcome him into the world." DON'T MISS... Jeremy Paxman attends A&E three times in 24 hours after 'chair attack' [LATEST] Jeremy Clarkson slams ambition as he hints at Meghan row consequences [COMMENT] Julia Fox flashes abs in barely-there top as she brings son to MFW [PICS]  Paris shocked many when she announced she had welcomed a baby via surrogate last month, with the heiress opting not to share she was about to become a mum for the first time. Speaking about her choice for privacy, Paris admitted: "Not even my mom, my sister, my best friends, no one knew literally until he was over a week old. "So it was really nice just to have that with Carter, be our own journey together. "Because I just feel my life has been so public and I've never really had anything just really be mine. "We were talking about it, I just really felt like I wanted to have this journey be us only. "Of course, it was hard to keep that in because we were so excited and wanted to tell our families.... No one knew until just recently." Paris previously spoke about her decision to keep her immediate family in the dark about her child until she was on the verge of announcing his birth. She told Harper's Bazaar: "I’ve never had anything for myself. We decided that we wanted to have this whole experience to ourselves. "I want to protect him and to be with him every second. You have this mother instinct that kicks in, which I've never had before."