Amanda Owen is appearing in her own More4 series called Extraordinary Farming Lives. The Our Yorkshire Farm star is getting on with everyday live at Ravenseat Farm after her split from Clive. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what Clive is doing now. Fans were heartbroken when they heard Our Yorkshire Farm would be coming to an end after four years on screens. However, they enjoy reminiscing over family live at Ravenseat whilst watching repeat episodes of the escapist series. Amanda and her ex-husband Clive have raised their nine children on the farm and they are happy to get stuck in when it comes to work. Amanda and Clive announced their split in June 2022 and Amanda has updated viewers on her current living situation. READ MORE: Amanda Owen's family now as they reflect on Our Yorkshire Farm Whilst speaking to Lorraine Kelly about her new series, it was revealed Clive had been living on a neighbouring farm. He is still co-parenting with Amanda and helping to raise their children who continue to live at Ravenseat. Amanda said: "We all have to get on. There's a lot to deal with as we have the land to manage, the animals to manage, childcare and everything else. "So yeah, we just have to get on with it." She explained he was content with the current situation but still needed to take some time away for herself. She added: "Every morning, even if I am going to be out feeding the sheep, I take a little bit of self-care for five minutes. "I put moisturiser on and a little bit of mascara and it makes you feel better about yourself." Amanda is on Instagram and she has been keeping fans up to date with her latest ventures. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen suffers ratings blow with new show Amanda Owen left feeling 'helpless' in aftermath of 'devastation' Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles She shared an exciting update as her eldest child Raven returned to the farm to offer a helping hand. In her latest post, she said: "Raven is back in the thick of it this weekend. "Everyone hands-on, getting the yows through the pens for ultrasound pregnancy scanning." A series of photos showed Raven working and enjoying some play time with her younger siblings. They tended to the cows and sheep together, before enjoying some treasured family time. Clive has recently starred in his own Channel 5 series along with eldest son Reuben, called Beyond the Yorkshire Farm. Amanda did not feature in the series, which followed Reuben as he set up his own contracting business. Clive was extremely supportive as he helped his son start a new venture away from Ravenseat Farm.  Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.