Despite trying to plan the whole wedding herself, Trixie (played by Helen George) was called away to assist with a birth, however, later found out the girl was just 15 years old. Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) also helped diagnose a young boy with Leukaemia after he had been trying to provide for his brother and father. However, it was Sister Monica Joan (Judy Parfitt) who had viewers crying when she befriended a dog who she named, Nothing. At the beginning of the episode, Sister Monica Joan attempted to have a conversation with many of the nurses and midwives in Nonnatus House. However, as they all went about their business, no one had time to interact with the sister. Sat in the gardens by herself, she attempted to engage in conversations with people who were passing by but again had no luck, until a small dog came running over to her. She expressed: "Where is your proprietrix? Oh let me help you," before she bent down and pulled a thorn out of the dog's paw. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "See? That didn't hurt, did it?" she said to the pup. After sitting down for dinner with the other midwives, and complaining about the dinner, Sister Monica Joan headed out to the shop. Upon her return to Nonnatus House, the dog was outside the door waiting for her, to which she told it: "Dogs are not sanctioned within. I am not the legislator." After seeing the dog for a third time, Sister Monica Joan expressed: "Oh... Hello again! You are still prohibited from entering. "But you were sent at a time of loneliness, and we must accept what we are sent, I have a name for you that works most advantageously, Nothing!" before letting him inside. After settling Nothing into her room, she decided to sneak down into the kitchen and steal some spam for the dog to eat. Sister Monica Joan managed to keep Nothing a secret from everyone for a while until Colette Corrigan (Francesca Fullilove) wanted to paint a portrait with her and clocked the dog. The pair kept it a secret and began to sneak their dinner into a napkin underneath the table for Nothing, leaving the rest of the nurses confused. DON'T MISS...BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up [INSIGHT]BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah [LATEST]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [WATCH] However, Sister Monica Joan soon lost track of the dog and Nothing was spotted by Nurse Crane (Linda Bassett), leading Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter) to have words. Sister Monica Joan protested: "But he can stay with me, in my room! He's been there all week, and you did not know." Sister Julienne explained: "I am sorry, but this is a clinical house. We simply cannot allow pets," before Nurse Crane explained that his real family might be looking for him. "Until then, he must be consigned to your room only. I must ensure that you are not so alone in the future. I have been remiss. I should never be too busy for you." The Sister's soon found the family to who Nothing belonged too and handed him back over, with Sister Monica Joan feeling upset about his departure. However, it wasn't just her who was upset as fans called for Nothing to return to Nonnatus House with Sister Monica Joan. @Seher_A_96 wrote on Twitter: "Oh my god get sister Monica Joan her own dog right now, I'm being SO serious #callthemidwife." @wenfot expressed: "Sister Monica Joan needs a dog! #CallTheMidwife @CallTheMidwife1." Anna Snellings commented: "No, Sister Monica Joan and Nothing! I have tears at their little bond." @trixiefrankleen added: "#callthemidwife Sister MJ pulling an 'it's my emotional support animal' she is so true." @ClareSmith1888 said: "Sister Monica Joan and Nothing the dog have made my Sunday. So wholesome #CalltheMidwife." @edina_SUMMERS claimed: "Bring back Nothing right now! Sister Monica Joan was so happy to have a little friend... Feel for her so much." (sic) Call the Midwife airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.