King Charles is showing his human side as he breaks with tradition by not wearing a crown in new stamps, a royal commentator has said. Charles's image is used on definitive stamps, which are sometimes called "every day" stamps, showing just the monarch's head and the value of the stamp on a plain coloured background with a barcode alongside. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "The decision by King Charles to appear on the new stamps without a depiction of a crown is personal. "It does break with tradition, though previous kings did not wear crowns, but the stamps did contain a depiction of them. The portrait has a cerebral look which suits this thoughtful monarch. "The Queen also used a design which featured her wearing a diadem instead of a crown on stamps since 1967. This has been worn exclusively by queens since the reign of George IV and became iconic. "This design shows a human side to Charles which reflects its subject extremely well." A team for the Royal Mail adapted an image by British artist Martin Jennings who made a profile sculpture of Charles for the Royal Mint when they were creating UK coins. The image was adjusted and relighted for use on the new stamps. They started working on the project after Queen Elizabeth II's death in September. Mr Gold, commenting on the Royal Mail team's efforts, said: "I don't underestimate how challenging it was for them. "But also I know that I can say on their behalf how privileged they felt to be able to work on this project. It will forever be a part of history. It's a clear, defining part of the reign of King Charles." READ ABOUT A KEY NICOLA BULLEY WITNESS COMING FORWARD The stamps go on sale from April 4, but collectors and the general public can now register their interest on Royal Mail's website. Post offices and other retailers will not start selling the new stamps until their stocks featuring the late Queen are sold. Mr Gold said: "The King gave very clear directions he didn't want anything to be pulped, he didn't want things being shredded, he didn't want stock being thrown away. "He was very clear, however long it takes you to clear the stock there's no rush, and that's entirely in line with his well stated principles on waste and environmentalism." DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry must be grilled over Samantha Markle claims [REPORT] Royal Family want something in return for apology to Harry and Meghan [REVEALED] Prince Harry was close to hosting SNL but 'talks stopped at 11th hour' [LATEST] The new first class stamp will form part of an exhibition at London's Postal Museum about the nation's definitive stamps called The King's Stamp, which runs until September 23. The display will celebrate the newest stamp design with a unique chance to see a sheet of King Charles III first class stamps before they are in public circulation. Meanwhile, the King has featured alongside the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as puppets in the new theatrical production Idiots Assemble: Spitting Image Saves the World. Co-written by comedians Sean Foley, Matt Forde and Al Murray, the production is being staged at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre. It sees world famous celebrities thrown together with Hollywood star Tom Cruise tasked by King Charles with saving Great Britain. Other satirical puppets included on the show include climate activist Greta Thunberg and Sir Ian McKellen as well as former and current members of the Government. Some puppets are more exaggerated than others, with ex-Home Secretary Priti Patel depicted as a bat-like creature. Spitting Image previously headed to London's West End in 2022, with a show heavily featuring former prime minister Boris Johnson. The popular sketch show, featuring puppets of well-known figures, made its return on BritBox in September 2021 following its revival in 2020 for the first time in 24 years. It originally ran for 18 series between 1984 and 1996 and was watched by 15 million viewers at its prime.