Novak Djokovic has been told that he is still carrying a “big chip on his shoulder” as Patrick McEnroe admitted that it could be the thing to get the Serb over the line in his race against Rafael Nadal for Grand Slam history. The world No 1 was able to equal his rival’s record of 22 men’s singles Major titles when he won the Australian Open last week and has been tipped to win several more.  Djokovic’s bid for history continued at the Australian Open as he earned his 10th crown in Melbourne and 22nd overall Grand Slam title to tie Nadal with the men’s singles record. It leaves the race to retire with the most Majors hotter than ever with both men set to both play for an unprecedented 23rd title at the French Open in a few months’ time. While Nadal is the favourite to pull ahead first given his track record at Roland Garros - where he has won 14 titles and lost just three matches ever - Djokovic has been tipped to end his career with the most Grand Slams by Patrick McEnroe, who believes the world No 1’s grudges will help him become the greatest of all time. “I think he can win four or five more,” the younger McEnroe brother told CNN. The former doubles No 3 agreed that he wouldn’t be the favourite at the French Open but was the frontrunner at every other Major, adding: “It looks like he’s as healthy as ever. He’s the favourite at three out of four [Grand Slams] for the next, I’d say probably two years.” JUST IN: Serena Williams 'not happy' with final match amid retirement 'pain' Djokovic’s Australian Open title came a year after he was deported from the country on the eve of the tournament after having his visa cancelled twice, and he was involved in more controversy in Melbourne this year after his dad was caught in a video with pro-Putin protesters at Melbourne Park while some claimed the Serb had been faking his hamstring injury. And McEnroe said that the 35-year-old’s experiences had left him playing with a “big chip on his shoulder” but didn’t think it was a bad thing. “I think he played as well as he’s ever played, which is amazing at 35 years old,” the 56-year-old continued. “To think that this guy is just getting better and even when he won the title, you saw him point to the head, point to the heart, even then he was still stoic. But as soon as he went up to his family and his coaches in that player box, all the emotions came out.” DON'T MISSDjokovic's ex-coach shoots down suspicions around Serb after Aus OpenUkrainian tennis star urges Olympics to ban Russian athletes in pleaSerena Williams refuses to acknowledge retirement again in return hint John McEnroe’s younger brother also thought that Djokovic’s head-to-head against Nadal and the now-retired Roger Federer would also help his case in the GOAT debate. “His domination across the services has been a little bit wider than both those two legendary players,” he said. “He’s also got a better head-to-head against both of them and better in the other big tournaments but there’s still a lot of tennis to be played.” 