Royal watchers have highlighted a sweet throwback moment between the Prince and Princess and praised their professional approach to their visits around the UK. In March 2019 William and Kate arrived in Blackpool on a joint visit. The pair braved the cold to meet members of the public, appearing on the Comedy Carpet at Blackpool Tower. They also attended the ‘A Better Start’ programme at Blackpool Central Library, which focuses on early years and mental health in young children. Fans noted how the Prince and Princess of Wales refrained from any displays of public affection while carrying out their official duties in Blackpool. While the couple remained smiling and upbeat, they kept their focus on the public. However, it was a different story when the pair were off-duty. As the couple headed to the helicopter to pick them up from the day, they held one another's hands. The sweet gesture impressed fans, who praised the couple's professionalism. The TikTok user who posted the video wrote: "They know when and where to show affection for each other." READ MORE: Those infamous texts between Catherine and Meghan showed 'Kate wanted to be co-operative' Another agreed: "Exactly (...) so I love this couple they know exactly where and when." Another wrote: "That’s why I love them both so much, they try to keep their affection for each other lowkey as possible." One wrote: "They're professional and self-assured. They know that events aren't about making a show of them but about the cause they support." Another fan said: "I agree 100 percent. They respect their work and still have time for each other's affection. I love them so much!" "They don't need to show constant public affection to prove they love each other...that's called security," one wrote. Another added: "Perfect royal couple, our great future King and Queen." DON'T MISS'People hate me because I look just like a young Kate Middleton' [REAL LIFE]Meghan Markle could make £640K a year from 'mommy' project [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle wore $37,000 worth of jewellery in Netflix documentary [STYLE] Kate and William met in 2001, living in the same halls at the University of St Andrews. They began dating in 2003 and lived together shortly after. They dated one another for many years before deciding to marry, and they got engaged in Africa in October 2010. The couple then married in April of the next year. Now they share three children, the first of whom, George, was born on 22 July 2013. Their second child, a little girl called Charlotte, was born on May 2015 and their third child and second son, Prince Louis, was born on April 2018. The cute throwback comes as a human behaviour expert claimed Kate Middleton "wanted to be co-operative" with Meghan Markle amid the now infamous row about bridesmaid dresses before the Duchess of Sussex's wedding. Dr. Lillian Glass is the author of the best-seller Toxic People: Toxic People: 10 Ways Of Dealing With People Who Make Your Life Miserable. She said: "Kate wanted to be cooperative. You know, when she said the dresses needed to be done, even the tailor said yes, everyone's dresses need to be done. It was so, so silly."