Strictly Come Dancing presenter Claudia Winkleman has been sporting an extra-long fringe for years, sparking a series of letters to the BBC questioning if she has squirrels hiding underneath it, and how she manages to see. Though the 51-year-old's hair does skate perilously close to her eyes, she jokes that it has saved her a fortune in Botox and says everyone should follow suit and "grow an enormous curtain" on their foreheads too. "I genuinely get letters of complaint... [people asking] 'What is she hiding?'" Claudia chortled, as she referenced the viewers who often scold her for what they see as a fashion faux pas. "I also had a ‘Have you got squirrels under there?’ which was a particularly good letter," she added. The star is totally unrepentant, joking to The Sun: "I don’t need Botox now. Have you seen how long my fringe is? It is now almost upper-lip length, I cannot recommend it enough. “When you hit 51, just grow an enormous curtain in front of your face. Go full yeti. It works."  READ NOW: Blake Lively wows with post-baby body as she welcomes fourth child Claudia has admitted to briefly experimenting with Botox back in 2016, but decided the injections were not for her. Discussing her decision to abandon them with the Daily Star, she confided: "I looked both scared and surprised at the same time. I don’t like to be either! "After a little chat with myself, I simply decided I would grow my fringe longer. I prefer to stick to my old-lady goth/Steve Tyler look." True to her word, Claudia did exactly that, although the unusual length has sparked almost as many complaints as the BBC receive when a star accidentally flashes her nipples on screen.  63 Britain's Got Talent fans had a gripe with one of judge Amanda Holden's revealing dresses, complaining that she had exposed her nipples. In comparison, Claudia's extra-long fringe received just three fewer letters, with 60 disgruntled viewers. Meanwhile, Holly Willoughby came under fire in 2021, during lockdown, when 53 Dancing On Ice fans argued that her dress was too deeply "plunging". Although Amanda Holden has received complaints multiple times, one Julien McDonald dress attracted reactions that were off the scale, with close to 700 formal complaints. DON'T MISS... Holly Willoughby divides fans with 'ridiculous' Dancing On Ice dress [LATEST] Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [DEBATE] Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES]    It seems highly unlikely that Claudia's eye-grazing hairstyle has harmed her prospects in the television world. In fact, she has just signed on the dotted line to extend her Strictly Come Dancing contract by a further two years. The decision by the BBC means that fans are guaranteed to be able to see both her and Tess Daly as a presenting duo until at least 2025. The star plans to continue with her distinctive aesthetic, which also includes a penchant for abundantly applied fake tan, in the years to come. Claudia has admitted that when she was studying at Cambridge University, she developed an unhealthy tanning beds habit, but that she eventually tried to offset it by applying a fake sheen instead. She previously confessed in a Radio Four interview that she has even reused old tea bags to achieve the right hue on her skin. She might have a much higher beauty budget nowadays, but old habits die hard as to this day, she still drives her husband crazy by leaving the used ones in the sink afterwards. The bizarre beauty hack originated in her university days, when money was scarce, and she had to improvise. "Everything was reused, and I mean everything," she admitted in a candid interview with Emma Barnett on Radio Four's Woman's Hour. She joked during the same interview that she has also experimented with Bisto gravy and mud. Claudia Winkleman hosts brand new talent show The Piano on Wednesday on Channel 4 at 9pm.