Arsenal have already had reason to celebrate this week after Bukayo Saka reportedly agreed to put pen to paper on a new long-term contract and commit his future to the club. And it appears that the same academy system has struck gold again in bringing through a potential understudy in Amario Cozier-Duberry, who could become the next academy graduate to make the grade. The Gunners have moved to tie down Saka to a new deal worth £200,000-a-week until 2028 to ward off interest from the likes of Manchester City, and it is a significant step for Mikel Arteta's side in locking down arguably their most important player. Saka's rise from exciting prospect to regular goal-getter over the space of four years has opened up the pathway for others to follow - and there are hopes that Cozier-Duberry will be the next in line. The 17-year-old is a Hale End scholar just like Saka and Emile Smith Rowe, having worked his way through the youth system. And he has ambitions to match the pair's gradual ascent to the first team in the years to come once he has finished developing in the youth side. READ MORE: Saka's two-word title message to Arsenal team-mates speaks volumes “My mindset is to stay focused and strive to become the next Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah or Emile Smith-Rowe – these are guys I look up to,” he told the club's website after featuring for the Under-21s. He was signed to the club after being spotted playing for local Sunday league team Chettle Court Rangers at Under-15 level, and after impressing in a 10-week trial, he has never looked back. Cozier-Duberry has played a prominent role for the Under-18s and Under-21s teams in recent months, proving to be a devastating presence in front of goal in the FA Youth Cup. He scored in wins over Newcastle and Watford to make it into the quarter-finals of the competition and, on Thursday, he continued that run with another eye-catching display in the 3-2 victory over Cambridge United. Cozier-Duberry's goal may have come from the penalty spot, but he was the standout performer as Arsenal's opponents simply could not handle his quality. DON'T MISSArsenal discover when Gabriel Jesus 'will return from injury'Arsenal to launch 'mega' offer for Hojlund as Edu turns to new strikerArteta granted wish as Arsenal get fixture news for City and Chelsea While Saka was fast-tracked into the first-team squad by Unai Emery when he was only 17, Cozier-Duberry is still waiting for his elusive competitive debut - but on this evidence, it won't be long until he makes his Arsenal bow. It seems he is in Arteta's thoughts after being selected as part of the squad for Premier League games against Everton and Brentford in February. He also travelled with the senior squad for the recent warm-weather training camp in Dubai and caught the eye with his performances off the bench as Arteta’s side beat Lyon and AC Milan in mid-season exhibition matches. There are obvious likenesses between Saka and Cozier-Duberry's traits that mean comparisons are inevitable. His low centre of gravity allows him to twist and turn when running at defenders and prefers to cut in from the right flank onto his favoured foot in the style of the Arsenal star. Just like the Gunners forward, Cozier-Duberry's pace gives defenders a hard time, but it is actually his touch and technique combination that underlines his value in the wide areas and he is certainly not afraid to shoot from range. Cozier-Duberry may need some more experience at youth level first before making the next step up to the first team, but given his current rate of development and array of superb displays, Arteta won't be able to keep him out for much longer if he continues in the same vein of form.