Declan Rice is seemingly destined to join one of the Premier League's Big Six this summer with Arsenal among those set on signing the England international. And if Rice is to earn a move that would see him get the chance to play Champions League football, you cannot say it isn't deserved on the basis of the attitude he has continuously displayed at West Ham. Replacing Mark Noble as captain is no mean feat for anyone but Rice has taken the role in his stride, despite the Hammers shortcoming thus far this season. Nonetheless, he has never shied away from the challenge and his elite, winning mentality - that is likely to earn him a transfer this summer - has shone through throughout David Moyes' side's struggles. Rice exchanged verbals with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Emerson Royal in the closing stages of West Ham's 2-0 defeat to Tottenham and he was the only player prepared to show any fight or frustration during the defeat. West Ham were poor and ended the weekend in the relegation zone following an unfortunate series of results that saw the likes of Everton, Bournemouth and Nottingham Forest all pick up points. READ MORE: Alejandro Garnacho tipped for Carabao Cup final heartbreak as Man Utd side 'gatecrashed' At full-time, Rice was incensed with his team-mates after the majority tried to walk off the field without applauding the away fans. But instead of letting it slide, the skipper rounded up his team-mates and got them all to walk over and show appreciation to the Hammers supporters, who had travelled in their numbers across the capital. Yet it wasn't the only moment that reflected brilliantly upon Rice in the aftermath of defeat. His Sky Sports interview with Patrick Davison also showcased why he has the credentials to play for the likes of Arsenal, Manchester City, Manchester United or Chelsea - should they come calling. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callChelsea 'offer Mason Mount in Joao Felix swap deal' proposal as Atletico Madrid respondMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race When quizzed on whether this was the weekend that West Ham realised they were in a relegation dog-fight, Rice said: "You could say that but there are six or seven teams in and around us. "I see the other results but I'm not too worried about how other teams are doing, I am only bothered about us and what we're doing week in, week out. "Next week we've got a really big game against Nottingham Forest." It would be easy for West Ham to hit the panic button right now but as the captain, Rice is ensuring the dressing room focuses on turning their fortunes around as opposed to worrying about other sides. It's the kind of mindset that separates him from the rest at the age of 24 - which is why he will be an almighty miss when he does eventually depart the club. Rice's contract expires in the summer of 2024 but he is yet to show any signs of extending his stay as he intends to run down his deal in order to earn a move. This summer, West Ham will be forced into a big decision over his future as if they do not sell, they risk losing the player on a free transfer. The Hammers will be mindful that Rice is still worth upwards of £100m at the moment and that cash could help them overhaul their squad which is seemingly in need of investment. It's easy to see what Rice will bring to any team next season if he departs the London Stadium and his quality stems much further than his ability on the field.