Lando Norris has praised Netflix's show Drive To Survive for helping to grow Formula One ahead of the release of the new season next week. The documentary is not universally popular throughout the paddock with Max Verstappen criticising the series in the past and boycotting it in 2021. Drive To Survive has been a huge success for the popularity of Formula One as it has helped the sport appeal to under-utilised markets. Viewers are given unique access into the human side of drivers and team bosses with F1 now watched more than ever by women and under-35s while the US audience is booming. However, the show has not been without its critics. Some, including reigning world champion Verstappen, suggest it can create some false narratives regarding the season as a whole. The Dutchman boycotted the show across the 2021 season but his stance has since mellowed and he has agreed to a limited role this time around. Now, McLaren star Norris has offered his opinion on the series and has praised its impact in bringing new fans to the sport. The Brit has been one of the major stars of the show with cameras regularly following him on race weekends as well as highlighting his relationship with his teammates. Norris and his team have both gained a large number of loyal followers as a result. READ MORE: Bottas opens up on 'exhausting' Hamilton partnership at Mercedes "It is [fun]. They do a very, very good job actually of being there, seeing everything even when you don’t really realise, but not getting in your way," he told This Morning. "That’s something they’re there to do and they know it at the same time. They’re not there to get in our way and be a nuisance. They want all the best content and stuff you guys don’t get to see from standard TV. "They want to be a fly on the wall, they want to be there without us ever knowing, in case we say something we shouldn’t and they capture it! It’s good, it’s only done a good thing for the sport and for us as drivers. "It shows that we’re normal people who can enjoy life and do different things and have good laughs and so on. But we can also flip to the other side, flip the helmets on, be in the zone and get serious and go out and race F1 cars like we’ve got to do. "I think it’s a good thing, it’s only helped F1 as I said. The new season is out very shortly so I hope you all enjoy."   Verstappen has recently explained why he will return to the show this year, confirming he had held talks with show bosses to share his concerns which he believes will be taken into account. "I understand when you create a show, there needs to be drama, it needs to be exciting," he explained. "But I'm a guy who finds it's also very important that you're portrayed well, and that they do not start to copy comments on the different kinds of footage when it didn't happen like that. "I had to explain it to them that that was my view, otherwise I didn't want to be part of it. But yes, they understood. Let's see once it comes out what they made of it. “I think I gave them like 30 minutes or one hour of an interview, and I hope of course they're going to use it well. I don't know when I'm going to watch it, but I hope they're happy." The new series of Drive to Survive will be released on Netflix on February 24. 