US actress Raquel Welch, often credited with paving the way for modern day action heroines in Hollywood films, has died at the age of 82. Carol Vorderman paid tribute to the Legally Blonde actress. The star passed away peacefully on Wednesday morning after a brief illness, her manager said. Taking to Twitter on Wednesday, the Countdown legend recalled the time she attended Raquel's son's wedding. The 62-year-old remembered the "wild" time they shared adding the late star was "sensational". Carol tweeted: "Rest In Peace Raquel Welch....what a woman. READ MORE: Dick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer "I was at her son's wedding (pic) to Yorkshire cricketer Fred Trueman's daughter Rebecca. It was wild. She was sensational. A lot of laughing and every other bedroom in the hotel had a news editing suite in it. I loved it all. Wild." The mathematician accompanied her touching tribute with a stunning photo of Raquel. Social media users flocked to comment on the post as they offered their condolences. Ian Wells tweeted: "Such a shame."  Keith remarked: "She was so beautiful, she will be missed." Julie recalled: "I was working at WH Smith in Croydon in the 80s when she came to do a book signing. Bumped into her in the loos!" Raquel became an international sex symbol in the 1960s, widely remembered for playing a bikini-clad cavewoman in the 1966 film One Million Years B.C. She also won a Golden Globe for her role in 1974's The Three Musketeers. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson under fire from dyslexic lawyer after comment on show[LATEST]Orlando Bloom addresses ‘challenging’ romance with Katy Perry[US]Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore[ROYALS] Born Jo-Raquel Tejada in 1940, she grew up in California, where she won teen beauty pageants and later became a local weather forecaster. The divorced mother-of-two modelled for the Neiman Marcus clothing store and worked as a cocktail waitress. Her big break came in 1964 soon after she moved back to California, when she scored cameos in A House Is Not A Home, and Roustabout, a musical starring Elvis Presley. She shot to fame just two years later with her back-to-back roles in the sci-fi film Fantastic Voyage and the fantasy movie One Million Years B.C. Known for her glamorous looks Raquel admitted she wasn't keen on being seen as a sex symbol, once saying she "was not brought up to be a sex symbol, nor is it in my nature to be one". "The fact that I became one is probably the loveliest, most glamorous and fortunate misunderstanding," she added. Actress Reese Witherspoon was among those paying tribute, writing on Twitter that she "loved" working with Raquel on Legally Blonde. "She was elegant, professional and glamorous beyond belief," said Witherspoon. "Simply stunning." Actress and producer Viola Davis posted a clip of her singing "I'm a Woman" with Cher in 1975, writing: "You were ageless to me...iconic". Raquel is survived by her son, Damon Welch, and daughter Latanne "Tahnee" Welch, who is also an actress.