The Virgin Radio presenter has opened up on why he’s been absent from TV in recent years. Chris Evans is said to have ruled out returning to the small screen so he can spend more time with his family. Chris was said to have been asked if he would be on TV in the future by a fan. According to The Mirror, Chris replied: “No can do. Family time is everything to me.” He added to the fan: “Radio in the AM is my limit.” Chris, 56, has had a long career on television starting with The Big Breakfast in 1992. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson drives off in rage as he abandons restaurant opening He co-hosted the show alongside Gaby Roslin but stepped down from the role in 1994. Chris went on to form his own production company, Ginger Productions, with Don’t Forget Your Toothbrush its first programme. The presenter went to spend time hosting the BBC Radio 1 Breakfast Show between 1995 and 1997. Returning TV, he presented TFI Friday for four years between 1996 and 2000. More recently he presented The One Show and fronted the 2016 series of Top Gear. However, due to falling ratings, the radio host decided to step down and hand over the reins to Matt LeBlanc. Chris said at the time: “I feel like my standing aside is the single best thing I can now do to help the cause.” He has barely been seen on TV since Top Gear but has hosted his Virgin Radio Breakfast Show since 2019. DON'T MISS...Chris Evans and wife wouldn't have met if it wasn't for Ronan Keating [INSIGHT]Chris Evans was left fuming after unnamed ex took his 'massive telly' [INSIGHT]Chris Evans praises 'super' Ken Bruce for leaving BBC [LATEST] Chris is hoping the step back from TV will allow him to spend more time with wife Natasha Shishmanian. The pair met when they were golf partners in the All Star Cup celebrity tournament in 2005. Natasha and Chris married in August 2007 in Portugal. The couple have four children, with the two eldest having appeared on the Breakfast Show several times. Speaking about how the pair met, Natasha previously revealed: “It was the actual All Star Cup at Celtic Manor and so we had a few drinks together [at the party]. "Then the next morning, we happened to be on the same team which was a delight!" Chris added: “And we've been on the same team ever since!"