I've always loved a bargain so when Express.co.uk suggested I check out the big supermarkets to see which ones offer the best yellow sticker bargains I jumped at the chance. After a tip off that the best time to go is around an hour before closing I set off to my nearest Tesco, Sainsbury's and Asda in Bristol just before 9pm, but was it worth my time? Before the cost of living crisis I used to love hunting for a yellow sticker bargain but I've noticed there isn't as much left on the shelves these days. Now, rather than go out at 9pm every day to see what I can find - I no longer make a special trip but browse the reduced section whatever time I'm there. However, this week for the purpose of my Express investigation I decided to visit all my local stores just before 9pm as the ones near me in Bristol close at 10pm. But who had the best deals out of Asda, Tesco and Sainsbury's and was it worth the trip? READ MORE: Savings account offering 4.5% is being withdrawn - 'get in quick' Sainsbury's surprised me the most as I'm not a regular shopper at the store yet I was quite impressed by its reduced food section. I found dauphinoise creamy potatoes for 69 pence, a Nigerian hot and spicy stew reduced from £2.50 to £1.24, Warburtons bread for 29 pence, a small cheese and onion quiche for 49 pence and beef loaded chilli and cheese wedges reduced from £4 to 99 pence. Although its discounts were good, I thought there was slightly more to choose from in the reduced section at Asda including Italian-style meatballs reduced from £5 to £3.95. There was also a boneless chicken dinner joint reduced from £4.40 to £2.95 and an Indian 16-piece sharer meal discounted from £3.75 to £2.25. DON'T MISSLloyds, Halifax and TSB are closing 68 branches in 2023 - full list [UPDATE]Inheritance warning after family hit with £50,000 bill [WARNING]Martin Lewis tip sees woman boost state pension by £11,500 [INSIGHT] While Asda had more choice, Sainsbury's offered the biggest reductions and I'll definitely be going back again. Tesco, on the other hand, had very little left over in terms of bargains when I visited and its discounts weren't enough to tempt me to put my hand in my pocket. Left on the shelves were British lamb kidney reduced from £3 to £2.25, smoked salmon discounted from £6.60 to £4.75 and a Mexican inspired chicken tray bake reduced from £4.20 to £3.07. Although there seems to be less offers available a spokesperson for Asda said they weren't discounting less during the cost of living crisis. Tesco said it provides two million meals a month to charities and community groups in the UK in conjunction with FareShare and FoodCloud. It has also recently launched a revamp of its Reduced to Clear sections in large stores, to make it easier for customer to spot marked down items. Sainsbury's told Express.co.uk it's working hard to keep prices low for its customers. A spokesperson said: “We're committed to doing everything we can to support customers with the rising cost of living."   Sainsbury's has launched initiatives such as its Aldi Price Match campaign, Price Lock and My Nectar Prices, to help customers find low prices on the products they buy most often. Al Baker, who runs The Penny Pincher, agrees that there seems to be less discounts available when it comes to yellow sticker bargains, but says this could be for a number of reasons. He told Express.co.uk: "Supermarkets have less stock availability these days than they did, look at the fruit and veg issues at present, and that means that there’s less on the shelves to start with and so more likely that they will sell out before it gets near its sell by date. "There's also an increased need for yellow sticker products from consumers. Food waste apps like Olio are taking a lot more goods from Tesco, again reducing the number of stickers. It’s  a perfect storm; more demand, less on the shelves equalling less bargains sadly!" Express Money also looked into the best time to get yellow sticker bargains at Tesco, Asda and Sainsbury's. 