Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been warned they will struggle to repair their reputation. The couple will find it "very hard to recover [their] reputation", particularly as their feud with the Royal Family continues, a PR expert has claimed. Go Up founder and PR expert, Edward Coram-James has warned the couple against "crying wolf" over the recent South Park parody. Mr Coram-James told the Daily Star the "ridicule" on South Park marks a "new low" for the Sussexes. He added this is because "so many respected people have faced similar fates of South Park shows that, on its own, reputationally this is not a problem and would be easily recoverable." The PR expert added: "What, however, is not so easy to recover from is the growing sense that even the Sussexes' most naturally-aligned base are seeming to question their storylines and alleged double standards. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan left 'tiny' Britain only to be 'smashed to pieces' in the US "To the extent that shows, such as South Park, feel able to make fun of a couple who have recently made serious allegations concerning highly charged themes." He added: "Were those allegations being taken at face value, they would have impunity from ridicule. "In that sense, I think that The Sussexes have a lot to worry about. "Because when your own base starts to question your integrity, honesty, and viability, it is very hard to recover your reputation." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out' of Coronation as Sussexes 'still licking wounds' Harry and Meghan are yet to publicly speak about last week’s episode of South Park. Sources have claimed that the Duchess of Sussex is "disgusted and overwhelmed" and "upset" by South Park, which described her as a "sorority girl, actress, influencer, victim". A source told The Spectator that, although Meghan is "upset", she refused to watch the whole episode. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home [LATEST]Harry and William compared to feuding Oasis brothers by Boy George [REVEAL]Harry won't have liked being accused of 'boasting' of Taliban kills [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry stepped down as senior royals in 2020, declared that they wished to "work to become financially independent". They now live in Montecito, California, with their two young children, Archie and Lilibet. Questions remain whether the couple will return to the UK for King Charles' Coronation in May, an event which they will be invited to attend.