Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has reacted to Casemiro’s red card in today’s Premier League win over Crystal Palace. The Brazil international received his marching orders after choking Will Hughes in the second half. Fortunately for the Red Devils, goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford gave them all three points. United battled their way to a narrow 2-1 win over Palace on Saturday to boost their chances of finishing in the Premier League top four. Fernandes opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the seventh minute, coolly converting after a handball from Hughes. United then doubled their lead through Rashford, with the England international netting his 19th goal of the campaign in the process. However, after Casemiro received a straight red, it made for a nervy finish. Jeffrey Schlupp pulled a goal back for Palace but it wasn’t enough, with United holding on to claim victory. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Yet while Ten Hag has acknowledged Casemiro was wrong to attack Hughes, the United boss also complained about the ‘inconsistent’ referring. "Casemiro crossed the line; you saw that,” he said. “However, I’m unhappy with the inconsistent refereeing; not only this game but also in Palace. They elbowed Martínez and last week with Eriksen. “A lot of other players crossed the line, including some Crystal Palace players. “VAR didn’t intervene with them.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “This is a good team, they stick together,” added the 53-year-old, who celebrates his birthday earlier in the week. “They’re there for each other. You see that in the outcome.” “Garnacho and Rashford gave us a totally different dynamic. It was a perfect team goal for me, ended with the cross from Luke Shaw.” Some United fans feel Casemiro was unfairly sent off. But the Brazil international is now poised to miss their next three league games, starting with a double-header against Leeds as well as a league showdown with Leicester. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Former Wales captain Ashley Williams believes Casemiro had to go following the incident. Speaking on BBC Sport, he said: “It's a red, Casemiro has two hands around Hughes' neck. “You can't really argue with it. He want to back up his mate Antony. “It's a little bit silly from Casemiro. There was a lot going on and he just got carried away. “Palace have gone down the other end and scored and now Man United have 15 minutes to play with ten men.” And he also feels it’s now time for new boy Marcel Sabitzer to step up, too. “Old Trafford is a tough place to go again,” he said. “They deserved to win the game. Palace had their chances and scored a goal but I think Man United were worthy of the win. “It is a blow to lose Casemiro but Sabitzer is in and he will get his chance to stake his claim to a starting place. “The fans are back, the club is united again, it feels like how it should be for Man United at Old Trafford again.”