Prince Andrew reportedly won't have a ceremonial role at his elder brother, King Charles III's Coronation, which is set to take place in May. This is down to the fact he is not a working member of the Royal Family. Discussions are reportedly taking place behind the scenes about whether, or not, Andrew will have any role at all in the historical celebrations. Despite still holding some associations with the Royal Family, such as still being the Knight of the Garter, the King feels it would be inappropriate to include his younger brother in an official position, according to The Mail on Sunday. Some people have suggested that the official role could be held by one of the other senior royals, such as Princess Anne or Prince William. However, sources close to the Palace said last night that Andrew could hold a symbolic role. READ MORE: Charles 'dotes' on all his grandchildren but one brings out his 'fun' side In 2019, Andrew was forced to step down from royal duties over allegations of sexual abuse, accusations that the Duke of York has repeatedly denied. The allegations were made in a US civil court case by Virginia Giuffre. Despite holding onto his role as a Garter Knight, Andrew was banned from last year's annual public procession following the allegations made against him. Although he didn't attend the actual event, Andrew was part of the private part of the day. READ MORE: Meghan Markle will have 'perfect excuse' for Coronation no-show, claims expert Prior to the death of his mother, it was reported that Andrew had held "intense talks" with the Queen about his future in the Royal Family. These were held after the Duke of York refused to give up on hopes of a royal comeback. In August, a friend of Andrew's told The Sun: "He is a 62-year-old man and knows that he can't spend the rest of his days sitting around at Royal Lodge in Windsor, walking his dogs and riding horses." They added, at that time, that Andrew "had had discussions with the Queen about what he can do with his life". DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION] The King's Coronation is just 12 weeks away, and will be held in Westminster Abbey, the same location that his late mother's was held in 1953. Invitations are reportedly been sent out very soon, with responses expected soon after. The actual date of the ceremony will take place on May 6, with celebratory events expected over the whole weekend.