Meghan Markle has reportedly been left "upset and overwhelmed" over her depiction as a "sorority girl, actress, influencer, victim" in an episode of South Park broadcast last week. In the long-running cartoon series, Meghan and Prince Harry were satirised for going on a "World Privacy Tour" while promoting the prince's new book "Waaaagh", a dig at his memoir Spare. The episode mocks the couple's grievances and Meghan has spent the last few days "upset and overwhelmed" by how she has been portrayed, according to a source in California. The source told The Spectator that the Duchess of Sussex "is annoyed by South Park but refuses to watch it all". A royal commentator added this week that Harry and Meghan's lawyers are "casting an eye" over the TV show. There is also a suggestion that the contents of the episode may have "legal ramifications", although South Park's creators have not yet received any legal correspondence. Royal commentator Neil Sean told Fox News: "According to sources close to the ex-Royals, it appears that, like so many things with Meghan and Harry, this may have legal ramifications attached. "Their legal team are casting an eye over the episode to see what is wrong, and what could be turned into something more sinister." In the episode, the "Prince and Princess of Canada" are a young royal couple who simultaneously beg for privacy while drawing attention to themselves. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face 'challenge' over royal gossip, says commentator  In the episode description, the prince and princess are said to be trying to "find privacy and seclusion in a small mountain town". US celebrity publicity expert Matt Yanofsky told The Mirror that the show is playing on Meghan's divisiveness. Any negative backlash from the Sussexes could in fact damage their brand, according to Mr Yanofsky. DON'T MISS:Harry's 'limited budget' claims proven after Charles's recent outing [LATEST]King sees inside the military training regime of Ukrainian recruits [SPOTLIGHT]Meghan 'making life harder for herself' after Duchess caught 'fibbing' [REVEAL]  He said: "Meghan Markle is divisive, and South Park is playing on that image, so it won't impact her. "South Park taking aim is a natural progression. Her brand hasn't been damaged; if anything, things like this continue to show her relevancy."  He explained: "If she responds in the wrong way, it could impact her differently." South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone have previously parodied other members of the Royal Family, including the Prince and Princess of Wales.