Last week, Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton was eliminated from ITV's Dancing on Ice after the dreaded skate-off was skipped. This week the remaining celebrities battled it out in Dance Week. However, fans of the show were left stunned when former Health Secretary Matt Hancock made an appearance in the audience with his girlfriend Gina Coladangelo. After Coronation Street actress Mollie Gallagher and partner Sylvain Longchambom skated off the ice, Holly Willoughby turned her attention to the audience for their input. Viewers were left stunned to see former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! contestant Matt Hancock sitting front row of the show. Holly began: "Tonight our couples are taking on legendary dance styles and we've got some well-known faces in our audience tonight. "Matt Hancock is here, hello to you! Now we are celebrating dance tonight so I am just thinking. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "Picture the scene, you're at a party, and there is a dancefloor there, what sort of song would have to be played to get you going?" Matt laughed and exclaimed: "Oh... Well, I dance to anything and it's more enthusiasm than talent though. "But a bit of Queen, Don't Stop Me Now! That might get me going." Holly added: "And would you pop on a sequin and hop on our ice?" to which he exclaimed: "Well I... "I think I could do with dressing up a bit but this is nothing, it is so hard, eating cockroaches is nothing compared to how difficult this is." Fans of the show took to their Twitter accounts to share their thoughts on the bizarre segment, with @Gillmeg fuming: "@dancingonice is this really where we are - asking Matt Hancock about the show? So he’s just a celebrity now? Really???!" @TheRealDeclan commented: "What the hell is #MattHancock doing in the audience of #DancingOnIce & why is Holly speaking to him? Do we want to see that? And also he’s dressing too young for his age." Kevin Taylor stated: "ITV luvvies all over Hancock s @hollywills @Schofe #dancingonice." DON'T MISS...BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up [INSIGHT]BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah [LATEST]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [WATCH] @gra_246 expressed: "#DancingOnIce Matt Hancock ever present, never wanted." @GoodFairyClean fumed: "Just shouted out loud at my tv…'What the f**k is he doing there?' @hollywills asks @MattHancock 'what song gets you going'." (sic) "Oh Pu-lease! Get that clown aff ma telly. @dancingonice #dancingonice #doi." @SalGMorgan added: "Seriously when the f**k did Matt Hancock become a celeb. Holly bigging him up too maybe read the room #DancingonIce." (sic) Another famous face that viewers noticed in the audience was ChuckleVision star Paul Chuckle having a great time in the front row. Paul, whose real name is Paul Elliott, is one-half of one of children's television's most beloved entertainment duos. Alongside his late brother, Barry, Paul has entertained millions for decades, most notably in ChuckleVision, which ran from 1987 to 2009. Aimée wrote on Twitter: "Not Paul from the chuckle brothers pure jamming ." With @socialmediajon1 commenting: "Please tell me Paul Chuckle is going to be on #dancingonice next year." Dancing on Ice airs Sunday from 6:25pm on ITV.