A Ring doorbell camera has captured horrifying footage of the moment a pair of thugs ambushed a cyclist and subjected him to a brutal beating. Kieran Salkeld, 28, and Jake Duffy, 22, were recorded cornering victim Sam Searson in the front yard of a property on Highfield Road, Rock Ferry, at 11.45am on December 23 last year. Some of the footage had been shared on social media, reports the Liverpool Echo, and showed both Salkeld and Duffy kicking, punching and stamping on helpless Mr Searson for around a minute, while a woman on the opposite side of the road shouts "get off him" and "there's kids here". The full motive for the attack is unclear but, in the footage, Salkeld can be heard shouting to the screaming witness "Mind your own business alright? Mind your own business, he's a little ken [home] robber." Searson then murmurs: "I don't rob ken's lad". Duffy can be heard saying "you know what you done you little ming" while Salkeld replies: "Don't chat s*** lad", as the pair continue to punch and kick him. The two appeared in Liverpool Crown Court today for sentence, after pleading guilty to unlawful wounding without intent and affray at an earlier hearing. Katy Appleton, prosecuting, told the court: "The footage shows the victim, who has been identified as Sam Searson, riding a bicycle along Highfield Road, when a vehicle approaches from behind. "Sam Searson falls into a run, momentarily pushing his bicycle, while running away from a male, later identified as Kieran Salkeld. As Kieran Salkeld approaches, Sam Searson pushes his bike towards him in pre-emptive self-defence.  "The two then come together outside 75 Highfield Road and begin to struggle. Sam Searson is pushed into the front garden by Kieran Salkeld, who is clearly the aggressor. A second male, later identified as Jake Duffy, exits the red vehicle and runs to assist Kieran Salkeld in the assault. Sam Searson is pushed to the ground and, as Jake Duffy approaches, he repeatedly stamps on Sam Searson’s head. "The assault continues and Sam Searson is punched, kicked and stamped to his head by both Jake Duffy and Kieran Salkeld on multiple occasions." The court heard that, at one stage, Mr Searson managed to scramble to his feet and briefly fought back, however Salkeld and Duffy quickly "regained control" and threw him back to the floor, where they carried on kicking and stamping on his head. Audio footage from the clip, which was played in court, captured one of the men shouting: "leave it lad you're going to get nicked". Salkeld replies "You think I give a s*** about getting nicked?". In a second clip, shown in court, Salkeld or Duffy can be heard to say: "You're lucky I didn't have a blade lad, you'd have got chopped up".  The court heard Mr Searson attended Arrowe Park Hospital at around 2.47pm that day, where he was approached by a police officer named PC Jones. Ms Appleton said: "Mr Searson declined to co-operate, refusing to provide a statement or report. However, he did give an unsolicited comment, stating that he was jumped by a number of males, who got out of an unknown vehicle and attacked him at around 12pm by Highfield road and Bedford Road, Rock Ferry. "He thought they were ‘taxing’ his bike but after waking up, he saw that his bike was still there. Sam Searson was desperate to leave the hospital and PC Jones was unable to detain him." The court heard Mr Searson did allow PC Jones to photograph his injuries, and the police were also able to access his medical records after he was treated for his injuries. The records showed Mr Searson suffered injuries to his ribs, forearm and a large laceration to the front of his head which needed glue and steri-strips.  Merseyside Police began investigating the incident and, on January 5, a search warrant was carried out at Duffy's home, where officers found a blue Berghaus jacket matching the one he was wearing in the doorbell footage. Three days later Salkeld was arrested. Neither man responded to questions in their police interviews.  The court heard Salkeld, of Enerby Close, Beechwood, had a lengthy criminal record, amounting to 24 convictions for 30 offences, including assaults, affray, drug dealing and public order offences. Duffy, of Arley Close, Beechwood, only had one previous conviction for violent disorder, relating to a mass brawl outside Anfield stadium in 2020 after Liverpool FC had lifted the Premier League trophy. Salkeld was jailed for 27 months while Duffy was jailed for two years. Salkeld replied "nice one" and both men turned to say goodbye to their families seated in the public gallery. Speaking after the sentencing hearing, Detective Inspector Anna Hackett said: “Salkeld and Duffy showed no remorse for their victim as they brutally attacked him on a residential street in front of several witnesses. “The attack caused great fear in our community, and I would like to thank the residents who assisted our officers with their investigation. I hope this result shows that such physical violence will not be tolerated or accepted on our streets of Merseyside and we will fully investigate and prosecute any offenders.” 