Emmerdale's Vinny Dingle (played by Bradley Johnson) has taken a back seat of late as he continues to come to terms with Liv Flaherty's (Isabelle Steele) death. His love died after being crushed by a caravan during a storm which hit the village. Vicar-turned-police officer Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) was another victim taken by the storm. However, in upcoming scenes, Vinny is dealt another blow when Liv's birthday comes around. In official spoilers released by ITV, a grieving Vinny emotionally toasts to Liv’s 21st birthday. Elsewhere, the Dingles are left struggling with the cold after their boiler stopped working. However, Vinny comes up with a plan to help and ends up turning to crime. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered He ropes in Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) and they are almost caught syphoning oil from Eric Pollard’s (Chris Chittell) oil tank. Belle and Vinny toast to a job well done with the heating back on, however, Lydia (Karen Blick) is less than impressed. Although, it doesn't take her long to come around and Lydia softens her stance on whatever dodgy business they’ve done to fill the oil tank. When the Dingle's boiler broke down, Sam (James Hooton) came under suspicion when Will Taylor's (Dean Andrews) watch went missing. As a result, Kim Tate (Claire King) ended up sacking Sam after asking him to own up. Although, things took an unexpected turn when Will's watch showed up, with newcomer Nicky (Lewis Cope) explaining Thomas was playing with it. After having to eat humble pie, Kim apologised to both Sam and Lydia and their jobs were reinstated. Meanwhile, Vinny's mum Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) aired concerns for her son after he got brutally attacked. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [SPOILERS]Emmerdale's Bob Hope to lose beloved B&B after Bernice betrayal [INSIGHT]The One Show host issues apology after co-host makes error [VIDEO] Vinny was temporarily forced to move in with Mandy as he feared for his life. It came after Vinny turned to gambling as he tried to cope with his grief. The youngster and some of the other villagers began holding poker matches at The Woolpack. This raised concerns with Mandy as she believed the card game would turn into an addiction.  The beautician felt Vinny could be on a downward spiral, fearing he would follow in the footsteps of his father Paul Ashdale (Reece Dinsdale). It is clear to viewers that Vinny has been struggling to cope of late, and with Liv's birthday looming, things will be made worse for the youngster. However, if he gets a thrill after stealing from Eric, could this lead to a life of crime? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.