Two British Airways jets were forced to make emergency landings after passengers reported smoke and a burning smell. Travellers in business class on a flight from Boston to Heathrow told flight attendants they could smell smoke coming from seat 12A.  The jet was over the Atlantic and 600 miles from the nearest airport. A decision was taken to divert to St John’s, Newfoundland, Canada. Almost two hours later, the plane landed with 106 passengers and crew taken to the airport terminal while an inspection was carried out by firefighters. Two attendants were taken to hospital after inhaling fumes when they tried to pinpoint where the smell was coming from. They were later released after a check-up, the Canadian Transport Safety Board said.  An inspection of the seating area, in-flight entertainment units and overhead panels failed to find any source for the smell reported on February 10, according to The Sun. In the second incident, flight attendants on BA216 from Washington Dulles airport to London sprayed a fire extinguisher after reports of burning soon after take-off. The captain declared an emergency to air traffic controllers and the plane landed in Halifax, Nova Scotia. All the passengers disembarked as per emergency procedures as fire crews inspected the jet on February 1. READ ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN BEING BRANDED A LAUGHING STOCK  A report by the Canadian Transport Safety Board revealed crew had used a halon fire extinguisher on a seat in business class. It said passengers reported an acrid burning smell, but there was no smoke around the seats. The BA crew declared a pan-pan emergency, meaning the situation was not life-threatening but urgent assistance was needed.  Meanwhile, it emerged today (February 17) that British Airways' parent company is set to return to profit for the past year. International Consolidated Airlines (IAG), which also runs Spanish operator Iberia, is due to reveal its latest annual financial figures on February 24. It comes amid early positivity in the sector, which has helped support a 30 percent improvement in IAG shares since the start of 2023, amid indications holiday and travel spending is holding up better than many expected during the cost-of-living crisis. Heathrow - British Airways' main base - this week posted its busiest start to the year since before the coronavirus pandemic.  The UK's busiest airport revealed more than 5.4 million passengers travelled through in January, reaching levels not seen since the start of 2020. The news prompted hopes for bumper returns for airliners. Market analysts have predicted IAG will report operating profits of £1.07billion for 2022 in its new update. It will represent a major improvement after the group recorded a £2.45 bn operating loss in 2021 as travel restrictions still held the business back. Sophie Lund-Yates, Lead Equity Analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: "While their clientele might be different, we're cautiously encouraged by what IAG will have to say judging by the impressive boosts to passenger numbers Tui has recently reported."  She added: "It seems IAG's planes are now full enough on each of its flights that profits can start flowing, despite the considerable costs associated with getting capacity back up to pre-pandemic levels. The bigger question is how forward bookings are shaping up." Investors will be hopeful IAG can match its competitors with robust winter passenger numbers, but will be particularly interested in the outlook, so will be on the look out for guidance about summer bookings. Nevertheless, experts have highlighted that shareholders should recognise there is still a significant way to go within the company's post-Covid trajectory. Liberum analyst Gerald Khoo stressed that industry is in only the early stages of recovery from the pandemic, but highlighted this means there is more headroom for potential growth this year. 