We've been washing our hair for as long as we can remember, but how many of us actually know what we're doing? TheSalonGuy took to YouTube to take a deep dive into hair washing. There's a lot of variation when it comes to how often women wash their hair. You might wash it every single day in the shower - or when it just starts to look and feel a bit gross. But how often is too often and how little is too little when it comes to washing your locks? TheSalonGuy revealed that there is no magic number: "There's loads of people on the internet saying, 'Wash your hair every week,' 'Wash it every two weeks,' or 'Wash it once a year,' - there are all these crazy, crazy things. READ MORE: Hair colour which will 'reverse the natural ageing process'  "In my honest opinion, as a hair stylist for many, many years, wash your hair as needed." He urged ladies to think about what their own individual scalp and hair need to stay healthy, rather than following the advice of someone with totally different hair. However, he did provide a guideline: "In my opinion, washing your hair two or three times a week - maybe Monday, Wednesday and Friday - are absolutely perfect." He revealed that washing your hair every two or three days may actually make it "grow faster". This is because it keeps the scalp moisturised with its natural oils. In contrast, washing your hair "too often" might have some negative, rather unsightly effects including dandruff. This is because washing too much strips the hair the natural oils that it needs. For normal hair that isn't getting super dirty every day, that happy medium between over and under-washing might just be every two to three days. For those whose hair gets dirty easily - maybe because they are working a manual job or play lots of sports - this is a different story. TheSalonGuy reassured them that they should "wash their hair as often as possible" - "it's not going to do any damage or be the end of the world". READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged'  The expert moved onto conditioner, explaining that this product keeps the hair "smooth and soft". It also helps prevent and get rid of any tangling, which can lead to damaged follicles. He warned people about washing their hair sans conditioner, as this may leave your locks dry and difficult to comb. TheSalonGuy revealed: "That could be a serious issue because you need a product that’s going to soften your hair and that’s what conditioner does." For those whose hair is too thin or soft, conditioner might be making the problem worse by "weighing it down". In this case, you might be able to skip the conditioner during some hair washing sessions, opting instead for a spray of leave-in conditioner on the ends. Having something coating the bottom of the hair is essential, though, to tame the ends, prevent frizz and flyaways, and protect against UV light.