Despite leaving Manchester United back in November, Cristiano Ronaldo will likely have half an eye on his former side as they battle to win the Europa League. The Red Devils remain on course to claim that competition after impressing in their 2-2 draw with Barcelona on Thursday. And their former No 7 would be eligible for a winners medal if they were to go all the way. Manchester United boosted their chances of reigning supreme in Europe with a 2-2 draw with Barcelona. Though the Red Devils were unable to leave the Nou Camp with victory to their name, it was still yet another impressive performance. United look to be the real deal, for arguably the first time since Sir Alex Ferguson’s emotional retirement in 2013. And few would bet against them overcoming Barcelona, especially given their impressive form at Old Trafford this season. Should United do that, they’ll be the clear favourites to win the Europa League. After all, there’s no tougher team in the tournament to beat than Barcelona - and potentially maybe Arsenal. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford So should they compete in the final come the end of the season, Ronaldo will likely have an eye on the result. Despite leaving Old Trafford back in November, the Al-Nassr star would be eligible for a medal in the event his old side go all the way. Ronaldo bagged twice in the group stages of the competitions, with both of his goals coming against minnows Sheriff. However, it would actually be United who would have the final say. Per 11.03 on UEFA’s official website, whichever team who wins a UEFA competition will receive 40 medals. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit These will then be handed out to the playing and coaching staff - with the governing body refusing to give away any more. But United will then have the last say on whether Ronaldo would be in line to receive one. Given the controversial manner of his departure, the 38-year-old is far from guaranteed additional silverware. Of course, United will still have plenty of work to do go win the Europa League. Should they beat Barcelona, they’ll still need to overcome seven additional fixtures on their way to the prize. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But, without a doubt, United are among the frontrunners to win Europe’s second-tier competition. Meanwhile, Marcus Rashford has been in sensational form for the club ever since Ronaldo’s exit earlier in the season. And Gareth Crooks, writing recently for his BBC Sport column, recently expressed a belief the 25-year-old’s form was down to him being able to be the main man. "I think it's very telling that Manchester United's results have continually improved since the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo and so has Rashford's presence in the team,” he said. He added: "Rashford no longer has to play second fiddle to a player desperate to hang on to former glories, who has far more interest in himself than the team. “The problem has been removed." Ronaldo has bagged five goals in three matches since moving to Saudi Arabia. He is expected to start for Al-Nassr when they lock horns with Al-Taawoun later on Friday (3pm).