Serena Williams has given an honest view on her retirement and says there is 'no excuse' for her not to be playing tennis at the highest level. The 23-time Grand Slam winner showed she can still compete with the world's best at last year's US Open and is still weighing up a U-turn on her retirement decision.  Williams told E!: "I did play the other day, and it's just like, 'There's no way I shouldn't be playing professional tennis'. Like, there's literally no excuse. But I mean, I guess there is an excuse, right? It's hard because when I'm playing I'm like, 'Oh my gosh, I'm pretty good at this. I can continue to do this,' which not a lot of people can say." Williams was taught to play tennis aged three and won her first Grand Slam as a fresh-faced 17-year-old at the US Open in 1999. After spending two decades competing at the highest level the American star is also enjoying spending more time away from the court with her family, causing her a mental dilemma over whether to make a competitive return. She added: "I for sure feel more at peace now. It's interesting. I think I feel torn because I'm still able to play at a very, very, very high level. With that being said, I always wanted to leave the game playing at a very high level. READ MORE: Serena Williams refuses to acknowledge retirement again in hint at tennis return   "I also wanted to walk away when I'm healthy and have a quality of life. But I'm inch by inch leaning away, inch by inch embracing it. I was playing earlier when I first retired because it was hard to do it cold turkey. "But lately, I haven't played so much. And I miss it. I'm like, 'Oh my goodness. I gotta get out there'. But it's hard for me to get out there." DON'T MISS:  Williams added that she is now finding a "balance" in her life and enjoying spending time with her family after a career spent on the tennis circuit. She added: "I've been playing tennis for literally my entire life. My entire being and knowing is just what I've done. "So now, I'm inch by inch finding my way. Obviously, I love other businesses that I've done. But just inch by inch leaning into that and leaning into my family and leaning into just having fun. I think it's so important to do all those and still create that balance." 