Loris Karius made a howler in the warm-up ahead of his Newcastle debut in Sunday's Carabao Cup final against Manchester United. The German didn't look at his sharpest before the game at Wembley. Karius was the goalkeeper Eddie Howe selected for the first domestic final of the season. Newcastle were without suspended Nick Pope following his red card against Liverpool last weekend. Martin Dubravka would have been next in line to start but he is cup-tied having played for their opponents United while on loan at Old Trafford earlier in the season. So Karius has had a week to prepare to play his first competitive match in two years. He only signed for the Magpies on a free transfer in September following his release from Liverpool last summer. He didn't play for the Reds last season, with his last outing coming for Union Berlin in 2021 during a loan spell at the Bundesliga club. READ MORE: Benni McCarthy played role in Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub  Karius would understandably have been nervous heading into Sunday's game. And that showed in the pre-match warm-up. ESPN have posted footage of the goalkeeper having some shots fired at him. The first shot was spilt by the 29-year-old but he quickly recovered and smothered the ball. However, the next shot saw Karius spill the ball to his left and into the net. Fans immediately noticed the error and pointed it out in the replies to the tweet. Karius is mostly remembered for his performance for Liverpool in the 2018 Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid. He had a night to forget in Kyiv, where he gifted Real two goals in their 3-1 victory. DON'T MISSBenni McCarthy was left 'heartbroken' by Man Utd and Mourinho hammered himFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man Utd  Newcastle boss Eddie Howe insisted this week he hadn't discussed that final with Karius. And he said his third-choice stopper was ready for a huge occasion. Howe told Sky Sports: "I've never really discussed [the 2018 final] at any length with him. We've all got stuff that's happened in our careers and our histories that you learn from and he's no different in that respect. "Since day one, since he's come here, he started where he hadn't had a lot of work before joining us, he's trained with our goalkeeper coaches in a really good way and I think his general performances in training have improved as he's spent more time with us. I think he's in a good place and he's ready to play." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 