Queen Letizia arrived at Luanda's airport, in Angola, with her husband King Felipe for a royal tour, and she looked stunning in a pink jumpsuit after a seven-hour flight. In the morning, the couple were photographed at Madrid airport and Queen Letizia was seen wearing a black oversized coat. For her arrival in the African country, however, Letizia opted for a more summery outfit and donned a chic pale pink jumpsuit. The Spanish monarch combined it with matching stilettos and a soft pink handbag. She kept her hair loose around her shoulders and opted for a natural make-up look while King Felipe sported a navy suit and a light pink tie matching his wife's outfit. READ MORE: Twitter users erupt over Grammys clip of Taylor Swift  The pink ensemble that the Queen of Spain chose for her arrival in Angola was from Hugo Boss, one of her favourite designers. For accessories, she opted for Magrit shoes and a Carolina Herrera handbag, also two of her go-to fashion brands, and she donned a pair of bamboo earrings and a gold ring from Coreterno. On their first day in the African country, the Spanish royals are set to visit the Presidential Palace and will undertake several official engagements in order to strengthen the relationship between the two countries. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below  Royal fans took to social media to comment on the Queen's outfit with many saying they "loved" the look and that Letizia looked "beautiful". "She looks so pretty!" commented @tatiana.arriagadao, and royal watcher @juanas_frei said: "She looks impeccable." Royal fan @letizia_de_princesa_a_reina added: "The truth is that the look is very simple but I was surprised, I love it!" Instagram user @_daniela_pl_ said: "Is this a jumpsuit? Such a beautiful colour!" while another one said that the Queen looked "so elegant".  READ MORE: Queen Letizia of Spain wows in 'super stylish' look today However, some opined the jumpsuit looked like a pyjama with social media user @pazsanchog commenting: "Pyjama party!" Royal watcher @tessalovescooking added: "Love her. But not a fan of these pants and blouse. It looks like pyjamas!"  Another one, @francercr, agreed: "She is very beautiful but the look is horrendous. She reminds me of Tinkerbell." The Spanish royals will meet the president of Angola, João Manuel Gonçalves Lourenço, and the first lady, Ana Afonso Dias Lourenço, for a welcome lunch tomorrow. Queen Letizia is considered one of the most stylish European royals and for her last outing in Madrid, she wore a fabulous green dress. The monarch met with representatives of the Red Cross at the Zarzuela Palace in Madrid last week and she chose an embellished gown. The mid-length dress was emerald green and boasted asymmetrical patterns all over the bodice and skirt. The royal combined it with a black coat and a pair of black stilettos.