Novak Djokovic has confirmed that he will play in next week's ATP 500 in Dubai as he awaits a decision from the US government over whether he can play in Indian Wells and Miami. The world No 1 is speaking at a press conference at his Novak Tennis Centre in Serbia following his Australian Open win last month. Djokovic is addressing the media for the first time since he won a record-equalling 22nd Grand Slam title at the Australian Open last month. It comes after his brother Djordje revealed that the world No 1 had applied for a "special permit" to enter America and play Indian Wells and Miami next month, with unvaccinated travellers still banned. While many expected the Serb to provide an update on his situation, he confirmed on Wednesday that he was still waiting to hear whether he could compete in the two Masters 1000s next month but offered an injury update and told reporters that he would travel to Dubai on Thursday ahead of next week's ATP 500 event. Addressing the hamstring injury he suffered with during the Australian Open, Djokovic said in Serbian: “As for the injury I sustained at the Australian Open, it's healed, but I'm not 100 percent yet. Things are looking very good. As a team, we made the decision to go to Dubai.” JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios explains what made him imitate sex act at Queen's   As for his schedule beyond next week's tournament, Djokovic confirmed he had put in a request for a permit as he added: "The process for that has started. It is out of my control now. "I'd love to play and I'm glad I received the approval of directors in Miami and Indian Wells. I hope the decision makers will give the approval." DON'T MISSMessi responds to Nadal after being left 'speechless' by messageNick Kyrgios says pyramids aren't man-made and Earth may be flatKyrgios rejects McEnroe, Agassi and makes Djokovic vs Federer claim  The 22-time Major winner also opened up on his schedule beyond Indian Wells and Miami as he looked to the clay season. Djokovic confirmed that he would start the clay swing at the Monte Carlo Masters before heading to the Banja Luka Open. His brother Djordje is the tournament director of the Banja Luka Open, which has been moved from its usual location of Belgrade, Serbia this year. Djokovic is yet to decide which other events he will play in the lead-up to the French Open.