Smash BBC crime drama, Happy Valley, has taken the nation by storm and - to much disappointment - the final episode of the Yorkshire-based show is set to air it's last ever episode on Sunday evening. Like many, Yorkshire Live's Megan Shaw, is a massive fan. So, ahead of the grand finale, she decided to head to the real-life Happy Valley (Hebden Bridge) for the day and see what it was actually like. Here is how she got on. Now, I'm well aware that TV is a whole lot of smoke and mirrors, begins Megan, but given I've spent the last nine years with the pre-conceived idea that Hebden Bridge was the crime capital of Halifax, thanks to Tommy Lee Royce and the Knezevic's, I was rather surprised by my findings. I arrived in Hebden Bridge from the other side of the Pennines (don't shoot me), after around a 50-minute drive, to find a quaint and picturesque little Yorkshire town. The cobbled roads were lined with minimalistic cafes, independent shops and artisanal bars, swarming with tourists. It's a far cry from what I was expecting, given the scenes of council estate-style flats and crime-littered streets I associated it with. I enjoyed a browse around the local shops including a vintage clothing shop, a crockery shop and a traditional sweet shop to name a few, before heading to a local bar, Vocation, for a bite to eat and a beer.  Later sampling a local wine shop, which was just up the road from Neil's shop, conveniently enough. He doesn't work on Saturdays though! I also wandered around the local market, which was filled with stalls selling homemade candles, jewellery, knitwear and more. There were also several street food stalls dotted around, which all smelt incredible. Of course, I couldn't resist having a mooch around for some of the most iconic filming locations whilst I was there.  A quick Google search told me that Catherine Cawood's house is located on Hangingroyd Lane. I was surprised to learn that the street is quite literally a three-minute walk from the town centre. Walking up the back alley, which is the most regularly featured shot, it felt really bizarre, as if Catherine, Clare or Ryan could have walked out at any moment (in my dreams). There was even a football net out back, which I'm absolutely convinced is Ryan's. Other locations I spotted were the Chinese takeaway, which features in the first series, it is where Catherine spots Tommy Lee Royce peering through the window and famously spins the car around to get a better look at her arch-nemesis.  As well as Hebden Bridge Train Station, where Ryan boards the train to Leeds to go and watch his dad, Tommy Lee Royce, face the jury at Leeds Crown Court. Well escape, but he wasn't to know! I also spotted Ryan's primary school, which features heavily in the first two series, on my way home, this is a little further out of the centre but naturally, I forced my sister to pull over the car so I could get out and take a picture.  The overall feel that I got was that Hebden Bridge is a really lovely place, the people are friendly and appear to live a happy and sociable life and it felt much safer than I'd presumed - I didn't even need the bulletproof vest I wore as a precaution! There was a busker in the middle of the square singing indie music as locals gathered around him smiling and none of it really screamed violence and danger at me. There wasn't a police officer in sight and sadly, much to my dismay, no Tommy Lee Royce either! All in all, I had a great day out and will definitely make sure to frequent more often - next time without the vest. 