A family has been criticised for letting their daughter sing Frozen throughout a meal out at a posh restaurant. Another diner, who had gone out for a "celebration lunch" to the venue, which they described as "a step up from your regular restaurant", said her experience was spoiled by the group which included two young children. The baby cried, which the other diner accepted was to be anticipated, but they said the little girl, aged around six, was allowed to sing "at the top of her voice for over an hour". The diner  said she felt the parents should have told their daughter to stop singing, Bristol Live reports. But her post on parenting forum Mumsnet was met with a mixed reaction. "One was a babe in arms who cried - fair enough, babies cry and after a while of not being able to quiet him or her, dad went out and walked around outside," the woman posted. "Much appreciated that he did that. However, the other child, a girl of about five or six, was allowed to sing, at the top of her voice for over an hour. The same line over and over, which I finally worked out was 'I don't care' from Let It Go. "I get that it is hard to manage kids in public sometimes but you could see people looking from all over the restaurant," she said. "Am I unreasonable to think those parents should have said something to this child and told her to stop?" The woman said her "expensive meal" was ruined by the shenanigans at the adjacent table. One sympathetic parent wrote: "They shouldn't have taken their kid there if she couldn't be quiet. I have a toddler and I would never take her to somewhere like that. Although I would have thought a five-year-old would know not to do that." Someone else said: "When ours were that young, we stuck to family restaurants where there were usually lots of noisy kids. I’d not have taken them to a ‘fancy’ restaurant where people were spending a lot." But one Mumsnet user said: "Children are children; they'll always be noisy but we have to accept that." Another woman shared a similar experience while travelling on a train with a dad and two kids. She said: "The train stopped in a tunnel for 40 minutes. For the entire time the girls were allowed to practice a long, clapping rhyme neither of them could actually finish. The entire time, over and over and over again. I went from thinking 'he'll tell them to quieten down in a minute', through 'how the hell can he just pretend he hasn't noticed' to being fascinated about how long he could keep ignoring them."