Millions of households in Britain consume avocados, but they are notoriously hard to store and ripen, with many spoiling quickly and therefore being thrown away. Express.co.uk put four common storage hacks to the test in a bid to see which one was the most effective at keeping the inside flesh of an avocado, green for the longest. I purchased a four-pack of Asda’s Just Essentials avocados on January 14 and placed them into the fridge as soon as I got home. 12 days later, on January 26, I took two avocados out of the packet and placed them into a fruit bowl - the avocados were still firm as the fridge has slowed the ripening process. The bowl with two avocados in, sat next to another fruit bowl on my kitchen table, which contained bananas - a fruit that gives off ethylene gas, causing fruit to ripen quicker. By January 30, the avocados were perfectly ripe and I cut them in half, before storing each half differently in the fridge on the same shelf. After 10 days, there was only one successful food storage hack for keeping avocados perfectly green. READ MORE: Keep potatoes edible for ‘months’ with new storage advice Day 1 - Half an avocado, with the stone still in the middle was placed inside a zip lock bag and into the fridge. Day 2 - The flesh had turned brown already. Day 3/4 - The flesh was still brown.Day 5 - The flesh now had visible signs of white mould appearing. This half an avocado was thrown into the bin. Day 1 - Half an avocado with no stone was wrapped in cling film and placed into the fridge. Day 2 - Small areas of the flesh showed signs of browning. Day 3/4 - The flesh had browned further. Day 5 - The top layer of the flesh was brown but edible. DON'T MISS...Stop tulips drooping by using a pin or a penny [GUIDE]Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show [EXPERT]Best gadget to ‘hygienically clean’ clothes and ‘kill 99% of bacteria' [VIDEO] Day 1 - Half an avocado with no stone, placed into an avocado container and then into the fridge. Day 2 - The flesh had small areas of browning. Day 3/4 - The flesh had browned further. Day 5 - The top layer of the flesh was brown but edible. READ MORE: Clever method to cook rice in 25 mins - no boiling or steaming Day 1 - Half an avocado with no stone, doused in lemon juice and placed into a sealed container and then into the fridge. Day 2 - The flesh was perfectly green. Day 3/4 - The flesh was still green. Day 5 - The flesh was still green. Day 7 - The flesh was still green but slight browning on the inside where the stone had originally been. This is probably because the lemon juice in the plastic pot was unable to get into this area. Day 10 - The majority of the flesh was still green, but where the stone had been was now brown as there was no lemon juice left in this area. From purchasing the avocados to ripening and prolonging its shelf life after being cut, an avocado can be kept for three weeks and four days (minimum), if stored in the fridge as soon as you get home, and then doused in lemon juice and placed into a sealed plastic container in the fridge. To make ensure all areas of the avocado don’t turn brown, I could’ve added more lemon juice to the inside area where the stone originally was. As for why lemon juice works so successfully at stopping an avocado from turning brown, the acidic properties in lemons react with oxygen first, before it reacts with the avocado.