Graham Potter insists Chelsea's recent run of results are "not good enough". The Blues suffered another defeat on Sunday, this time at the hands of London rivals Tottenham. After a goalless first half, Oliver Skipp opened the scoring just 20 seconds after half-time. The midfielder let fly with a powerful effort which Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga got a hand to but wasn't able to keep out. Chelsea rarely threatened Fraser Forster's goal and Spurs sealed the win with a Harry Kane goal in the final 10 minutes of the match. The visitors are now winless in their last six matches in all competitions for the first time in 10 years. That statistic was put to Potter after the match at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium by Sky Sports reporter Geoff Shreeves. And he was clear that it was not good enough for a club the size of Chelsea. Reacting specifically to that record, Potter said: "Well I think whenever you hear those results, I know the responsibility. They're not good enough for this club, they're not good enough for us, we're not happy with them. READ MORE: Benni McCarthy played role in Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub  "We have to understand the moment we're in but at the same time I take full responsibility for those results. It isn't good enough for Chelsea. We want to try and improve it, absolutely. "I thought the players were there on the pitch, they were giving everything, I had no complaints with how they were. It's just the goal changes the complexion of the game and then it makes it difficult for us." Potter has received full support from the Chelsea owners so far. But he knows if the results don't come, that could change. He added: "Of course, I think that is the same as anybody in any job anywhere. We know where our responsibilities lie and if results aren't good enough, which they aren't at the moment, you can't rely on support forever, that's for sure.  "So my job is to keep going, keep working with the team to try and change the moment. The players are hurting, that's for sure, they're giving everything. "They're there, they want the results to get better, I can feel it in the dressing room, I know they're hurting and it's a tough moment for us." Potter insists he is still the right man for the job and believes he can turn the club's form around. He concluded: "Yeah because I know their personality, I know the quality in the team. "But I also know we've had a tough period of time where confidence isn't massively high, we're in a little bit of a tough situation. But I know the personality of the group and the personality of the dressing room. "The response this week has been fantastic in terms of training, we just haven't been able to manage to transfer that into results on the pitch, and that's frustrating." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 