Last week's Happy Valley saw escaped criminal Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) making contact with Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah), but was he in fact trying to assist police by communicating with his dangerous father? On top of this, the episode threw up a lot of other questions and had fans' hearts pounding throughout the intense hour. A new theory for the BBC drama suggests background character Alison Garrs (Susan Lynch) will have an integral role in the concluding stand-off between Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) and evil Tommy. Despite having played a big role in the series two subplot, Alison's character has very much taken a backseat in the current episodes. She has been seen only in background scenes assisting Catherine with jobs and occasionally chatting with the protagonist. However, her seemingly trivial presence has sparked speculation in some fans that Alison is going to play a huge role in the final episode. Taking to Reddit, one fan put forward an interesting theory about the character. READ MORE: POLL: Should Happy Valley continue for a fourth series?  Forum user u/M1ke2345 shared their thoughts for the final episode, writing: "I've said all along that I think she’s [Alison] going to play an integral in the finale. "She’s a big star and to have her back as a background character is not why she’s there. "She wasn’t listed in last night's episode. BUT… She is listed as being on next week’s finale. "There’s going to be some kind of payback, in terms of her sacrificing herself to save Catherine I think, kind of in the same way that Catherine saved her by not judging her and just holding her on the doorstep after Alison had shot her son, and making herself available for Alison when she came out of prison." Alison was very isolated in the town, living with just her son, Daryl Garrs (Robert Emms). In series two, she found out bullied farm boy Daryl had been murdering women. After promising the vulnerable youngster they would run away together, she shot him in the back of the head to protect him from facing prison. Alison attempted to turn the gun on herself but Catherine reached her before tragedy struck again. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast host shut down as co-star insists 'don't need you' [VIDEO]EastEnders heartbreak for Zack and Whitney over tragic news [SPOILER]Richard Madeley sparks uproar as he gets 'facts wrong' in GMB clash [REACTION] The police officer comforted Alison and has been there for her since she left prison in series three, while others in the town have avoided her. Although the heartbreaking story of Alison and her son seems to have been told, it's clear she very much remains a part of the ongoing story. Furthermore, her subtle friendship with Catherine has lasted despite the pair both being at the centre of their own dramas. Could the latest theory hold some truth about Alison's surprisingly big role in the last episode? Perhaps Alison will end up protecting Catherine from her inevitable showdown with Tommy, who has made clear he is after her. Still living a somewhat isolated life and no doubt traumatised by what happened with Daryl, perhaps Alison will risk her life to help her friend. The trailer for the concluding episode, which was released on Tuesday, showed Catherine breaking down in tears in the street. Could this come after Alison ends up dying at the hands of psychotic killer, Tommy? Fans will have to wait until Sunday to find out exactly how Alison's story will end. Happy Valley concludes on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.