Arsenal will win the Premier League in the next few years, claims Simon Jordan. However, the former Crystal Palace chairman believes this season is too soon for Mikel Arteta's side. Arsenal dropped to second in the table with a 3-1 defeat to nearest rivals Manchester City on Wednesday. City are only top on goal difference and the Gunners have a game in hand. However, Arsenal are now without a win in their last four matches in all competitions and have dropped more points in their last three league games than they did in their first 19 of the campaign. Jordan believes City will finish top this term, with Manchester United perhaps pipping Arsenal to second, agreeing with Gary Neville's long-term verdict on the title race. However, he is convinced the good times are returning at the Emirates and is sure they will end their wait for a title soon. Jordan told talkSPORT: "There's no doubt in my mind, watching Arsenal yesterday and watching the nature of the fans' support, Arteta has got them at it. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Key figures 'jealous of Tottenham' as Qatar lead race  "I'm not always in his camp for the Jack-in-a-box stuff, but he's got the unity there. This is a lot to do with Arteta the noise in that stadium. "So what I came away thinking was I began to think in my mind that despite thinking Arsenal could do this, I don't think they will and I think they might even get pipped by Man United in second spot. "But what I saw was a side that is inevitably going to win the Premier League in the next couple of years. They're a good side, they're a good unit, they're a well-managed team." Jordan questioned Arteta's team selection against City. But he believes the project the Spaniard has built is a serious one which will bear fruit. DON'T MISSAguero addresses 'internal problems' at Man City after Guardiola axed De BruyneChelsea told they've signed a new Fabregas as key quality pointed outTottenham could have new dazzling XI if billionaire Iranian-American buys club  He added: "Some strange decisions. I thought it was strange putting [Takehiro] Tomiyasu in front of Ben White, I know there's an argument Ben White hasn't been as good as he has been at the beginning of the season, but [Tomiyasu] looked a rabbit in the headlights for the first 20 minutes of the first half. "All things being equal, you look at Arsenal and I've always had this relationship with Arsenal over the years, going back to my engagements with David Dein where I had a certain view of the football club, I respect it. "And you've got this attitude of the prawn sandwich brigade and the library - it isn't that. This is a fully engaged football club and a fully engaged set of players."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here