There are 28,000 species of orchid with moth orchids, also known as phalaenopsis, being one of the most popular. The popular indoor plant can be bought from most garden centres or from supermarkets. The plant is known for its long, coarse roots and bright green leaves. In the wild, orchids can be found in tropical rainforests where they are attached to trees but don’t actually penetrate the bark. Due to their natural environment, orchids like humidity and need good drainage, but also need regular water to keep them happy. According to Dani Turner, customer service director at family-run florist Bunches, overwatering is the “biggest culprit” when it comes to killing orchids. Dani said: “Orchids have great longevity but they also require some care. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn mould around my window - photos “The biggest culprit of prematurely killing an orchid is by overwatering it or letting it sit in water, which can lead to rotting.” The flower expert said there are “many ways to extend the life” of your orchid but finding the right position for your plant is one of the easiest ways. The phalaenopsis orchid, also known as the moth orchid, is the “most common type” grown in the UK and needs bright but indirect light. An east or west-facing windowsill is “ideal” but be wary of how much direct sunlight it gets, as the leaves can scorch if there is too much sunlight. DON'T MISSFour ‘very offensive’ plants ‘effective’ at deterring rats [INSIGHT]‘Effective and safe’ tips to stop cats and foxes pooing in your garden [UPDATE]Use natural method that 'takes no time at all' to descale kettle [ANALYSIS] However, if the leaves are dark green, it is a sign that your plant needs more light. Orchid leaves also need to be wiped occasionally to remove any dust that has settled. Orchid flowers can last a while, but once they’ve fallen off the stem it’s time to cut the stem off near the root above one of the nodes to “encourage new growth”. During the winter months, most homes will have their central heating on which can make the air dry. READ MORE: Top four ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove mould and condensation Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Orchids grow best in humid atmospheres so they don’t always thrive in our hot, dry homes over the winter months. A “quick fix” to create humidity is to mist the foliage of the plant every two to three days with tepid water. Be careful to not spray the flower directly as it only needs to be the foliage. Orchids also need repotting regularly in order to thrive. Dani said: “You should also look to repot your plant each year, to allow it to grow. “Signs it’s time to repot include your orchid having tightly tangled roots which need breathing room, or your plant’s roots being soft and brown, which can happen from overwatering. “Orchids are popular as gifts, but can often end up being thrown away once the bloom fades or due to it not being in the right environment in a home. “If you take the above steps, your phalaenopsis orchid will live for many years.”