Fans are convinced that the couple have rekindled their romance as Briana Dejesus continues to upload snaps on Instgram of the pair sharing a meal and looking happy together. Many took to social media to comment on the pictures. And there was a mixed response at the potential reunion, with many claiming that the pair reuniting was solely for them to get extra screen time in the show. One fan commented: "She’s trying to secure a spot for the next season." While another said: "My thoughts too. But I’m here for it because I love the love he has for those girls." A third fan replied: "She’s trying to secure a spot for the next season," READ MORE: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap Other fans were equally critical of the union calling out Briana for being "messy", advising Devoin to get out while he can. Posting on Reddit they wrote: "Briana is so messy I can definitely see this happening. Devoin needs to run." Briana, who shares daughter Nova with Devoin, has remained tight-lipped about the pair reuniting but according to fans, all the signs show that they are back together. Some even took to the site to suggest that the possible reunion was a bad idea. Another fan added to the thread saying: "Bri and Devoin have been spending lots of time together, without Nova too!" While another was convinced they spotted the potential romance early, writing: "I knew it. Lol. Hey…they both know what they are getting into."(sic) A third posted appealed to Devoin directly suggesting that he could do better, while another claimed that the couple did not have a romantic connection at all. Briana has been busy keeping her fans guessing. She recently shared a series of pictures DONT MISS: JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [;ATEST] Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck unveil 'commitment' tattoos  [LATEST] Strictly's Motsi Mabuse swipes at Jennifer Lopez over Ben Affleck [LATEST] They looked cosy as they sat together at a Teen Mom reunion party, which was held at Briana’s Florida home. Devoin, who was pictured next to her, was all smiles as he posed for the shot. The new images come as it was claimed that Devoin had sensationally quit the show due to "payment and planning" issues. Last September the reality star posted a lengthy message on his Instagram page criticising MTV and the crew. He wrote: "Y'all want some tea?" he began, alongside a frog and coffee emoji. "So I attend Nova's birthday party...MTV there as usual. All of 2 seconds went by since I walked thru the door and I'm approached by people who I never met asking me to mic up...like dude laxxxx. "So I know this is something cooked up by MTV...not genuine. So my father insists that I be present bc wtf? "After that's settled...They then can't even agree to pay my parents a decent penny...seeing that they did several scenes for the freeski."(sic) Express.co.uk has contacted MTV for comment.