Amanda Owen, 48, took to Instagram earlier this week to share an insight into her and her children’s lives on Ravenseat Farm. The Yorkshire Shepherdess uploaded a series of “gorgeous” snaps of the kids tending to the horses in view of her 536,000 followers. She captioned the post: “Brought Josie and Princess down into the pastures ready for the farrier visiting tomorrow.” However, some fans were left wondering who would be in charge of the farm while Amanda is busy filming for her new show on More4, called Amanda Owen’s Extraordinary Farming Lives. Sylvia.phipp said: “Who looks after the farm and the children whilst Amanda is away for days filming?!!!” Lynda.phillips.9461 added: “Just realised now that all the children are at school and it’s only Clive and Amanda at home they’ve got no help during the day, so the only filming will be of them showing how hard it is to work by themselves, but they will get the help after school and at the weekends. “This is where Amanda can really show how hard it is to be a sheep farmer where they are.” Simon.p.fenwick chimed in: “Great to see your young daughters helping out with your gorgeous horses.” Last week, Amanda opened up about her heartbreak following the devastating aftermath of the catastrophic earthquakes that impacted Syria and Turkey. She took to Twitter to share her distress amid the crisis as the mum-of-nine admitted she feels "helpless". The shepherdess - who recently made her new show debut after Our Yorkshire Farm ended after five series - was inundated with messages of support as she shed a tear. Taking to the micro-blogging site, Amanda shared a candid message with her 208,000 followers, which she accompanied with a picture of her children. She wrote: "Beyond comprehension to imagine the utter devastation in aftermath of earthquakes. “Lives destroyed in the blink of an eye, feel helpless. What to do? DON'T MISS...Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [LATEST]Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [BRIT AWARDS]Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES] "Donate… pray… reflect on how fortunate we are? Saw Reubs watching excavators sifting through rubble on TV, where would you start? [emoji with a tear]." The World Health Organisation (WHO) has warned that the death toll in Turkey could pass 20,000. Monday's earthquakes in the country and neighbouring Syria razed thousands of buildings to the ground, with some tremors clocking in at 7.8 and 7.5 on the Richter scale. Following Amanda's post she was quickly inundated with messages as social media users offered their support. Alison tweeted: "So tragic and heartbreaking." Stuart agreed: "It’s a reality check for sure. All my trivial problems seem so pathetic right now. I have to stop myself thinking about all the people still trapped as we speak. Not being able to help them. Thank god for the rescue teams arriving to do what I can’t." Julie wrote: "It's unimaginable Amanda, I can't even begin to think how awful it must be in Turkey at the moment." Jax commented: "I know it's absolutely heartbreaking... I can't watch it or I'll cry." Amanda has launched her own programme, Amanda Owen's Real Farming Lives, which broadcasts weekly on Channel 4's sister channel, More 4.