Arsenal could soon face the possibility of losing teenage sensation Ethan Nwaneri to Chelsea, who have reportedly earmarked him as one for the future at Stamford Bridge. The Gunners have already seen one of their most promising young players jump ship to Chelsea in recent months, with Omari Hutchinson making the switch towards the end of the summer transfer window. It seems as though Nwaneri, who became the youngest player in Premier League history when he came on as a substitute for Arsenal against Brentford earlier this season, could be poised to follow Hutchinson to Chelsea if Todd Boehly gets his wish over the coming months. The Blues have identified the 15-year-old as a target for the summer months and could look to poach him from Arsenal before next season gets underway, according to football.london.Arsenal are said to be working on a new deal for Nwaneri in order to ward off the external interest in his services, although Chelsea are reportedly hoping to convince him to join their ranks instead of committing his long-term future to his current employers. Manchester City have also been credited with a keen interest in Nwaneri and will be expected to keep a close eye on his progress in north London over the next few months.Nwaneri has not played again for Arsenal at senior level since his record-breaking appearance at Brentford and has instead been working on his development in the club's youth system. He is a regular for their under-18 side, chipping in with two league goals and three assists over the course of the season to date, and has already scored three times in nine matches for England at under-17 level. JUST IN: Man City 'have Pep Guardiola quit belief' amid Premier League row Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta previously spoke of his admiration for Nwaneri after handing him his senior debut earlier in the campaign but insisted that he may need to take a step back before eventually getting his chance to establish himself in the first-team picture."It was a feeling that I had yesterday, I don't know why," the Spaniard told the club website. "The first day I met him I looked him in his eyes and everyone was telling me about him, Per [Mertesacker] was telling me about him. "Because of the injuries we only had 12 or 13 senior players yesterday to put in the squad and we decided to bring him, and that's it. It's one step, one experience, so enjoy it and congratulations. It's just one step and all the steps in your career are not forward and you have to know that."You can go forward then backwards and then forwards. You fall, you go back. That's, unfortunately, this industry and the football career of any player." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.