Fortnite fans are counting down to the release of update 23.40 on PS4, PS5, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC, Android and Nintendo Switch. The next major Fortnite update has a February 14 release date and a 9am GMT UK launch time. Needless to say, as a numbered update, the game will be taken offline for server maintenance, beginning when matchmaking is disabled at 8.30am GMT, and ending when the servers come back online at around 11am. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter, alongside a teaser about what fans can expect. "Prepare to break open the vault tomorrow with Update v23.40!" reads an Epic tweet. "Downtime begins at 4 AM ET, with matchmaking being disabled shortly before." Based on Epic's tweet and recent leaks, it looks like update 23.40 could introduce some kind of most wanted criminal system, or maybe even a vault heist. That's on top of the usual array of new skins, not to mention additional augments, new quests, unvaulted items and lots more. Epic will also add the second School of Llama Path, which rewards players with the Geralt of Rivia Lobby Track on completion. Express Online will update this article with all the new cosmetics and gameplay features when downtime begins. In the meantime, check out the update 23.40 patch notes below. Fortnite update 23.40 patch notes General fixes • The Sparkle Specialist outfit is not reflective and shiny. - The Sparkle Specialist outfit does not look sparkly/shiny and instead appears matte. • Sarah Connor's Resistance Leader style has a stretched face. - The Resistance Leader style for the Sarah Connor outfit appears to have a stretched face when performing some Emotes or actions. • Players are unable to claim the Exile variation of the Mind's Eye back bling • Sub mode select screen may appear blank. - After previously selecting a Team Size or Fill Party option from the mode select screen, players may be presented with no options to change. Battle Royale and Zero Build fixes • School of Llama banners missing/greyed out - We're aware that banners received from completing School of Llama challenges may be missing from the Locker or "Equip" may be greyed out. • "Shadow Strike" Augment temporarily disabled. - The Shadow Striker Augment and have temporarily disabled it from the pool of unlocked selections. It may still appear and unlock when a player first discovers it. • The "Icy Slide" Augment description is incorrect. - The description of the "Icy Slide" Augment incorrectly says you get a speed boost after sliding, when you actually get a speed boost while sliding as intended. • Peely’s Plunder may lead to treasure in inaccessible areas. - Players may find the Peely’s Plunder augment can occasionally lead them to treasure in an inaccessible area. Creative fixes • Save Device may reset player scores and other stats - The Save Device may reset player stats if players are playing your game during your game update. during your game update. • Tiles can become invisible in color switch game mode - We're aware of an issue where tiles may become invisible in color switch game modes. Mobile fixes • Some devices may be capped to 60 FPS despite selecting 90 FPS - Some Android devices may find that despite having 90fps as the selected framerate, it will get capped at 60 FPS.