Rafa Benitez has spoken on the importance of Liverpool beating another of his former teams Everton. The Reds won the Merseyside derby 2-0 on Monday but Benitez also has a warning for manager Jurgen Klopp. Goals from Mohamed Salah and Cody Gakpo sealed Liverpool's first Premier League win of 2023. The home support at Anfield sang Benitez's name to rub salt in the wounds for Everton. Benitez had an unsuccessful spell in charge of the Toffees at the beginning of last season. It only made his relationship with Everton fans worse following his time in charge of their neighbours earlier in his career. The Spaniard says it was vital Liverpool got back to winning ways and insists there were glimmers of them being back to their old selves. He told Onda Cero: "I saw Liverpool-Everton and I think it was very important for Liverpool because they have reconnected with the sensations. But they have lost many pieces." READ MORE: Barcelona vs Man Utd dubbed 'a scandal' by Spanish press despite Ten Hag fury  However, Benitez is wary of Liverpool's chances of progress in the Champions League. They face another of his former clubs Real Madrid in the last-16 stage, with the first leg at Anfield next week. Benitez believes Real could exploit Trent Alexander-Arnold's defensive frailties. He also doesn't think the likes of Roberto Firmino and Diogo Jota will be ready for a match of that intensity. He added: "If Madrid manages to get out of the pressure by playing and finds Alexander-Arnold's back there they will hurt him. The players who are recovering will not arrive with the rhythm of the competition." Firmino and Jota both came on as substitutes in the second half of Monday's win. Jota in particular has struggled with injuries this season. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Qatar make three promises as details emerge after Barcelona drawMason Greenwood: Man Utd latest as players to have say on return after phone callLiverpool could sign £66m talent Klopp rates thanks to Chelsea 'swap offer'  The 26-year-old has made just five Premier League appearances and appeared four times in the Champions League group stage. Meanwhile, Benitez has been out of work since being sacked by Everton 13 months ago. The 62-year-old is still keen on returning to management and wants to oversee a long-term strategy. He said: "I would like to take a project where I can work with the youth and reach the level you can reach, I would like to do that. "There are teams that would never sign me because I have been in the rival. I couldn't go to Barcelona... Atletico would be something else. "What I wouldn't do would be to spend five years in mid-table. The offers I've had don't motivate me. I would like to take a project and try to take it to the maximum."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here