Helen Flanagan, 32, took to Instagram to share a selection of negative comments she had received after posting a fashion reel. The former Coronation Street star was branded "tacky and unclassy" in an array of comments, sparking her to comment on the "vile" jibes. Helen took to the picture-sharing app last week to give fans a glimpse into her glamorous Valentine's Day outfit, following her split from ex-fiancé Scott Sinclair. The actress left little to the imagination in the red sleeveless dress, featuring a plunging neckline, exposing her ample assets. Following numerous nasty remarks, the soap star shared an array of jibes she'd received since posting the video. In view of her one million followers, Helen shared a post with several images, with the first reading: "Empowered women empower women." READ MORE: Gabby Logan addresses regret in marriage with husband Kenny She then shared screenshots of herself in the outfit, with a selection of social media users' comments over the image. One read: "What happened to classy, Helen." Another said: "Let's hope no children see this as a role model or aspirational. Fake is not the way." Helen captioned her lengthy post: "So I shared a fashion reel a few days ago and I was a bit taken back by the not so nice comments I got on the post. "I was more shocked that the majority of them were from women. I’m a girls girl and very much for other women and I always have another woman back. "I don’t believe women should comment negatively about other women. I enjoy seeing women feel glamorous and empowered and dress how they want to dress. "Sometimes I see outfits that I wouldn’t wear as maybe they are too revealing for me but I just think good on the girl that has the confidence to wear what she wants to wear. "I had some comments from other women about being 'tacky' or 'unclassy' well to me being a woman and speaking so badly of another woman's appearance is 'tacky and unclassy'." DON'T MISS... Holly Willoughby almost spilled out of dress in sensational photos [PICS] Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce [COMMENT] Hollywood icon Raquel Welch dies at 82 following 'brief illness' [DEATH] Helen then went on to call the replies "vile" while also discussing the "role model" claim. She continued: "I never speak badly about how another woman looks as it’s just vile. I had comments about not being a good role model to my daughters. "I will bring up my daughters to be kind, beautiful women that support other women with good morals and girl code. "Or you can just scroll past…. You don’t have to comment on social media on something you don't like. "I love my account. I feel like I really connect with other women and mothers and yeah basically I support other women, I don’t drag them down. As women we need each other, thank you." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their own experiences, including Michelle Keegan. She wrote: "Well said girl! Unfortunately, some people haven’t got a good moral compass. "When they say negative comments it says more about them than you. F**k em! Keep doing you darling! xxx."(sic) Vicky Pattison added: "You are a gorgeous woman inside and out, Helen. Anyone saying anything different is unhappy in themselves or jealous. "I would normally say something clever but I've had a long day so instead I'll say what I'm thinking: f**k them, keep being fabulous babe x."