Laundry detergents are popular among households. They do exactly what they say on the tin and leave clothes smelling exceptionally fresh. While it does do the job, there is a misconception that the more laundry detergent you use, the cleaner your clothes will be. Experts at Laundryheap have shared what happens if too much laundry detergent is used and the right amount that’s needed for full loads. According to the experts, using too much laundry detergent causes stains, odours and can even damage washing machines. They said: “A big laundry frustration is when you find your clothes have got stains attached to them after a washing cycle is finished. “If your clothes feel soapy, sticky or stiff then these are signs you have used too much laundry detergent. The last thing you need on your clothes is residue.” They explained that households shouldn’t ignore washing machine odours too as a “smelly washing machine does cause problems” and oftentimes, this is a result of residue marks. READ MORE: Lift ‘yellow’ toilet seat stains in 10 minutes with ‘amazing’ 90p item The pros added: “An excessive amount of laundry detergent also creates mechanical problems for your washing machine. “This is because it will work harder to remove the excess suds. Once these excess suds remain in your washing machine, they will be hard to remove.” Alternatively, for those not using enough detergent, then they may notice that their clothes just aren’t coming out clean. They’ll still have signs of soiling, or they feel dirty, greasy, or gritty to the touch. DON'T MISSI used the two minute baking soda method to clean my stained microwave [COMMENT]‘Stubborn’ stains ‘slip right off’ of oven door with 85p staple [TIPS]‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [EXPERT] So how much should households be using? According to Laundryheap the “right amount” to use is two tablespoons per load as this gives the washing machine more room to clean. However, it’s worth noting that the amount of laundry detergent you use also depends on the water. If it’s soft, households can use less but if it’s a little hard, they can use three to four tablespoons, recommended the experts. For those just washing one piece of clothing by hand in the sink, use only one tablespoon. READ MORE: 5 ‘common’ bedroom mistakes to ‘avoid’ a ‘cheap and tacky’ aesthetic Not only can washing detergent dosage be a source of confusion, but knowing the “best way to use detergent” in a washing machine can also be tricky. The pros at Cleanipedia have shared their top tips on how to use the powder in the machine. The first step is to add the clothing to the washing machine, making sure to add any delicate clothing into a laundry bag to prevent it being damaged by other clothing, or by the appliance. Then select the desired casing machine setting. Remember, for those opting for a pre-wash cycle, this will affect how much detergent to use. The experts said: “You’ll need around 100ml more.” After, measure out the correct dose of washing powder for the load of laundry and pour the washing powder into the correct compartment in the drawer of the machine. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Pre-wash and main wash compartments are often labelled as ‘I’ and ‘II’. The main wash area is usually the biggest spot in the drawer. For those using washing tablets, think of them as compacted powder and use these in the same way. Liquid detergent can either be used in the drawer or placed into the drum of the machine inside the dosing ball. When using capsules they should always be placed inside the drum – about halfway between the middle and the back.