Good Morning Britain fans were thrilled to see meteorologist Laura Tobin back on their screens. The weather girl donned a vertically striped blue, green and navy knitted dress to share Tuesday's forecast. However, viewers were left distracted by her outfit, with some comparing her dress to toothpaste. Laura, 41, told ITV viewers there would be rain in the far north with some bright spells throughout the day. As she delivered the report, Good Morning Britain fans took to Twitter to comment on her bold ensemble. John C quipped: "Laura looks like she’s an Arriva bus seat." Paul shared a picture of toothpaste being squeezed out of a tube and penned: "That reminds me. Knew I forgot to do something this morning." READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Martin commented: "@Lauratobin1 looks like one, she is in camouflage. Two, a tube of Colgate." Richard added: "It's not as if we don't know that February and March can be the coldest months of the year. Stunning from a walking curtain." However, Roger Caw said: "Laura you always look stunning but this morning your outfit is absolutely beautiful." Mike Johnson added: "Good Morning Laura, so good to have you back! #gmb."  During her weather report, Laura said: "Today's weather is dominated by some decent spells of sunshine for some of us. "But the big theme is how mild it is - if you have enjoyed the mild weather and been making the most of it, it is set to turn colder later on this week." She explained temperatures will be going back to where they should be for this time of year. Laura added: "There is some wet weather across the far north but some of us are starting dry." DON'T MISS...Nicola Bulley river search expert breaks silence after body found [LATEST]Ed Balls overcome with emotion as Ukrainian refugees dance live on GMB [UPDATE]Ranvir Singh gobsmacked by GMB guest's 'lazy’ remark  [INSIGHT] She shared how there were double-digit temperatures across the country between 11C and 14C. Laura also shared a video of herself with her 206,000 Twitter followers about returning to the Good Morning Britain studio. She captioned the clip: "It’s soooo lovely to be back in the @gmb studio. "Thank you for all your lovely messages saying it’s good to have me back."  The mother-of-one took a break from the news programme for half term week. She shared a photograph of waves crashing over the sand on her Instagram last week and captioned it: "I'm on leave this week for half term, so there won't be any weather updates." Laura, who has been hosting the ITV weather since 2012, also said she was having "half-term fun" instead of giving weather updates. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays from 6am on ITV and ITVX. 