Manchester United icon Sir Alex Ferguson has hailed Erik ten Hag for the job he's done at the club so far in a rare interview. The Scot watched on at Wembley as the Red Devils beat Newcastle 2-0 in Sunday's Carabao Cup finish. Casemiro opened the scoring in the capital, with Marcus Rashford also on target to make it a comfortable afternoon. United have now ended a six-year wait for a trophy after their victory in the capital, with Newcastle put to the sword at Wembley. And Ferguson cut a delighted figure after the showdown, with the Scot smiling as he greeted Ten Hag in the tunnel. The United bosses past and present recently met for dinner, with images showing them in a Manchester restaurant going viral online. And Ferguson, speaking to Sky Sports after United’s triumph, has praised Ten Hag for both is signings and the control he’s brought. “He mentioned that earlier Erik and I think he’s right,” he said. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “United are based on success and he’s going the right way about it. “The signings have been really good and that’s important. “And he’s got a grip on the club which is really, really big for him. When you come to United you try to get off to a good start right away and he’s done really well.” Rashford took his goal tally to 25 for the season when his deflected strike looped over Loris Karius and into the net. And Ferguson praised the youngster, though did express a belief he’s not a striker and that the Red Devils need more players to step up when it comes to scoring goals. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes “I don’t think he’s a striker,” he said. “He operates really from the left-hand side, which is fantastic. His finishing is always good, he always keeps his shots down which is really important for a striker. “And he’s on a great vein of form. Unfortunately for us he’s our main source of goals, we could do with an extra one.” Ferguson has rarely spoken in public since leaving United a decade ago. But, 10 years later, and it seems as though the Red Devils are finally on the right track to achieve success in the future. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here As for Ten Hag, the United boss was thrilled following the victory over Newcastle. "Maybe it was a risk but I'm a little bit stubborn! And I just love United,” said the 53-year-old. “When I see our shirts, when I see our bond with the fans, when I see Old Trafford, when I see [a] legacy like Sir Alex [Ferguson] left. “So many big players were developed in United teams and it makes a big impression – we want to do the same. “This team wants to make its own history, its own legacy. When this opportunity came, I thought this is the right club for me, I want to be a part of it.”