Manchester United players have already been cheekily asking if they will receive Premier League winners' medals should rivals Manchester City be stripped of the 2017/18 title. The Sky Blues have been charged with breaking 115 financial rules and regulations by the Premier League with possible penalties including retrospective points deductions. City have been referred to an independent commission by the Premier League after being charged over the financial conduct over a nine-year period between 2009 and 2018. It is not clear how long the commission's investigation will take but talk has naturally already started to turn to what sanctions the club could face if found guilty. A host of sanctions are on the table ranging from reprimands and fines to points deductions, transfer bans, spending limits and even expulsion from the Premier League. It is potential points deductions that are of the most interest to some former players as it could mean past titles change hands if applied retrospectively. United players have already started thinking about this possibility with those involved in the 2017/18 campaign asking if they will receive Premier League winners medal according to the Manchester Evening News. The Red Devils finished 19 points off their rivals that season something Jose Mourinho has described as his greatest achievement in football. READ MORE: Arsenal can get Mudryk revenge with star Chelsea once valued at £100m A handful of players involved in the second-place finish remain at the club including Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Luke Shaw. The Red Devils also finished second in 2020/21 as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s team finished 12 points behind Pep Guardiola’s men. However, they are likely to be disappointed with any penalties likely to be applied in the season that the commission reaches its conclusion. The investigation is unlikely to be completed any time soon either. It has taken the Premier League over four years of enquiries to reach the point of charging the Sky Blues. City have vowed to vehemently fight the allegations meaning it could be years until any real conclusion is reached. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning In a statement released on Monday, City said: "Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with. "The club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent Commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. "As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all."