Tottenham's newest signing Pedro Porro was torn apart by former Spurs boss Tim Sherwood on the wing-back's first start for his new club against Leicester in their 4-1 defeat on Saturday. The Spaniard was said to have been at fault for several goals as the Foxes were able to get behind Antonio Conte's defence on several occasions. Sherwood claimed that Porro was at fault for Leicester being able to dominate that flank and he was unable to deal with the likes of Harvey Barnes and James Maddison, prompting the Sky Sports pundit to launch into a scathing rant at the new signing. "I don't want to keep picking on the kid but he needs to be relieved of his duties," Sherwood said. "I've given him the benefit of the doubt because it's his debut, but Pedro Porro is so bad, it's unbelievable. His positioning is absolutely disgusting. Barnes and Maddison are destroying down the left-hand side, just ran inside and he hasn't even seen them. "It's a ball played in and he lets them run inside him and they slide the ball in, he just opens up his body and bends it past [Fraser] Forster. It's such a poor goal. Daniel Levy said this week about how they have spent a lot of money but the recruitment has been very, very poor. This is the latest addition. Let's not make any conclusions at the moment but one look at him and he is not a player that wants to defend and Antonio Conte has complained about the defending. "This player at the moment is struggling to defend, he is up against Harvey Barnes a very good player and James Maddison but 4-1 Leicester, cruise control, very disappointing. He looks like a decent player going forward but you want someone to defend." Rodrigo Bentancur gave the visitors the lead in the King Power Stadium in the first half after a lengthy VAR check, but Nampalys Mendy equalised with a stunning effort from the edge of the box past Forster. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges  Kelechi Iheanacho then teed up Maddison to give the hosts the lead after 25 minutes, before the Nigerian turned from provider to goalscorer during first-half stoppage time as he forced Eric Dier to retreat before curling an effort past Forster. Porro was hauled off on the 75th minute as he, Ivan Perisic and Japhet Tanganga were replaced by Emerson Royal, Richarlison and Davinson Sanchez but the substitutes could not stop a fourth Leicester goal. The Foxes were dominant and after several Leicester passes in the Spurs half, Barnes picked up the ball and got himself on the scoresheet with a long-range strike to seal all three points and a disappointing result for the visitors. 