Queen Camilla, 75, visited STORM Family Centre in Battersea, south London today, as it marks its 19th anniversary. The centre offers community services and supports people affected by domestic violence.    Her Majesty met supporter Kanya King, as well as the centre’s patron, Sabrina Dhowre Elba. Queen Camilla is a longtime supporter of charities that help victims and survivors of domestic violence. She looked elegant and sophisticated today in a pinstripe blazer and skirt suit as she arrived at the centre in Battersea. The Queen Consort could be seen carrying her customised "Lulu-Bone White" bag by Launer London, which sells for an outstanding £1,350. READ MORE: Astrologer predicts line of succession changes  The royal has been seen carrying the white version of the bag in the past, but today she carried a customised black version. Although originally white, this clutch bag can be customised into any colour on the Launer website which is perfect for royal fans to pick and choose their favourite colour. This bag is "designed to carry the essentials in sophisticated style". The description says: "On this quietly outstanding clutch handbag, even Launer's classic logo is left aside, with the Lulu’s fine turned-edge leatherwork making a statement all on its own.  "The sumptuous suede-lined main compartment is complemented by a discreet zip pocket to either side. "This elegant interior is enclosed within the finest quality of irresistibly soft calf leather. "Each item is handmade to order using our fine traditional craftsmanship." For footwear, the Queen Consort wore her black suede boots which she is never seen without at winter. READ MORE: 'Looks so easy' - Prince Harry's favourite dessert needs 4 ingredients  The shoes are from Russell and Bromley, however, their value has never been made known to the public as they are several years old. To accessorise, Queen Camilla opted for her Van Cleef and Arpels bracelet. Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk to explain Camilla's love for the brand. She said: "Queen Camilla is very fond of the brand. In fact, before King Charles’ accession, she already owned a splendid collection with her favourite set being Van Cleef and Arpels’ signature Magic Alhambra collection.  "Frequently seen with her blue and gold Alhambra bracelet, the emotional value the jewellery holds to the British Queen is unclear, however, it is very clear she is head over heels for the brand. "The brand's creative collections catch the light and decorative aspect of jewellery and, combining the beauty of cultural influences and nature, bring the aesthetic to the same impeccable level of quality of the materials." 