The Masked Singer saw the remaining five contestants take to the stage on Saturday night and they were all eager to impress the live audience and panellists once again. Sadly, not everyone could go through to the final, with two celebrities being unmasked by the end of the show. Following the results, ITV viewers couldn't help but express their outrage at the outcome. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.Fawn, Jellyfish, Jacket Potato, Rhino and Phoenix all sang their hearts out on tonight's The Masked Singer in a bid to make it to the final. Jellyfish wowed everyone with her rendition of You Give Love A Bad Name by Jon Bon Jovi, and saw the panellists and the live audience giving her a standing ovation. She went through to perform for a second time after Jacket Potato was kicked out of the competition. But when it came down to Jellyfish and Rhino, presenter, Joel Dommett announced it was Jellyfish's time to go, coming in at a fourth place. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ Moments later Jellyfish was unmasked, revealing it to be none other than former Glee star and West End star Amber Riley. This isn't the first time Amber has taken part in The Masked Singer though as she did compete in the American version last year. In fact, the Glee star won the show in November 2022 as her character Harp, beating other famous faces like Gloria Gaynor and Linda Blair. But despite her impressive vocals, she narrowly missed out on the UK final.    Once unmasked, Amber talked about the difficulties of performing as well as her love for the costume. She told Joel: "I was nervous because I couldn’t see very well and my balance was pretty off and on top of the jet lag there was so much to juggle all at once. But I did it! "‘I thought the character was fun, but also very beautiful and over the top all at the same time." "I loved the colours of the costume and thought the overall design was impeccable," she added. Before she was unveiled, it was Jacket Potato who got the fewest amount of votes this evening, putting him in fifth place. It came out that he was none other than Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora, leaving TV personality Davina McCall thrilled as she correctly guessed his identity.  DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt replaced on Saturday Kitchen as Alex Jones steps in  [REPLACEMENT]The Masked Singer's Jacket Potato is not Bon Jovi star [EXPLAINER]The Masked Singer's Fawn 'unveiled' as country singing legend [SPOILER] Viewers were left raging that the Dream Girls performer had been sent packing, claiming the 36-year-old had been "robbed" of winning the entire show. @__AlexN_ tweeted: "Wait what?! Jellyfish should have won!!! #MaskedSingerUK #maskedsinger." @DeanBorris commented: "One of the best singers in the UK out last week @_ClaireRichards. This week, one of the best singers in the US out @MsAmberPRiley "@MaskedSingerUK what is going on with these ‘judges’???? #MaskedSingerUK." While @finsomupfuti stated: "Amber Riley was spectacular throughout and truly has been robbed to not get to the final!! Was supposed to be the winner of the show #MaskedSingerUK." @Margot_rain continued: "Jellyfish was robbed!! Best voice of the competition. Was really hoping Amber could make history by winning both the US and UK shows #MaskedSingerUK." And @RyanWhite-5 said: "Amber Riley has been robbed to not get to the final!! #MaskedSingerUK"   Last week was the quarter-finals which saw the first double elimination of the series. The first character to be kicked off was Knitting where McCall was proven right as she correctly guessed it to be Steps singer Claire Richards. Shortly after, the panellists had to choose between saving Jacket Potato or Otter and they chose the former. However, no one predicted that it would be This Country comedian Daisy May-Cooper. Now, there are just three contestants remaining in the competition so who is going to take home the crown in next week's final? The Masked Singer grand final airs on Saturday, February 18, at 8pm on ITV.