Marie Osmond has shared that at the age of 63, she feels fitter than ever and has credited her weight loss to be able to do more, including going on tour, travel with her husband and spend time with her grandchildren. The singer, actress and performer has shared her beauty tips for shedding the pounds. The Nutrisystem spokesperson broke down what her best tricks are for keeping the weight off as she opened up about her dramatic transformation. The on-screen star explained her mission is to help women feel good about themselves. Marie recently teamed up with Nutrisystem - a popular weight loss system that helps people focus on eating an appropriate diet to maintain a healthy lifestyle. Speaking to MailOnline, she explained: "I love Nutrisystem it answered my call for help and it worked I went to Nutrisystem and said after 55 you get the dreaded M word and it’s not Marie it’s menopause and women need help - we have different metabolisms. READ MORE: Lesley Joseph talks Birds of a Feather 'return' after she bid farewell "Losing the weight was the biggest thing for me. When I hit my 50s I changed. I’m 63 now and I feel I am more on my game than I was in my 50s." Marie lives by the Five Pound Roll Rule - if she goes over five pounds she watches what she eats. "Did you know that 10 pounds is a dress size? So if I’ve gone up five pounds I’ve gone up half a dress size," said the dancer. "I have been really busy these days and I couldn’t have done that with all that weight on me that I had before.  "I could not have done this tour with 50 pounds on my body," added the Meet Me In Montana singer. "A healthy body gives you a more vibrant life. Physical weight is tough on the brain and it’s tough on you spiritually and it also prevents you from moving around." Elsewhere, the singer previously admitted she had no plans to leave her fortune to her children. Marie shares son Stephen, 39, with husband Steve Craig, 71, and she has several children from her previous marriage to Brian Blosil, her husband from 1986 until 2007. DON'T MISS... Lesley Joseph talks Birds of a Feather 'return' after she bid farewell[LATEST]Prue Leith fears being ‘angry’ with son after heartbreaking loss[INTERVIEW]Britney Spears 'mortified' by mishap as she poses in see-through dress[INSTAGRAM] The mum-of-eight's adult children include Jessica, 35, Rachael, 33, Brandon, 26, Brianna, 25, Matthew, 23, and Abigail, 20. Her son Michael, born in 1991, sadly died in 2010. She reunited with her first husband, Steve, in 2011 and the couple have been married ever since. The Nutrisystem ambassador has a reported net worth of $20 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth.  "Honestly, why would you enable your child to not try to be something? I don't know anybody who becomes anything if they're just handed money," she told US Weekly. "I mean, I’ve done so many things from designing dolls and much more. I love trying, and I wanna try everything. I’m a finisher.” The Paper Roses singer added that she believes inheriting wealth can influence young people to not work hard. She continued: “That’s one of my rules with my kids: If you start it, you finish it. You don’t ever have to do it again, but you gotta finish. And, I just think all an inheritance does is breed laziness and entitlement. I worked hard, and I’m gonna spend it all and have fun with my husband.”