Overwatch 2 fans are counting down to the start of Season 3 on PS4, PS5, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC and Nintendo Switch. The new Overwatch 2 season has a February 7 release date and a 6pm GMT UK launch time. Needless to say, the new season will be accompanied by a massive new update, not to mention a new Battle Pass with a host of Legendary skins, emotes, sprays and more. The headline new cosmetic is the Amaterasu Kiriko mythic skin, which is available alongside the Honey Bee Mercy skin in the Starter Pack, and the Beekeeper Sigma skin in the Ultimate Battle Pass pack. Speaking of cosmetics, one of the more exciting features of the new season is the ability to earn credits through the Battle Pass. The credits can be used in the item shop, and against over 250 different cosmetics from the original Overwatch. Elsewhere, the new season introduces the Antarctic Peninsula map, which is home to an abandoned Ecopoint station. Blizzard will also add a new Streamer Protect feature, which will give broadcasters the ability to hide sensitive information when playing live. Other features, items and in-game events will debut during the season, such as the LoverWatch Valentine's Dating Sim on February 13, and the One-Punch Man crossover on March 7. If you want to find out more about the gameplay tweaks and features by checking out the patch notes below... Antarctic Peninsula GENERAL UPDATES Accessibility Improvements • Improved Subtitles Options: text scalability, character portrait icons, speaker name, text color, background color, and subtitle preview in the options menu • Added mouse cursor size setting for PC • Added setting to select custom colors for Group and Alert colors in the UI. Preview feature added to preview custom colors in the accessibility options Challenges • Added challenges to unlock “Silhouette” player icons for all heroes • Added tracking for each of the roles for the Weekly “Role Mastery” challenge • Added Ramattra unlock challenges • Partial progress through the season three Battle Pass is now carried over to the “Wins for Ramattra” challenge Endorsements • Players can now endorse the opposing team • All players can now be endorsed in Free-For-All game modes Game Report • Players can view scoreboards from previous matches within the View Game Reports menu found in the History tab of the Career Profile Mystery Heroes Changes • Mystery heroes now limits each team to a maximum of three of each role. - Example: You are Reinhardt in Mystery Heroes. Your team also includes Mercy, Ana, and Lucio. - When you die, you cannot respawn as a Support hero because there are already three Support heroes on your team. You will either be respawned as a Damage or a Tank hero • This new maximum role limit can be changed in Custom Games under Settings > Modes > All > Random Hero Role Limit Per Team, • This setting only functions when the Respawn as Random Hero setting is enabled Overwatch Credits are back • Overwatch Credits, which were previously labeled “Legacy Credits” and were not earnable in Overwatch 2, can now once again be earned through progressing in the Season 3 Battle Pass • All players can earn up to 1500 credits as free rewards, and another 500 credits are available as premium rewards in the Season 3 Battle Pass • Credits can be spent in the Hero Gallery, which now contains nearly all seasonal Epic and Legendary-tier skins released prior to the launch of Overwatch 2. - This includes many skins that were previously only available for purchase with Coins in the “Just for You” section of our Shop Ping System Update • Pressing Ability 1 or Ability 2 when the ping wheel is open and when these abilities are on cooldown now prints these cooldowns in chat - Example: If Baptiste’s Immortality Field is on cooldown and you press the key/button to activate the ability while the Ping Wheel is open, the cooldown for the ability will be printed in chat