Max Verstappen has revealed that he lost 10kg in six weeks ahead of the new Formula One season after admitting that he had ‘a little fun’ over the Christmas break. The Red Bull star is the clear favourite to win the title again in 2023 after impressing during testing, with the likes of Ferrari and Mercedes lacking their pace and reliability. Verstappen cut a confident figure throughout pre-season testing as he seeks to defend the championship he has won in each of the last two years. Red Bull looked to be the strongest car over the three days in Bahrain and belief is high after a dominant 2022. Verstappen has been putting the work in during the off-season to ensure he is in the best possible shape for the year ahead. The 25-year-old gained 10kg over the winter period as he enjoyed being away from the track but lost it all within six weeks ahead of testing and his return to the car. “All year round I feel like I’m under my normal weight,” Verstappen told Der Telegraaf, explaining that his usual winter weight gain in other years is about 5kg. “Then I give myself a month to eat and drink what I want and have a little fun.” JUST IN: Hamilton 'a long way off' Alonso as Eddie Jordan gives retirement view He was keen to stress that he enjoyed the challenge of losing weight too, stating: “I like to hurt myself a bit.” Verstappen has been confident of his chances this season with the Dutchman suggesting that the RB19 is an improvement on last year’s dominant RB18. Should his theory prove to be correct it is set to be a long year for the other teams on the grid. "It's been very good," he told Sky Sports. "I think the car is working really well, going through all the things we wanted to try and it's very interesting what we have been trying. Very positive days for me. I'm enjoying driving the car.  “There are quite a few differences compared to last year. Overall it's definitely an improvement. "It seems to work very nicely compared to last year so the team have done a very good job. You lose a bit of performance because of the little new rules, but overall the car took a step forward." Verstappen will look to claim victory in the first race of the season when the new campaign gets underway on Sunday with lights out in Bahrain at 3pm.