Despite making a huge mistake over the weekend, John Brooks will be in charge of VAR for Arsenal’s clash with Manchester City on Wednesday night. The two sides are within three points of one another and the match is seen as crucial to the final outcome of the Premier League title race. City were able to overcome the drama of their off-field accusations to beat Aston Villa on Sunday, cruising to a 3-1 victory on Sunday evening. Goals from Rodri, Ilkay Gundogan and Riyad Mahrez helped Pep Guardiola’s side to all three points to put themselves within touching distance of Arsenal. The Gunners dropped points against Arsenal in controversial fashion earlier in the weekend, drawing 1-1 with high-flying Brentford. Second-half substitute Leandro Trossard came off of the bench to open the scoring from close range in the 66th minute, though the score was level just eight minutes later. Ivan Toney nodded home an equaliser following a set-piece, though footage showed that Christian Norgaard was in an offside position when heading the ball back across the face of the goal – with PMGOL admitting that ‘human error’ was to blame for the clanger, with Lee Mason forgetting to draw the lines. Mikel Arteta was understandably furious at full-time, and he won't like the news that the VAR for Wednesday's match also had a howler at the weekend. DON'T MISS: Howard Webb 'furiously summons all Prem refs for emergency meeting' Brooks will be on VAR duty for the clash, and he was at fault for another high-profile error in the clash between rivals Brighton and Crystal Palace. Pervis Estupinan thought he had given the Seagulls the league, only for the goal to be chalked off for offside. However, footage showed that the VAR lines were drawn against the wrong Palace defender - James Tomkins - and that Marc Guehi had actually played Estupinan onside. The match finished 1-1, with Brighton feeling that the goal being given would have markedly changed the complexion of the match. MUST READ...Arsenal need four players to step up to get title bid back on trackGary Neville told off after making Manchester City jibe live on TVMaguire shows true colours with message to Ten Hag after Man Utd win PMGOL, again, were forced to apologise for the error and Howard Webb was left scratching his head and pondering how he could address repetitious rookie mistakes from his staff. Arsenal and City will be hoping that VAR is not the main talking point after their clash at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday night. With so much riding on the match, which will heavily impact how the season pans out, both managers will want the outcome to be decided by what happens on the pitch alone rather than at Stockley Park.