Princess Diana reportedly loved By Terry’s Baume de Rose lip balm if royal fans are interested in a new addition to their make-up bag. It’s very difficult to pin down exactly what beauty products members of the Royal Family use.  But fans have been given a clue about Princess Diana’s favourite lip balm from her former make-up artist. Creating a “Diana” make-up look on Lisa Eldridge’s YouTube channel, MUA Mary Greenwell shared she always uses By Terry’s Baume de Rose Lip Care, which costs £40 from Selfridges. The MUA uses this product to prep the lips before make-up, just like the late Princess of Wales reportedly did. “When Princess Diana was young she had the most beautiful skin. She maintained that always,” Mary said in the video. READ MORE: Kate Middleton shrugs off Prince William in ‘awkward’ moment  Luscious and luxurious, Baume de Rose is regularly hailed as “the Rolls-Royce of lip balms”, and is a long-time favourite with make-up artists, beauty editors and other celebrities such as Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Kim Kardashian. Now, this little make-up pot has just been given an update, delivering colour as well as care. By Terry has just launched two new limited edition Baume de Rose Tinted Lip Cares for just £16 each, which puts the nourishing formula of the iconic balm into a lipgloss-style tube. They’re available in two shades: Red Carpet (a classic bright red) and Cherry Chérie (a deeper berry tone).   Like the original, these two new products contain rich shea butter, skin-strengthening ceramides and a subtle rose fragrance for a glossy pout that also pampers the lips. The By Terry product reportedly used by Diana has the following description: "For generous coverage, apply directly to lips with your fingertips. "To strengthen nails and repair dry cuticles, apply generously and massage the nails and nail edges. "Then, push back cuticles for a more defined look and to stimulate nail growth. For a more intense treatment, apply a thick layer onto nails and leave to sink in overnight." READ MORE: Queen Camilla tests positive for Covid - inside her £3.9million home Another makeup product which Princess Diana famously loved was her blue eyeliner, which made her beautiful eyes stand out even more. An archive face chart from one of the late Princess of Wales' early photoshoots showed that she wore Elizabeth Arden's pencil in "Blue kohl 636", which she teamed with a coordinating mascara from the same brand. But as the years went by, Diana began to embrace a more natural, neutral look - which her makeup artist Mary Greenwell has since claimed was all down to her. Speaking to Yahoo!, Mary said: "I think beiges and browns are just so much prettier. Simple as that."   She added of Diana's more classic look: "She was someone who was in the public eye presenting herself all the time to the public. "It isn't particularly appropriate to go on changing your look every five seconds." Mary did share that Diana still loved to play with makeup, however. "She loved makeup and loved experimenting. It wasn't to the point of going from green eyeshadow to blue eyeshadow, but just experimenting with ways to bring her eyes out more. "It was just much more about really getting her to look absolutely beautiful all the time."