GB News host Eamonn Holmes was left stunned that the Duke of Sussex keeps making inconsistent claims in his book after it was revealed Harry misnamed a pub behind which he allegedly lost his virginity. Sasha Walpole came out over the weekend, revealing she was the woman who shared a secret romp with the Duke of Sussex 22 years ago. Royal expert Kinsey Schofield and co-host Isabel Webster discussed the "royal story du jour" as Ms Webster put it to her cost-host Eamonn. But he did not laugh at the joke and instead questioned Harry’s cognitive skills.  He asked: "Why can’t he remember anything correctly, though?" Journalist Andrew Pierce jumped in, saying: "Because he makes it up - so many inaccuracies." He added: "He has a ghostwriter write it for him. He was challenged about it, but he said: 'It doesn’t matter'." The Duke of Sussex, who recently released his memoir Spare, disclosed the most private aspects of his life, including how he lost his virginity, in the book. He says the "inglorious episode" took place when he was around 17 with "an older woman."  He wrote: "She liked horses, quite a lot, and treated me not unlike a young stallion. Quick ride, after which she'd smacked my rump and sent me off to graze. Among the many things about it that were wrong: It happened in a grassy field behind a busy pub." The woman in question, now a mother-of-two, told The Sun over the weekend that she had been working as a groom at the then-Prince Charles' residence, Highgrove House, before the July evening. However, she claims Harry made the first move, saying it was "literally wham-bam between two friends". The misnaming of the pub is the latest in a series of inaccuracies, which royal fans and experts have spotted since the release of the explosive memoir ‘Spare’. READ MORE: Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity' While Spare contains several surprising revelations and startling claims about the royal family, some experts and fans have discovered a few errors. The Duke claimed in his book Spare that he was at Eton College, the prestigious boys school where both he and William attended. Fans have pointed out that when the Queen Mother died, Prince Harry was on a skiing vacation in Klosters, Switzerland with his father and brother. According to photographs from the time, the then-Prince of Wales Charles and the young princes took part in a media call on March 29, 2002. He also recounted in his book that he would go shopping at TK Maxx during the high-street retailer’s "once-a-year sale". "For my everyday casual clothes I’d go to TK Maxx, the discount store," Harry said, adding: "I was particularly fond of their once-a-year sale, when they’d be flush with items from Gap or J Crew, items that had just gone out of season or were slightly damaged." DON'T MISS:POLL – Should a law be passed to strip Harry and Meghan of titles? [POLL]Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims [REPORT]Trevor Noah aims funny jibe at Prince Harry during Grammy Awards 2023 [REPORT] TK Maxx has since responded to Harry’s claims, noting they "don’t actually do sales". In another excerpt of the book, the Duke alleges mother Diana gave him an Xbox for his 13th birthday in 1997. But royals fans quickly noted the Xbox was only released in 2001, and it wasn't sold in Europe until the following year, as some social media users pointed out. Penguin Random House reported that the English-language edition of the bombshell autobiography, which was ghostwritten by JR Moehringer, sold more than 1.4 million copies on its opening day (12 January). READ NEXT:Lilibet to be 'biggest celebrity' in US as toddler has unique accoladeHarry and Meghan tipped to leave Montecito for Diana's favourite spotPrincess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank tipped for move to USMeghan Markle 'not going to be happy' Harry and Meghan's 'transatlantic campaign of hate' backfires in US