Princess Anne, 72, is the patron of the Scottish rugby team, and so represented Scotland at the Wales versus Scotland Six Nations match today, February 11. The game took place on Scotland's home turf, Murrayfield. Princess Anne paid tribute to her team in a yellow and blue tartan scarf. Tartan is a print often associated with the nation, while blue gives a nod to the rugby players' uniforms. Anne wore a tartan jacket too, but the print was more subtle and the colours darker - the jacket was mostly navy blue. She combined this with a matching pair of trousers, which also featured a subtle tartan print. Anne doesn't often wear trousers, usually opting for a blue or grey pleated skirt. READ MORE: Eagle-eyed royal fans spot uncanny likeness of Princess Eugenie's son to other young royal She completed her look with a pair of black leather gloves and black leather shoes. The royal's hair was up in its usual do and she wore small, gold stud earrings. As for accessories, Anne had a large, gold brooch pinned to the collar of her jacket. The brooch was circular and seemed to have a golf ball-shaped adornment at its centre. DON'T MISS:Texts between Catherine and Meghan showed 'Kate wanted to be co-operative' [EXPERT]Meghan Markle could make £640K a year from 'mommy' project [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle wore $37,000 worth of jewellery in Netflix documentary [STYLE] Interestingly, Anne wore this exact tartan suit and brooch to last year's Scotland versus Wales Six Nations match, which took place at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff. The Princess Royal is known for re-wearing her outfits, demonstrating her commitment to sustainable fashion, as well as her understanding of budget. Anne has been busy this week and has already been seen at a slew of engagements. Yesterday, February 10, the royal visited Cranfield University to officially open the National Flying Laboratory Centre’s flying classroom, a specially adapted Saab 340B aircraft which will help students gain invaluable flight test experience. READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' For the occasion, Anne donned a red jacket with buttons running down its centre and a pleated, navy blue skirt. She combined this with a pair of black leather boots and a pair of black leather gloves. When outside, she wore a thick, navy blue shawl over her outfit to keep warm. As for accessories, a gold brooch was pinned just underneath her jacket's collar. Anne’s brooch was in the shape of a Scout reef knot – it is one she has often worn to various engagements. The rope of a Scout reef knot symbolises the family of the World Scout Movement, whilst the knot represents the strength of the unity of the World Scout Movement. Diamond expert Zack Stone of jewellers Steven Stone has previously commented on the brooch, saying that it encapsulates Anne’s spirit. He also estimated its worth. The expert said: “The brooch is the perfect fit for the Princess Royal, who is known for her strong character. I’d estimate it to be worth approximately $5,000 (£4,204).”