The hotel heiress, 41, also revealed that at one point in her life, anything sexual actually "terrified her" despite her reputation as a sex symbol in her 20s. Speaking to Harper’s Bazaar she said: "I was known as a sex symbol, but anything sexual terrified me.   “I called myself the kissing bandit because I only liked to make out.”   “A lot of my relationships didn’t work out because of that.”   The former reality star, who had been engaged four times, said her views towards anything sexual changed when she met her husband.  READ MORE: Bruce Willis' family announce he has been diagnosed with dementia She caught the eye of the Venture Capitalist at a family friend's Thanksgiving gathering in 2019 and claims that she immediately felt a spark. She said: “It wasn’t until Carter that I finally realised that I am not that way I enjoy hooking up with my husband.” The former reality star added: “He’s not famous. He’s smart. He comes from a nice family. He is a good person.”  Paris, who in the past dated celebrities Leonardo DiCaprio and Nick Carter, explained that her husband is completely the opposite of who she had previously looked for when she was dating.  And now, the star feels that she is getting what she deserves as they start their new life together as a married couple. The pair hit the headlines when they tied the knot in 2021 in a lavish three-day wedding.   No expense was spared as the couple celebrated their nuptials with a host of celebrity friends and family looking on. The couple also stunned fans when they revealed that they had welcomed their first child together last month via surrogacy.  DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones displays ageless beauty at screening with husband [lATEST] Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [LATEST] Raquel Welch was much more than just a sex symbol [INSIGHT]  Paris’s mother Kathy claimed that her daughter had been struggling with fertility issues.   She also said that her daughter had been trying to conceive for some time   Speaking to E!, her mother Kathy said: “It breaks my heart because I know she is trying and trying and I always say, 'just relax'."   She added: “So many people struggle and it doesn't just happen like that." However, the star refuted any claims of fertility issues and shot down claims that her mother's statements were true.   When faced with the claims her mother made, she said: “I don't know where she got that - never been a struggle at all.”   The star explained that she had been “stocking up” in order to get “tonnes of embryos in the bank".