Britain pledged another £25million for quake-hit Turkey and Syria yesterday, as victims were amazingly found alive after 220 hours. The latest cash brings the total UK support to £42.8million.  It will give emergency relief to families made homeless in freezing conditions after the earthquakes struck on February 6, killing at least 41,000 people. In addition, it will bring more top UK medical expertise through the joint MoD-FCDO Field Hospital, established in Turkoglu. Although rescue crews are mainly recovering bodies, people are still being freed from collapsed buildings. Syrian girl Seher Ghanam, 15, rescued shortly after her father Faez, was one of at least nine found alive in Turkey’s Hatay province. Melike Imamoglu, 42 was freed in Onikisubat, after being buried for 222 hours. A Dutch team saved three men and a child found lying under rubble in Antakya. A father and son were found during the night and two others were detected by sniffer dogs. In Turkey’s Adiyaman province, Fatma Gungor, 77, was pulled from a building after nearly nine days.  Doctors are battling to save Birce Fansa, eight months, who fell five floors from an Antakya apartment. Her mother and father were rescued, but her older siblings, Alin and Nil, did not survive.  Meanwhile, people in Britain have contributed more than £75million to the Disasters Emergency Committee earthquake appeal. UK development minister, Andrew Mitchell said: “The UK’s priority is to ensure humanitarian assistance reaches people who need it most.” Doctors, many from the UK, who are treating quake survivors said trauma kits, antibiotics and pain relief were needed desperately, as well as more specialised equipment for hand, foot and brain surgery.  They have also appealed for kidney dialysis machines and specialists, plus intensive care equipment. Randa Ghazy, of Save the Children International, said: “Many hospitals have been destroyed and those still standing are overwhelmed with thousands of injured people. “They are also short on medical supplies and fuel to operate.” Muhammad Hasan Al-Jned, a doctor at the Specialised Surgical Hospital in Idlib, Syria, which has seen 4,000 patients in the last five days, said at least 25 of its health professionals died in the quake. ● Watchdog Ofcom has received 567 listener complaints, following Capital FM drivetime host Ant Payne’s tasteless post-quake joke about booking “cheap flights” to Turkey. 