Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's Netflix documentary was intended to tell their story in their own words. In it, the Duke and Duchess discussed leaving behind the Royal Family and relocating to the US. During her interviews, the former actress wore numerous pieces of expensive jewellery. How did each of the pieces Meghan wore in the documentary cost, in ascending order? Around her neck, Meghan was seen wearing the Child of Wild Starry Night Charm, which costs just $30.77, making it the cheapest piece of jewellery seen on Meghan during the documentary. She Duchess also wore this 14K gold-plated piece with cubic zirconia to the Invictus Games in Toronto. Meghan also wore the relatively modest Catbird NYC Threadbare Ring, which costs $48. The thin ring is described as "thin as a whisper", and the makers claim "this ring is worn every day by a certain American turned princess with the initials M.M.!!" The Duchess has worn this piece since before the early days of her relationship with Prince Harry. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry got $10m cut from Montecito home in 'good deal' From mid-price brand Edge of Ember, Meghan wore the Wave earrings, which can be purchased for $79.91. She also wore the Dean Davidson 'Midi Knockout" stud earrings, $195, during the program. Canadian Dean counts personal friend of the Duchess Oprah Winfrey among his clientele. Supporting another designer, this time from New York, Meghan wore the Alexis Bitter "Asterales" Bezel Earrings Alexis Bittar began designing costume jewellery in 1990, age 22, and his work has been stocked in Bergdorf Goodman and Harrods and has also appeared on Sex and the City. Alexis Buttar studs vary in price, between $127 and $299. The Hamsa ring, seen on Meghan's finger, is by Kismet by Milka and is made of 14ct gold with sapphire and costs $486.32. The jewellery designer, who sells at the likes of Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue and Liberty, has collaborated with Nike and counts Madonna, Naomi Watts, Britney Spears and Anne Hathaway as customers. Symbols such as the Hamsa hand and arrows form the bedrock of her designs. DON'T MISSMan behind Melania's hat was paid at least $132K by Trump PAC [STYLE] Naomi Biden wore jewellery costing $46,150 for her lavish wedding [JEWELS] 'I'm worried about Ivanka': Fans 'concerned' over personal pictures [INSTAGRAM] Meghan wears the "Name Bar" necklace from the popular UK brand Missoma. The engravable pieces cost around $363.20 from the brand. Another of Meghan's favourite jewels is the Love Pendant by Sophie Lis, which was inspired by a poem The Eternal Song by French poet Rosemonde Gerard. The poem reads: "For, you see, each day I love you more, today more than yesterday and less than tomorrow." The necklace, set with diamonds and rubies, costs $517.10. In her ears, Meghan was spotted wearing the Zofia Day Dash Ear Studs with diamonds, which cost $850. The 14K gold pieces have .06 carats of diamonds and were first worn by Meghan in Vanity Fair magazine. These pieces are all relatively cheap compared to the more expensive pieces Meghan wore during the show, one of which was the Jennifer Meyer gold bezel tennis bracelet.  This piece costs $3,186.39 and is made of 18-karat gold. Creators dubbed the piece, made in Los Angeles, "timeless" and "a true staple." Meghan's most expensive pieces are two beloved items that the Duchess wears often. The first is the Cartier "Love" yellow gold bracelet. These iconic bracelets have to be fitted onto the wrist with a special screw driver that comes with the piece when you buy it. These bracelets are so popular that New York City hospital keeps one on hand if one of the pieces needs to be removed from a patient for emergency treatment. Lastly, and most valuable, is Meghan's Cartier "Tank Francaise" in gold, which costs $24,300. Realistically, Meghan's version of this watch is likely priceless, as it is an heirloom that once belonged to Princess Diana. Meghan is a big fan of these watches, however, and before inheriting this gold piece she bought her own less expensive version. In 2015 Meghan told Hello! she bought a $6,050 steel and gold Cartier watch for herself, engraved with the message "To M.M. From M.M." She claimed she had bought the watch to one day leave to a daughter.