An "ecstatic" lottery winner has won the £1.67billion Powerball reward in the largest lottery payout ever. Officials from the California Lottery disclosed on Tuesday that Edwin Castro had won the record-breaking $2.04billion rollover amount back in November. The proceeds from ticket sales gathered in the months before the draw will go to California schools, totalling more than £128million, according to the New York Times. Joe Chahayed, the owner of Joe's Service Center in Altadena, California, received an £822,000 bonus for selling him the winning ticket. Mr Castro, who bought the ticket at Joe’s Service Center, was the sole winner of the prize, despite odds of approximately one in 292.2million. He declined invitations to press interviews and instead said in a statement that he was "shocked and estatic" to have won the lottery. The lottery winner added: "As someone who received the rewards of being educated in the California public education system. It’s gratifying to hear that as a result of my win, the California school system greatly benefits as well."  Mr Castro chose a one-time lump sum payment of £821.61million over receiving the full amount of his win in multiple installments over 30 years, according to lottery officials. California lottery officials rejoiced at being able to share the name of the winner. Carolyn Becker, a spokeswoman for the California Lottery, reportedly said: "We get to celebrate a real human today. Although he would like to remain private, we’re very excited to announce a winner and we’re so pleased that he’s particularly supportive of our mission." The proceeds from ticket sales gathered in the months before the draw will go to California schools, totalling more than £128.48million. READ MORE: Man left 'ecstatic' after largest ever Powerball Lottery win Mr Castro's numbers, which included the red Powerball number 10 and the following numbers: 10, 33, 41, 47, and 56, were called after more than 40 drawings in a row. His winning ticket is now in the possession of state officials, who could display it at the lottery's headquarters, according to Ms Becker. She said: "These numbers represent promises kept since voters created the lottery in 1984 with the explicit purpose and intent to raise supplemental funding for public education." The California Lottery raised a total of £1,65 billion for public schools during the most recent fiscal year. DON'T MISS:Mystery Lotto winner urged to check numbers as £6million unclaimed [REPORT]  Life inside small town where hundreds of people won the lottery [REPORT]  Lotto titans helped gain billions for good causes are leaving Camelot [REPORT] His victory also means that three of the ten largest lottery jackpots in US history have come from California. In 2016, the second-largest jackpot - £1.3billion - was won by three tickets sold in California, Florida, and Tennessee. In 2021, a £578.63 million ticket was also sold in California. READ NEXT:Woman scoops lottery win after husband leaves her for best friendPremium Bonds saver wins four times in last six months"Luckiest man in Scotland" wins £2.5 million house in Omaze raffleAsda that sold scratchcard to child suspends Lotto ticket salesProstate cancer rates show stark reality of north-south divide