Lourdes Leon, 26, was turned away on Thursday night as she arrived at the Marc Jacobs Show in New York after the doors had closed. The incident comes just two years after Madonna's daughter was named the face of the brand's 2021 spring campaign. A clip has surfaced of Lourdes arriving at the prestigious event alongside a friend before speaking to guards for over a minute. However, he and Lourdes were repeatedly informed that the event entry was "closed". In the TikTok clip, the voiceover claims that Lourdes turned up at 6pm on the dot, the precise time when the show was scheduled to start. Bystanders could be heard telling the guards who she was, chanting: "Let her in!" READ MORE: Fern Britton's ex Phil Vickery gets cryptic in surprising tweet Lourdes eventually gave up and shielded her face with one hand as she headed away from the venue. The aspiring singer looked great in a busty denim ensemble paired with a matching torn up coat placed off her shoulders. She kept on the theme as she accessorised with a denim bag and added height with a pair of stiletto style boots. Lourdes also went for a bronzed makeup look and styled her signature dark tresses in a straight style. Guests arriving at the event also included Emily Ratajkowski, Nicky Hilton Rothschild and Ashley Graham. A video has now resurfaced of Lourdes returning to the event later in the evening and gaining entry. Lourdes is Madonna's eldest child, born in 1996, to her then-boyfriend Carlos Leon, a fitness trainer. Their relationship ended in 1998, with Madonna then pursuing her acting career before meeting Guy Ritchie in 1999. Madonna previously admitted that becoming a mum inspired her to join the Kabbalah faith, which she is still a part of to this day, as are all her children. DON'T MISS... Austin Butler shares 'what they don't tell you about winning' awards [COMMENT] Olivia Newton-John's husband on her 'lucid and pain-free' final days [INSIGHT] Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [PICS] Lourdes has previously spoken out about her relationship with her mother and how she feels about her "extreme privilege". She said to Interview magazine: "We don’t get any handouts in my family. "Obviously, I grew up with extreme privilege. There’s no denying that. "But I think my mom saw all these other kids of famous people, and she was like: 'My kids are not going to be like this'. "Also, I feel like if your parents pay for things, then it gives them leverage over you. My mom is such a control freak, and she has controlled me my whole life. "I needed to be completely independent of her as soon as I graduated high school." Lourdes has tried to follow in her mother's footsteps in recent years as she launched a music career, releasing several singles. Madonna has five other children: Rocco, 22, David, 17, Mercy, 17, and twins Stella and Estere, ten.