Arsenal can get revenge for Chelsea hijacking their transfer pursuit of Mykhaylo Mudryk by beating the Blues to the summer signing of Marco Asensio. The Gunners and their Premier League rivals have both been linked with the Spaniard, whose Real Madrid contract is due to expire at the end of the season. Asensio seems unlikely to sign a new deal with Los Blancos. His agents were reportedly in England last week speaking with clubs about a potential switch ahead of the 2023-24 campaign. Arsenal are believed to be one of the clubs interested in signing the playmaker. Mikel Arteta wants to bolster his squad for next season, with a potential shock Premier League title on the horizon and a first Champions League campaign in six years. The Gunners might find themselves battling with London rivals Chelsea, though. The big-spending Blues have also been linked with Asensio ahead of a major battle in the summer. JUST IN: Piers Morgan demands Man City points deduction for 'rule break' A few years ago, The Sun claimed that Chelsea were interested in signing the now 27-year-old from Madrid in a £100m deal. Alongside Liverpool, the Stamford Bridge hierarchy were monitoring Asensio’s situation in the Spanish capital - and they could now launch a free transfer bid despite making drastic changes to their squad over the last six months. Arsenal will hope they can get revenge for having Mudryk swiped from their grasp. The Gunners led the race to sign the Ukrainian, who in turn preferred the move to the Emirates Stadium and made a clear point of his stance in some not-so-subtle social media posts. But Chelsea officials embarked on a one-day mission to move Mudryk to west London, submitting a bid before flying to Poland to hold talks with Shakhtar Donetsk chiefs. An £88million deal was agreed and despite Mudryk failing in his plea for Arsenal to match the bid, Chelsea got their top target. DON'T MISS...Arsenal title boost possibilities after Man City rule breachesArsenal target Declan Rice 'sounding out' key Gunners info amid linksMan City boss Pep Guardiola mocked 'mad professor' Asensio will likely decide to leave Madrid in the summer. He will have the pick of interest from clubs across Europe, and has been linked with a sensational switch to Madrid’s fierce rivals Barcelona, who are relying on free agents due to their financial issues. Arsenal, though, will be able to pitch a clear path to success under Arteta if they decide they want to lure Asensio to north London. By the time they make a contract offer, the Gunners might have already secured the Premier League title. Winning the top-flight could help them beat nemeses Chelsea. It will be revenge for Arsenal’s failed Mudryk chase.