Jodie Whittaker’s first role since departing Doctor Who has been announced. The Huddersfield native will join Nicole da Silva and Yael Stone in the Paramount+ original six-part drama One Night which is currently filming in Australia. Described as a character-driven mystery about female friendships under incredible emotional and existential strain, it is the story of three women whose bond was all but destroyed by the traumatic events of one night 20 years ago. Whittaker will play Tess who along with Hat (played by Yael Stone) was childhood best friends with Simone (Nicole da Silva). After harbouring hopes of being a novelist all her life Simone has finally written the one story she could never get out of her head. To her delight her debut manuscript has become an unexpected overnight success, but it soon becomes apparent that the devastating story the book tells doesn’t exclusively belong to her. At the heart of her bestseller is a decades old tragedy which also happened to Tess and Hat and the book threatens to derail all their friendships, bringing old traumas to the surface of the small coastal community where they grew up. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show Since departing the TARDIS, Whittaker has given birth to her second child with husband Christian Contreras, a Belizean-American actor and writer who has appeared in Zero Dark Thirty, The Fifth Estate and Fury. The couple, who met in drama school and married in Arizona in 2008, welcomed their first child in 2015. Fans were surprised when Whittaker debuted a baby bump on the Brits red carpet last year as no one had suspected that she was pregnant. The couple keep their family life very private and have not revealed their children’s names. Whittaker famously became the first ever female Doctor in the show’s almost 60-year history when she took over the role from Peter Capaldi who played the Twelfth Doctor. She made her on screen debut on Christmas Day 2017 in an episode entitled Twice Upon A time following the Twelfth Doctor’s regeneration. Her first full series, which was also the first series helmed by new showrunner Chris Chibnall, premiered in October 2018. Chibnall and Whittaker had previously worked together on the ITV show Broadchurch. Whittaker departed the show following three specials that ran throughout 2022, the last of which aired in October. Although Sex Education star Ncuti Gatwa had previously been announced as the new Doctor speculation was rife amongst fans that she would regenerate into David Tennant, who played the Tenth Doctor and who had been seen filming scenes for the shows forthcoming 60th anniversary specials. The speculation proved correct meaning that fans will have to wait a little while longer to see Gatwa’s take on the iconic character. In the meantime trailers for the 60th anniversary specials show returning characters such as Donna Noble (Catherine Tate) and Wilfred Mott, played by the late Bernard Cribbins in his last screen role. Doctor Who is available to watch on the BBC iPlayer. The 60th anniversary specials will air later this year.