Former Geordie Shore star Aaron Chalmers is set to fight boxing legend Floyd Mayweather in an exhibition bout on February 25. Mayweather is fighting in the UK for the very first time and Chalmers was announced as his opponent after kickboxer Liam Harrison was forced to pull out with an injury. While still a cast member on Geordie Shore, Chalmers began an MMA career in 2017. He won his first three fights for UK promotion BAMMA and signed with Bellator in 2018, where he had four bouts. After going 2-2 in Bellator, Chalmers retired from the sport in 2021 and had his first boxing match the following year, outpointing Alexander Zeledon. Now, the 35-year-old is set for a lucrative clash with Mayweather, who is widely regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time and boasts an undefeated professional record of 50-0. And with that in mind, Express Sport takes a look at how much Chalmers is worth. JUST IN: Benn responds after being mocked by Domino's in social media exchange After joining Geordie Shore in 2014, Chalmers remained a regular on the show for four years. He also appeared on series six of Ex on the Beach as well as Geordie Shore spin-off show Geordie Shore OGs. And during his time as a reality TV star and a professional fighter, the Sun report that Chalmers has a net worth of around £1m. They also claim he can earn between £4K and £9K for a sponsored post on Instagram, where he boasts 2.4m followers. Despite his huge net worth, Chalmers is not the richest Geordie Shore star, with Vicky Pattison reportedly worth a whopping £4.2m. Gaz Beadle is also reportedly worth over £4m, while Charlotte Crosby is said to be worth around £2m. The likes of Chloe Ferry and Holly Hagan are also said to have net worths of around £1m. DON'T MISSJake Paul set for Piers Morgan interview amid Cristiano Ronaldo curseJake Paul takes aim at Tommy Fury with cruel Molly-Mae Hague digFury and Paul stats show one fighter is clearly the bigger puncher Speaking ahead of his fight against Mayweather, Chalmers said: "It's been a whirlwind four weeks. I know his [Mayweather's] jab is unbelievable, can I handle that jab? You'll find that out on Saturday. I've tried to be sharp and fit, I've got a nutritionist and there's no stone unturned when facing Floyd. "He's got 10 years on me, so it's just about being sharp and being in his face. He's one of the best boxers, so I can’t get too carried away and get clipped. If you face the best of all time, the rest should be much easier. This was the offer that came in and I grabbed it with both hands."