The Premier League have dropped a bombshell following their four-year investigation into Manchester City with more than 100 charges brought to the Etihad outfit. It's an unprecedented list that could see City face serious punishments, including potentially being expelled from the league altogether.  The Premier League makes reference to several parts of its rulebook in its full statement which is effectively split into a number of different categories. The first group of allegations against City indicates they failed to provide 'accurate financial information that gives a true and fair view of the club’s financial position, in particular with respect to its revenue (including sponsorship revenue), its related parties and its operating costs' between 2009 and 2018. City are largely accused of failing to fully comply with the 'submission of club accounts' under Premier League rules. The specified rules City are alleged to have breached on numerous occasions include a submission 'to the secretary a copy of its annual accounts in respect of its most recent financial year'. It also includes alleged breaches for not disclosing balance sheets or notes to the accounts 'of the total sums payable and receivable in respect of compensation fees, contingent sums and loan fees'. And the breaches in the same category continue with City allegedly failing to include a breakdown within the profit and loss account of the notes 'of revenue in appropriate categories such as gate receipts, sponsorship and advertising, broadcasting rights, commercial income and other income'.  The second group relates to City allegedly failing to 'include full details of manager and player remuneration in its relevant contracts with its manager and players' on several different occasions. The allegations against the employment of their manager stretch from 2009 to 2013, focusing on the rules which state that 'no club shall employ any person as a manager unless terms of the manager's employment have been evidenced in a written contract of employment between the club and the manager and the manager's contract of employment has been registered with the secretary'. The allegations also indicate City failed to produce the right paperwork pertaining to the 'contracts of employment between a club and a manager' to 'include the standard clauses set out in Appendix 8'. Similar 'remuneration' breaches are alleged in regard to players between 2010 and 2016 as well as 'image contracts'. Potentially most damaging in the Premier League's finding is the third category of their allegations, which point out the member club's requirements to 'comply with UEFA’s regulations, including UEFA’s Club Licensing and Financial Fair Play Regulations' in 2013-14 and between 2014-15 and 2017-18. City were banned from playing in the Champions League for two years back in 2020 by UEFA as well as being slapped with a £25million fine for alleged FFP breaches.  That was eventually overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) in July of the same year with City vehemently denying any suggestion they were in financial breach of UEFA's rules. But the Premier League's latest report pointing out the breaches specifically in relation to UEFA's Financial Fair Play Regulations leaves more questions for City to answer. The remaining two sections in the Premier League report point to rule breaches on profit and sustainability in the 2015-16, 2016-17 and 2017-18 seasons as well as a failure to 'cooperate with, and assist, the Premier League in its investigations, including by providing documents and information to the Premier League in the utmost good faith' between 2018 and now. Under rule B.6 in the Premier League handbook, a club can be expelled from the league 'upon a special resolution to that effect being passed by a majority of not less than three-quarters of such members as (being entitled to do so) vote by their representatives or by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution has been duly given'. The reigning Premier League champions have now been referred to an independent commission over the alleged breaches. But, unlike the Champions League ban City face three years ago, the new set of breaches are not 'time-barred' under Premier League rules. CAS noted at the time of their investigation that most of the allegations of FFP regulation breaches were 'either not established or time-barred'.