While it’s a good idea to spruce up your abode before putting it on the market, home-buying experts have highlighted the things it would be a waste of money trying to remedy. These include appliances, carpet, blinds and anything else which can be easily removed. Terry Fisher, of property website We Buy Any Home, has shared four particular areas. He said: “Most people will spend a considerable amount of time and sometimes money making their house nice and presentable before they put it up for sale. “It’s a good idea and understandably people want to show their homes at their best, so they can get the best price. “But there are certain things it’s not wise to spend your hard-earned cash on fixing.” First on the list is decoration, especially if it means painting your home in eye-catching colours which might not suit every taste. READ MORE: ‘No-go’ bathroom paint colours to avoid - makes the room feel ‘dated’ Terry said: “Most people will give some parts of their home a lick of paint before putting it on the market. But if your house is already presentable then don’t get carried away. “While touching up some scuff marks with a tin of emulsion from the garage is fine, don’t spend money redecorating your whole home in bright, trendy colours. It may even put potential buyers off if it’s not to their liking.” The same can be said if households use dark colours. While it can be striking, it’s definitely an acquired taste. Plus, it won’t be easy for the next homeowner to correct if they don’t like it, since primer may be required along with many coats of new paint to cover up the old. DON'T MISS5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [EXPERT]‘Effective combination’ to ‘permanently’ remove ivy from your garden [TIPS]‘Best’ tip to ‘guarantee’ your hydrangeas ‘will bloom’ after winter [INSIGHT] Small and medium-sized appliances are another thing which the property pro recommends waiting to resolve. Terry said: “Most people bring appliances such as microwaves, washing machines or fridges with them. “It’s therefore not recommended to spend money replacing these before you move, unless of course you plan on taking them with you.” Also if sellers do replace their appliances, the new homeowners may decide they want a different brand or model. READ MORE: ‘Expensive’ time to avoid using dishwashers as prices ‘skyrocket’ As with wall decoration, tastes in carpet floorboard and tiles can vary wildly from person to person. Instead of splashing out on top-of-the-range flooring, Terry recommended sticking with what you’ve got. He said: “It can be really tempting to renovate your house from top to bottom when putting it up for sale, but you have to remember the cost involved and whether it’s likely you will be able to recoup that amount of money in the sale. “Most people will move into a home and expect to carry out some jobs themselves. After all, they will want to put their own stamp on the space. “If your flooring is looking a little worse for wear, consider if you can avoid replacing it and reassuring the buyer that it can be easily changed by them.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Window coverings are another area where it’s easy to splash the cash without considering if it’s worthwhile. Many blinds will be made-to-measure, or may not fit into a new home once you move. Therefore, the property guru recommends a simple solution for tired blinds and curtains. Terry said: “Instead of spending time and money buying new blinds, simply take them down. This will open up the windows to let plenty of light in, and will stop you worrying about their condition if they are old or broken. “This will also ensure potential buyers have a blank canvas to transform themselves. Just make sure you wash the windows thoroughly, because cobwebs and marks will be more obvious.”