National League side Wrexham are quickly becoming must-watch television for soccer fans in the United States - and recent viewing figures show that they're more popular than European footballing giants. Currently playing in the fifth-tier of England's professional setup, the Welsh club is co-owned by Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney and their story is somewhat similar to that of a fairytale. The popularity of the hit series 'Welcome to Wrexham' has seen the club's exploits shared around the world, with the team being closely followed across the pond. As a result, American sports fans have clearly become engrossed with the story because their recent FA Cup fixture drew more viewers in the US than any other soccer game that weekend, according to ESPN. Despite the likes of Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid all playing on the same day as Wrexham, the network revealed that, across the various ESPN+ digital platforms, Wrexham vs Sheffield United was the most followed game. Wrexham may have conceded late to take the tie to a replay, but owner Reynolds - best known for his work as Deadpool - joked that they had decided to "green light the sequel", such was the interest in the team. MUST READ: King Charles' Wrexham prediction rings true under Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney control Taking to Twitter after the game, the Hollywood sensation penned to his 21.1m followers: "It was so popular, we decided in the 95th minute of the game to green light the sequel." The ‘Made in Wrexham’ documentary series has been credited with bringing new fans to the sport, particularly in the US. Reynolds and McElhenney are fairly recent converts to soccer, but they are relative veterans compared to Reynolds' wife, Blake Lively. The actress revealed on Instagram that she had taken out a subscription for ESPN for the Wrexham game to follow along with her husband, who had flown to Wales to be in the stadium for the match. Alongside a picture of Reynolds looking particularly stressed on the live coverage, Blakely wrote to her 37.8m followers: "I bought ESPN+ today. Just to watch my husband experience crippling anxiety live. Worth it." Ryan Reynolds got the blockbuster he craved, but not the romantic upset that Wrexham deserved. The National League highflyers were on the verge of reaching the fifth round for the first time in 26 years before John Egan ruined their script with a 95th-minute equaliser. Blades manager Paul Heckingbottom praised his players for the way they handled the game. He added: "We all know why everyone turned up today and I'm glad we didn't give them what they wanted."