The Blacklist’s season 10 premiere had surprises aplenty for fans who were keen to see what lies ahead for Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) in the show’s final run. From a surprise cameo from Aram (Amir Arison) to a flashback of Liz (Megan Boone), NBC viewers were hit with a dose of nostalgia right from the get-go. However, as the drama unravelled on-screen and Red’s enemies began to plot against him, fans voiced their disdain at the main man’s seeming absence. After all, the majority of the season 10 premiere centred on Wujing (Chin Han) putting together a task force to finally take out Red. Wujing’s plans were promptly put into motion after viewers were reintroduced to none other than The Freelancer, also known as Alban Veseli (Daniel Sauli). With Red being their “common enemy”, Wujing plotted to get The Freelancer on side and eventually take down the show’s criminal mastermind lead. Elsewhere - again away from an update on Red - the episode welcomed budding MI6 agent Siya Malik (Anya Banerjee) to the series. READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series Siya crossed paths with the FBI and Cooper (Harry Lennix) following a townhouse explosion linked to Red. And as the daughter of season one stalwart Meera (Parminder Nagra), Siya took it upon herself to delve deep into the case. With so much going on in The Blacklist universe away from Red, there was barely any screen time for the man himself to appear. Of course, he did pop up once or twice, briefly appearing with an unkept head of hair during the Aram cutaway and being shown around a vacated property by a real estate agent - presumably for whatever shady dealings he has up his sleeve. However, given the wait fans have endured before being able to see Spader reprise the role and return to screens, it’s safe to say a number weren’t pleased with the lack of screen time. Taking to Twitter after the premiere, user @imyourplusone raged: “Season 10 premiere review: Not. Enough. Red. #TheBlacklist.” Elsewhere, @SpaderFPage fumed: “I'M NOT EVEN PAYING ATTENTION I JUST WANT RED WHERE IS HE?! #TheBlacklist.” This was echoed by @PoisonGirl_616 who queried: “Yoooo where tf is Red???? We get only 5 seconds of him? #TheBlacklist.” DON'T MISS:Outlander fans spot tribute to Sam Heughan in novelsThe Last of Us theory ‘seals’ Joel’s death1923 finale teases Spencer and Alexandra ‘lost at sea’ And @Shondaevents quipped: “How is this the premiere of the final season, and they are playing where's Red!? #TheBlacklist.” Meanwhile, @GBRHatRoom branded the episode “sad” as they tweeted: “#TheBlacklist with Red and Liz in S1 was sexy and interesting. “Now in S10 season opener....barely any James Spader. Sad,” they added. And @TheBlacklistGSM sarcastically said: “No Red dialogue until the halfway mark is one way to go for the season premiere.. #TheBlacklist.” (sic) Fans will have to wait and hope that Spader will appear more on-screen. But in the meantime, NBC has released a synopsis of what fans can expect in the second episode next week. It reads: "The Task Force works to infiltrate a high-stakes poker game tied to Wujing with the help of new team member, Siya Malik. "Red and Cooper have opposing tactics when Agnes is bullied at school," it concludes. The Blacklist season 10 continues Sunday on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.