Tsitsipas has been training at the Mouratoglou Academy since his junior days in 2015, with Patrick Mouratoglou himself often seen in the Greek star’s player box supporting and coaching him at tour events. But the 24-year-old’s partnership with the Frenchman and his academy was recently reported to have ended after almost a decade. The world No 3 was said to have decided to stop working with the academy and the renowned tennis coach ahead of his next tournament at the Rotterdam ATP 500. But Express Sport can exclusively confirm that the Mouratoglou Academy has denied all reports and continues to work with Tsitsipas, saying the “situation has not changed” with the 24-year-old and their bond is still “intact”. Their partnership is said to have allowed Tsitsipas to use the Mouratoglou Academy in Nice, France in exchange for his image to be used to advertise the facilities and academy. The reports came after the 24-year-old added Mark Philippoussis to his coaching camp - a partnership that proved successful with Tsitsipas reaching the second Grand Slam final of his career at the recent Australian Open where he lost to Novak Djokovic. JUST IN: Tennis star fights tears after helping injured opponent in horror fall And the rumours also followed confirmation that Mouratoglou will continue to work with world No 9 Holger Rune after something of a trial period. The Frenchman opted to join the 19-year-old’s team at the end of 2022 when his main protege Simona Halep ended her season early to undergo nose surgery. She has since been suspended after failing a drugs test and is currently trying to fight the suspension, and Mouratoglou has continued his partnership with Rune in the meantime. After Mouratoglou continued working with the Dane at the start of the 2023 season in Australia, Rune told Tennis Majors: “We’re going to continue, yes. Last year was obviously great. This year has been very good, too. And it’s nice to have him by my side. DON'T MISSTennis star smashes three rackets in extraordinary fit of rageNovak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal included on Indian Wells entry listFrench tennis star retires in tears after injury from horror fall “We have a very good time together, together with Lars (Christensen, his long-time coach) and my mum. The whole team is improving, everybody is open and I’m happy with how I’ve built my team.” Meanwhile, Tsitsipas’ team is made up of his dad Apostolos, Thomas Enqvist and now Philippoussis. He will be the top seed at next week’s Rotterdam ATP 500 and will be defending points from reaching the final last year. 