Nicky Campbell, 61, interviewed the daughter of an alleged paedophile teacher who he says sexually abused him at boarding school. The BBC presenter was allegedly subjected to sexual and physical abuse at the Edinburgh Academy back in the 1970s. Speaking on Nicky’s BBC Radio 5 podcast, Different, the daughter of the alleged paedophile revealed her father was absent, while her mother was a "maniac". Jenny Pearson, 64, candidly admitted she could not bear the fact she shared blood with her parents and does not want to look like either of them. She said: “I wanted to reach out because I believe in the truth and I can't bear secrets and collusion.” Jenny went on to point out that she was "in awe" of Nicky’s decision to speak out on the abuse he allegedly received and witnessed. She continued: “I can say hand-on-heart, I didn't miss him, but I resented him leaving us with a maniac.” "In photographs I can see both my parents in me, I don't want to look like my mother, I don't want to look like my father. I don't want their blood in my system, but it is." Jenny elaborated: “It's appalling, it's repulsive, it's shameful, it's disgusting. “I have spent my entire professional life fighting for the rights of children and young people, and he was doing that. "So I feel we're the antithesis and I'm glad about that." She claimed that Edinburgh Academy had refused to send her a written apology because they did not know what Nicky "would do with it". "I took exception to that, Nicky, because there was a presumption that something that I felt I was due, I was going to pass on to you. 'Not impressed' is putting it lightly," she said. Nicky bravely spoke out about his traumatic experience that he said “stayed with me all my life”. DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [HOLLYWOOD]Lily Rose Depp baffles fans with homage to dad Johnny's ex Kate Moss [PICS]Jane Fonda issues warning after sharing 'big regret' in personal life [COMMENT] He told BBC Radio 5 Live: "I was badly beaten up at school by a teacher who was a leading light in the scripture union. “My mother took it as far as she could and got a grovelling apology from (the man involved), but was essentially stonewalled and it was hushed up by the school. “Those were different times and that has stayed with me all my life." Nicky also recounted witnessing abuse on his schoolmates at the hands of another man at the institution who has not been named. He said: “I cannot describe it here and I can never unsee it.” This man was known to us all as a predator and a sadist but we never told anyone. "My school friends and I talk about it now with each other with, again, contempt, disbelief and incomprehension that sort of thing happened in plain sight and nothing was done. “And why didn't we as little boys tell anyone in power what was happening? I don't know." A statement from Edinburgh Academy said: "Like any right-minded person, we are appalled by the reports of historic abuse. "We continue to work closely with authorities such as Police Scotland and the Scottish Child Abuse Inquiry as they investigate what has happened. They are rightly leading on establishing the facts and what action may need to follow, and we will continue to respect that ongoing process. "The wellbeing of children is at the heart of our school ethos today and we have robust measures in place to safeguard every student entrusted to our care. Schools should be safe places for children, and we encourage anyone who has been the victim of abuse to contact the police."