Charlotte Ritchie is very much a chameleon when it comes to her acting career. From starring in BBC sitcom Ghost and period drama Call the Midwife, to Channel 4's Feel Good, she is quickly becoming one to watch in the world of TV. Her latest part is in You's eagerly anticipated fourth season as Joe Goldberg's (played by Penn Badgley) potential next obsession. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from You.Actress Charlotte Ritchie is behind art gallery director Kate in season four of You which premiered on Thursday, February 9. Despite frightening off a couple of muggers who stole her watch, Kate doesn't want to know Joe and is confused by his sudden presence in the friendship group. Nevertheless, as more people in their social circles are murdered, Joe starts to question if she could be behind the killings. But could she be capable and is she really the mysterious texter who is trying to frame Joe? READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered For years, there have been rumours that actress Charlotte Ritchie is the granddaughter of legendary Hollywood actor Richard Burton. He was most famous for starring in Cleopatra and Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf, as well as his on-off romance with actress Elizabeth Taylor. It was thought Charlotte was the granddaughter of Burton and his first wife Sybil Christopher, and the daughter of Grey's Anatomy actress Kate Burton. However, this is not the case as Ritchie is not related to Burton whatsoever. Responding to a fan on Twitter, she wrote: “I genuinely don’t know where this came from. "My own mother is not famous but b****y should be.” She also told iNews in 2021: “It’s annoying. Only because it’s not true – my actual granddad would be really annoyed.” There are a few reasons which could explain how this rumour came about. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [EXIT]Princess Margaret's lady-in-waiting 'furious' over Crown portrayal [REACTION]You fans in frenzy as Love Quinn returns in part two [EXPLAINER] Actress Kate Burton has a daughter called Charlotte and her husband's name is Michael Ritchie. But the Grey's Anatomy and Scandal star Charlotte was born in 1998 and Richie in 1989. Showbusiness ran in the family as her real grandfather, who died before she was born, performed in the theatre. Ritchie's grandmother was also a TV actress back in the 1940s which may have inspired her to pursue her own television career. The first five episodes of You season four are now ready to watch on Netflix. Subscribers are going to have to wait a little longer for the rest of the series to come out though Part two, which also consists of five episodes, will be out on Thursday, March 9. You season four part one is available to watch on Netflix.