Emmerdale's Naomi Walters (played by Karen Peters) recently ended her relationship with Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) after she accused him of not wanting to spend time with her. Ready to move on, she arranges a date with Dawn Fletcher's (Olivia Bromley) dangerous ex-boyfriend Alex Moore (Liam Boyle) in upcoming scenes. Will Dawn try and warn Naomi about the soap villain before she falls too deeply?  Dawn's dodgy ex is returning to the ITV soap next week, spoilers have confirmed. In upcoming episodes, Naomi arranges a drink with Alex but she's oblivious to the trouble she's getting herself into. Later on, Dawn's completely thrown to see Alex and Naomi flirting outside the café while Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) is taken aback to see them on a date. The concerned father can't help but worry about what she is getting herself into with Alex. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale   Will Naomi listen to their warnings or will she ignore them and continue dating Alex? Alex was last seen in the Yorkshire Dales last November when Kim Tate (Claire King) and Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) taught him a lesson. The character wanted to play a role in the upbringing of his son Lucas Taylor (Noah Ryan Aspinall) but Dawn disallowed it. He was later revealed as Clemmie Reed's (Mabel Addison) biological father - but she is being fostered by Dawn.    Kim and Will were disgusted Alex was threatening to take Clemmie away unless Dawn paid him off last year. So they got their revenge by locking him in the Home Farm stables overnight. They will not be pleased to know Alex has returned to the village, but why has he decided to come back this time? Does the corrupt character have an ulterior motive linked to Lucas and Clemmie? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as fans 'work out' Zak Dingle health diagnosis [SPOILER]Gemma Atkinson hits back as parenting skills are branded 'upsetting' [UPDATE]Emmerdale backlash as fans beg ITV to 'get real' over Sam arrest [REACTION]   Naomi's father Charles also has his son Ethan Anderson (Emile John) to worry about after his partner Marcus Dean (Darcy Gray) ended up betraying him by sleeping with someone else. Ethan caught Marcus with a mystery man in recent episodes on the ITV soap just moments before he planned to propose to him. He caught Marcus and his fling walking out of the bedroom and things were made even worse when the lover began to wind up Ethan. The fling claimed he'd slept with Marcus multiple times and Ethan demanded them to leave following a blazing row.  "I want you out of here," Ethan fumed as Marcus argued: "Come on, don't ruin what we've got." "At least give me a chance to explain," a cheating Marcus begged. Ethan had no intention of backing down and told Marcus their relationship was finished. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV1, and streams on ITVX. 