Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) rarely spoke about her mother after the pair grew apart when she decided to live with Jenny Connor (Sally-Ann Matthews). Christina (Amy Robbins) surprised Daisy when she showed up out of the blue after hearing about her engagement to Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard). However, Amy recently announced she would be leaving Coronation Street just weeks after making her debut on the ITV soap. Amy took to her Instagram page to announce her departure and posted a picture of herself hugging her co-stars Charlotte and Rob. She captioned the image: "And so .. Christina bids a fond farewell to her beloved long-suffering Daisy and her darling soon to be soon in law Daniel. “@charliejordanxo @rob.mallard @sallyannmathews I shall miss you. “Thank you ALL at @coronationstreet for making me so welcome. As dream jobs go .. this one was hard to beat." READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star Fans of Amy and her character were devastated to hear the news and commented underneath her image. @charliejordan.fanxo wrote: "That was quick. We will miss you, Amy. I hope you will return one day." @amandabmwiggins added: "Aw I hope you come back again soon x." @dunromin6 noted: "Don’t want you to leave this character can go further great actress great asset to Corrie." @nicole.dell.125 said: "You’re so so bloody amazing!!!! I hope you come back on the show very soon." @imogen_xo17 joked: "Awww you were incredible! You’ll be missed on the cobbles even if daisy doesn’t think so." @middlesbroughfc138 exclaimed: "Gone already and Will miss you so much but at least you will be on screen for a bit longer." (sic) Her arrival in Weatherfield was met with shock and anger from both Daisy and Jenny after Christina felt Jenny stole her husband. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity  [WATCH]BBC Breakfast sparks backlash over Will Ferrell interview [LATEST]Dan Walker sparks uproar with 'crass' question to Nicola's partner [INSIGHT] At the beginning of the month, Jenny and Christina came to blows in the Rovers which made Daisy feel the pressure of her mother's presence even more. Speaking on the pair's relationship, Amy told Metro.co.uk: "‘Christina believes Jenny ran off with her husband. "As far as she’s concerned, Jenny is the reason Christina’s marriage broke down. If you ask Jenny, she will say the marriage was broken anyway. "But Christina’s got it in her head that Jenny was the reason her husband didn’t want to be married anymore and that was the reason she had to leave, which was all so painful." However, her time on the cobbles hasn't been all bad as Daniel stepped in and made Christina and Daisy sit down for a heartfelt chat. Christina knew Daisy didn't want her there or to attend the wedding so decided she was going to fly back to Amsterdam, however, Daniel intervened. He pretended he had organised a date night for the pair, but it was Christina who was waiting for her in the Bistro. Whilst Daisy was upset Daniel had lied to her, it did the mother and daughter some good to air their grievances and later encouraged Daisy to invited Christina to their wedding. Will she leave before she gets to see her daughter walk down the aisle? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.