DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) had the task of solving the murder of one of their fellow police officers on Sunday night. Cooper Joel Kingston (Wolfe Miller), who came from a notable police family was found dead, floating in a park lake. Everyone came under suspicion during the case even Joel's copper father, Phil Kingston (Matthew Marsh). However, as Vera began the investigation and started interviewing Joel's colleagues, viewers became distracted by some of the actor's accents. The episode saw appearances from a string of famous faces including Billy Gunnion, who played Joel's brother Shane Kingston. Lizzie Hopley played the copper's mum, Deb Kingston, while Gary Mavers took on the role criminal Gerry Farr. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star Taking to social media to share their frustrations with the Geordie accents, @DavidWa53158736 fumed: "The accents are all over the place, I know the geordie accent is hard but come on, my teeth are on edge #Vera." Sarah asked: "Why does everyone in #Vera tonight have a North West accent?!" While Shann quizzed: "Can Vera not use her own accent… #vera." "No Geordie actors anymore? #vera #woke," Simon went on to say. However, Jay defended accents in the ITV series, as he tweeted: "Most of the people I work with and know socially are not Geordie/from the North East. "Why do loads of viewers think Newcastle/the North East is only inhabited by people born here?" "Just seen Marjorie of #AufWiedersehenPet running a B&B in Whitley Bay on #Vera, I wonder if Oz knows she’s back from Italy without Sandro in tow? Has anyone noticed how many Mancs and Scousers live & graft in Newcastle on Vera? Are there Geordie actors left in the acting pool? user @IRVCHESTER asked. Following last weekend's episode, Julie Littlewood said: "Let’s play ‘spot the Geordie accent’ in #Vera." DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored  [INSIGHT]Dancing on Ice's Darren Harriott dealt crushing blow hours before show [NEWS]Brits viewers in uproar over Tom Grennan's 'inappropriate' comment [REACTION] Ian added: "Odd for a series set in the Northeast that virtually no one in it has a Northeastern accent. #Vera." In the past, Brenda Blethyn admitted one of the selling points of the ITV series is filming in Newcastle and Sunderland. Touching on getting to spend time away from home, she explained: “Oh it’s beautiful in Northumberland. “I’d never been there actually before we did Vera and I was stunned at the most spectacular scenery." “There’s seascapes, landscapes and the people are so nice," she added on the Saturday Live podcast with Aasmah Mir and Rev Richard Coles. “I think it’s kind of true what they say about the North-South divide, they really are very friendly people.” While they were filming for series 12, fans were given an insight into the drama as Brenda and the cast were often spotted in various locations on set. Vera returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV. “There’s seascapes, landscapes and the people are so nice. “I think it’s kind of true what they say about the North-South divide, they really are very friendly people.”