Lawns may not look their best in winter but they could end up much worse in spring without proper care between seasons. While you may think there's little that can be done to shelter your garden from the cold weather, it is just as important as keeping the grass free from weeds to stimulate fresh green growth. And according to a gardening expert at Lawnsmith, it's easy to do in just a few easy steps. There is little to do in the garden during winter, particularly when it comes to maintaining your grass. As growth slows almost to a halt, mowing and pruning is no longer necessary until at least the end of February when the first signs of spring appear. However, according to an expert Lawnsmith, you should pay more attention to the weather in order to keep your lawn looking its best - particularly in colder, northern regions. They said: "From December to the end of February there is little to do as growth will have all but stopped and frosts will become quite frequent. READ MORE: Four easy steps to achieve sparkling’ and ‘streak-free’ windows "From here on in, frost is your lawn's main enemy but only if you walk on the frosty grass." Though it is tricky to cover your grass to protect it from frost, keeping the grass in good condition is as simple as changing the way you use it. To shelter the brittle blades from cold weather damage, you should keep your lawn clear of heavy furniture and even foot traffic. The Lawnsmith expert explained: "Do try and keep off because as soon as the frost goes you'll be left with your footprints etched into the lawn." DON'T MISS...‘Best’ methods to stop lawns being ‘overrun’ with weeds [INSIGHT]Exact date you should start mowing your lawn after winter [REVEAL]Avoid 'brittle' grass with easy measures to 'restore' a damaged lawn [EXPERT] Though it may seem unlikely in the current mild conditions, snow is another thing to consider when thinking about lawn care in late winter. If you do experience snowfall, it should melt into the grass on its own though you can avoid excess moisture by keeping any snow on paths well away. According to lawn experts, shovelling excess snow from pathways onto grass areas can "bring on disease" and wreak havoc on the health of your grass. They said: "It is only likely that fusarium or snow mould will be present at this time of year though it usually goes unnoticed. READ MORE: ‘Aggressive’ garden plants to ‘avoid’ - they ‘pierce through walls’ "Fusarium can be a sign of poor turf health, high thatch levels, poor air circulation, compaction or just persistent wet conditions. " As the weather warms up, keeping your lawn free from moss should also be a priority - especially in wet conditions. You can keep the furry moss under control by applying a low-nitrogen, high-potassium formula fertiliser between now and spring. This should be used during a mild spell to kill off the unwanted growth and achieve "good moss control". For more severe cases, you may need to use more targeted treatments.  The Lawnsmith expert noted that while it's "too late to do anything as radical as scarifying", you can use a ferrous sulphate solution without being left with "disfigured" grass. They said: "Taking a gentler approach may well pay dividends, however. Depending on how severe your moss problem is apply Ferrous Sulphate a.k.a Soluble Iron at about 4g to 5g per square metre once or twice (maximum three times) over the winter period. "This will blacken the top layer thus blocking light from getting to the moss deeper down so temporarily halting growth." In spring you should then have far less moss to contend with so you can save time raking it out and enjoy watching the new grass grow.