Rishi Sunak today pledged to Volodymyr Zelensky that "we will always be by your side" in Ukraine's fight against Vladimir Putin's brutal invasion and insisted "nothing was off the table" when it comes to sending jets. The Prime Minister was speaking during a joint press conference with the Ukrainian President at a military base in Dorset. Arriving at Lulworth Camp by Chinook helicopter, the two leaders met some of the Ukrainian troops being trained by the British Army to use Challenger 2 tanks and signed a declaration of unity. Speaking during the press conference, Mr Sunak told Mr Zelensky: "Your visit here today underlines our two countries' close and enduring friendship. "We will always be by your side, your staunch and unwavering friends. "We both know the people of Ukraine's incredible strength and inspiring bravery will ultimately defeat tyranny. "That is why we are training and arming them with the equipment they need to push back Russian forces. "We are also accelerating the delivery of our equipment to ensure that it reaches your frontline in coming days and weeks, not months or years." The PM said the UK's Challenger 2 tanks would be in operation in Ukraine by "next month". Touching on the expansion of a UK-Ukrainian armed forces training programme, Mr Sunak added: "We must arm Ukraine in the short term but we must bolster Ukraine for the long term. "Your country cannot be left vulnerable to attack ever again." Speaking through a translator, Mr Zelensky said Kyiv's relations with Britain have reached a "new level". He said: "It is very clear that we are standing together with Great Britain. This is truly a new level of our relations. "My deep gratitude to Rishi and all of Great Britain for your readiness and willingness to work with us in executing the Ukrainian peace formula." The Ukrainian President added that his discussions today with Mr Sunak were "very fruitful" as he thanked Britain for its support. He said: "I'm not able to share with you all of the details what we've been talking about and how it is specifically we are going to strengthen Ukraine. "However I would like to say that this day has become very fruitful and I'm grateful to the Prime Minister for understanding our needs and for his helpful advice and for the decisions that are truly helping our Ukrainian warriors to become stronger. "I'm also grateful to His Majesty for the opportunity to have a meeting and conversation with him, and I'm grateful to all of the members of the British Parliament who today to my address clearly showed that Great Britain will never betray their brave spirit." Mr Sunak insisted "nothing was off the table" when asked about the possibility of sending UK fighter jets to Ukraine. He said: "When it comes to fighter combat aircraft, of course they are part of the conversation - indeed, we have been discussing that today and have been previously. "That's why we have announced today that we will be training Ukrainian air force on Nato-standard platforms, because the first step in being able to provide advanced aircrafts is to have soldiers or aviators who are capable of using them. "That is a process that takes some time. We've started that process today, that's because we are keen to support the president and his country in delivering a victory.  "And nothing is off the table and our leadership on this issue is something we all collectively should be very proud of, and I know the president is grateful for." Mr Zelensky said that without the fighter jets he is asking for there is a risk of "stagnation" in his country's struggle against Russia. Earlier, Downing Street disclosed that Mr Sunak had asked the Defence Secretary to investigate what advanced jets the UK could potentially give to Ukraine. The press conference came just minutes after the Russian embassy to Britain warned sending jets to Ukraine would see "military and political consequences for the European continent and the entire world". It comes as Mr Zelensky is in the UK for a whirlwind visit which has seen him address MPs in Parliament and meet King Charles. 