Also known as hypercholesterolemia, having high cholesterol is the term used to describe having too much of a fatty substance called cholesterol in the blood. This is of concern as it can cause dangerous blockages over time. Therefore, spotting any warning signs and making the necessary lifestyle changes could be vital. Many people with high cholesterol won’t actually know they have the condition until they either get tested or experience a related health issue. However, those with familial hypercholesterolemia - meaning they inherited high cholesterol levels - could notice some physical signs. One such sign is an unusual shape forming in the eye. The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), describes this as: “A whitish grey colour in the shape of a half-moon on the outside of your cornea.” READ MORE: Brain tumour patients often report one of two symptoms in their ‘final weeks of life’   It says this occurs when extra cholesterol builds up in the body. “Your doctor may be able to detect physical signs of familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) during a clinical exam, although not everyone with FH has these signs,” it says. “These physical signs of FH occur when extra cholesterol builds up in different parts of the body.” Other physical signs of familial hypercholesterolemia include:   The same as lifestyle-related high cholesterol, familial hypercholesterolemia can lead to serious complications, such as heart disease. But the difference is, making the usual lifestyle changes to lower cholesterol will “often” not be enough. The CDC says: “FH is a genetic disorder that affects about one in 250 people and increases the likelihood of having coronary heart disease at a younger age. “People with FH have increased blood levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, sometimes called ‘bad cholesterol’.  “Having too much LDL cholesterol in your blood increases your risk for developing coronary artery disease or having a heart attack. “For people with FH, exercising and healthy eating habits are important, but often not enough to lower their cholesterol to a healthy level. “Medicines, such as statins, are needed to help control cholesterol levels. “If you have FH, finding the disorder early and treating it can reduce your risk of heart disease by about 80 percent.  “If your child is diagnosed with FH, statin therapy in childhood may be required, often starting by age eight to 10.” If you have familial hypercholesterolemia, your low-density lipoprotein levels as an adult will likely be over 190 milligrams per decilitre (mg/dL) in adults. For children these will be over 160 mg/dL. In people who do not have familial hypercholesterolemia anything above 160 mg/dL is considered high. 