After over eight years as head of the Scottish government, Nicola Sturgeon announced she was stepping down from the role in a surprise press conference at her official Bute House residence on Wednesday morning. She told reporters her party was "awash with talented individuals" yet did not hint as to who her replacement might be. As speculation abounds, Express.co.uk has compiled a round-up of the latest betting odds. During the conference, Scotland's longest-serving First Minister said her decision was not made due to "short-term pressures" – such as the ongoing row over transgender rights, in Scottish prisons in particular – but insisted she had been "wrestling" with the decision for some weeks. She said: "In my head and in my heart I know that time is now, that it is right for me and my party and for the country." Ms Sturgeon confirmed she would remain in post until her successor was selected, and would stay on as an MSP until at least the 2026 Holyrood elections. As the SNP's political opponents seek to seize the opportunity presented by the departure of Scottish politics' most high-profile figure, the bookies have been quick to take bets on who might take her place. READ MORE: Six key things you need to know from Sturgeon's resignation speech Betfair Evens, Ladbrokes 6/5, William Hill Evens As of midday Wednesday, former Deputy Leader of the SNP Angus Robertson is the clear favourite. Currently the Culture and External Affairs secretary, the Salmond-era veteran has many years experience in Holyrood and Westminster. An MSP for Edinburgh Central, he has been a driving force behind the push for a second independence referendum.   Betfair 9/1, Ladbrokes 7/1, William Hill 8/1Ms Sturgeon's Deputy First Minister and close ally, John Swinney would be an obvious pick. His years of experience at the top table of Scottish politics make him the most senior figure within govenment and the SNP. Mr Swinney has served as SNP leader in the past in the early 2000s, albeit briefly following Mr Salmond's first resignation.  Other contenders include SNP deputy leader Keith Brown, MP for Edinburgh South West Joanna Cherry and SNP deputy leader in the Commons Mhairi Black. A return of former SNP heavyweight Alex Salmond seems an unlikey prospect, William Hill placing the odds at 33 to one. 