Houseplants are a great way to brighten up a room, but with different watering schedules between species, it can be hard to get to grips with just how much each of your individual plants needs. Luckily, plant expert Raegan Kastner who runs her own botanical business has a "magical" hack to tell when "any type of plant needs to be watered". Raegan shared the tip with her audience of 330.3K followers on her TikTok page @reagankastner. She explained that you can easily tell when a plant requires hydration by using something all of us already have. Reagan explained: "I work with plants for a living and I am here to tell you that you have a magical power to know when any type of plant needs to be watered. Get ready because here is your magical power - your finger." Raegan advises sticking your finger approximately knuckle deep into "any plant" and you should be able to tell whether it needs watering or not. "If you take it out and you see dirt on it don't water," she explained. READ MORE: ‘Natural disinfectant’ removes limescale from shower heads ‘overnight’ However, if you stick your finger in and just a little bit of dry dirt remains, Raegan says its time is time to hydrate your plant. "If you let your plant get completely bone dry it might get sad but when you water this it will bounce back," she said. "If you overwater it, it will not come back. Underwatering is better than overwatering." However, once you've assessed whether or not your plant needs to be watered, you may be confused about how much water is enough to make your plant happy without overdoing it. "Say you've done the finger test and you're like 'okay, I need to water it today', but then you're like, 'wait, how much water do I actually put in the pot?' It's a preference thing," said the plant expert. DON'T MISSInside abandoned Victorian barracks which could be yours for £500k [PICTURES]5 ‘must-have’ low maintenance plants for ‘colourful’ winter gardens [EXPLAINER]‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ [COMMENT] "I like to water until it flows out of the bottom and there is a reason why. Making sure water reaches all of the pot encourages the roots to go searching for that water. "A bigger root system means a bigger plant. It can hurt your plant if you water it too often, but you're not going to hurt it by watering it deeply if you have proper drainage." Adequate drainage is essential for plants as this ensures they are not saturated with water or sat in stagnant water for long periods of time. Plants which are left to sit in water for too long can fall victim to root rot, a common houseplant disease that's usually caused by a bacterial or fungal infection. As the name suggests, it can lead to the plant's roots rotting, ultimately killing your green friend. If you are a beginner plant parent and are looking for a low-maintenance plant to introduce to your home, there are some which require minimal watering compared with other houseplant species. Succulents Succulents are great plants for those who may just be getting to grips with a watering routine, as they can go up to three months without water. This is because they store water in their swollen stems and leaves. They should only be watered once their soil has completely dried out. Pothos Pothos plants are very forgiving and drought-tolerant but should be watered at least every three weeks. The best thing to do is to ensure the soil does not become completely bone dry. Plants often need slightly less water in winter compared with the summer months. Snake plant Snake plants are easy-to-care-for plants that are often recommended for beginners. These plants like to dry out completely between waterings and should not be watered more than once every 10 days. The most common mistake made with these plants is overwatering.