Martin Brundle has already warned of one significant problem with Alfa Romeo’s new 2023 design. The Italian marque ditched its traditional red and white design in favour of a darker red and black layout in a new direction for the team. The car is completed with a gorgeous Italian flag emblazoned on the rear wing with the Alfa Romeo badge in the centre. Sky Sports F1 commentator Brundle praised the rear wing but stressed the new darker scheme would be difficult for fans to spot. Brundle Tweeted: “Love the back of the rear wing. This new low-weight carbon finish is becoming very prevalent in F1, weight limit drops by 2kgs this year and most teams were struggling before. “But this car will be hard to see on TV or trackside on an overcast day.” Alfa Romeo’s darker design comes after the team signed a new deal with gambling firm Stake ahead of the new campaign. READ MORE: F1 fans left confused as images of Alfa Romeo car leak before launch Lewis Hamilton’s former team-mate, Valtteri Bottas, praised the new design after the launch on Tuesday. He said: "I really like our new livery. I think it's stunning, and a fine evolution from last year.” The design is Alfa Romeo’s last in F1 after the Sauber team rebranded back in 2019. The agreement is mainly a sponsorship deal between both sides but Sauber is understood to have received some technological assistance from Alfa Romeo. The squad is then set to become Audi ahead of the new 2026 regulations after the German manufacturer struck a deal to join. 2023 will be a year of change for the team with team boss Frederic Vasseur also departing to take up the post at Ferrari. DON'T MISS Valtteri Bottas opens up on 'eating disorder' and seeking psychologist [INSIGHT]FIA changes key design rule after one incident in 2022 season [ANALYSIS]Bottas left red-faced as he's beaten by Esporter in ROC Nations Cup [COMMENT] McLaren’s Andreas Seidl becomes the new team's CEO with Alessandro Aluni Bravo the team boss. Aluni Bravo added: “Our new car is the result of months of work, but today is just the beginning of a journey. We need to keep working hard, with humility and dedication, to bring performance to the track. Everyone in the team is committed to this target and I am confident we will reap the rewards of our work.” Alfa Romeo's technical director Jan Monchaux is adamant there are still “several updates” to the 2023 design despite the regulations being frozen. He claims the new model will already come with a range of new parts compared to their 2022 machine. However, he adds the new C43 could develop even further with a “steep improvement curve” in place.