Kate, Princess of Wales and Crown Princess Mary of Denmark may be royal style icons in their own right, but they also have a lot in common when it comes to fashion. There have been many occasions where the royals have twinned in the same ensemble, even if it was years apart. Daena Borrowman, PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox told Express.co.uk: "Kate Middleton and Crown Princess Mary of Denmark are near style twins. "These two future Queens have a penchant for coats, drop-waist dresses, strong trousers and classic sky-high heeled pumps. "Since both Kate and Mary share identical features including athletic statures and brunette hair, it is no surprise that they look amazing in similar styles of clothing. "Kate and Mary have even been spotted on different occasions wearing the same style of dress, albeit with differences in colour from Beulah London, Emilia Wickstead, Jenny Packham and many more." READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short'  One of Kate's most iconic looks was the navy Issa dress she wore to announce her engagement to Prince William in 2010. Daniella Helayel, who owned Issa at the time, stated: "We are thrilled with the engagement news and I’m very happy that she has chosen to wear Issa today. She is a very pretty and lovely girl.” The dress had long sleeves, a plunging V-neckline and appeared to be satin. It showed off the then-Duchess' incredible figure, with a knee-length skirt and accentuated waist due to its wrap style. Despite its simple style, there was a lot of dimension to the dress due to its pleated skirt and gathered middle. Elegant as ever, she paired the dress with simple accessories, including black suede pumps and a simple sapphire necklace on a gold chain. She wore her hair in loose curls cascading over her shoulders, and opted for a flawless yet natural makeup look. Kate wowed in dewy foundation, a sweep of blush and pink shimmer lipstick, completing the look with glitter eyeshadow and blue eyeliner. The then Duchess' look was a cultural phenomenon and had an extraordinary "Kate effect", reportedly selling out in just five minutes and being ordered countless times after that. But the Kate effect did not just reach non-royals but a European Princess too, Mary of Denmark. READ MORE: Kate's style choice that Diana wouldn't have gone for - pictures  The Danish royal was spotted wearing an extraordinarily similar dress seven years later in 2017. Speaking at The Global Goals Awards 2017, Crown Princess Mary stepped out in a gorgeous navy dress, with the same skirt, same bracelet-length sleeves, and the same neckline as Kate's Issa dress - not to mention the same colour. However, the European royal decided to make a few style changes. She pinned a colourful brooch on one side of the dress, reminiscent of The Global Goals logo. She also made a change to the waist, wearing a belt to accentuate her tiny middle further. The royal opted for fabulous pointed-toe snakeskin pumps, and like Kate Mary went for a gold necklace. She wore an unusual pair of asymmetric oval earrings, also in gold. Her hair was worn down like Kate's. The Crown Princess tied together the ensemble with a stunning makeup look, complete with flawless foundation, rose lips and dark eyes. Royal fans have taken to Instagram to comment on the likeness between the two Princesses. On a post dedicated to the style similarities between the two, @lindarijel commented: "Future Queens looking the part!" @wresinskiangie added: "Love these ladies!"