With drivers battling the ongoing cost of living crisis, many are making use of popular fuel-saving tips and hypermiling methods. One popular place to look for fuel-saving tips is TikTok, with the #fuelhack trend attracting almost eight million views. Experts are warning drivers about one hack in particular, which could waste fuel and could actually be costing them more. The widely adopted method involves people shaking the fuel pump into their tank after filling up to make use of every last drop. Drivers hope that by shaking the nozzle, the remaining excess fuel will be released without any additional charge. David James, fuel card expert and Sales Director at Right Fuel Card, revealed the truth about the common nozzle hack. READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge £1,000 fines when celebrating Valentine's Day He said: “Pumps are able to detect air pressure and will stop when they can sense that the tank is full. “Any fuel pump after that point will likely end up on the ground through an overflow tube. “So those few extra clicks will likely just be costing you a few extra pennies for nothing." David urged motorists to use other fuel hacks to help them save money when buying petrol or diesel as prices begin to stagnate again. DON'T MISS'Very cross' driver slapped with parking fine over broken meter [WARNING]Driver surprised to find hidden compartment in car door [SHOCKING]UK drivers warned of massive costs for driving in France [IMPORTANT] According to RAC Fuel Watch, petrol is now selling for an average of 148.74p per litre, while diesel remains more than 20p more expensive at £1.69. Drivers should always check if their local supermarket is running any deals that can be used on the fuel, such as points or vouchers. If so, drivers can get their shopping done first, allowing them to potentially get more money off at the pumps. Similarly, deals may be achieved through bank accounts, with different providers offering certain rewards or benefits. READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge £1,000 fines when celebrating Valentine's Day As well as getting an incentive for switching their bank accounts, people can often get cashback for fuel purchases too. When possible, Britons should opt to fill up their tanks earlier as temperatures tend to be lower in the morning. Fuel expands in warmer weather meaning drivers can get more for their money given that the warmer the weather, the less fuel their tank will be able to hold. Mr James also suggested making use of the internet to find the cheapest fuel, saying: “Sometimes the most convenient petrol stations are not necessarily the best priced. “Before embarking on your journey, use a fuel comparison site to help you find the cheapest fuel in your area. “You can even filter the search further and only  reveal the best options for the type of fuel that your vehicle consumes.” Drivers should also try to prevent their tanks from regularly becoming too low or running dry. This will likely cause bigger and more expensive problems with their engine in the long run.