Richard E Grant was tasked with hosting the BAFTAs this year while co-host Alison Hammond took a spot backstage to speak with this year’s winners. Richard kept things running as smoothly as they could on stage but struggled when it came to remembering those from the film community who’d passed away over the past 12 months. “Tonight is a celebration of film in all its mad, sad, funny, frightening, and thought-provoking forms,” Richard said ahead of the in-memoriam segment. He continued; “Let’s take this opportunity to pay tribute to those members of the global film community that we sadly lost…” Richard paused as he took a breath to try and regain his composure before he added: “Over the last 12 months.” He once more need a moment before he continued: “Sorry, their impact lives on in film. Let’s take a moment to remember them now.” READ MORE: BAFTA chaos as wrong Supporting Actress declared award winner The compilation then played out on-screen, paying tribute to the likes of Angela Lansbury, James Caan, Ray Liotta and many more. Richard’s emotional reaction left barely a dry eye in the audience and also plucked the heartstrings of BBC viewers at home. Twitter user @michellecusick reacted to his speech: “Oh my heart... “#richardegrant presenting the 'In Memoriam' segment of the #BAFTAs. Love you, Richard,” followed by a love heart emoji. Elsewhere, @AndrewJazzie commented: “Richard E Grant introducing the ‘In Memoriam’ section of tonight’s broadcast #BAFTA2023,” followed by a broken heart emoji. Teena Massam also sympathized: “Aww Richard E. Grant, bless him.. #BAFTAs,” followed by a crying emoji. While Roz Laws recognized how tough it must have been for Richard following the death of his wife Joan Washington in 2021. They tweeted: “That was a great speech, you don't have to be funny, just sincere. But so hard for Richard to introduce this segment after losing his wife. #BAFTAs.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends' Meghan Crumpler fiance rushed to ‘urgent care’Shania Twain distracts Starstruck fans as they question appearanceBBC viewers 'switch off' minutes into BAFTA ceremony And @FlopsyPickle also considered this as they penned: “Aw Richard, his love for his wife and the words he wrote about her after her death were so beautiful. #BAFTAs.” (sic) Richard’s wife Joan died in September 2021 following a battle with lung cancer. The two were married for 35 years and Richard has spoken openly about his struggle with grief following her death. Back in December on what would’ve been Joan’s birthday, Richard took to social media to admit he missed her “more than is measurable”.   He tweeted: “Taken on her last ever birthday, 21st December – my beloved late wife Joan. “Her bravery, fortitude, resistance and acceptance of her diagnosis, are an inexhaustible inspiration. “I miss her more than is measurable.” The BAFTAs are available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.