Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are "too toxic" to be associated with in public, a royal expert has claimed. The royal couple's absence from Oprah's birthday party last week has led to speculation over how they are viewed by Hollywood A-listers, such as Oprah. TalkTV's royal editor Sarah Hewson has raised questions as to whether the couple could be deemed "too toxic" to be seen with other high-profile people in public. Speaking on Sky News Australia, Ms Hewson said: "It was thought that they had a big cohort of celebrities supporting around them." Noting Oprah as "one of the greatest champions" of Meghan and Harry, Ms Hewson said: "It might have been expected the Duchess of Sussex at least would been invited alongside these influential women in the entertainment industry. "She [Meghan] wasn't there and that has raised questions." READ MORE: Six clues Prince Harry will attend King Charles's Coronation Ms Hewson added: "Whether this pair is [because they are] seen as too toxic, too negative to be associated with, in the public eye at least." She concluded: "Prehaps behind closed doors, celebrities are still waiting to associate themselves with them." Guests at the star-studded birthday event included Kim Kardashian and Jennifer Lopez. Some of the stars in attendance shared photos from the night on their social media platforms. The speculated snub comes two years after the couple's famous bombshell televised interview with the TV personality. READ MORE: King Charles offers President Zelensky key gesture with 'meeting of minds' at Palace today In March 2021, Meghan and Harry sat down for one of their most controversial interviews to date. In the interview, Meghan even opened up about claims that an unnamed member of the Royal Family, known to not have been the late Queen or Prince Philip, expressed their concerns over the skin colour of then-unborn son Archie. Despite their notable absence, the couple were present at Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi's vow renewal, with clips to confirm their attendance surfacing on Ellen's YouTube channel. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's appearance at Ellen and Portia's event marks their first since Harry's book was released last month. Despite his televised interviews to accompany the release, Harry has kept a low public profile. The book, titled Spare, was released on January 10 and was the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK.