Real Madrid will be without midfield pair Toni Kroos and Aurelien Tchouameni for their Champions League clash with Liverpool this week. It is a major boost for Jurgen Klopp's side, who are seeing an improvement in form. Madrid have released their 23-man squad list for the game, and it excludes Kroos and Tchouameni. Both players have been integral for boss Carlo Ancelotti this season and will be a major miss for the visit to Anfield on Tuesday. Veteran playmaker Kroos has made 30 appearances across all competitions this season. But the German has missed the last two La Liga fixtures with an abdominal injury and appears to have not won his race to be fit to face the Premier League side, in what is a repeat of last May's final. Meanwhile, Tchouameni has been a regular fixture in Los Blancos' midfield since the Spanish giants beat Liverpool to his £100million signing last summer. The Frenchman missed Saturday's win over Osasuna with the flu and has not been selected to travel to England. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Gary Neville shares major fears over the Glazers staying "We are doing well. We go into the game at Anfield in good shape and with all the confidence in the world. Tchouameni had stomach problems. Karim I think will be fine for that game and Kroos is back in training," Ancelotti told reporters after the win over Osasuna. Liverpool have had an underwhelming season after competing in every possible fixture last term. They ended that campaign with a 1-0 defeat by Real in the Champions League final. But the Reds have enjoyed a recent upturn in form and were excellent in their 2-0 victory over Newcastle on Saturday. It came after a Merseyside derby victory over rivals Everton by the same scoreline. In the first half of the season, the Champions League offered a welcome respite to Klopp's side amid their poor Premier League form. The Anfield outfit comfortably finished runners-up in Group A, winning five of their six matches against Napoli, Ajax and Rangers. DON'T MISS...Liverpool's Champions League revenge mission has deep meaning for duoLiverpool owners FSG set for £196m transfer ultimatum vs Real MadridLiverpool 'eye up free deal' for Adrien Rabiot to solve midfield woes Liverpool looked more like their former selves in their win at Newcastle. The triumph was secured thanks to goals from Darwin Nunez and January signing Cody Gakpo, who now has two goals in as many games after what seemed like a difficult start to life in England for the former PSV star. Madrid have also suffered an underwhelming season, and sit eight points behind rivals Barcelona in La Liga. Liverpool boss Klopp is confident ahead of the first leg, describing the win over Newcastle as: “Massive, 100 per-cent. It explains a little bit the issues we have in the games where we can’t control it better. It’s so long ago we were in a situation like that. “It’s unfortunate that football is not like cycling, always exactly on the same level. It’s different. The only way you can get back on track is by winning. We’ve now done it twice in a row and that feels absolutely incredible.”