A 3.8-magnitude earthquake shook south Wales just before midnight. The European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre confirmed the significant size of the quake, adding that it struck at 11:59pm last night. The rare earthquake struck eight miles north of the Rhondda Valley at a depth of around 2km. Volcanodiscovery.com said that the earthquake strike was "very shallow," adding: "Shallow earthquakes are felt more strongly than deeper ones as they are closer to the surface." Tremors were felt in Cardiff, Merthyr Tydfil, Pontypridd, and Abertillery - and as far away as Birmingham and other parts of the Midlands. An earthquake aftershock alert was even received in Newcastle Many concerned locals reported that their whole house was "shaking for about five seconds". JUST IN: Police swarm to Birmingham street over shooting  British Geological Survey has not yet issued any information on the earthquake, while Google's Android Earthquake Alerts System said the tremor was 4.2 magnitude. Many caught up in the quake took to social media to report the event, with several people confused about what was happening. Some residents in south Wales reported furniture moving while others thought it felt like a car crash. Others reported being woken by the rumbles. Posting on Facebook, Kath Cartwright in Newbridge said: "The bedroom wall was shaking. "I had the light on so saw it plain as day. The whole house shook! A scary moment! Frightened the life out of me." Jason Humphrys added: "I heard a loud bang that sounded like a bomb just went off. "Then my entire kitchen shook. My cat was frightened. It was weird... it only lasted seconds, but it left an impact."  DON'T MISS: POLL - Who should be the next SNP leader? [POLL]If we appease Putin's madness this thing becomes a World War [COMMENT]Russian MP mocks Putin speech wearing noodles on his ears [VIDEO] One person in Fochriw, Ann Keating, even reported that her parrot fell off its perch during the tremors. Twitter user @Loz_Coult94 said: "Thought someone was breaking into my house, no... just an earthquake IN WALES!?" @walkingthebread tweeted: "We can confirm the walls of our house shook in the 4.2 earthquake just after midnight in S wales. Felt like a car had driven into our house."  The earthquakes comes just 18 hours after a 1.5-magnitude earthquake hit Cornwall, which woke up locals who felt a "rumble" and houses "shake".