Martin Lewis Money Show viewers last night heard the story of a woman who paid in just £1,000 to top up her state pension with voluntary National Insurance contributions but is now set to receive more than ten times this figure via future state pension payments. People who are missing National Insurance contributions towards their state pension can volunteer to pay contributions to boost their payments. Viewers Martin and Sheila decided to see if they were missing any National Insurance (NI) contributions. Martin called the Future Pension Centre and they confirmed Sheila was missing contributions across three years. For one year she was £190 short, and by paying this amount she could boost her state pension by £275 a year. She was also short by £800 for a second year and by paying this amount they could boost her payments by another £275 a year. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised' There was another £800 they could pay to top up to the full contributions for the third year but this would only result in a 34p a week increase in payments, so they decided not to do this. Martin said that as a woman typically lives for 21 years beyond the state pension age, if Sheila lives this long she will get an additional £11,500 in payments thanks to the £990 top up. Martin said: “Martin’s [Lewis] advice during that show was absolutely spot on. "I would have probably just gone ahead and paid the full three years, which would have been a little bit of a waste of money.” DON'T MISSHMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [INSIGHT]TSB announces full list of 2023 bank closures [LATEST]Pension warning as Britons ‘need £37,300’ for ‘comfortable’ retirement [ANALYSIS] Mr Lewis encourages those aged 45 to 70 to check if they can top up their state pension as this can boost payments over several years, providing a return on the payment. A person can check if there are any gaps in their NI record using the state pension forecast tool on the Government website. The tool will also tell a person if they can voluntarily top up their contributions to go towards their state pension. A person typically needs 30 years of contributions to get the full basic state pension, which is currently £141.85 a week. READ MORE: Savings account 'to pay double inflation’ turning £10k into £12,462 Those on track to receive the new state pension typically need 35 years of contributions to get the full weekly payment, of £185.15 a week. State pension payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April, with the full basic state pension increasing to £156.20 a week and the full new state pension going up to £203.85 a week. It’s worth checking now if a person can top up their NI contributions as there is a brief window when people can top up their contributions further back than usual. Normally a person can top up their contributions up to six years ago but this has been extended by another 10 years, with people able to pay contributions to cover any gaps in their record as far back as 2006. People have just weeks to take advantage of this as this only lasts until the end of the tax year, after which people can only top up as far back as the usual six years. Mr Lewis also encouraged state pensioners to check if they are eligible for Pension Credit, which can boost a person’s income by up to £3,500 a year. The benefit tops up a person’s weekly income to £182.60 a week for single claimants and up to £278.70 for couples. Pension Credit is also increasing by 10.1 percent in April, with the weekly top up for singles increasing to £201.05 a week while the couples top up will increase to £306.85 a week.