Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag must decide whether to hand Marcel Sabitzer a Red Devils debut from the start of Saturday’s Premier League clash with Crystal Palace. Sabitzer has been signed on loan from Bayern Munich to replace the injured Christian Eriksen, and will likely feature against the Eagles. Express Sport picks a potential United team for the clash... Goalkeeper: David de Gea David de Gea was afforded a rare rest in the midweek EFL Cup semi-final win over Nottingham Forest. Tom Heaton deputised for the Spaniard but the second-choice shot-stopper will return to the bench. On-loan Palace star Jack Butland is ineligible against his parent club. Defenders: Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez, Luke Shaw Aaron Wan-Bissaka has enjoyed a resurgence of late, and his good form persuaded Ten Hag to keep the right-back amid interest from former club Palace, in addition to Wolves and Aston Villa. He will surely start against the Eagles with Diogo Dalot still nursing an injury. Raphael Varane came off with 10 minutes remaining in the win over Forest but is not believed to be injured. The Frenchman announced his international retirement this week aged just 29, in a move that could prolong his club career. Ten Hag will surely keep his preferred back four intact, although might be tempted to hand Tyrell Malacia a start at left-back. Lisandro Martinez will continue at centre-back alongside Varane. JUST IN: Man Utd warned Harry Kane has two other 'perfect' transfer options Midfielders: Marcel Sabitzer, Casemiro, Bruno Fernandes Ten Hag’s biggest decision comes in midfield. Having seen Christian Eriksen ruled out for several months with an ankle injury, the Red Devils moved quickly to secure Marcel Sabitzer on loan from Bayern Munich. The United boss revealed that the new signing is ready to make his debut at Old Trafford. Asked of Sabitzer’s condition, Ten Hag said: “Very good. He has only had one session, but you can see he’s a very fit player. “Coming from Bayern Munich, I didn’t expect anything different in Germany, their players are always good. He’s ready to play.” Sabitzer could go straight into midfield alongside Casemiro and Bruno Fernandes. Ten Hag’s alternatives are Fred and Scott McTominay. DON'T MISS...Lionel Messi 'delays PSG meetings' in fresh contract twist as Mbappe 'thwarting'Man Utd board activated 'emergency protocol' with 10 transfer targetsMan Utd's Mason Greenwood 'was valued at £134m' before his arrest Forwards: Antony, Wout Weghorst, Marcus Rashford Alejandro Garnacho impressed against Forest and could be in line for a rare Premier League start. As too could Anthony Martial, who came off the bench to score the opening goal in the 2-0 triumph. But Ten Hag seems to favour a front three of the ever-improving Antony, loanee Wout Weghorst, and the in-form Marcus Rashford. The 1-1 draw with Palace last month is the only time in his last six top-flight outings that Rashford has failed to score. FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!