 Margot Robbie, 32, catapulted to stardom as the raunchy Naomi Lapaglia in The Wolf of Wall Street in 2013. While fans fell in love with Margot’s sultry and passionate performance, the actress revealed that the sex scenes in particular were the furthest thing from romance she could imagine.   Margot appeared on the global big screen for the first time alongside acting veteran Leonardo DiCaprio, 48. The pair had undeniable on-screen chemistry, but the Australian actress recalled one of her most embarrassing bloopers that happened while she was filming with him. Although Leonardo currently holds the title of Sexiest Actor Alive according to Glamour, Margot said her intimate scenes with him were the “least romantic thing to shoot". She shared one particular example on chat show The Talk, stopping to note that she wasn’t sure if Leonardo “wants me telling this story”, before continuing. READ MORE: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers after show debut as Our Yorkshire Farm left crumbling  Margot shared: “We'd just finished this scene and Leo always carries an e-cigarette with him, like all the time. “So he hid it under a pillow while we were shooting. "Afterwards he's like, 'Where is it? Where did I put it? I had it right here.' “I was looking around with him - both still sitting in this bed - and then I went, 'Oh, um, it's literally, like, in my butt crack. I'm sitting on it. I am so sorry.’   "He probably threw it away. It was so embarrassing.” The actress jokingly concluded: “Sex scenes are super sexy." Despite only being 22 at the time, Margot fearlessly took on the scandalous role which also involved being completely nude for her character’s first entrance. Surprisingly, this was the actress’ suggestion as director Martin Scorsese originally planned to have a far more PG introduction.  Speaking to The Telegraph in 2014, Margot explained that Martin wanted her to have a robe on for the scene, but she refused, claiming that it was not something her character would do. She said: “The whole point of Naomi is that her body is her only form of currency in this world. "So when Marty was trying to help me out, and said in the scene where she seduces Jordan, perhaps I could have a robe on, I said she wouldn't. She has to be naked. “She's laying her cards on the table."  The actress explained that in the world of film she doesn’t support “nudity for the sake of nudity”, branding it “shameful”, but added that the opposite frustrates her just as much. She continued: “If they've put it in just so that a girl gets her top off, then that's disgusting. “But I also think it's disgusting when someone would have got naked in real life, but in the film they conveniently leave their bra on, or hold up the bed sheet." However, this doesn’t mean the actress fearlessly marched on set nude for the scene - as she did have some fears - but she praised the crew's “professionalism” for putting her mind a bit more at ease. She added: “It's not new to anyone on a film set, so for me it was intimidating, but for everyone else it was just another day at the office."