Jose Mourinho has already suggested he would be open to a third spell as Chelsea manager as the pressure builds on current boss Graham Potter, with fans furious with the ex-Brighton man. The 60-year-old has been tipped as a possible replacement for the underfire Englishman with an increasing number of supporters calling for his head. Potter has only been Chelsea boss for five months since replacing Thomas Tuchel in September. However, recent performances have been below par, taking just three wins in the last 17 matches. The Blues currently languish in tenth in the Premier League, a position made all the more galling after spending more than £500million over the last two transfer windows. While the Chelsea board have been keen to stress that they have no intentions of sacking the manager as they keep faith in the long-term project, the view is not shared by many supporters. There was a chorus of boos following the 1-0 defeat to Southampton while fans took to social media to voice their displeasure. Mourinho has been tipped as a possible replacement should Todd Boehly finally lose patience with Potter and the Roma boss has already made his thoughts on managing the club for a third time clear. The Portuguese coach has strongly suggested he would be open to a return, pointing out that he still owns a property near Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd "If you ask me do I have somebody that I would love to take over from 'my Chelsea' let's say that, yes, that I have but I close my mouth,” he told Sky Sports last month. “The club reached such a level that it doesn't matter who it is with, but Chelsea will always be Chelsea. Chelsea will always be big and my house will always be 200 metres away from the stadium so I want to keep listening to the sound of happiness and success. I'm pretty sure it's going to be like that."  It was BeIN Sport presenter Richard Keys who initially suggested Mourinho should be given another spell in charge with the move likely to be popular with supporters. "Jose Mourinho is a former Chelsea manager who is enormously popular with the crowd, he's the most successful individual the club have ever employed,” Keys said. “He's a populist, Boehly, he wants to give them something to get excited about. "The experiment with Potter has failed miserably, so that's got to change. [If I'm Boehly], what do I need to do now? I need the get-out-of-jail-free card: Mourinho."