As the hit BBC show Dragons’ Den has returned for its 20th series, many viewers may be wondering have any of the ingenious and inventive ideas from the reality television program have ever been a success story. Brother duo Charlie and Harry entered into the Den in 2016 looking for a £60,000 investment for a seven percent equity stake in their business, Oppo Ice-cream. They were told their low-calorie and "guilt-free" ice creams, which have fewer calories than a large apple, were too risky an investment. Nick Jenkins highlighted the difficulties of breaking into the food sector and admitted that the investment was "too risky" for him. He said: “The reward doesn’t justify the risk.” Despite walking away empty-handed, the pair have since created a million pound brand that sells across the world. READ MORE: PIP: 10 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month from DWP A successful crowdfunding campaign then saw Oppo become the fastest food and drink company to reach their equity crowdfunding target in 2015, which was about £100 in about one minute. They went above their target in the end, raising £300,000 on Seedrs. They did another round a year later and Andy Murray invested in the product. The owners of Capri-Sun eventually bought out all the crowdfunded shareholders, and now they are the majority shareholders of the business, Harry explained. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,600 in April but rise may mean 500,000 in retirement now pay tax During the pitch, Harry remembered that Touker Suleyman said they "looked like a pair of estate agents" because they came dressed in smart suits, when in retrospect he admits they "should have put on our Oppo branded jumpers or something a bit more ice creamy". Harry told The Mirror: "They [the Dragons] said they really liked the product and said it tasted great but it was just too much of a risk. “They just get hung up on the numbers, saying you can’t grow that much that fast. "In the end they just said it’s too much of a risk as Deborah Meadon had actually invested in an ice cream company before and they aren't around anymore. She said, 'I'm out' because of that. For the others, it was just too high a risk." In the episode, the feedback about the product was largely positive, although Dragon Sarah Willingham highlighted concerns about the aftertaste, which was a "deal breaker". After the show aired, Oppo ice cream went on to triple their value to an estimated £85.7million - and have no regrets about going on the show. Harry said: "What it did do was triple our sales overnight. It was February, not even ice cream season. "It really gave us a great boost of awareness and people were buying us in Waitrose. I think we were the sixth most searched-for term on Google UK for a short period of time after it aired which was very positive. "I don’t regret going on there at all. I think it's the most nervous I've ever been but it was worth it. It was a good experience, but it's definitely a show that is packaged for entertainment above actual business. "We got massive amounts of exposure. Don't get me wrong, it would have been great to get an offer. But we're still here, many years later and have grown a lot." Dragons' Den is available on BBC iPlayer.