Sean Rigby has been part of ITV’s Inspector Morse prequel series since 2012 with the actor portraying Jim Strange. Season nine of Endeavour starts tomorrow (February 26) on ITV1 at 8pm. The two-hour film is called Prelude and sees the series picking up in the early 1970s with Endeavour Morse (played by Shaun Evans) returning to Oxford following a break due to his drinking problems and reuniting with his colleague Fred Thursday (Roger Allam). Sean was born on August, 15 1989 in Preston, Lancashire and is currently 33-years-old. He trained at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art and graduated in 2012. Sean was sent the part of Strange by a fellow actor friend, who felt he might be suited for the part in Endeavour. The actor initially wasn’t sure about going for the role due to his age but then took a chance and went for the audition. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson But on the way to read for the role, Sean got lost and only made it in the nick of time with the actor admitting he fluffed his lines due to nerves. He thought he wouldn’t get the part and dismissed the audition as a write-off but was then surprised when he got a callback from the casting directors later on. Sean even auditioned for the role of DC Gray in the Inspector Morse spin-off series Lewis only to find out he’d landed Endeavour and couldn’t do the other show. The role of Strange was originally played by James Grout in the Inspector Morse series and actor Sean said he’d tried to incorporate the actor’s voice into his own performance. The actor’s role in Endeavour is his most prominent part to date with the star appearing in a total of 32 episodes to date. Some of his other parts have included the BBC series Gunpowder, The Baby Shower, Isabella and Crossing Seas. Sean stunned Endeavour fans in 2021 after he reportedly shed 87lb (39.4kg), according to Lifestyle UG, resulting in a dramatic transformation. His character last appeared in the season eight finale as he assisted Endeavour and Thursday in a troubling case involving a homicidal syndicate and a local asylum in Terminus. Previously speaking about his character, Sean said: “Whereas Strange very much enjoys his job and his work, I do believe it stops at the door. A very active social life, lots of friends and going down the Mason’s Lodge.” He added in the ITV video from 2017: “But not for Endeavour because I don’t believe he has anything else.” Sean said the cast and crew would return year on year to make the show feel like a “community” and being “part of a family”. Season nine is going to be a big one for Sean’s character with Strange engaged to marry Joan Thursday (Sara Vickers) despite Endeavour’s feelings for her. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [SPOILERS]Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [VIDEO]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [THEORY] Addressing the end of the Endeavour and Joan’s romance, the show’s lead and director Shaun said: “Joan and Endeavour…there is a hopefulness and optimism to Endeavour when he returns to Oxford at the start of this final series. “It’s that thing in life, which I hope we’ve captured across the series, of you think things are going to go on forever. But they don’t. That’s also reflected in this job. “It’s easy to think things go on and on and on. But they don’t. Things end. Relationships end. Jobs end. Life ends. “So when we come back and meet Endeavour at the beginning of this series there’s a scene where he reaches out to Joan. “And as he is reaching out in what is new territory for him he realises it is too late. That ship has sailed.” Endeavour airs on ITV1 tomorrow at 8pm