Jake Paul has promised retired boxer Carl Froch that he will fight him if he beats Anderson Silva on the undercard of his showdown with Tommy Fury. Youtuber-turned-prizefighter Paul is ready to end his bitter two-year long feud with fierce rival Fury in Saudi Arabia next weekend. Scheduled fights have twice collapsed between the two social media stars, but Fury has already arrived in the Gulf State for the highly-anticipated catchweight duel in Riyadh on February 26 that now looks guaranteed to finally go ahead. Paul is undefeated with a 6-0 record in his fledgling boxing career and beat UFC legend Silva on points in October. But former super middleweight champion Froch has not been impressed with Paul’s boxing credentials, and his recent stinging words have prompted the internet sensation to lay the gauntlet down ahead of a possible fight. ‘The Problem Child’ has told Froch that he can fight him in a ‘career high pay day’ if he could replicate his own victory over Brazilian MMA veteran Silva on his upcoming fight card.  "Carl Froch mad because I made more in one year than he made his whole career,” Paul tweeted on Sunday. “You want the payday. I get it. So let’s do this, fight Anderson Silva on my next card and if you get lucky and beat him, then we can step in the ring and you make your career payday. Let me know." ‘The Cobra’ Froch retired with “nothing left to prove” in 2015 but ridiculed Paul this week as he explained how he would make light work of a contest with the popular 26-year-old. Froch, 45, claimed that he would require minimal training to teach Paul a lesson in the squared circle.  MORE BOXING NEWS...Fury's dad sends sinister warning to Wilder as fourth fight bashedRiakporhe explains what sparked clash with Okolie at Creed premiereJake Paul vs Tommy Fury details including undercard, live stream, time "If a fight with Jake Paul genuinely transpired and he thought to himself, 'Yeah I'll take Froch on', which he never-ever would because it would be ridiculous," Froch told iFL TV. "I might be 45 years old but any retired professional world champion that keeps themselves in good shape would have absolutely no problem playing with Jake Paul. "It would be like a mismatch. You'd probably have to train a little bit, just to get the lungs and heart filled up with a bit of air. Get yourself so you can do at least two minutes of one round. "You don't have to worry about doing two or three rounds, but you do need to be able to throw at least 10 punches. So yeah I'll get myself in the 10-punch state but it ain't going to happen."