Camilla, Queen Consort has chosen renowned fashion designer Bruce Oldfield for her Coronation gown, after the pair became "firm friends". Mr Oldfield was also known to be a favourite of Princess Diana, designing many of the fashion icon's dresses from the 1980s. The fashion designer, 72, has refused to confirm his selection, answering any questions with "what can I say?" However, an insider told The Sun: "Camilla has a very close friendship with Bruce spanning many years so in many ways it is the natural and obvious choice. "Camilla trusts Bruce because he has really delivered on dresses for so many important occasions recently for her." The designer enjoyed a ten-year friendship with the late Princess of Wales and dressed her for many glamourous occasions, calling her his "perfect client".  He said: "When I look back, it was relentless for her. We did dress her up like she was going to a wedding every day." Mr Oldfield began making couture clothes in 1978 before opening his first shop in 1984. He was awarded an OBE in 1990 and has been dressing the new Queen Consort for many events over the past decade. READ MORE: Royal Family went against age-old mantra to show support for Ukraine She was praised for her pale turquoise gown with lace he made for her for a tour of Sri Lanka in 2013. In 2015 she wore a dazzling silver number at the State Opening of Parliament, while other gorgeous outfits included ones for Royal Ascot in 2021 and the James Bond premiere No Time To Die two years ago. He said: "I gave Diana her glamour and Camilla her confidence." DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home [LATEST]Harry and William compared to feuding Oasis brothers by Boy George [REVEAL]Harry won't have liked being accused of 'boasting' of Taliban kills [INSIGHT] It was revealed earlier this month that Camilla would wear Queen Mary's crown for the Coronation in May, in a move to "upcycle" the jewels. She will remove the controversial Koh-i-Noor diamond, which many other countries including India claim ownership of. The crown will also be tweaked with the addition of some of the late Queen's diamonds in a touching tribute. It is thought Charles will abandon centuries of tradition and wear a military uniform instead of britches and silk stockings.