The future of their relationship has never been certain as Suki (played by Balvinder Sopal) and Eve (Heather Peace) have always shared a secret love for one another. Their potential future together was halted when Suki rejected Eve's advances and agreed to a marriage blessing to her husband Nish (Navin Chowdhry). After noticing Suki's behaviour changing after Nish arrived, Eve began to become worried, and official EastEnders spoilers reveal that Eve could soon speak up about her feelings. In upcoming scenes, due to a change in schedule, Nish tells Suki that their marriage blessing ceremony has been brought forward to Thursday. Debating on whether she wants to marry him, Suki tries to stall, insisting that it’s too short notice, but Nish pushes forward by rearranging the day. Later, the tap in the Panesar home breaks and Suki is forced to call Mitch for help to fix it before Nish finds out. Mitch and Suki confide about the stresses of family life, and a softened Suki offers Mitch a permanent job as a handyman for their tenants. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal As Mitch leaves No.41, Nish notices him leaving the house and watches on in a jealous rage from across the square. Stacey and Eve recently had to shut down their bap van, but with the help of a loan, they are able to re-open and raise much-needed cash. Whilst Eve is working in the van, Nish approaches her and asks if she can help Suki and pick up her wedding outfit. Willing to help out Suki and her love for her, she obliges which leads to chaos as Stacey is left to serve their customers single-handedly. Furious, Stacey and Eve have an argument, leaving an enraged Stacey to head to the Minute Mart and threatens to reveal all if Suki doesn’t start treating Eve with respect. Later, Nish invites Honey to their marriage blessing but leaves her and Suki feeling awkward as the pair share an intimate past. Elsewhere in The Vic, a jealous Nish makes an ominous call to Ravi after Mitch accidentally reveals he has been helping Suki with their tenants. Wanting to show off that he is marrying Suki, Nish invites Eve and the rest of the Slater gang to the marriage blessing ceremony which leaves Eve unsure of what to do. DON'T MISS...BAFTA chaos as wrong Supporting Actress declared award winner  [LATEST]Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show [INSIGHT]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [WATCH] At Walford East, Suki overhears Nish and Ravi talking about Mitch, and the pair erupt into a furious row. Suki nervously reassures Nish that he is the only man for her, afraid of the consequences if she doesn't make him feel like the only one she wants. Later in the week, Eve arrives at the Panesar’s in a last attempt to win over Suk but ends up having a blazing row with one another. Their words are cut short when they hear the front door slam but who was it and what did they hear? Has Nish heard their conversation and realised that his wife-to-be doesn't want to be with him? If Nish heard their conversation, will he expose Suki during their wedding ceremony as a form of revenge? On the day of the marriage blessing, Suki is paranoid about who was eavesdropping on her conversation with Eve. Eve struggles to deal with her feelings and attends the marriage blessing much to Suki’s horror. Will Eve make a scene and be the one to expose their secret love for one another? EastEnders airs weekdays from 7:30pm on BBC One.