Tiger Woods faces an anxious wait to discover whether he's made it through to the weekend after a disappointing end to his second round at the Genesis Invitational. The 15-time major champion was making his comeback to the PGA Tour after taking several months out to recover. All eyes were on him for his first round on Thursday to see where his level of play was at while being grouped with good friends Rory McIlroy and Justin Thomas. Speaking in his pre-tournament press conference, Woods admitted that he was there to win. That bullish mood was soon backed up off the tee on Thursday with Woods even outdriving both McIlroy and Thomas on occasions. His short game was just as good as well with Woods rolling back the years at the end of Thursday's round with three consecutive birdies. The next test for Woods was to see whether his body would hold up with a quick turnaround from a late tee time on Thursday to an early start on Friday. And he looked like he was struggling somewhat to find his rhythm in the first few holes, moving to two-over for the day through four.  Woods managed to claw back to even par through the next four as he started to pick up some momentum and came agonisingly close to his first hole-in-one on the PGA Tour on the 14th hole. His driving and iron play was looking in top form for most of his round, but it soon let him down in the final few holes. He began missing fairways and failed to hit greens in regulation, leaving him with too much to do with the putter. A bogey on the ninth left Woods one-over for the tournament, giving him an anxious wait to find out whether he makes the cut for the weekend.  The cut line sees the top 6 players plus ties make it through to the weekend after 36 holes. The projected cut line at the end of Woods' round was even par with the American tied for 68th. But Data Golf have predicted that to drop with several players also finding the Riviera course difficult to navigate. The afternoon tee times have only just got underway with Woods now having to wait to find out whether he will tee up once again on Saturday and Sunday.