Liverpool have reportedly suspended a planned board meeting with their Real Madrid counterparts ahead of Tuesday's Champions League clash at Anfield. The decision follows the sad passing of Spanish football legend Amancio Amaro, who Real announced had died aged 83 on Tuesday morning. Jurgen Klopp and Carlo Ancelotti's sides meet again in Europe's premier competition, but there has been a change of plan among hierarchies. According to El Chiringuito, the Reds decided to call off the meeting after learning that Amaro had passed away. Los Blancos chiefs are said to appreciate Liverpool's decision to suspend their get-together on Merseyside. Club president Florentino Perez and director Emilio Butragueno will not be present for the mouth-watering last-16 tie between last season's finalists. Amaro is a bonafide Real legend, playing for the La Liga giants from 1962 to 1976, winning nine league titles, three Spanish Cups and the club's sixth European Cup. JUST IN: Jorginho opens up on reasons why he ditched Chelsea for Arsenal He scored 155 goals in 471 appearances after joining from Deportivo La Coruna and became an honorary club president last October. The Spaniard was recognised as one of the world's best wingers, showcasing pace and an unstoppable dribbling ability with a knack for scoring crucial goals. Amaro was the then-Primera Division's top goalscorer on two different occasions in 1969 and 1970 He also helped Spain win the first edition of the European Championship in 1964, coming third in the Ballon d'Or that same year. After his playing days, he became a coach in the Spanish capital and won the Second Division title with Real Madrid Castilla in 1984 - a feat no other reserve team has matched since. DON'T MISS Man Utd dressing room's private reaction to Jadon Sancho treatmentSerena Williams, Hamilton and Rashford glam up for London Fashion WeekGary Neville admits he 'can't get head' around Guardiola decision Amaro became a first-team coach the following season, helping develop one of Real's greatest generations of players, 'La Quinta del Buitre'. His legacy in his homeland was cemented when he was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Order of Sporting Merit for his contribution to Spanish sport. And his honorary presidency came about on October 2, 2022, when he was unanimously elected at the Extraordinary General Assembly. It's unknown whether Amaro will be commemorated at Anfield on Tuesday, but his life will no doubt be celebrated at the Bernabeu in the coming weeks. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here