Arsenal new boy Jorginho was given a warm welcome by new team-mates Oleksandr Zinchenko, Bukayo Saka and Martin Odegaard on his first day at the club. The midfielder was signed from London rivals Chelsea in a £12million deal and is now settling into life with the Premier League leaders. Wide-ranging reports on deadline day suggested that Arsenal’s squad were excited by the arrival of the Italy international. Jorginho’s personality is likely to make him a popular member of the dressing room, while he will also add strength to Mikel Arteta’s squad. And his popularity already appears apparent after a video of team-mates greeting their new signing was shared by Arsenal. Zinchenko, Saka and Odegaard can all be seen embracing Jorginho. The former Napoli star is first greeted at a door by Zinchenko, who is himself a recent arrival, joining from Manchester City in the summer. As Jorginho walks past, the Ukrainian can be heard shouting: “Vamos, vamos, vamos!” JUST IN: Kylian Mbappe trolled by Arsenal fans after missing open goal In a separate clip, club captain Odegaard and winger Saka can be seen greeting Jorginho. Odegaard asks: “How are you? You okay?” Jorginho responds: “Yeah I’m good, man.” The 31-year-old then high-fives and hugs the pair before they walk on. Arsenal have signed Jorginho to add experience to their squad in the second half of the season. He explained that Mikel Arteta was a big reason for him making the move from Stamford Bridge. Arteta was assistant at Man City when Pep Guardiola tried to sgn Jorginho in 2018. Jorginho said: “He was a big influence because I know that he tried a few times to get me before and it didn’t happen due to other reasons, not because of my wishes,’ new Arsenal signing Jorginho said of Arteta. DON'T MISS...Man Utd, Chelsea and Arsenal stars in fight to be best January signingArsenal star Jesus posts injury update as Arteta faces headacheArsenal boss Arteta's best XI after January transfer window “So of course, he had a big influence. I’m very excited for this new challenge, and I just can’t wait to be on the pitch to be honest! “Everything has happened so fast. I was a bit surprised, but I took the opportunity of this amazing challenge. It’s an important shirt. It’s an amazing club, a big one, and I’m really excited and happy to be here.” The arrival of Jorginho adds strength to Arteta’s midfield. Arsenal also wanted to sign Brighton starlet Moises Caicedo but had two bids rejected, with the relationship between the two clubs apparently ‘damaged’ by the saga. It now seems unlikely that the Gunners will attempt to sign the Ecuadorian in the summer. Declan Rice is high on their shortlist ahead of 2023-24.