Passengers are unlikely to feel much motion on the majority of cruise ships as the vessels are so large. However, on rocky seas, there are a few positions where guests could be more likely to suffer from seasickness. A cruise passenger wrote on Reddit: “The centre of the ship has less up and down movement than the ends. “Front of the ship will get the worst of the waves. I like the front of the ship as I need that extra long walk to the dining rooms.” Passengers with rooms at the front of the ship are likely to feel its motion much more than those with rooms in the middle. The motion is also likely to be felt less on the ship’s lowest decks than towards the top of the vessel. READ MORE: Flight attendant says hotel guests should use sign method to stay safe Guests who are worried about seasickness should try to select a cabin towards the middle of the ship. However, there are a few other things guests will need to think about when it comes to choosing a cruise cabin. The guest warned: “Some cabins get extra noise from the theatre, theatre practices and morning anchor lines.” Rooms directly above or below the ship’s theatre could experience noise pollution during evening performances or rehearsals. This could also be the case for cabins that are close to the ship’s nightclub or bar which often open until late. Guests could also face more noise if they are below the ship’s pool deck as crew may get up early to set up the pool furniture. Although it’s convenient to be close to the ship’s lifts, passengers might find it difficult to sleep in nearby cabins. Passengers are likely to use the lifts all night and will pass by the cabins that are closest at all hours of the day. READ MORE: Cruise passenger shames 'rude' and 'entitled' guests The guest also warned: “Back of the ship will get a lot of engine vibrations.” The back of the ship is usually near the ship’s engines and guests could experience excess noise from the engine room. One guest said: “We recently went on a cruise where we had a very large balcony and thought we really lucked out. “Then, we realised that we were inundated with the smell of cigarette smoke. They offered us a different room. “One of the stewards explained to us that immediately beneath our balcony deck, was one of only two places onboard where the 1,500 crew could smoke cigarettes.” Although smoking is usually forbidden in cabins or communal areas of cruises, there are often a couple of designated areas for smokers. Passengers with rooms close to smoking areas could find their balcony suffers from the smell of cigarettes. Guests could try asking the cruise line when they book for more guidance on their cabin location to avoid this issue. The majority of passengers on the Reddit forum advised rooms in the middle of the ship were “best”.