Chelsea could return to haunt Brighton and Hove Albion not once, but twice in the near future if Jose Mourinho makes a sensational return to Stamford Bridge for a third spell in charge of the Blues. The future of current manager Graham Potter has been called into question over the last few weeks given his struggles in the months since replacing Thomas Tuchel at Chelsea, who are currently well adrift of the Premier League's top four and look set to miss out on Champions League football next season. Chelsea are reportedly willing to back Potter for the foreseeable future but speculation has been rife that Todd Boehly could soon decide to pull the trigger if the 47-year-old fails to improve things in west London over the coming weeks. It seems as though Mourinho may have emerged as a surprise candidate to replace Potter, with former Inter Milan director Fulvio Collovati having insisted that the Roma boss has already been sounded out by Chelsea to return to his old stomping ground."I think he has already received offers and one of them is from Chelsea," Collovati told Rai Sport. "Maybe a few national sides too. It could be that he is laying the groundwork for a departure at the end of the season."A return to Chelsea for Mourinho would risk sparking a knock-on effect that could sting Brighton, who have been thriving under the guidance of Roberto De Zerbi since Potter left the Amex Stadium to join the Blues earlier this season. De Zerbi has arguably had Brighton playing better than Potter did in recent months as they seek European qualification at the end of the campaign, with the Seagulls currently seventh in the Premier League table. JUST IN: Liverpool can feel smug after Rio Ferdinand gives Darwin Nunez verdict It has been reported by The Telegraph that Roma have earmarked De Zerbi as a potential replacement for Mourinho if the latter goes back to Chelsea or leaves of his own accord between now and the end of the season. The legendary Portuguese manager's future at the Stadio Olimpico has come under scrutiny in recent weeks after regularly complaining in the media about the quality of his squad and hitting out at fans over the weekend for not realising what his players are achieving in 'very difficult circumstances'.De Zerbi would likely be a shrewd choice to succeed Mourinho at Roma given his relative success at Brighton over the course of his short spell in the Premier League to date, although his departure would undoubtedly hurt the Seagulls after snapping him up from Shakhtar Donetsk only a few months ago. Chelsea could then decide to kick Brighton while they are down by raiding them for some of their most important players, with the Blues having already poached Potter and Marc Cucurella from them since the end of last season.Alexis Mac Allister and Moises Caicedo have both been linked with Chelsea over the last few months and could be pursued when the bidding opens in the summer, which would leave Brighton in need of a mini-rebuild after losing De Zerbi and at least one of their highest-profile players. It remains to be seen whether such a situation will eventually arise, though, with Mourinho needing to rejoin Chelsea to kick off the domino effect. The latter has already insisted that he retains a soft spot for Chelsea by admitting that he prefers the Blues to any of his other former clubs in the Premier League, telling BT Sport last year: "Of course, my English connection is Chelsea. That's the way I see things, as a Chelsea man after two periods of Chelsea and six years."But at Manchester United the fans are special. There are lots of good people inside the club, so it's not like I'm happy to be right. I'm not happy to be right, I'd like to be wrong. I'd like to be wrong, but I knew that I was right."For me, the first thing to change when things are not going right is mentality and organisation, and that was not coming. I knew that for me to leave was not going to resolve the situation. I knew that, unfortunately, but I wish them the best and I hope that they make it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.