Both banks are part of the Lloyds Banking Group, which is reducing its number of outlets again between April and June this year. Customers who prefer to do their banking in person may want to check if their local branch is on the list and then find out where their nearest branch will be. Lloyds is set to close 22 branches all across the country while Halifax is permanently shutting down 15 of its branches. The two banks are closing a total of 59 branches in 2023 with several branches already having closed over the past two months. This is the full list of branches that will be closing: READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs Managers at Lloyds Banking Group said they decided to close the branches as the number of visits has dropped by about 60 percent in the past five years. A spokesman said: “Branches play an important part in our strategy but we need to have them in the right places, where they are well-used. “We’ll continue to invest in branches that are being used regularly, alongside our online, mobile app and telephone services.” The bank said all the branches that will be closing are within a third of a mile of at least one free-to-use cashpoint and a Post Office. The group also said the closures will not lead to any job losses.  A recent study looking at bank branch closures found that face-to-face banking is no longer possible for more than a quarter of the UK population. A total of 5,391 bank and building society branches closed their doors between January 2015 and January 2023, which is an equivalent of 54 a month. Some 18.7 million Britons no longer have access to a local branch, according to a survey for the Daily Express’ Save Our High Street Bank campaign. Jenny Ross, Which? money editor, said previously that those who are not ready to move to online banking must be “protected” from the branch closures. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost  She said: "While many consumers have embraced digital banking, there are still millions, including the elderly, vulnerable and isolated, who aren't yet ready or willing to make that switch - and they must be protected. "Our figures show how the number of bank branches and free-to-use ATMs has been slashed in recent years, so it's vital that new legislation protects free access to cash for the millions of people who rely on it. "The Government must guarantee minimum levels of access without fees being charged and give the Financial Conduct Authority powers to oversee the cash system to ensure it meets community needs." Other major banks have announced they will close several branches this year, including NatWest, Halifax and Lloyds. Lord Foulkes, the co-chairman of All Party Parliamentary Group on Age and Older People, said “urgent action” is needed to reverse the trend. He commented: “The Government needs to take urgent action to stop this and make banks return to serving the public rather than maximising their profits.” Those whose local branch is closing may want to find out where their nearest Post Office is, as here they will be able to access cash, pay in cheques and check their balance. Another option is to consider switching to online banking, as all major banks offer access to their services via an internet browser or through an app.