TV sports presenter, Jake Humphrey, launched SkiYodl to help skiers enjoy their holiday with a little extra knowledge. The TV star, who invested in the app, said it would “take the stress out of finding the perfect spot for lunch”. SkiYodl is a self catered ski accommodation provider which connects customers with local knowledge. Jake hit the slopes in Meribel in January to road test the SkiYodl app with his family and friends. He said: “The app was a real game changer for us. It makes skiing more enjoyable because it takes the stress out of finding the perfect spot for lunch or even your morning coffee! “We especially loved the recommendations coming from locals, as you know each place is going to be great. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’ “It saved us from trawling through dated reviews and missing out on those hidden gems! We probably wouldn’t have stopped at Le Monchu without the app. “This piste-side sun trap was spot on for lunch. Easy to get to, delicious food and an unbeatable experience, it was definitely one of the highlights of our trip! “I’ve been to Three Valleys a few times in the past and thought I knew my way round but using this app made me explore a little further and find some awesome ideas we would have simply skied past otherwise.” SkiYodl is currently expanding across Europe and into North America, seeking out the best local knowledge with a “trusted voice”. The app’s founder, Oli Dannatt, was once a private ski investor to Richard Branson and lived in the exclusive resort of Verbier for 10 years. Oli founded the app after realising how hard it was to find and organise a good ski trip without local knowledge. SkiYodl currently operates across 12 ski destinations and aims to help customers find the best restaurants, accommodation and bars for their trip. Oli Dannatt said: “In a world where you can book almost anything in a single tap, the ski travel market hasn’t kept up. READ MORE: Top US holiday destination plans strict cruise ship limits “There is a gap in the market for local, honest resort information available to live book. “SkiYodl is a technology led business and brings customers the ability to search and book their ski trip in real time. “However, our real secret is in who we know. Our growing network of in-resort fixers bring our customers the very best resort discovery with absolutely no BS.” Experts on the app will share their knowledge to help holidaymakers find the best slopes and apres ski events for their trip. Adam Roy, CEO of the Volla accommodation platform, shared his top tips to make your ski holiday easier: “With people tightening the purse strings this year and not having the same money to spend, I recommend going during what is typically seen as off-season, during April for example. “I also recommend choosing higher resorts where the season starts even earlier and finishes later. Saas Fee, for example, is one of the first European resorts to open up each year and has a winter season running from the beginning of November right until the end of April. It even offers summer skiing thanks to its high altitude. “Winter sports have been pretty much impossible for the last two years so we’re expecting this season to be busy, to say the least, as enthusiasts flock for their long-awaiting fixes. What’s more, a lot of people became more active during the pandemic, with walking, running and cycling being some of the only forms of entertainment, so we predict a lot of first-timers too. “As a result, I’d encourage people to book any hire equipment, book restaurant reservations and buy lift passes in advance to avoid disappointment. You can often save money by booking in advance on both passes and equipment too, not to mention being able to skip the queues. The last thing that you want after two years of restrictions is to miss out on your favourite restaurants and waste hours standing in lines.”