Manchester United and their Premier League rivals will get the chance to sign Paulo Dybala this summer for just £10.7million, according to reports in Spain. The Argentine World Cup winner is said to have a clause in his contract at Roma that would allow clubs from England to land the attacker at a cut-price - providing they were willing to take the plunge. Once upon a time, Dybala was hot property as Manchester United and Tottenham battled it out for his signature. But following a deterioration of form and a host of injury struggles, Dybala's stock plummeted during the final stretch of his time with Juventus. He made the decision to run down his contract under the assumption he would have an abundance of offers on the table. However, that was simply not the case after a move to Inter Milan collapsed in the final stages - leaving Dybala short of options. READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges The 29-year-old eventually joined Jose Mourinho's Roma, where he has scored 10 times in 22 outings in all competitions this season. Yet even still, Spanish newspaper Sport claim Dybala's current deal contains a release clause that could see him depart the Stadio Olimpico at the end of the season. It's claimed Premier League side can sign the player for £10.7m while Italian clubs would have to pay £17.6m in order to land Dybala. With Manchester United looking for attacking reinforcements at the end of the season, it's another credible option that could be well worth considering. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges The Red Devils actually came close to striking an agreement for Dybala when attempting to flop Romelu Lukaku to Juventus but talks collapsed over wage demands. After eventually staying put at Juventus, Dybala later told Corriere della Sera on the saga: “It wasn’t an easy summer. “Hearing your name linked to every team and every place, where you don’t want to go, isn’t a nice thing. “But this is football, even if before the transfer window opened I said: ‘I want to stay here.’ "I think it was more important to let the pitch do the talking, even if until the last day no-one knew what would happen. “I wanted to stay, I wanted to play here and continue my career at Juve. I think I can still give a lot and I showed a glimpse of that against Inter." Mourinho has already been faced with losing Nicolo Zaniolo this season after the Italian playmaker requested a transfer in January. The 23-year-old has since joined Galatasaray, leaving Roma light on the ground in attack as the club chase a top-four finish in Serie A. Should Roma not achieve Champions League qualification, there is a sense Mourinho could part company with the Giallorossi. It's understood The Special One was a big part of Roma's sell to free agent Dybala following his departure from Juventus.