Barcelona’s 2-2 draw with Manchester United has been dubbed ‘a scandal’ by Catalan outlets - despite Erik ten Hag himself being furious with the refereeing. The two teams were both impressive during the showdown at the Nou Camp. And the result means the tie is very much in the balance ahead of the second leg at Old Trafford next week. Barcelona have been in impressive form in La Liga this season, with Xavi’s side currently in pole position to win the title ahead of Real Madrid. And they took the lead through Marcos Alonso on Thursday night, with the former Chelsea star heading home in the 50th minute. After that goal, the game opened up. United levelled through Marcus Rashford and then went ahead when Jules Kounde put the ball in his own net following some good work from the England international. Ultimately, Barcelona were able to secure a draw with Raphinha curling home an equaliser. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford One point of contention in the second half, however, was when the ball seemed to brush the arm of Fred inside the box. No penalty was given yet Sport have now dubbed the decision ‘a scandal’ and slammed the standard of refereeing on show. “Fred put all the spice in the world to the action by putting his arm in a place that it did not touch,” their report read. “The action raised the entire Camp Nou, who insistently asked for hands. Also the Barca players, who went for the referee Maurizio Mariani. “The Brazilian player cut a ball in the area with his arm after it first touched his chest and the maximum penalty was quickly called for. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “Neither the referee nor the video arbitration said anything, which allowed the game to continue without penalising the action.” And Mundo Deportivo, too, have hit out at the decision not to give Barcelona a spot-kick. Fernando Polo, writing in his analysis for the newspaper, wrote: “The players and technicians of FC Barcelona complained bitterly about some arbitration decisions by the Italian referee Maurizio Mariani, especially a very clear handball from Fred inside the Manchester United area after a header from Sergi Roberto. “Xavi, for example, even went to tell the referee at the end of the game, also complaining about a possible penalty for Jordi Alba.” And Polo added: “It's a clear hand and the United player also has his arm outstretched. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Therefore, the penalty is clear. It is strange that from the VAR they did not notify the referee so that he could at least see the play on the monitor and then make a decision. “Perhaps the reason is that in Europe they must see a very clear hand to whistle it, but in the parameters of Spanish football, when a player intercepts a ball inside the area with his arm detached from his body it is a penalty. “In my opinion, Mariani failed.” While Barcelona may feel aggrieved, Ten Hag also vented his fury at the referee for his performance. “We had a lot of character and determination in this team," he said. “The belief that we had to score the first goal, the meaning of scoring the first goal, is so important, and that’s what we didn’t do. “We turn it around when we were down, and then also I think the refereeing had a big influence in this game. “I think it was a clear foul on Rashy, you can discuss if it’s in or outside the box…” When told it happened outside the box, he continued: “Okay, then it was a red card because he was one-on-one with the goalkeeper so it was a big influence, not only on this game, but in this round. “A referee can’t make such a mistake.” United last locked horns with Barcelona at Old Trafford back in 2019. They lost 1-0 on that occasion, with Luis Suarez netting the only goal of the game.