A university student tragically fell to his death after scaling a nightclub fire escape. Alfie Woollett, a 21-year-old Cardiff Met student from Looe in Cornwall, died after hitting his head having tried to climb a fire escape at Kings club, an inquest has heard. His football club said he was "respected and loved". An inquest into Mr Woollett’s death at Pontypridd Coroners’ Court heard how Mr Woollett had attended a fancy dress party at the club on March 4 last year, reports WalesOnline. He was asked to leave the venue by security due to “intoxication”. However, after leaving Kings, Mr Woollett tried to get back into the club by climbing over a fire escape at the rear of the premises. Mr Woollett, who was born in Medway in Kent, lost his footing and fell, sustaining traumatic injuries to his head and dying at the scene. Results of a toxicological report stated that Mr Woollett was more than four times above the legal drink-drive limit at the time of his death. The coroner said that was "a level which in itself can be fatal". Assistant coroner for South Wales Central Dr Sarah-Jane Richards issued a formal conclusion of an alcohol-related death with a medical cause of death of traumatic head injury under the influence of alcohol. The coroner said: "He had attended a fancy dress evening at the Kings nightclub, Cardiff, with friends however was excluded from the club due to his intoxication. "Mr. Woollett then attempted to climb the fire escape at the rear of the premises whereupon he lost his footing and fell sustaining traumatic head injuries from which he did not survive. Life was declared extinct at the scene at the rear of the Kings nightclub." Mr Woollett’s football club in Cornwall, Looe Town Football Club, held a memorial match for him in May with more than 150 spectators. Cardiff Met University, where he coached, and Cardiff University also held a minute’s silence for Mr Woollett at their fixture days after his death while Cardiff competition the Cyncoed Cup has also been renamed the Alfie Woollett Cup for the current season.  In a statement on behalf Looe Town club chairman Pete Lewis wrote on March 6: “As a community, a club, as teams, and as individuals we are devastated to hear of the passing of Alfie Woollett, one of our own. Alfie played for the club for many years, firstly as a youth player and then as a member of the men’s team. "His infectious smile, bubbly personality, competitive nature, skill, and determination made him a player that all respected and loved. We remember a great team player – you were one of the greatest and we will all remember you as your family will; such a lovely person. "The entire family have been a huge part of our football community for many years and have been an incredible support to the club. Our thoughts are with the family at this most difficult time and our love, strength, and support go out to them all.”