Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta will have a difficult task working out how to integrate young striker Folarin Balogun into his first-team squad following his prolific loan spell with Reims. However, he may still struggle for match action despite his good form with Gabriel Jesus and Eddie Nketiah both excellent in the Premier League title race with the 21-year-old still likely to be behind them in the pecking order. Balogun has set Ligue 1 alight for Reims this season with the striker now clear of the likes of Kylian Mbappe at the top of the division’s scoring charts. He has already scored 14 times this season, one clear of the talismanic Frenchman, with his hat-trick in the 4-2 win over Lorient on Wednesday the highlight of his loan stint so far. His performance against Regis Le Bris’ men capped off what has been a magnificent run of form. It was the fifth time that he had found the net in the last three matches and has been integral to Reims' chances this season. He has directly contributed to 58% of his side’s goals this season and the club would likely be facing a relegation battle without him. However, Balogun’s form gives Arteta something of a dilemma. The way he is playing commands a first-team berth on his return from loan but this is not something the Spaniard is likely to be able to give as a result of the performances from Jesus and Nketiah. DON'T MISS: Man Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before dramatic turnaround The Brazilian had a transformative impact on the Gunners' attacking output in the first half of the season despite struggling to find the net himself at times. The former Manchester City man was integral in knitting together everything the side did going forwards with the likes of Gabriel Martinelli, Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka benefitting as a result. Nketiah has taken on his mantle seamlessly following the long-term knee injury Jesus picked up at the World Cup. He has shown excellent hold-up play in the games since the international break while also showing good form in front of goal netting six times including an important double against Manchester United. READ MOREChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer With Jesus and Nketiah already so integrated within the Arsenal first-team squad, it is difficult to see where Balogun fits in. He commands game time but appears unlikely to receive it given his competition. It is a situation that will be a huge test of Arteta’s managerial skills and one he may already be considering with Balogun only likely to impress more during the rest of the campaign.