Manchester United were exciting and exhilarating but unable to beat Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday night. The Red Devils put in a fine display during a dramatic contest at the Nou Camp. However, misses from Jadon Sancho and Wout Weghorst will likely haunt Erik ten Hag ahead of the second leg. Manchester United had gone into their match with Barcelona looking for a sixth Europa League win this season. However, while they were unable to emerge victorious, it was still a positive night for Ten Hag and his side. United fell behind in the 50th minute, with Marcos Alonso putting Barcelona ahead after Fred allowed the Spain international to leap ahead of him. A strike from Marcus Rashford and Jules Kounde own goal then had the Red Devils in dreamland, with the two incidents happening in the space of seven minutes. But Raphinha struck late to earn Barcelona a draw and give them hope ahead of the second leg next week. For United, there were many positives on the night. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Rashford continued his electric form, with the England international netting his 22nd goal of the season. Fred and Casemiro were warriors in the middle of the park, with the Brazilian double act getting the better of Gavi and Frenkie de Jong. And full-backs Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Tyrell Malacia impressed, too. Ten Hag bemoaned the failure to send off Barcelona defender Ronald Araujo in the second half. But he also admitted he was frustrated at United’s failure to score more goals, with the Red Devils left to pay the price. Though he didn’t name names, two players will likely have frustrated him. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Weghorst did well for United, throwing himself around the pitch after being surprisingly picked in the No 10 position. But the Netherlands international’s finishing leaves much to be desired and he missed a big chance at 0-0 to put his team ahead. Weghorst should have beaten Marc-Andre Ter Stegen in the Barcelona goal, having been played through by Bruno Fernandes. Yet he could only shoot straight at the Germany international, with Barcelona then proceeding to open the scoring after the interval. Sancho, too, should have done better. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It would be unfair to be too harsh on the England international, who stuck to his task diligently and posed a threat during his time on the field. But Sancho squandered two glorious opportunities and was clearly frustrated with himself and his inability to find the net. United are a team heading in the right direction. However, it’s clear they need to be more potent in front of goal if they’re to win matches of this magnitude in the future. Meanwhile, speaking after the game, pundits in the BT Sport studio reacted to the dramatic contest. Paul Scholes said: “What a game to watch. So exciting. “There just wasn't a breath taken. It was a bit of a throwback really. This game is perfectly set up for next Thursday.” And Owen Hargreaves added: “If anyone was wondering if Manchester United are the real deal or not that just shows. “They came here and went toe-to-toe with Barcelona. They could have easily won the game.”