Sebastian Vettel has urged F1 drivers in 2023 to show 'courage' against new FIA regulations that limit the right to freedom of speech. The four-time world champion, who was one of the sport's most outspoken drivers on causes important to him, has branded the decision 'nonsense'. FIA have introduced a rule for the new season which will prohibit drivers from making statements of a political or religious nature without prior approval. Unsurprisingly, the governing body's call has garnered mass criticism. Others have suggested it's a move to maintain political impartiality. During his memorable time in F1, Vettel made an effort to showcase his solidarity with the LGBTQ+ community when driving in countries where beliefs are controversial. He joined Lewis Hamilton as two of the most vocal competitors to regularly fly the flag, also fighting against racism and climate change. And with the 2023 season right around the corner, Vettel has spoken against the FIA's new regulations, claiming there may have been trouble if he was still active. JUST IN: Max Verstappen responds to Lewis Hamilton claim  He told Auto Bild: "Yes, that's a bit of nonsense. There might have been a bit of trouble then [if he was still on the grid]. "Of course, it always depends on what question you're asked and what the topic is. But I think it's absolutely important to take a stand on some issues. "And we've seen in recent years that more and more people are taking a stand. It doesn't make much sense to go against that now." Vettel also acknowledged that now he's retired, he can speak more openly on the subject, but he called on his former colleagues to continue sharing their beliefs on the grid in 2023 and beyond. DON'T MISS: George Russell’s house, girlfriend, cars and hobbies with F1 fortune  "I'm no longer involved, so of course, I can say a lot now," Vettel explained. "But of course, I hope that the guys in Formula 1 will continue to have the courage to stand up for their opinions and express them." The 2023 season begins with pre-season testing on February 23 before the Bahrain Grand Prix weekend from March 3 to March 5. Fernando Alonso has replaced Vettel as Lance Stroll's team-mate at Aston Martin, one of several changes to the grid.