Adam Little, who played Blake Myers on Coronation Street, has exited the soap in the wake of a racial violence storyline. The actor arrived in Weatherfield last year as Max Turner's (Paddy Bever) old school bully before he fell in with evil Griff Reynolds' (Michael Condron) dangerous far-right gang. Adam's final scenes were broadcast on Monday evening when Blake was sentenced for the brutal stabbing of Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) as well as the attempted murder of Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon). The actor has shared the news of his soap exit on social media, with a photograph of him posing in cobble's fictional ginnel. Adam penned to his followers: "Thank you to Coronation Street for the opportunity to be a part of this storyline and play crazy man Blake! "It’s been a blast working with such a friendly cast and crew who have made me so welcome. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "Thank you to all the viewers who have supported and sent me lovely messages. It's really appreciated.” Adam's character had absorbed the same right-wing views as Max in recent months on the ITV soap. When Blake pulled out a weapon in shocking scenes, Alya jumped in front of Maria and got stabbed. She was rushed to the hospital and Blake was subsequently arrested at the scene.  He later told police officers that Max's propaganda videos inspired him to go on the violent spree. His admission resulted in Max getting questioned and the boys had their plea hearing earlier this week. Blake thought he would be viewed as a hero so he pleaded guilty to the preparation of terrorist acts and attempted murder. Adam confirmed his soap exit after his courtroom scenes aired. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Roy sparks concern as Nina forced to intervene [UPDATE]Coronation Street's Sarah Platt crushes husband Adam's baby dream [LATEST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' real Beth and Hope slap [THEORY] The star's social media followers paid tribute to him on his Instagram after his big announcement. Louise penned: "Brilliant acting, you played a brilliant villain. Good luck in the future." Clsampson2 said: "Amazing acting Adam, Good luck with your future journey." Daniella shared: "You were truly fabulous. Proud of you xx."  Stritch15 added: "It's been great seeing you on my screen and on the set, good luck to the future mate. Look after yourself." The extremism storyline Adam's character was embroiled in proved to be controversial with ITV viewers, with the stabbing scenes prompting Ofcom complaints. More than 50 viewers contacted the media watchdog, with Ofcom later confirming scenes of racial violence were the reason for the complaints. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm. 