Kate Middleton, 41, is the royal patron of Place2Be, who is running Children’s Mental Health Week from today until February 12, 2023. Children’s Mental Health Week follows the Princess of Wales' launch of The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood’s new Shaping Us campaign.  To mark the start of Children’s Mental Health Week today, the Princess of Wales met with primary school children in east London to discuss the importance of supporting children’s mental health and connecting with others. In an exclusive video released today, the Princess joined children at St John’s CE Primary School in Bethnal Green as they took part in creative activities to help them think and talk about who they feel most connected to in their lives. Kate wore an elegant navy blue and white striped jumper for the occasion, which she first wore in May 2019 during the launch of the King’s Cup Regatta. Unfortunately, there isn't any further information about the piece as it has remained unidentified. READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  The Princess later wore the jumper during an interview with Tina Daheley for BBC Breakfast in April 2020. Prince William and Kate spoke about a wide range of topics including the coronavirus pandemic, mental health and the NHS. Kate paired the jumper with a simple pair of black trsouers, which she accessorised with her Anderson's Croc-effect leather belt. This belt costs a whopping £98, and is described as: "Anderson's is known for producing high-quality leather goods. "A classic addition to your everyday wardrobe, this black croc-effect belt has been expertly made at a workshop in Italy where the artisans use a 100-step process. It fastens with a gleaming gold buckle."   Kate has worn this belt on a handful of occasions since 2020. The Princess also accessorised with a very special pair of earrings - her Spells of Love "Alia" 18k gold hoops. These jewels cost £79, with the description saying: "Our Bestselling Alia Hoops. As seen on Kendall Jenner and HRH The Princess Of Wales. "The ultimate hoops for any occasion, a big and bold statement piece that dresses up any outfit." READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  Kate wore these modern gold earrings for several events in 2020. Hayley Jones, the founder of Spells of Love, told Express.co.uk: "It has been so incredible having Princess of Wales wear my earrings, I still cannot believe it, it's still so surreal. I don't think it will ever fully sink in! "Seeing the Princess of Wales wear our pieces has been an honour. As a small two-person-run business, it has really helped put us on the map. "We have had orders globally, from countries I would have never expected to know who we are. It has been so surreal, I am forever grateful."  The expert went on to describe her favourite occasion that Kate wore the Spells of Love earrings and why. Ms Jones said: "I think it was the first time Kate wore my Alia Hoops which was during her visit to Barry, Wales. It was a complete pinch-me moment, and something I will never forget. My grandad who sadly passed away last year was ecstatic as he loved the Royal Family, it was a proud moment to share with him and remember." Kate has re-worn the earrings several times now, which is such a huge honour for the designer. Ms Jones continued: "Yes- it is such an incredible honour! I still cannot quite believe it. I am incredibly grateful for the opportunity, it has really helped put my business on the map and has been a huge stepping stone for me as a brand, I am forever grateful." 