McDonald's is constantly changing and updating its menu to meet customer demands. But today, as well as introducing new items to its menu, it is also increasing the prices of existing items. McDonald's has blamed the rising energy and food costs on its price increases, saying it has had no choice but to change the prices of some of its menu items. The menu items going up in price from today, February 15, are: Mayo Chicken: 99p to £1.19 Bacon Mayo Chicken: £1.59 to £1.79 Bacon Double Cheeseburger: £2.49 to £2.69 Triple Cheeseburger: £2.69 to £2.89 Medium Carbonated Drink: £1.39 to £1.49 READ MORE: Meghan 'loathes syrupy drinks' - tops cocktail with unusual garnish This is not the first time McDonald's has been forced to change its menu prices. Back in July last year, the fast-food chain raised the price of its classic single cheeseburger from 99p to £1.14. Other menu items also increased in price from 10p or 20p. This was the first time McDonald's had changed its prices in 14 years. A McDonald's spokesperson explained why the company had decided to hike its prices today, saying it had been hit with rising food and energy costs. They said: "We are committed to offering great tasting food at affordable prices. However, like many businesses, the impact of the increase in food and energy costs continues to affect our company and our franchises. "We carefully review and adjust pricing to offer great value and quality. At the same time, we continue to work hard on how we can provide our customer's value where it matters most, with personalised offers and rewards through the MyMcDonald’s Rewards scheme." The fast-food chain also announced it will be trialling a new range of Saver Meals in 120 of its south-eastern England stores. These will be launched today too. The trial will see the Cheeseburger, Mayo Chicken or Double Cheeseburger available with a side and a drink to form the Saver Meal. The Cheeseburger and Mayo Chicken Saver Meals will be priced at £3.99, with the Double Cheeseburger at £4.79. This menu will run for the next 12 weeks until Tuesday, May 9. If it proves to be popular, McDonald's will think about extending it to more stores nationwide. Today is also the day the fast-food chain is introducing new and returning items to its menu, The biggest update is that the McSpicy is returning to the menu permanently from today, February 15, following the praise it received from customers when it was first introduced in restaurants across the UK. Alongside the McSpicy, returning favourites will be available to order from today for six weeks only. These are the Grand Big Mac, Grand Big Mac with Bacon, Chilli Cheese bites, Galaxy Chocolate McFlurry, and Galaxy Caramel McFlurry. Fans will be able to get their hands on the nation’s favourite burger but bigger. The Grand Big Mac is made of two 100 percent beef patties, a slice of cheese, lettuce, onion, pickles, and McDonalds' famous Big Mac sauce in a sesame topped bun. The Grand Big Mac with Bacon will also be back on menus. The Chilli Cheese bites will accompany the McSpicy to "bring the heat to 2023", according to McDonald's. These come as a portion of four chilli cheese bites in a crispy batter, served with a rich tomato dip. As for the Galaxy chocolate and Galaxy Caramel McFlurries - enjoy soft dairy ice cream, swirled with pieces of Galaxy chocolate and topped with either Galaxy chocolate sauce or a delicious Galaxy caramel sauce.