A teenager has revealed the devastating toll lockdown took on his mental health, telling Express.co.uk that the restrictions caused him so much distress he tried to take his own life on multiple occasions. Jack, not his real name, said that the Government’s lockdown restrictions made him feel “like all the walls were closing in”. This comes as new data from Cygnet Health Care shows that between 2019 and 2022 referrals of young people to their psychiatric intensive care units was up 134 per cent. Dr Triveni Joshi, a consultant psychiatrist specialising in child and adolescent psychiatry said: “We won’t know for many years whether the virus itself disturbed young people’s neurological development but we have emerging evidence which tells us about the detrimental impact of lockdown. It impacted young people’s mental health and wellbeing severely, particularly those who had pre-existing mental health conditions."  18-year-old Jack, from near Cambridge, told Express.co.uk that he had been admitted to a mental health hospital in December 2019 and was “discharged straight into lockdown” on 28 February 2020 without “enough support”. Over the course of the pandemic, Jack said he “ended up in and out of hospital quite a lot of times, struggling with self harm”. “I wasn’t getting enough support really, I wasn’t able to see my therapist in person. I was trying to have zoom meetings with them online, which just doesn’t work because I’m trying to do therapy from my bedroom, which is meant to be safe space. “You’re talking about really distressing things and then you’re trying to sleep in that same room where you’ve spoken about those distressing things. He continued: “The impact it had, I mean I was constantly stressed, I felt like I couldn’t breath a lot of time. I felt like all the walls were closing in on me.” As a regular gym-goer, Jack’s “normal coping strategy” was working out. However pandemic restrictions saw gyms across the country shut for extended periods, which Jack says was seriously detrimental to his mental wellbeing.   Jack’s psychological conditions are a combination of “anxiety, depression and complex PTSD”, as he said that he was prone to self-harming before the arrival of Covid, but that the pandemic exacerbated the issue, culminating in him trying to walk down a motorway and along a railway line. “My self-harm had been going on for years before… but it escalated because I wasn’t getting the support because of lockdown. “I didn’t self-harm directly because of lockdown, but the two were correlated”, he said. “There was one time, I don’t even remember it, but I went off walking down a motorway and the police picked me up. I was putting myself in a lot of danger. “The time I was at my lowest was November 2021… I had basically run off from the hospital and I went onto the train tracks and I walked on the train track for about 5 kilometres and I don’t know how I survived.” READ MORE: Heavy drinking may increase your risk of catching Covid, study reveals Jack’s story of worsening mental health during the pandemic and in its wake is not isolated. Meg, 15, a service user on Unicorn Ward at Cygnet Hospital Sheffield, was admitted after making attempts on her life in 2022. “I struggle to socialise with people and I got used to not being around anyone during lockdown,” she explained. “When restrictions lifted and I returned to school and needed to interact, my problems got a lot worse. “Even during lockdown, I didn’t have anyone to talk to. You had to be severely unwell to get the right support. That’s the situation I ended up in. Without Covid, I might have had the same struggles but I would have had access to the coping strategies I needed a lot earlier. “Perhaps then I wouldn’t have attempted suicide and I wouldn’t be on a psychiatric intensive care unit now.” DON'T MISS:Solar storm to rock Earth today after NASA spots piece of Sun 'breaks'[ANALYSIS]Sturgeon humiliated as Scotland missed '£60bn surge from energy deal'[INSIGHT]Musk limits Ukraine's use of his internet satellites [REPORT]  According to Cygnet, the healthcare provider saw a spike in the number of young people presenting with issues such as “low mood, insomnia, stress, anxiety, anger, irritability, emotional exhaustion, depression and post-traumatic stress symptoms following lockdown.” Dr Joshi believes the absence of meaningful interaction between young people during the pandemic, was a key driver of the mental health crisis that followed. “In my view the biggest concern was the isolation. We know that lack of socialisation is a key factor in depression. The young people became trapped in their homes. “They were missing social contact and no way of engaging in activities which would have previously boosted their mental health such as sports clubs and activities with their friends”, she said. “Not having that outlet, as well as the huge sense of anxiety about what was happening to the world around them, would have been overwhelming and little wonder they struggled.” Despite the danger that Jack ended up in due to Covid restrictions, he said he “actually supported” it at the time, and in the event of a similar public health emergency would support lockdown-style measures for the “greater good” over his own “personal well being”. Call the Samaritans free on 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org, or call the suicide prevention charity Papyrus: 0800 068 4141. 