Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand singled out five players for praise following the Red Devils’ 2-1 win over Barcelona on Thursday as they advanced to the last 16 of the Europa League. Fred and Antony got the goals as Erik ten Hag’s outfit came back from an early Robert Lewandowski penalty to seal a crucial victory before they face Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. Ferdinand was impressed with both goalscorers alongside centre-backs Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez, while Alejandro Garnacho’s cameo off the bench was met with high acclaim from the ex-England star. Ferdinand was wary of getting carried away, however, after being mocked for his comments when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s United were in a similarly positive place. “I am not going to say ‘we’re back’ I am not going to get overhyped and go too far and become a meme but I am feeling something,” Ferdinand told his Rio Ferdinand Presents FIVE channel. “I am feeling something. Fred, he has come in for a lot of stick Fred, he has shown character, he has shown a heart and he has come good. Big moment, comes in, bang. Hits it bottom corner. “Gaffer makes a couple of substitutions, who scored the winner? Antony! Antony! That’s what you want to see, people coming off the bench making an impact, not sulking, adding to the cause, getting us through to the next round. “Weekend, Carabao Cup final we are going to be in there. Newcastle are going to get put down, I said 2-1 today [vs Barcelona] I am going 2-0 at the weekend. [Nick] Pope’s out, Newcastle are out of form, Man United in form and we are on the crest of a wave right now but I am not getting carried away.” Ferdinand was at Old Trafford on Thursday as a fan rather than a pundit, having worked for BT Sport on several occasions during United’s European campaign, as he noticed that the back four had a clear leader in Martinez. “Varane and Martinez, it was nice to sit there as a fan and admire and just go ‘Woah’,” Ferdinand added. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light “Martinez is like the leader at the back. Varane just cool as you like, just calm and made a great block at the end but Martinez throughout the game was aggressive, rugged, can pass over various distances, can take the ball anywhere. I love it. “Garnacho comes on and just says: ‘Barca? Give me a bit of that now’, I am feeling the barnet. When you are playing well you can have what barnet you want. "It’s when you are losing and you are not in a good place in the league getting mad haircuts it just doesn’t sit well with people. Kid is on fire, new contract, comes on against Barcelona and roasts a few, says ‘Listen I don’t respect no-one’.”