It has been a year since Vladimir Putin initiated his “special operation” in Ukraine, but for the Russian opposition, the war began long ago. Ilya Ponomarev, the former deputy of Russia’s State Duma (the lower house of the Federal Assembly of Russia) has long fought against Putin — he was the only deputy to vote against the annexation of Crimea in 2014 and has openly accused Putin of rigging elections. He was impeached by the Duma in 2016 for truancy and not performing his duties, and has since been living in exile in Ukraine, fighting the Putin regime from the outside (with a machine gun close by in case loyalists come knocking). Here, the 47-year-old — who has worked closely with the “talented manipulator” — tells Express.co.uk that, on this grim milestone, Putin knows he's losing the war. But, in a bleak warning, he notes the bloodshed is far from over as the President believes his forces will still triumph. Speaking from Warsaw, Poland, where he is attending the second meeting of the Congress of People’s Deputies of Russia, Mr Ponomarev forms part of the new “Parallel Parliament” of oppositionists and former deputies of different levels and convocations from Russia. The exiled delegates — who have lobbied against Putin’s dictatorship, the Kremlin’s crimes, and Russia’s war in Ukraine since 2014 — hope to be the transitional parliament of the Russian Federation — or its possible successor. But to go against Putin is to play with fire. In 2017, a fellow Russian Parliament member turned dissident, Denis Voronenkov, was shot and killed while travelling to meet Mr Ponomarev. His death was allegedly committed by Russian intelligence. Mr Ponomarev was booted out of the Duma and barred from entering his own country again while on a trip to the US. Now, as a citizen of Ukraine, he lives life surrounded by “a lot” of security as he is under attack, persecuted by “terrorists and extremists from the Russian authorities”. A machine gun is always kept by his door. But he remains defiant. He believes it is the Congress of People’s Deputies who are the only “viable” alternative to Putin — or whoever is put in his place from his inner circle to “preserve the system” when he finally falls. “No longer” than a year. In fact, Mr Ponomarev predicts that he will not see his 71st birthday on October 7. The catalyst of his downfall, he believes, will be Ukraine reclaiming Crimea which was illegally annexed by Putin nine years ago. He said: “The Ukrainian army one day or another will enter Crimea and I think that would be the end of the regime. The way Putin has positioned himself now, he would not be able to sustain such a military defeat.” While Putin could die in office, this is a "black swan" that hopes cannot be pinned on, Mr Ponomarev said. The other alternatives? He is toppled by a grassroots revolution or his own "inner circle". Survival of his inner circle is dependent on whether they can prove to the West that they are no longer associated with Putin, Mr Ponomarev explained. They could either release him to an international court — a dangerous option in terms of what might be revealed — or eliminated. Mr Ponomarev — who also authored the 2022 book Does Putin Have to Die? — believes it will be the aim of Putin's inner circle’s to install someone who will preserve the system, such as Russia’s Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin. He continued: “The major threat is whether the West would allow this or not.” READ MORE: 'Putin is sending our sons to the meat grinder'—Russians speak out  In his annual address delivered this week, Putin suspended Russia’s participation in the New Start treaty, signed between Russia and the US in 2010, designed to prevent nuclear war. Although the 70-year-old upped the ante, Mr Ponomarev believes the speech only made it “pretty obvious” that Putin was not speaking as someone who is winning the war. Another blow came during the speech itself. Russia carried out what appeared to be an unsuccessful test of an intercontinental ballistic missile — called “Satan II” — when President Joe Biden was in Ukraine. This failed missile test was meant to emphasise the withdrawal from said treaty, Mr Ponomarev believes, but it failed, “humiliating” Putin in the process. While the immediate outlook may not be positive for Putin, the question, Mr Ponomarev believes, is not whether Putin is winning, but whether he thinks he can still win. “Here, unfortunately, my answer is yes,” he continued. “I think that he still is convinced that there is a positive endgame for him, and that's why he's going to continue with hopes that the West cannot sustain a very long-term strategy, that the West would split, that the unity of anti-Putin coalition would not stand, and that he would prevail just by surviving this in terms of time, for longer than Western politicians can afford.” Putin remains incredibly powerful — and, thanks to his KGB training, “a very talented manipulator”, as Mr Ponomarev experienced firsthand when he met the Russian leader. Had Mr Ponomarev not been aware of Putin’s manipulation when meeting him, he would have thought that Putin was like his “best friend” and “the first person who understood him better than his wife”. He continued: “I think that's what helped him a lot when communicating with global leaders. They always see him as very sensible, reasonable, and thoughtful. That's what he was trained to deliver and that's what he was doing all the time.” DON'T MISS:King of Scots 'climbed into cesspit' in final attempt to escape death [INSIGHT]Fergie under fire for 'money grabbing' book tour interview questions [LATEST]French veg prices dramatically higher than UK but shelves are stocked [ANALYSIS]  The majority of Russians — according to sociological surveys — have no opinion on the war in Ukraine and simply follow their leader, as they have been made to do for decades, Ponomarev explained. “Discussions about what Russians would say about a regime change are absolutely useless because I think that right now it's very clear that the majority of the society would praise whatever leader comes to power,” he said. “If it were our Congress, they would praise our Congress. “It really doesn't matter because that's what they have been taught throughout the recent 20 years: ‘just keep aside, politics is not yours et cetera’. We need to actually wake them up.” Yet, Putin’s approval rating appears to be high. Last month, more than 80 percent of Russians approved of the Russian President’s activities, according to data collected by Statista, an increase from September’s 77 percent following the announcement of partial mobilisation. When the Russian President does fall, whether that be this year or not, Mr Ponomarev warns that he must not be replaced with a carbon copy. He said: “The West needs to know that replacing Hitler with a spare, with a Himmler, is not a good idea. Otherwise, the empire will strike back.”