Following the success of the first triple crossover event which kicked off new spin-off FBI: International in 2021, worlds will collide yet again on CBS in just a couple of months. Now starring Dylan McDermott in the lead role of Remy Scott, FBI: Most Wanted has given the TV star a daunting new challenge as he meets two new teams of agents for the first time ever. McDermott was taken “out of his comfort zone” for one of his first-ever crossovers in the latest season of FBI: Most Wanted. The TV regular has led the popular spin-off since the third season, taking over from former team leader Jesse ‘Jess’ LaCroix (played by Julian McMahon). After his villainous stint as Richard Wheatley on NBC drama Law and Order: Organized Crime, the star now faces another high-stakes mission on the other side of the law. “I’m excited,” he said. “It’s always exciting to push yourself and have new experiences. It’s great to feel out of your comfort zone.” READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Remy’s fellow leads Maggie Bell (Missy Peregrym) and Scott Forrester (Luke Kleintank) will both be joining him on a global mission later this season. Many more favourites from across the franchise are also expected to appear to aid another gripping case for all three FBI teams. “You’re going onto a new set with new people and new actors, and they do things one way,” McDermott told Collider. “I love that. I love going into those environments, as a character, and putting my stamp on it and being there.” As one of the newest members of the FBI cast, McDermott admitted there were some struggles when he came to work with such a huge team for the crossover. After hopping over from rival network NBC to CBS, FBI’s production was rather different to what he was used to, especially with such a massive undertaking in the pipeline. “It’s awkward,” he admitted. “But I love awkward because it’s different. It’s not what we’re used to. “Having been on so many different movie sets, and working with different actors in my 40 years as an actor, you get used to being with different people and their energies, and what they like or don’t like.” DON'T MISS:The Rookie fans emotional after Annie Wersching tribute [REACTION]The Mandalorian star admits wearing helmet was ‘like going blind’ [INTERVIEW]Netflix rom-com saved from cancellation by rival streamer [NEWS] “I love that because it takes me out of my comfort zone.” Thankfully, both Law and Order and FBI are helmed by TV mastermind Dick Wolf, so McDermott knew what to expect when he first signed on. “You wanna work with the most successful people in the business, and I’ve been fortunate to be able to do that with a lot of people,” he continued. “And Dick Wolf is certainly near the top of the list because they give you opportunities.” “As Ryan Murphy gave me opportunities, Dick Wolf gives me opportunities to play different characters. “That’s what you want. You wanna be in that sandbox and play different people, not just one person.” Teasing the upcoming event, CBS executive vice president Eric Kim said: “As the FBIs continue to dominate on Tuesday nights, we are excited to reward our devoted fans with this special three-hour global crossover event that will bring these three heroic – and popular – teams together for a second time. “Our April 4 crossover event will be a non-stop thrilling experience that will keep viewers engaged in ways that only Dick Wolf's FBI world can.” FBI: Most Wanted season 4 continues Tuesdays on CBS in the USA and Prime Video in the UK.