According to travel booking website, Omio, a stunning Spanish city is Europe’s most romantic holiday destination. The team analysed UK searches to find the best hotspots for couples this year. READ MORE: Flight attendant warns 'never use' common hotel room item According to Omio data, Seville in Spain is Europe’s most romantic destination for Britons looking to rekindle the fire. The largest city in Andalucia, Seville has three World Heritage sites and is home to the world’s biggest gothic cathedral. Its top rated attraction on Tripadvisor is the Real Alcazar de Sevilla, a medieval Islamic Palace. A tourist wrote on the review platform: “Do not miss this spot. It is a wonderful place to visit, hard to say what I enjoyed the most." Tourists could also visit the city’s cathedral or wander the winding streets of its old neighbourhood, the Barrio Santa Cruz. In the city’s Plaza de Espana, tourists could rent a rowboat to take to the water for a romantic experience. After a day exploring, tourists could sample Iberian pork, pork cheek or espinacas con garbanzos, spinach and chickpeas. Seville is fairly cheap to reach from the UK with direct flights available from London on Ryanair, BA and easyJet. READ MORE: The UK’s best destination for solo travellers named Verona took second place in the romantic city rankings which is hardly surprising as it’s the location of Juliet’s balcony. The northern Italian city is famous as the setting of Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet and tourists can pose for a photo on the balcony. Visitors can also explore the city’s Roman amphitheatre which hosts concerts and opera performances. Couples could also visit the Giardino Giusti and the Italian gardens are the perfect spot for a spring picnic. Venice took third place on the list and couples could catch a gondola ride for a unique romantic experience. Bruges was the fourth most romantic on the list and the Belgian city is famous for its Lovers Bridge. Paris, the City of Love, took the fifth spot on the list and is packed with romantic activities for couples. All the cities on the list are easily reachable from the UK with Bruges and Paris both simple train journeys from London.