Expats living in three Costa Blanca municipalities have been warned by the police to stay cautious after observing a rise in home robberies over the last few weeks. The nearby areas of Benijofar, Formentera, de, Segura and Rojales have witnessed a rise in the cases of burglaries.  These areas house a large number of British expat residents. Worried about the incidents, the mayors of the three municipalities held a meeting with the Guardia Civil chief based in Almoradi that takes care of the area. The meeting, convened at Rojales Town Hall, was also attended by the heads of the three local police forces. The officials have decided to step up coordination between the forces and the Guardia Civil to try and put an end to the robberies.   While the official did not disclose the number of robberies that have taken place in the municipalities, the investigation carried out by the police was believed to be at a “very advanced” stage. The Olive Press reported that the residents observing any suspicious behaviour from individuals or groups of people are asked to immediately contact the Guardia Civil or their respective Policia Local force. The telephone numbers for the local police are: Rojales – 96 671 51 29; Formentera del Segura – 96 679 26 99; Benijófar – 651856248; and for Almoradí Guardia Civil station 96 570 01 28. The council believes there are around 3,000 unregistered British and foreign nationals out of a 10,000-strong population. READ MORE: Captured Wagner soldier tells how convicts used as 'cannon fodder'  The area has one of the highest percentages of non-Spaniards of any Costa Blanca municipality Earlier this year, a 53-year-old English teacher from Brighton suffered a brutal attack at knifepoint and “lost everything” on November 15 last year while moving house in Seville. Four front teeth were knocked out and nearly all his possessions were taken. Meanwhile, the Costa Blanca police, last month, arrested four members of a Torrevieja home robbery gang. DON'T MISS:New Brexit deal likely to be announced in next fortnight [REVEAL]Local councillor receives ‘offensive’ voicemail about Nicola Bulley [INSIGHT]Furious colleagues of teacher who 'took her own life' [SPOTLIGHT] The four men aged between 30 and 45 years were caught red-handed by the police leaving a house that they had plundered. Last year, a British expat in the Spanish town of Nerja had her purse stolen in a Mercadona supermarket scam. Sixty-four-year-old Marion Talbot had her purse, which contained €600 (£529), stolen in a lift in the supermarket after a thief spotted her typing in her pin number when paying for her groceries. 