Last week, tensions rose in the Love Island villa after viewers watched an explosive recoupling following some of the contestants' time at Casa Amor. However, in a preview of tonight's ITV episode, things are set to get a little heated as disgruntled former partners now have to face each other in the challenge. Housemate Olivia starts the challenge by reading out the text she receives from the show producers. Shouting to the rest of the couple, she reads out loud: “Islanders, it’s time to find out how well you really know each other today's couple challenge.” “Knowing me, Knowing you!” #KnowitOrBlowit #Proofisinthepudding." With Tanya unofficially back with original partner Shaq, tonight’s challenge will be particularly awkward. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue Tanya will have to play alongside her new partner Martin, as Shaq who has no official partner will play host. But will Shaq be able to keep his cool when questions are asked during the challenge? Posing a delicate question to the group, Shaq asks the girls, 'Which Islander does your partner think is least genuine in the villa?' As the girls give their honest opinion and start naming names, the question is, do the boys agree with the girls' revelations, and if not what is in store once the girls have revealed their findings? As the drama unfolds Shaq asks the girls another loaded question that gets the girls questioning their current partner's loyalty. Shaq then goes on to ask, 'Which islander would their partner couple up with if they were not paired with you?' A confident Claudia was convinced that her beau Casey would choose Samie, but when he chooses another Islander, Claudia is left shocked and confused by his choice. The new challenge comes after the shock recoupling saw nine contestants dumped during the original couples' time apart at Casa Amor DONT MISS: Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' [LATEST] EastEnders' couple torn apart as Eve Unwin exposes affair  [LATEST] Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [NEWS] There were tears shed and angry exchanges as the Islanders got a glimpse of what their partners were up to during their time apart. Newcomer Cynthia was left heartbroken after flirting outrageously with a very receptive Casey only for him to stick with his partner Olivia. The contestant savagely shot down any notion of a relationship stating that their connection “Wasn't deep”. One of the biggest shocks of the recoupling was the seemingly solid couple that was Shaq and Tanya.  Shaq decided to stay single only to see Tanya recouple with newcomer Martin. At the fire pit, Shaq explained that he had fallen even harder for Tanya once they were separated from each other. He said: “ I think it just has really shown me that absence makes the heart grow fonder. It showed me how much I really do love her.” Love Island airs weekdays from 9pm on ITV.