Prince Harry, 38, and Cressida Bonas, who is celebrating her 34th birthday today, shared a passion for fitness when they dated between 2012 and 2014. The Duke of Sussex and Meghan Markle seem a perfect match, with similar values and shared hobbies, including hiking and boxing.  However, there is one activity that the Sussexes don't seem to have a joint love of. In his memoir, Spare, Prince Harry shared that he and his ex-girlfriend Cressida Bonas, whom he dated for two years, had a shared love of skiing, going so far as to call the activity "sacred" and "symbolic". Harry wrote that during a trip to Switzerland with Cressida, she asked him about his mother, causing him to cry for the first time since Princess Diana's burial. "Skiing was so sacred for us, so symbolic, especially after our previous skiing holiday, in Switzerland, when she'd miraculously opened me up," Harry wrote. READ MORE: Kate Middleton shrugs off Prince William in ‘awkward’ moment  "It happened late one night, after a long day on the slopes, and a fun time at après-ski. "We'd gone back to my cousin's chalet, where we were staying, and Cress was washing her face, brushing her teeth, while I was sitting on the edge of the bath. "We were talking about nothing special, as I recall, but suddenly she asked about my mother. "I answered her, straight-out, and then started to cry," he shared, before going on to reveal that it was during another ski holiday that he realised his relationship with Cressida was over.   "At some point during that ski trip I'd realised that we weren’t a match," Harry said. "How odd, I thought. Every time we go skiing… a revelation." Despite his love of snow sports, Harry has never been known to ski with Meghan, despite the couple having visited snowy locations. Over New Year's Eve in 2017, the couple took an ultra-private trip to Norway. There, Harry and Meghan reportedly enjoyed seven days of dog sledding, whale watching, and dining on local delicacies. READ MORE: Queen Camilla tests positive for Covid - inside her £3.9million home As noted, skiing was not on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's snow sports itinerary. It's not known whether Meghan can ski, but as someone who is keen on many sports, and has lived in California and Canada, it would be surprising if she was unable to navigate the slopes. Harry's interest in sports and exercise is not the only thing that has changed since dating Meghan. Behavioural expert Darren Stanton spoke to Express.co.uk about Prince Harry's diet and how this has also changed since dating the Duchess. He claimed: “In recent years, it’s reported Harry has ditched junk food, including pizza, and is now embracing the Californian lifestyle by eating healthier foods, like plenty of fruit, and sipping on green smoothies." Mr Stanton added: “Harry’s change in diet could be indicative of Meghan’s influence on him within their relationship to be more adventurous.  "Despite moving Stateside, however, Harry still longs for a touch of tradition and is said to love a Sunday roast, with him and Meghan often cooking a roasted chicken together. "A typically British dish, not only is this reflective of a home connection he still holds dear, suggesting he misses parts of his life back in the UK, but also signifies how Harry chases feelings of nostalgia too.”  