Tucker Carlson has branded Boris Johnson "a coward" after the ex-Prime Minister ducked locking horns with the conservative TV host. Carlson, 53, claimed he invited Johnson, 58, onto his Fox News show to discuss his stance on Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The invitation came after Johnson took aim at Carlson during his Atlantic Council appearance for "frightening" Republicans over supporting Kyiv. Johnson claimed he was "amazed and horrified" that GOP officials could be "somehow intimated by his perspective". In response, Carlson said: "Boris Johnson is a famously articulate man. "He's the kind of guy who can quote Aeschylus from memory in a dinner toast and still make you laugh. So we figured he was perfect. "A few hours before airtime, his publicist called to say that Boris Johnson wasn't coming. JUST IN: Haley knows Trump 'weaknesses' as ex-POTUS prepares to pick off 2024 rivals 'one-by-one' "That meant that Boris Johnson, reputed to be the smartest leader of any English-speaking country in the world, did not want to publicly defend his position on Ukraine. He was afraid to take questions about it." The Fox News host also claimed: "We had just invited Johnson on this show hours before he said that. "It was remarkable and remarkably dishonest. We knew that Johnson himself was a coward. "We watched during Covid as he transitioned into a terrified old woman. But we had no idea he was also a liar. We should have known." However, Johnson's decision to supposedly shun Carlson did not mean he refused to appear on Fox News altogether. The ex-Prime Minister, who was only ousted from office last September, sat down with Bret Baier. But Johnson also slammed fellow Brexiteer Nigel Farage during his media round. He said: "I don’t know if Nigel’s speaking for the Kremlin, but the Kremlin are fabled for their complete refusal to tell the truth about anything that’s happening in Ukraine."  Responding to Johnson's claim, Farage used his GB News show to defend his position. The 58-year-old said: "There's no doubt about it, the Kremlin is very, very good at industrial production of lies but Boris Johnson I'm not speaking for the Kremlin. "That comment is absolutely beneath contempt, below the belt, surely you are a better person than that." Express.co.uk has approached Johnson's spokesperson for comment.