Leeds United have confirmed Michael Skubala will remain as interim manager for the club's upcoming Premier League fixtures. The Whites face two relegation six-pointers in the next 11 days but seem acceptant that they have failed in their initial hunt for Jesse Marsch's replacement. Leeds sacked Marsch last Monday after just two wins in his final 17 league games in charge. U21 manager Skubala stepped in as caretaker boss alongside Chris Armas and Paco Gallardo ahead of the daunting double-header against Manchester United. Leeds looked revitalised as they earned a surprise 2-2 draw at Old Trafford on Wednesday but fell to a 2-0 defeat at Elland Road on Sunday. It was widely expected that the clash would be Skubala's last as interim manager, but his tenure has been extended as Leeds continue to struggle to make a permanent appointment. On Tuesday, a club statement read: "Leeds United can confirm Michael Skubala will continue to lead the men's first team for the club's upcoming fixtures. JUST IN: Southampton next manager - Jesse Marsch 'verbally accepts' job "Paco Gallardo and Chris Armas will carry on supporting Michael alongside the backroom team already in place." The decision presents a huge risk, given Skubala's lack of experience coaching at such a level and Leeds' precarious position near the bottom of the Premier League. Leeds had a five-man shortlist as they set out to replace Marsch last week but were rejected by four and pulled the plug on the fifth. Rayo Vallecano boss Andoni Iraole is the club's first-choice target, and sporting director Victor Orta travelled to Spain to seal a deal. But he turned down the chance to leave Spain before the end of the season when his Rayo contract expires. DON'T MISS Arsenal offer Jesus update for Man City clash as pressure on Nketiah Van der Vaart tells Tottenham that Ziyech would 'solve' their problemsArsenal boss Mikel Arteta rips into PGMOL apology after VAR farce West Bromwich Albion's Carlos Corberan, Marcelo Bielsa's former assistant, responded to Leeds' interest by signing a contract extension at the Hawthorns. Arne Slot decided to stay at Dutch Eredivisie leaders Feyenoord, and ex-River Plate boss Marcelo Gallardo doesn't want to return to football before next season. Former Ajax manager Alfred Schreuder was present at Elland Road to watch Sunday's match, sparking speculation that his arrival was imminent. However, Leeds fans reacted negatively to his potential appointment after he lasted just six months after replacing Erik ten Hag in Amsterdam last summer. And chairman Andrea Radrizzani reacted by ending talks, leaving Skubala in charge for the foreseeable future. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here