Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward departed from London Heathrow this morning for the Cayman Islands, where they were received at the airport by the Governor, His Excellency Mr Martyn Roper. The couple is in the Caribbean to officially open the annual Agriculture Show. Sophie, 58, looked gorgeous in a royal blue ME+EM Frill-Trim Midi Dress, which retails for a whopping £425. The dress is described as: "ME+EM’s effortlessly chic aesthetic couldn’t be better represented than through this dress. "Rendered from a silk-blend composition, the midi-length silhouette is finished with frill trims and gold-tone buttons for an ultra-feminine touch. "How to wear Harrods: Style with loafers and a shoulder bag." READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures The dress is a lush silk dress with a crinkle texture. It is a maxi dress that falls in ruffle-trimmed tiers to the straight hem below the Countess's knees. It is detailed with gold-toned buttons through the centre to adjust the neckline. Overall, Sophie's dress was the perfect choice to wear in the Cayman Islands, where the temperature is 21 degrees Celsius. To accessorise, the Countess was seen carrying an Isabel Marant Oskan Moon Shoulder Bag.   Similarly to her dress, this handbag is a new purchase for Sophie, which is a rarity for the Countess who is renowned for recycling her wardrobe. The description for Sophie's bag says: "As the name suggests, the Oskan Moon bag from Paris-based label Isabel Marant is cut to a fluid crescent shape which sits perfectly under the arm. "Not only is this tactile silhouette pleasingly curvaceous. "But it’s also made from a sumptuously supple leather and punctuated with gleaming gold studs along the outer edge. "Nodding to its much famed bohemian aesthetic, consider it primed and ready for Parisian escapades from day through to evening." The handbag costs a whopping £695, most likely because it is real leather. Although it is not clear which brand of shoes the Countess is wearing, they look very similar to the shoes worn by Kate Middleton when she dropped her children off at Lambrook School in September 2022. Therefore, they could either be the brown suede Jimmy Choo Romy 100 style, or the Gianvito Rossi 105 Gianvito pumps. Sophie and Edward will also be officially launching the Central Caribbean Marine Institute’s new coral fund, which seeks to raise almost £3million to develop the facility. The Prince’s visit comes 20 years after he attended a groundbreaking ceremony for the opening of CCMI’s current headquarters. A long-time patron of the marine research centre, he will also meet with government leaders to discuss climate change and sustainability during the trip. The Earl and Countess are in the Cayman Islands as it is a British overseas territory.