A six-year-old child and a young man in his 20s have died after a motorist ploughed into a crowded bus stop in Jerusalem. At least eight people, including another child, have reportedly been injured in the brutal attack. According to United Hatzalah, a volunteer emergency medical service in Israel, the vehicle drove into the crowd near Samuel's Tomb, in what is a suspected terror attack.  A spokesperson for MDA - Jerusalem's emergency ambulance service - the emergency responders received a call on the 101 hotline at 1.27pm Friday afternoon. Medics and paramedics provided on-site medical treatment before evacuating injured people were evacuated to Shaare Zedek and Hadassah Hospitals.  The perpetrator was killed in the attack, with some reports claiming he was shot dead. Images show a huge traffic pile-up following the horrific incident, as well as bystanders appearing to aim firearms at the crashed car.  The crash hit at a bus stop on the corner of Golda Meir Avenue and Binyamin Mintz in Jerusalem's Ramot neighborhood. MDA medic Shraga Rosenthal said: "When we arrived at the scene, the sight was shocking. "We saw a car near the bus station after it hit pedestrians who were waiting at the station. We saw six victims lying next to each other, among them, two were children about 6 years old who were unconscious with severe multisystem trauma." The ramming attack occurred during a busy time of the week, as families prepared for their Shabbat. READ MORE: Couple leave baby at Israeli airport check-in [REVEAL] MDA added that the other victims included two men in their 30s in serious condition, a man in his 40s in moderate condition, and a 10-year-old boy in moderate condition. The attack came at a time of rising violence in the region. The Israeli military is in the process of an anti-terror offensive in the West Bank to deal with a series of attacks that left 31 people in Israel dead in 2022. Meanwhile seven more were gunned down in a horrific attack in northern Jerusalem on January 27. Their operation has resulted in nearly 2,500 arrests. Israel claims all of Jerusalem as its undivided capital, while the Palestinians seek east Jerusalem, captured by Israel in the 1967 Mideast war, as a capital of their future state. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s office said the premier was being updated on the attack, and had decided to seal the home of the attacker.