One part of the shocking programme saw the 33-year-old breaking down in tears and being comforted by her mother, actress Kate Robbins. As TV star Emily detailed her experiences of her teenage years to her mother on the BBC documentary, she was overcome by emotion and sobbed as Kate assured her it wasn't her fault. Emily's documentary gave an insight into the floods of unsolicited photographs and messages she receives from men online on a daily basis. During the candid conversation with Kate, Emily explained she blames herself for the social media harassment. Opening up to Kate, Emily admitted: "I see the pain in your face when we try and talk about things. "We can't talk about them because it's too difficult." READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit Kate replied: "It's very difficult, the overriding feeling of guilt is a difficult one to explain to people." A choked-up Emily added: "I don't know why I'm getting upset, I think I'm really tired. Sorry it's just so uncomfortable." Approaching her daughter and pulling her into a comforting hug, Kate stated: "It's not your fault, don't blame yourself." Emily went on to recall how she often got drunker than her friends during her younger years as a way of coping with the unwanted attention from men and boys. She admitted she adopted certain behaviours around the opposite sex because she wasn't sure how to respond to them. Emily went on to detail how she had her first sexual experience at the age of 12 with an 18-year-old. She reflected: "What I really want to get out there is that that girl at school, we all know one, the girl who gets more drunk than everyone at a party and she's going off with all the boys, there's another story there. "She's not doing that because she wants to, because she likes sex and getting her boobs out, she feels that there is no other way to be at the moment and she's looking for something in all the wrong places." DON'T MISS... Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Alison’s role in Tommy's ending [THEORY]BBC Breakfast host shut down as co-star insists 'don't need you' [VIDEO]EastEnders heartbreak for Zack and Whitney over tragic news [SPOILER] Explaining at the start of the eye-opening episode why she felt it was time to publicly address such issues, Emily remarked: "Every morning I see a man's penis I haven't asked to see." Footage went on to show Emily scrolling through her phone as she revealed: "This morning I've had 37." She continued: "It's the ultimate disrespect, it's the ultimate thing of going, 'I think you're easy access and you're up for it.'" The former The Inbetweeners star explained things had escalated during lockdown. "I felt sick knowing what I was about to see, and I started to put up these messages on my Instagram," Emily detailed. "I wanted to know how many other people were receiving them, it make me realise it's happening to so many people." Emily appeared on Tuesday's This Morning ahead of her documentary airing that evening and became emotional as she described her experiences to presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield. Emily dissolved into tears as she recalled the messages she received, admitting she worries about exposing the men behind the messages in case she "ruins their life". Emily Atack: Asking For It? is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.