Tyson Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk is now reportedly set to take place at Wembley Stadium on April 29. The historic encounter had been touted for Saudi Arabia; however, attention has turned to England after the Saudis were unable to confirm whether the construction of their new stadium in Jeddah can be completed in time. According to The Daily Mail, Wembley has been booked for the proposed date by organisers with a deadline of this week being set for Usyk to agree on terms with Fury. If a deal can’t be reached, then Fury will face another opponent on April 29. Wembley had always been the backup option if a money-spinning event couldn’t be staged overseas in the Middle East. Earlier this month, all indications were that the fight was heading to Saudi Arabia but that has since fallen by the wayside. "I'm very optimistic the fight is going to happen," Arum told Sky Sports News. "Both fighters have agreed to do the fight, the question is the site and we're talking to the Middle East because allegedly they're going to come up with the biggest purse ever in boxing history. "And if they do, that's where the fight is going to go because money is money. If they don't, both fighters will agree to do the fight this spring at Wembley... but the fight will happen in my opinion, certainly within the first four months of the year. "Fighters want to do the best for themselves because a fighter's career, no matter how great he is, is limited and they want to make as much money as possible. “So that's the only issue - where will the fight be held? I would believe in the next week that will be determined and then we'll have an official announcement of the date and site for the fight - but that fight is happening." The undisputed unification clash was originally expected to take place on March 4 but is now set to for eight weeks later than the originally proposed date. Usyk, a devout orthodox Christian, had originally set Fury a deadline of March 4 to finalise the paperwork in order to avoid training in the run-up to Easter which lands on April 16 this year.