Chelsea have reportedly been rejected by Mauricio Pochettino, with current boss Graham Potter coming under increasing pressure following a dismal run of form from his side. And Pochettino’s reluctance to move to Stamford Bridge could be a hint that he plans to return to Tottenham at the end of the campaign. Chelsea have flattered to deceive on the pitch this season under Potter, with the ex-Brighton manager winning just five of his 17 Premier League matches at the helm. On Saturday, the Blues suffered a 1-0 home defeat to Southampton and are currently 10th in the Premier League table. And Potter has been tipped to lose his job, with the Chelsea Board reportedly split over whether they should wield the axe. With Potter’s future in west London far from certain, Chelsea lodged serious enquiries into Pochettino’s availability, according to 90min. But the ex-defender snubbed the club as he doesn’t think the conditions there are favourable. Pochettino is still a popular figure at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium after he led Spurs to four top-four Premier League finishes during his time at the helm. Tottenham finished second to Chelsea in the 2016/17 campaign and reached the semi-finals of the FA Cup under Pochettino on two occasions. JUST IN: Jorginho opens up on reasons why he ditched Chelsea for Arsenal The Argentine also led the north Londoners to the Champions League final in 2019 after victories over Borussia Dortmund, Manchester City and Ajax in the knockout stages. But they ultimately fell short after being beaten 2-0 by Liverpool in the final. And Spurs were also losing League Cup finalists during the tenure of their former boss. Pochettino’s spell at Tottenham came to an end in November 2019 following a poor start to the season. And he went on to spend a year and a half in charge of Paris Saint-Germain. But he could now be set for a return to north London after being sacked by PSG last summer. DON'T MISS Man Utd dressing room's private reaction to Jadon Sancho treatmentSerena Williams, Hamilton and Rashford glam up for London Fashion WeekGary Neville admits he 'can't get head' around Guardiola decision  Earlier this month, Pochettino enjoyed a round of golf with ex-Tottenham players Ossie Ardiles and John Lacey at Crews Hill Golf Club in London and posted a picture of their get-together on Instagram. He had taken a trip to a London driving range with the duo a few days earlier and also posted a picture of himself and his wife enjoying a walk in the capital after Valentine’s Day. “Post Valentine’s Day,” he wrote on the social media platform. “Walking on sunny London.” Poch’s love affair with London appears to be burning brightly. And there has been plenty of speculation that chairman Daniel Levy would like him to become the club’s manager once again in the summer if Antonio Conte was to leave. Current boss Conte is out of contract at the end of the campaign. And with the team’s form rather patchy this season, the Italian may ultimately be heading towards the exit with no agreement on a new deal in place. 