As the cost of living crisis continues, the number of people looking to make some extra cash has skyrocketed. One way people are doing this is via a side hustle, such as becoming a “Netflix Tagger” - a role many online have described as being their "dream job". TollFreeForwarding.com describes the role of a Netflix tagger as someone who watches TV shows and movies on the platform and then tags them by genre and other descriptors so others on the platform can find content easier when searching. Many have taken to social media sites like Twitter and TikTok to look into how you could bag a role like this and Rachel, 28, was one of these. Speaking to the Mirror, Rachel estimates she has made around £200 a month being a Netflix Tagger and has been doing it for the last six months.  Rachel is a digital marketer from Leeds who discovered the role of a Netflix tagger whilst scrolling TikTok six months ago. At the time, money was a little tight so she was immediately intrigued about it: “I was like 'getting paid to watch Netflix? I'm in!” After doing some research on the role, the 28-year-old found there was actually a bit more to it than what was being shared over social media. She said: “When I looked at how to actually do it you have to generally wait for vacancies on the Netflix website. I kept regularly looking at their careers page for a few weeks until I applied. I'm sure there are tonnes of applicants, but they must have liked my application and background in content writing and digital marketing.” After applying for the role, Rachel had to conduct a video interview as well as complete a few writing tasks and trial runs before she was finally offered the job. Rachel explained that the majority of her work isn’t actually only tagging genres to shows, it is usually writing the synopsis of up-and-coming series and movies that will be released: “For me, cause I've been writing content for a few years in my main job, it's easy, but it isn't for everyone. “You need to know how to write succinctly. I guess the best part is it's unusual and cool, but also really hard to get usually, so it's not something you can generally have a go at. Rachel doesn’t think of it as a "long term" plan as it is "incredibly competitive" and sometimes there is actually "not too much to do".    She said: “I would like to pick up more freelance work but it's just finding the clients and opportunities! It would be cool to write for TV or film publications though as a side hustle in the future.” You should also keep in mind that there may be tax implications if you're earning a lot of money outside your job. There is a trading allowance which means you have to report anything over £1,000 in additional income. See Gov.uk for more information.  