When it comes to making changes to a home, sometimes small changes are the most beneficial and make the most impact. This includes adding some shelving units, switching up the decor or even staining wood flooring. According to Ryan McDonough, interior design expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk, these can all cost under £10. The expert explained: “If you have a matching furniture set in your living room such as a coffee table, television cabinet, and side table try transforming it into an accent table with furniture paint. “It can be tempting to buy a full matching set however it can leave the room without any juxtaposition and a stand-out feature. “Opting for a colour like sage green which is trending would help to modernise your space and give it character. “Don’t forget to sand your furniture before painting it. You can buy sage green furniture paint for just £5 to do this.” READ MORE: Steps to sow tomato seeds successfully - key temperature If you feel like you have too much clutter in the home, with nowhere to place it, consider displaying your favourite items on a shelving unit. The expert said: “If you’re unsure whether you want to keep an item or not, pop it in a bag in your cupboard and see whether you reach for it over the next couple of weeks or months. If you don’t then it’s most likely time to donate or sell it. “Floating shelves are a great way to display things as not only are they affordable, IKEA sells them for just £5, they will instantly add a modern feel to your interiors. This hack is especially useful if you have a small home with very few storage spaces too.” If your hallway has a neutral colour palette but there is room for some statement touches to be made without adding colour, trying out a monochrome theme could be the perfect answer. DON'T MISS:‘Concerned’ property expert shares six energy saving ‘myths’ to avoid [EXPERT]Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ [COMMENT]Kitchen expert shares simple’ changes to make for huge savings [INSIGHT] According to Ryan, this will quickly give your home a “facelift”, elevating the neutral interiors by taking it to the next level. The pro added: “A quick, cheap, and easy way to start doing this is by repainting your hallway mirror frame black to add an instant contrast to the neutral decor. “If you have paint left over you could also paint a shoe rack or console table to finish the look. You can get black furniture paint for just £5.50.” Wooden floors can start to look tired even if you clean them regularly, especially if they are old and you have a busy family home. READ MORE: Steps to ‘breathe life back’ into flat carpets this spring Floors like this can be expensive to replace and can easily be fixed with a varnish which also stains the wood. According to the expert, this can be picked up for as little as £8.19, and it intensifies the colour, turning it into a statement denature in the room. The interior pro noted: “Wood flooring has been trending over the past couple of years and it’s unlikely to stop anytime soon. “If you have it in your home already, it’s a feature you should be enhancing and drawing attention to.” This is especially true if you have herringbone flooring which is expensive to place. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you do wish to place a rug down on your wooden floor, make sure it is big enough so that it doesn’t look silly, but small enough so the floor can still be seen. According to experts at Oasis Interior Design, choosing the wrong rug is one of the most common interior design mistakes people make. They explained: “Rugs are often poorly chosen, usually due to them being too small or the same colour as the floor and sofa. “As a rule of thumb, always buy the biggest rug you can afford. Not only will it look fantastic, but it will be far less inclined to slip. “Fortunately for anyone in the market for a rug, the jump from a medium to large sized rug is usually reasonable and will be a completely worthwhile investment.”