Red Bull are said to be making Ferrari and Mercedes ‘look stupid’ according to former Formula 1 star ​​Juan Pablo Montoya. It was a year to remember for Red Bull, after the Milton Keynes-based team secured both the drivers’ and constructors’ championships in 2022. Max Verstappen proved to be the star of the Red Bull show, as the team’s main man cruised to a second successive world championship. However, the success was built from behind the scenes, with their strategy team playing a key role in their dominance. Red Bull were strides ahead of their closest rivals Ferrari and Mercedes both on and off the track. Ferrari in particular were criticised for their race strategies and decision-making, with former team principal Matteo Binotto losing his job at the end of the campaign. JUST IN: F1 drivers banding together as 'concerns' raised to spark more arguments before new season The same, meanwhile, could not be said for Red Bull though, and this was emphasised by former star Montoya. He told Motorsport.com: “Do you know what the problem is? Red Bull is so good strategically that compared to them everyone else looks stupid. “It’s not that the others don’t know what they’re doing, it’s just that Red Bull is much, much better at determining the right strategy and successfully executing that strategy. And if it ever happens that they make a wrong decision, they know how to play it in such a way that it still works out well for them. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton fears he may never beat Max Verstappen to another titleSky Sports F1 axe pundits Johnny Herbert and Paul di Resta for 2023Mercedes factory mood 'tense' as 'good engineers' leave Silver Arrows  “And if the others make a good decision, they make an even better one. So yeah, how are you going to beat that?” The star behind Red Bull's strategic successes is Hannah Schmitz, and the engineer has received plenty of praise from team principal Christian Horner. “We’ve got a great strategy team here and back in Milton Keynes, Hannah Schmitz running the strategy on the pit wall today,” said Horner. “We’re all supporters of girl power. She’s fantastic; the whole team is. It’s not just about one person.” 