Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag was reportedly handed a 'list of 10 names' as potential transfer targets on deadline day after the club discovered the severity of Christian Eriksen's injury. United maintained a tight ship throughout the January window with Jack Butland and Wout Weghorst both joining on loan. The priority has been to target the summer transfer market with Ten Hag set to be backed financially at the end of the season. But their plans had to be changed in the final few hours of the January window when it was revealed Eriksen would be out of action for several months. The Denmark international was on the receiving end of a dangerous tackle from Andy Carroll in United's FA Cup win over Reading last weekend. And the injury blow meant United dipped back into the market for a temporary replacement for Eriksen. The club moved quickly to snap up an agreement for Bayern Munich ace Marcel Sabitzer to join on loan. The fact United were able to move so fast to get the deal done appears to be due to the club's 'emergency protocol' being activated.  According to ESPN, John Murtough, Andy O'Boyle, Steve Brown and Dominic Jordan immediately reacted to news of Eriksen's injury by moving their attention to the market. And it appears as though a plan was already in place in case of any last-minute injuries. The report states that Ten Hag was given a 'list of 10 names' for players who could potentially be available heading into deadline day. Other than Sabitzer, it's not clear who else made up the full list given to Ten Hag.  The deal for the Austria international also went through quickly due to 'an existing strong relationship between the clubs'. Murtough is said to have been working on building up United's standing with clubs all over Europe ever since taking over as football director nearly two years ago. And Ten Hag is delighted that United were able to bring in a player of Sabitzer's calibre just when they needed it most. "We’re really happy with that transfer because we need it after Donny dropped out [for the season], now Christian Eriksen for a longer time, and for a short time Scott McTominay is not available," he said. "To bring a quality player in on deadline day, that is difficult, we got this opportunity, I know the player for a long time from Salzburg, and especially Leipzig. He performed fantastic. I expect the same here. He has a great attitude, he’s the right age, I’m sure this opportunity will motivate him and he will perform for us."