Laura Hamilton, 40, surprised her fans when she announced she was separating from her husband of 10 years, Alex Goward, in January 2022. However, he appeared to be jetting off to Dubai, according to the Mirror, where the star was holidaying with their children, sparking reconciliation rumours. She has since taken to Instagram to clarify who exactly she is away with. Laura wowed her fans as she took to the picture-sharing app this morning to share a bikini snap from her Dubai travels. The A Place in the Sun presenter put on a busty display in a light blue two-piece, as she posed at the poolside at a prestigious hotel. Laura set the record straight on whether her ex-husband was with her in the caption, in view of her 176,000 followers. She wrote: "My first time in Abu Dhabi and super grateful to have Rocco, Tahlia and Shelley along for the ride! @michelle_smithy191. READ MORE: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap "WOW what a setting... @rixospremiumsaadiyat rixospremiumsaadiyat #pressstay." Laura mentioned her offspring Rocco, eight, and Tahlia, seven, as well as her friend Michelle, but no mention of her ex partner. She previously posted updates as she worked out on the beach alongside her son, while also enjoying a trampoline class with her youngest. While the children's father Alex did not appear on Laura's Instagram, he reportedly posted snaps to his own Instagram account, telling his followers he was also jetting off to Dubai. Despite their split, the former couple has remained close and has enjoyed family holidays together for their children. Speaking to the MailOnline previously, the Channel 4 star admitted that she and Alex went on two trips last year and had a third planned last December. In August, the duo jetted off to Kefalonia, Greece on their second holiday together in three months after previously holidaying in La Manga Club in Spain in May. Then in December, they enjoyed a skiing break in La Folie Douce Alpe D'Huez with Laura posting about the idyllic getaway. DON'T MISS... JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [COMMENT] Richard Hammond skewers ‘mean’ Jeremy Clarkson over farm produce [INSIGHT] Judge Robert Rinder hits red carpet days after 'life-changing' surgery [PICS] She said: "I will say to the kids that we can see this is a challenge but let's try to take something positive from it. "We are going skiing on boxing day together, that will be another family holiday — my ex-partner is coming and the children are really excited about that. "We've always said that we will co-parent our children and continue to have family holidays. I'm really grateful that we've got a fantastic positive parenting approach." Laura announced the end of her marriage on Instagram with a short statement in January last year. She penned: "This isn’t something I ever thought I’d be saying but, after 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated. "Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time." Laura illustrated the post with a picture of a quote reading: "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm.