A Lakeland product has seen customers raving as it only costs 1p a night to run, and gets you 'warm and toasty' in seconds. Dubbed a far more efficient than a heater or electric blanket, M.E.N reporter, Rachel Pugh, was excited to try to the gadget for herself. "Unfortunately, due to the cost of living crisis, last March I was forced to move into a flat with a pre-payment meter," shared Rachel, in a recent article. "In all honestly, it's an absolute nightmare, and to be frank with you, it's scary. "On several occasions I've been forced to choose between buying food or topping up the electric, but given I couldn't work without being able to charge my laptop, the electricity always wins. Even then, I have to be so incredibly careful with what I'm using my electric for. As such, I've never once been able to turn on the central heating. Of course, in the summer months that's fine, but during the winter we just had, I was cold to the point where it made me unwell. "So when I was offered the chance to review one of Lakelend's heated fleece throws, as you can imagine, I was over the moon. Lakeland currently has 20 per cent off its heated throws, which makes for a considerable saving. "According to Lakeland, some heated throws cost as little as 1p a night. So I put that to the test." Here is how she got on.   "They are an investment piece, and having tried one, I highly recommend it. I tried the Lakeland Sherpa Electric Heated Throw in Grey, which is currently reduced down from £89.99 to £71.99 - a saving of £18. "It only costs a matter of pence to run per hour, depending on your electricity supply. I can happily leave my Lakeland Sherpa Electric Heated Throw on for a couple of hours without panicking it's going to drain my electric - something which is rare in today's climate. "The Lakeland Sherpa Electric Heated Throw takes a matter of seconds to heat up, and will keep you warm and toasty for hours. There are 9 different heat settings, and there's also an option to put a timer on for as short or as long a period as you'd like. "I was particularly thankful for the timer, as it means I can put the blanket on for bed safe in the knowledge that it'll turn itself off while I'm sleeping. It also means you won't overheat in your sleep, and wake up a sweaty ball of fire. "My favourite thing about the Lakeland Sherpa Electric Heated Throw is that it got me way warmer than my central heating ever could have. It trumps electric blankets because you can wrap it around yourself without feeling a load of wiring, plus the fleece lining keeps you extra warm - it's luxurious.  "I'm not the only one who's fallen in love with the Lakeland Sherpa Electric Heated Throw, as it's racked up lots of five-star reviews on the Lakeland website. "One five-star reviewer wrote: "Utter luxury and perfect warmth. So pleased with this heated throw that was a fabulous Christmas present." Another said: "With rising energy costs it keeps you warm when watching TV in a cold room. Good quality, well made, feels luxurious. So pleased I have one."  You can buy the Lakeland Sherpa Electric Heated Throw for £71.99 instead of £89.99 here. Alternatively, you can shop the other heated throws and blankets included in Lakeland's 20% off sale here.  