Some members of staff at Manchester United are concerned about the outcome of any potential takeover after several multi-billion-pound bids for the club were submitted over the weekend, according to reports. The Red Devils were put up for sale by the Glazer family towards the end of last year and the Raine Group have been overseeing the process of finding a buyer, which took a huge step forward last week. A number of interested parties met the Glazer-imposed deadline to submit opening bids for the Red Devils on Friday, with a Qatari state-backed consortium seemingly the early frontrunners to buy the club as things stand. The prospect of new owners taking over from the unpopular Glazer family has sparked plenty of new-found optimism at Old Trafford, although it seems that everything is not rosy behind the scenes.Some staff members at the club have reacted with 'apprehension' as to what the outcome will be of the process to seek new investment, according to the Manchester Evening News. It is said that the Glazers are keeping players and staff away from the takeover saga by only dealing with the Raine Group, which has reportedly led to a sense of uncertainty sweeping through the ranks at Carrington.The Qatari consortium are not thought to be interested in purchasing a minority stake in the club and would have plans to rebuild Old Trafford and modernise United's training base, which could add another £1.2billion to the overall investment package. The prospect of some extra money to regenerate the land around the club would reportedly provide important political momentum in the UK as it would match a key government aim of levelling up local communities. JUST IN: Chelsea 'admire two managers' as club make decision on sacking Potter However, not everybody at United is said to be fully convinced about how United would operate with new owners at the helm, regardless of whether the Qatari bid is successful or another party manages to emerge victorious over the coming weeks and months. It remains to be seen how the situation will eventually play out, with the Red Devils expected to be under the control of new custodians by the start of next season at the very latest.The Manchester United Supporters' Trust have already demanded that any prospective bidders commit to keeping Erik ten Hag as manager in a statement issued on Saturday, which also outlined their concerns about a potential conflict of interest that may be sparked by a Qatar-led takeover due to their ties with Paris Saint-Germain. "There are questions about sporting integrity given the exceptionally close links between some bidders and the owners of other European clubs including PSG and Nice," read the statement. "There are also questions about whether any bids will also be based on high levels of debt."We also note the importance that any owner respects the rights of all people, particularly women and the LGBTQ+ community. Concerns have been raised by other fans groups which we fully support. We urge all bidders to open a dialogue with fans groups alongside the bidding process with the club, in order to discuss their proposals including the above issues."Finally, everyone can see the progress the team is making under Erik ten Hag. After the frustrations of the last decade, it is clear that enormous strides are being taken. Any prospective bidder needs to explicitly commit to backing Erik and his plans to restore United to glory." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.