James Bond books such as "Live and Let Die" and "Octopussy" have been rewritten to suit a "modern" audience ahead of 007’s 70th anniversary this year. All of Ian Fleming’s masterpieces containing the charming spy are going to be reissued in April to mark 70 years since the release of the first Bond book – "Casino Royale". The publishers of the books launched a review, drafted by "sensitivity readers" which sought to modernise the books, the Sunday Telegraph has reported. Fleming’s reissued novels will reportedly come with the disclaimer: "This book was written at a time when terms and attitudes which might be considered offensive by modern readers were commonplace. "A number of updates have been made in this edition while keeping as close as possible to the original text and the period in which it is set." Among the racist and sexist parts to be redacted are various depictions of women and black people. READ MORE: BBC insists it is not Shamima Begum’s ‘useful idiot’ The N-word, used by Fleming to refer to black people during the fifties and sixties, has been completely removed from the new texts. In the new version of "Live And Let Die", references to a striptease are removed in a scene where Bond visits a club in Harlem, New York. Despite the redactions, certain dated references remain, including descriptions of other ethnicities. For example, Bond’s negative views of Oddjob, and Goldfinger’s Korean henchman will remain. Don't miss... Scandal-hit police sparks 'loss of faith' with over 100 attacks a day [LATEST] Trans inmates banned from women's prisons [LATEST] Girl claiming to be Madeleine McCann issues DNA test update [LATEST] Phrases referring to "the sweet tang of rape", and "blithering women" who fail to do a "man’s work", and comparing homosexuality to a "stubborn disability" are staying in. Ian Fleming Publications Ltd said the redacted terms will be changed to words that are more acceptable today but keep the texts as similar as possible to the originals. In the disclaimer on the reissued books, it says: "A number of updates have been made in this edition while keeping as close as possible to the original text and the period in which it is set." It comes after the uproar surrounding Puffin Books and the Roald Dahl Story Company’s plan to remove redact parts of the legendary author’s works. Following widespread pressure, Penguin books, which owns Puffin, U-turned on their plans. Francesca Dow, managing editor of Penguin, said: "We've listened to the debate over the past week which has reaffirmed the extraordinary power of Roald Dahl's books, and the very real questions around how stories from another era can be kept relevant for each new generation." 