The third season of Starz’s hit spin-off series is just a month away, and fans can’t wait for Tariq St Patrick (played by Michael Rainey Jr) to return to screens. A brand new trailer for Power Book II: Ghost has promised action, drama and betrayal all to come from St Patrick’s Day next month, as well as the downfall of queenpin Monet Tejada (Mary J Blige). Tariq could finally take down the Tejada crime family as he rises to the top in the next season of Power. Season three will pick up after the death of Monet’s husband Mecca Spears (Daniel Sunjata) and the murder of their son Zeke Cross (Daniel Bellomy). Meanwhile, Tariq is desperate to find a way back to his family and get out of the game, but a new opportunity forces him back into business with Monet. The up-and-coming businessman is getting closer to following in the footsteps of his father, James St Patrick (Omari Hardwick), but one last face-off with Monet could seal his fate for good. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore At the end of the latest trailer, Tariq receives stern warnings from Monet’s daughter Diana (LaToya Tonodeo) and his lawyer, Davis MacLean (Method Man). “It’s Monet again,” Diana tells Tariq. “She’s always the problem.” And Davis delivers an ultimatum: “She has to go Tariq.” Davis’ words are immediately followed by a shot of an assault rifle poking out of a car window. The next shot features Tariq desperately shooting at the back of a fleeing car. Although Tariq will be working with the enemy yet again, could this provide the perfect opportunity to take down the Tejada empire from the inside? Alternatively, his plans to take down Monet’s business safely could backfire, leading him to take desperate measures. Despite his forthcoming clash with the crime boss, Tariq is still determined to clear his name and level up with a legitimate business. DON'T MISS:Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [VIDEO]Carnival Row stars tease new monster in ‘gory’ final season [EXCLUSIVE]African Queen’s Jada Pinkett Smith inspired by Willow for Netflix doc [INSIGHT] At the end of the trailer, Tariq’s grandmother Estelle (Debbi Morgan) tells him: “You’re just like your father.” Tariq angrily turns away and looks at his father’s grave, a stark reminder of his family’s past mistakes. “I’m not like my dad,” he retorts. “I’m smarter than him. Better than him.” New details for the season have revealed Monet won’t be going down without a fight, so fans can expect an epic clash to come over the next few weeks. The synopsis reads: “Monet Tejada, set ablaze by the death of her son Zeke Cross, is willing to pay a hefty price to avenge her firstborn and keep the rest of her children - and the business - in line as she works closely with Davis MacLean to solve Zeke’s murder and keep the feds off her trail. “Business is booming when a staggering reveal forces Tariq to reckon with a betrayal from those closest to him. “And a RICO investigation mounting into the entire drug enterprise, pulling Tariq deeper into the business and even closer to the legacy of his father.” Ghost has already been renewed for a fourth season so, whatever the outcome, it looks like Tariq won’t be running away from his father’s legacy any time soon. Power Book II: Ghost season 3 premieres Friday, March 17 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.