Happy Valley had been away on a seven-year hiatus after its second outing in 2016 and came back with a bang last month. The BBC One drama has had fans hooked since its return with Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) expected to come head to head against her nemesis Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) one last time. Here's everything there is to know about the cast of Happy Valley season three, episode six. Sergeant Catherine Cawood's life was turned upside by the rape and suicide of her daughter Becky (Emily Barnett), thanks to Tommy Lee Royce. As he's escaped from prison, she is bound to want to see Tommy get his comeuppance for good. Actress Sarah Lancashire has been in other popular shows like Coronation Street, The Accident, Last Tango in Halifax and The Paradise, just to name a few. With help from some of his comrades in the outside world, Tommy was able to get out from behind bars and is planning on moving to Spain. But he made it clear at the end of the penultimate episode that he couldn't until he killed Catherine. Actor James Norton has also starred in Grantchester and McMafia, and is favourite to be the next James Bond.  READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending Catherine was betrayed by her sister Clare earlier this series as she took her nephew Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) to see his dad Tommy in prison, behind her back. Actress Siobhan Finneran has been in The Stranger, Downton Abbey, The Other One, A Confession and Cold Feet. Nevison is a wealthy business mogul who has been trying to help the Cawood family since Tommy escaped prison. It has also been teased that he could be a potential love interest for Catherine. Actor George Costigan has featured in Casualty, Line of Duty, A Touch of Frost and Gentleman Jack. Ryan is the grandson of Catherine and the son of Becky and rapist Tommy. Actor Rhys Connah has played Rhys since he was a child in season one and has been in The White Princess with Jodie Comer in 2017 and the 2015 movie The Messenger.   An unexpected face returning for the final episode is Alison Garrs, the mum of series two serial killer Daryl (Robert Emms). She was reluctantly arrested by Catherine when it was discovered Daryl had confessed what he had been doing before shooting her to avoid any jail time. Alison is now out of prison on probation and has struck up a friendship with Catherine. Actress Susan Lynch has been in Save Me, Bloodlands, Unforgotten, Close to Me and Pistol. Frances, who was obsessed with Tommy, will also be returning to the cast for the final episode but it is not yet known why she is going to feature. Actress Shirley Henderson has been in the Harry Potter franchise, The House Across the Street and Bridget Jones, just to name some of her work. Detective Superintendent Andy Shepherd is Catherine's superior, played by Vincent Franklin. Apart from Happy Valley, he has been in Mr Turner, Vera Drake, The Illusionist, Cucumber and The Bodyguard. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [REACTION]Happy Valley's Ryan Cawood isn't a psychopath thanks to one key detail [EXPLAINER]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Alison’s role in Tommy's ending [THEORY]   Neil Ackroyd is Clare's boyfriend who is also a recovering addict that Catherine has been wary of in the past. He has proven his loyalty over the past three seasons but will this continue in the final episode. Actor Con O'Neill was Val in the sitcom Uncle and has been in Chernobyl, Wild Bill and Our Flag Means Death. Rob was introduced at the start of season three as Ryan's football coach whose marriage isn't quite what it seems. He is played by Mark Stanley who has been in The Bay, Game of Thrones and Trigger Point. Becky is Catherine's daughter and Ryan's mum who died by suicide in the first season. It is assumed the final episode will include a flashback moment that will feature her. Actress Emily Barnett one and only credit, according to her IMDb page, has been in Happy Valley. Other cast members include: Faisal Bhatti - Amit Shah Ivan Sertic - Oliver Huntingdon Matija Jankovic - Jack Bandeira DC Harding - Laura Castle Happy Valley's final episode airs on Sunday, February 5, at 9pm on BBC One.