The January transfer window has come to a close and the majority of deadline day deals have been finalised, while the last few moves are being tied up. Express Sport takes a look at the comings and goings following a busy past 24 hours on the market. Chelsea's move for Enzo Fernandez was by far the biggest deal of the day in terms of transfer fee paid. The Blues finally agreed a deal with Benfica worth a British record £107million but neither club are yet to confirm the transfer has gone through. Spurs finally completed a deal to sign Pedro Porro. He has joined on loan, with the move becoming permanent in the summer for in excess of £40m. Arsenal made their third signing of the window, completing the signing of Jorginho for an initial £10m. Fulham finally got an £8m deal over the line for Sasa Lukic, while Crystal Palace announced the arrival of Naouirou Ahamada for just under £10m. Bournemouth have been big spenders, completing a deal for Ukraine defender Illia Zabarnyi for up to £24m. The Cherries have also signed midfielder Hamed Traore on loan from Sassuolo, with the obligation to make that permanent for £26m in the summer. There were plenty of big-name moves either on loan or free transfers. Joao Cancelo was unveiled as a new Bayern Munich player on loan until the summer, while Matt Doherty had his contract cancelled by Spurs to join Atletico Madrid on a free transfer. Fernandez will be regarded as one of the signings of the window, not just of deadline day. Chelsea have pursued the Argentine all month and hope to have got everything in place. Harrison Ashby is a player to keep an eye on after his £3m move to Newcastle from West Ham. Eddie Howe had tracked the player for years, though getting in ahead of Kieran Trippier may be tricky for the 21-year-old. Albert Sambi Lokonga has switched Arsenal for Palace on a loan deal. It could turn out to be a positive move for all three parties as the Belgian's career in north London had stalled somewhat and he has plenty to prove. Porro was Spurs' top target at wing-back throughout the window and Antonio Conte finally got his man. The Italian will be hoping the former Manchester City ace can hit the ground running ahead of a busy February. Manchester United's loan deal for Marcel Sabitzer is set to be confirmed and he will help fill the void left by Christian Eriksen's injury. Meanwhile, Nottingham Forest may have pulled off quite the coup by luring world-class goalkeeper Keylor Navas on loan.  Forest have signed experienced defender Felipe for £2m. However, at 33 years of age, there will be question marks over whether he can cut it in the Premier League. The centre-back has made just three appearances in La Liga this season. Forest also announced the signing of Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle on a two-and-a-half-year deal. But his lack of football and recent injury record is questionable. Meanwhile, Leicester signed young striker Nathan Opoku but immediately sent him out on loan, so he won't be able to help the Foxes until next season at least. Rumours regarding Moises Caicedo's move to Arsenal ceased pretty early on. Brighton were never going to sell this month and the Gunners turned their attention to Jorginho instead. Conor Gallagher has stayed at Chelsea despite plenty of interest in the England star. Everton were reported to have offered £45m but Chelsea chose to sell Jorginho instead. Roma's Nicolo Zaniolo was linked with a host of clubs but will stay put in Serie A. Leeds were one of those interested in the Italian but Jack Harrison remaining at Elland Road prevented that deal from materialising. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 