Under Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, the Government has reiterated its commitment to increasing state pensions annually via the triple lock - meaning the payment will rise by 10.1 percent from April 2023. However, experts are warning this is “unsustainable” in the long term and action may need to be taken to address it. According to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), not every person in the working-age population will benefit in full from the same generosity given to pensioners in the past. This is primarily due to pensions increasing to take up more and more of the country’s wealth. A report by the IFS highlights that the UK’s social security system “has increasingly oriented itself towards pensioners and those with children”. With the triple lock returning, state pension payments are due to receive a significant inflation-hiked boost. Despite this, how long the triple lock will continue to be in place remains to be seen, the IFS believes.  READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come In its report, the think tank states: “The current policy of increasing the state pension each year may well also cause a significant intergenerational transfer: in the limit, this policy is not sustainable (it implies pensions becoming an ever-increasing share of national income). “And it is possible that the population currently of working age will not all end up benefiting in full from the same generosity.” Notably, the IFS reports that the UK also spends more money on “cash transfers” to Britons of working age than policing, education and education combined. Tom Waters, a senior research economist and the report’s author, broke down how things have changed which may result in changes to the pension system going forward. “We spend more than £100billion each year on working-age benefits. About half of it now goes to families in work. “This reflects changes in the underlying nature of low income in the UK, to which the benefits system naturally responds. “We have high employment and chronic low earnings growth, meaning that an increasing share of the lowest-income families contain someone in paid work.” The next triple lock payment increase to the state pension is due to take place in April of this year. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing For over a decade, older Britons have been promised their state pension payments will rise every year. Through the triple lock, the rate at which payments are increased are based either by inflation, average earnings or 2.5 percent; whichever is the highest. This metric was temporarily suspended last year due to average earnings being artificially inflated over the pandemic. However, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed last year the pledge on state pensions would be reinstated to support older vulnerable households. Currently, claimants on the new state pension get a weekly payment of £185.15 once they turn the retirement age of 66. The full basic state pension is £141.85 per week and is received by those who hit retirement prior to April 6, 2016. With September 2022’s CPI inflation figures being used as the metric to raise payments, full new state pension payments will increase to £203.85 a week. On top of this, the basic state pension will rise to £156.20 a week in a few months' time once the triple lock is implemented.