EastEnders wouldn't be the same without the drama of the Slaters from saucy affairs and dodgy dealings, to unexpected pregnancies and feuds galore. The family seems to always be expanding with new members cropping up from time to time, the latest being Freddie Slater (played by Bobby Brazier). To make it all a little more simple, Express.co.uk has a rundown of the Slater family tree. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders. Since New Year's Day, the big storyline for the Slater family has been Stacey Slater' (Lacey Turner) daughter Lily Slater (Lilia Turner) getting pregnant at 12 years old. She is the daughter of Stacey and her ex-boyfriend Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott) who is the half-brother of Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty), making the clothes stall owner Lily's aunt. Lily is also the eldest of her siblings, who are Arthur, the late Kush Kazemi's (Davood Ghadami) son and Hope, the biological daughter of Martin Fowler (James Bye). It does get even more complicated the further you go up the family tree. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal Stacey has brothers Sean (Robert Kazinsky) and Kyle (Riley Carter) who showed up briefly in 2015 before exiting the following year for a job in France. Kyle was the son of Jean's husband who had an affair with a woman called Alison. They also had two daughters Siobhan and Shannon Slater who haven't yet been introduced to Albert Square. They are all cousins to Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) whose dad Charlie Slater (Derek Martin) was the brother of Stacey's dad Brian and the deceased husband of Jean Slater (Gillian Wright). Big Mo (Laila Morse) is Charlie's sister which makes her Kat's nan so she isn't related to Stacey by blood. Kat's sisters are Belinda (Leanne Lakey), Mo (Kacey Ainsworth), who is Freddie's mum, and Lynne (Elaine Lordan). Then there is a whole new family bloodline when it comes to Kat's children. She was raped by her uncle Harry Slater (Dominic Rowan) when she was just 13 years old and had two children as a result, Luke (Oisín Stack) and Zoe Slater (Michelle Ryan). DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm [CAST]EastEnders confirm death of icon in Christmas murder mystery [EXPLAINER]Patsy Kensit flashes engagement ring after millionaire beau proposes [ROMANCE] Luke was adopted by an Irish couple at birth and his name was changed to Dermott Dolan. He never featured in EastEnders but was seen in Kat and Alfie Moon's (Shane Ritchie) spin-off show where it turned out he was a murdering priest. His twin was Zoe who Kat pretended was her younger sister for years until the truth came out in that iconic EastEnders moment in 2001. Tommy Moon (Sonny Kendall) is the son of Kat and Alfie's cousin Michael Moon (Steve John Shepherd) who was killed by his wife Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). Kat's youngest are twins Bert and Ernie who are Alfie's children. Fans will also remember Hayley Slater (Katie Jarvis) coming into the show for a little while as well. She was thought to be the daughter of one of Stacey's dad Brian's siblings, although it isn't known which one. This makes Hayley and Stacey cousins and Kat and her sisters her second cousin. She had a fling with Alfie which resulted in the birth of their daughter Cherry. EastEnders continues four nights a week on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.