All eyes on are Kate, Princess of Wales when she steps out for a public engagement, and while millions want to know what she is wearing, according to a royal etiquette expert, the Princess has a few style tricks up her sleeve to ensure her outfit is seamless. Royal etiquette expert Myka Meier suggested Kate wears strapless and seamless underwear under her outfits for a smooth finish. Myka who trained under a member of The Queen’s Royal Household wrote on Instagram: “Royal Style Hack Alert. “Ever wonder why you never see bra straps?! Swipe to see a secret trick which is a must-have royal wardrobe piece!” A photograph of a nude-coloured strapless shapewear piece was then shown, which she claims is the reason for Kate’s polished look in public. READ MORE: King Charles' ‘subtle and intentional’ fashion change spotted Myka explained more: “Underwear and bras are also considered private intimate wear, and for royals to put intimate apparel on display would simply not be done.” Apparently, “there are a few options” when it comes to hiding bra straps and the shape of the cups, with one being the bra is sewn into the item of clothing, and another is choosing strapless shapewear. Underwear now comes in a huge range of shakes to suit any skin tone so they can appear transparent and won’t be visible through clothing. Myka added: “You want the attention to be on the beautifully tailored and designed garment and not the undergarments. Undergarments showing can take away from an amazing outfit.” DON'T MISS...Tesco employee shares meaning behind new code of fruit and veg packs [VIDEO]Best gadget to ‘hygienically clean’ clothes and ‘kill 99% of bacteria' [EXPERT]Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims [COMMENT] The etiquette professional also discussed the importance for royals such as Kate and Meghan Markle to avoid a visible pant line, or VPL when wearing trousers or tight-fitting dresses. Myka told Fabulous that seamless knickers, undergarments or shapewear are likely to be worn. Should one of the royal ladies opt to wear a flowy skirt or dress, they are said to wear bodysuits as an undergarment to protect their modesty. Meghan is a fan of wearing body suit tops to ensure a seamless tuck into trousers. READ MORE: Crown Princess Mary stepped out looking almost identical to Kate When it comes to heels, the Princess of Wales is frequently on her feet for hours during royal engagements and is said to use at least two tricks to keep her feet comfortable. To prevent her feet from slipping out of her heels, Kate reportedly wears non-slip tights which feature a gel strip across the bottom of each foot to grip the soles of the shoes. Royal fashion fans previously spotted a photo of Kate seemingly wearing the tights while on a royal tour of Canada in July 2011. The photo shows clear, gel-like strips peeking out over the side of Princess of Wales' pointed-toe Tabitha Simmons heels. Kate is also said to wear slip-in leather insoles to cushion the feet. In 2015, an unnamed source told Vanity Fair's royal correspondent Katie Nicholl that Kate had "ordered a couple of packets" of the Alice Bow insoles. "She thinks they are great," the source said. At the time, a spokesperson for Alice Bow told Vanity Fair that the company could not comment on "talk of the [Kate] wearing [its] insoles”. But did say they’ve had a “massive surge in site visits” since Kate reportedly wore them. Queen Elizabeth II, also had a few style tricks; she used to weigh down her hemline with weights. These were reportedly sourced from the curtain accessories section of the department store, Peter Jones.