Jurgen Klopp has hinted that both Ibrahima Konate and Darwin Nunez could make their return to Liverpool's matchday squad against Wolves on Wednesday, but Luis Diaz, Thiago Alcantara and Joe Gomez are still unavailable. Liverpool endured a disappointing run of results and performances last week with the 5-2 defeat to Real Madrid followed by a drab 0-0 draw with Crystal Palace.  Klopp has had to chop and change his squad throughout the campaign due to several injuries to key players and Saturday's match against Palace was no different. Nunez picked up a shoulder injury in the recent 2-0 win over Newcastle and was deemed not fit enough to play against Palace. Thiago has now missed Liverpool's last four matches and doesn't look like returning any time soon while Gomez appeared to suffer a hamstring injury against Real. Neither player are close to making a return to the squad for Klopp, but there is better news on both Nunez and Konate, while Diaz is also closing in on a return. "Let's start with the not-so-positive. Thiago is not. He's in rehab," Klopp said. "Luis, I watched half an hour of his rehab session out on the pitch individually. Shooting, moving. Looks all really good.  "But he was not in team training yet so that's probably the decisive information. Joe Gomez is out with a muscle problem. Ibou trained yesterday completely normal and Darwin as well and now we have to see. "For Ibou, he's had no issues since he was injured we just wanted to give him more training time before we include him again and should be fine. Darwin. We have to see, it's a shoulder. It looked absoluately okay yesterday, but I don't know. Some of the people will tell me how he reaced to yesterday."  Liverpool are in need of returning to winning ways with just a couple months left in the season. They're still nine points adrift of the Champions League places after Tottenham's big win over Chelsea at the weekend. But Liverpool do have two games in hand on Antonio Conte's side, one of which comes tomorrow against Wolves. It will be the fourth time Liverpool have faced Wolves this year alone and lost the reverse Premier League fixture in an embarrassing 3-0 defeat, but Klopp is confident his side can turn things around and clinch a top-four spot. "I really think we are ready. If there's a club who can do it, it is us. What have achieved we achieve together," he said. "We have a future together, a bigger picture. We will strike back in general but have to squeeze everything out of this season." 