Nikki Haley has locked down an endorsement from a key ally of Donald Trump. Trump’s former UN Ambassador launched her 2024 campaign on Valentines Day, becoming the first Republican to break ranks and challenge the 45th President’s bid for re-election. “If you’re tired of losing, put your trust in a new generation”, Nikki said to a South Carolina crowd launching her campaign. And while pitching herself against Trump’s iron grip over the GOP, Nikki has secured South Carolinian Rep. Ralph Norman’s endorsement. The former retail developer and Republican was described as a key supporter of the 45th President, and supported his false claims about the 2020 election being rigged against Trump. Now, in an interview, Ralph hailed the former President’s accomplishment’s in office, but said now is time for a change. "In 2016, President Trump was exactly who the Republican Party needed at the time”, Ralph told Fox News. “For too long, Republicans had been marginalised. Then Trump came along and reminded us how to fight [for] what we believe. “We are better off now for what President Trump accomplished while he was president.” But, he then said: “However, the Republican Party has entered a season of change. “We’re at a pivotal juncture, and most of the Republicans I know are now looking for new leadership. "You always know exactly where Nikki stands. From her time in the statehouse and as governor, there was never a shred of doubt." READ MORE: US admits three UFOs shot down over America likely 'benign' Meanwhile, in an opening salvo indirectly against Trump, she called for mandatory competency tests for politicians older than 75. “In the America I see, the permanent politician will finally retire,” she said. “We’ll have term limits for Congress. And mandatory mental competency tests for politicians over 75 years old.” Trump is 76 years old, while President Joe Biden is the US’ oldest ever head of state at 80. In a statement, Taylor Budowich, spokesman for Trump’s super PAC, said Haley was “just another career politician.” “She started out as a Never Trumper before resigning to serve in the Trump admin,” he said. “She then resigned early to go rake in money on corporate boards. Now, she’s telling us she represents a ‘new generation.’ “Sure just looks like more of the same, a career politician whose only fulfilled commitment is to herself.”