Dom moved to Leicestershire from Thailand after securing a football scholarship to study at the Brooke House College Football Academy in Leicestershire in August. He told his father, Banphot Konkum: “Don’t worry, Dad, I will study hard, I won’t disappoint you.” Dom secured the scholarship after working with manager and former striker, Kiatisuk Senamuang, who encouraged him to apply for the scholarship. Principal of the college, Ian Smith, said in a statement: “This event has left our college community deeply saddened and shaken. We unite in grief with all of Dom’s family, friends, former teammates and those involved in all parts of his life, as well as everyone affected in any way by this loss in Thailand and throughout the college’s global family.  “The college is liaising with statutory authorities and the Royal Thai Embassy in London, and dedicating all resources to assist our student body, as they as young people process Dom’s passing. “Beyond that, we are unable to comment further at this time and would ask for privacy and compassion as we continue to support the students in our care at this time, drawing on the kindness and assistance of the Market Harborough community.”READ MORE: The Rescue REVIEW: A nail-biting story of heroism  In a statement, a Leicestershire police spokesperson said: “Shortly before 1pm on Sunday, police were called to a boarding school in Leicester Road, Market Harborough by the East Midlands Ambulance Service. “The call concerned the welfare of a pupil. The pupil – a 17-year-old boy – was taken to hospital. He has since died. The boy’s death is not being treated as suspicious and a file will be prepared for the coroner.” In 2018, the Wild Boars football team, became trapped in the Tham Luang cave system along with their coach. Stuck in the cave for 18 days, the team and their coach were rescued by an international team of divers. Following their rescue, they were taken to a local hospital where some were treated for lung infections. Dom’s father, Banphot, said he never feared he would die in the cave. He said: “Dom is a team captain. He is a good leader. He’s physically healthy. He exercises all the time, and he has strong self-confidence. His leadership must have calmed the others during that long time in the dark.”  Those know knew Dom have paid tribute to him, including former striker and manager Kiatisuk Senamuang. He said: “I wish you have a safe journey, if you are free, please come to visit me. “Tonight, I will remember all the memories we had. I don’t know when I can fall asleep. I will remember all the memories. I love you so much.” He added: “Dom was very fast, very smart, full of happiness. His voice is still in my ears. He had his dreams. He wanted to be a professional footballer, he wanted to be an international footballer.” Ekkaphol Kanthawong, the coach trapped alongside Dom in the cave in 2018, paid tribute to him on Facebook. He wrote: “Didn’t you ask me to cheer you once you’re in the national league? Why did you break the promise? Didn’t we make all the plans when you come back to play football and go cycling with us? “Since you were young, you kept saying that you wanted to play in the national league. Why didn’t you do as you said? Rest in peace my little brother, if the next life exists, we will see each other again, Dom.” The Royal Thai Embassy in London also conveyed its “deepest sympathies” adding: “Our heartfelt condolences to Dom’s family for the passing of their loved one.”