Your pyjamas may seem clean after wearing them to bed once or twice, but neglecting to put them in the wash often enough could be worse than you think. While the cost of doing laundry has left many people cutting back on how often they wash bed sheets and other garments, loungewear experts have urged Britons to reconsider their nighttime habits. They explained that the "closeness" of fabrics to your skin means you probably need to clean them more than you are already. The debate over how often you should change your bed sheets is a long-standing controversy for many people, despite many professionals agreeing that it should be done on a weekly basis. But when it comes to pyjamas, you may be wondering exactly how often they need to be washed to keep them clean. The team at luxury women's loungewear brand, Pretty You London explained that, unlike underwear and socks which are laundered after every use, it can be harder to determine when your nightwear is ready to be changed. A spokesperson for the loungewear experts said: "Pyjamas are the only intimate clothing we wear on a regular basis, with many people wearing them as the only layer and without underwear beneath. "This closeness to our skin and other parts of our bodies for six to eight hours per night under bedding makes them an ideal breeding ground for bacteria and other germs." READ MORE: 'Brighten dingy whites' with 99p ingredient - it's not baking soda If you have a favourite pair of pyjamas that you wear to bed most nights, it's likely that you're not changing them as often as you should. The Pretty You London experts noted that while there is "no one rule" that "fits everyone", wearing the same set for three to four nights is generally an "acceptable" amount of time before needing to wash them. Their spokesperson added: "If you are only putting your pyjamas on after getting in the shower or a bath before going to bed then you may be able to wear them for five to seven days before needing to wash them. "If you wear different sets of pyjamas for different parts of the day and for only short periods of time then it really comes down to a judgement call of when you should be washing them, but we would always advise as a good rule of thumb is once per week." DON'T MISS...Asda shoppers hail 79p product that turns yellow bedding bright white [INSIGHT]Bedding experts share how often you should be washing your sheets [REVEAL]Kitchen item that ‘works like magic’ to remove yellow duvet stains [TIPS] While you may not always use loungewear to sleep in, the clothing experts noted that it should be treated similarly to the clothing that you do wear to bed. Garments worn while you're simply lounging around can often be worn for longer periods without washing if you change into different attire before hitting the pillow. However, if you are prone to sweating or have sensitive skin, loungewear experts recommended increasing the frequency of your bedroom laundry routine. They said: "As well as this, consider how much contact you have from your skin to the pyjama if you are sweating as that will impact how often you need to wash them as well." READ MORE: ‘Quickest’ and ‘easiest’ method to ‘prevent’ towels smelling ‘musty’ "If you choose to wear the same pair of pyjamas that you are relaxing in through the evening and then wearing them to bed you will need to wash them after every use as it's very likely there will be naturally occurring body oils, perspiration and bacteria beginning to build up." When it comes to laundering your nighttime wardrobe, you should follow the same advice given for washing dirty towels and bedding. Though it is slightly more expensive, a hot was at 60C or higher is best to cleanse the fabrics. However, if you prefer a cool wash (which can provide a softer feel to clothes) be sure to add a laundry product that has disinfectant to kill harmful bacteria. If you own a pair of silk pyjamas, you should change the way you wash them to avoid ruining the smooth, cosy fabric. An expert at Sleep Advisors said: "As you can probably imagine, silk fabric requires special care. Most of the time, you'll need to hand-wash silk items, including your pj's, although sometimes you could get by with using a washing machine on a delicate cycle if you use the mesh bag to protect the fabric from abrasive damage. Dry cleaning also might work. "If you really want to keep your pyjamas or any other piece of silk clothing nice and good-looking for a long time, you'll avoid machine wash – even on a silk setting. Instead, you'll want to wash them in lukewarm water." Simply fill the sink up with 30C water and soak your bedtime set. Add a splash of distilled white vinegar or a silk-safe detergent. Soak for three minutes, rinse and leave to dry.