With only six celebrities remaining in the ITV show, the competition is heating up for the Dancing on Ice contestants. Although The Wanted’s Siva Kaneswaran returned to the ice last weekend, the bookmakers’ latest odds show the 34-year-old could be the next star to leave the show. After falling ill in week five of the show, Dancing on Ice fans learnt The Wanted singer would have to skip one week while he recovered. Returning in time for Movies special week, Siva and his professional skating partner Klabera Komini earned a respectable score of 32.5 out of a possible 40 from the four judges. However, their routine to A Little Less Conversation by Elvis Presley failed to impress viewers at home as they found themselves in the skate-off against comedian Darren Harriott. Despite the panel unanimously deciding to save the singer, and sending Darren home, it looks as though Siva could be in trouble once again. READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error   Ladbrokes have shared their latest predictions which show that Siva has odds of 1/2 to be sent packing this evening. The only other celebrity most likely to be sent home in week seven is Coronation Street’s Mollie Gallagher with odds of 3/1. Each other star left in the competition has odds of 6/1 or bigger with Joey Essex at 50/1, The Vivienne at 6/1, Nile Wilson ad 66/1 and Carley Stenson at 20/1. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Siva's exit odds are at an All Time Low with Dancing On Ice punters convinced his time is up."    Despite Siva being the favourite star to be eliminated this weekend, Oti Mabuse had nothing but praise for the singer after his return to the ice last Sunday. Being the only judge on the panel to award him 8.5, with the remaining three awarding him an 8, Oti told Siva she was proud of how far he’d come. Giving her feedback to the contestant, she commented: “When I see you skate I remember where you started in week one and where you are today and how far you’ve come. “I said that you were the model student and you work hard, it is starting to pay off because you are doing the most intricate programme, she (his partner) is challenging you and she’s not going easy on you. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Aaron Sandford star on future after rape plot [INSIGHT] Strictly’s Janette Manrara ‘over the moon’ about becoming a parent [VIDEO] BBC Breakfast fans blast Keir Starmer's 'sticking plaster' interview [REACTION]    “You’re doing it full out, I’m really really proud of you, well done.” Informing host Phil Schofield that he was absent due to a chest cough, Siva told the live audience it was great to be back competing in the show once again. This Sunday, the remaining stars will participate in prop week which will see each couple incorporate an item into their routines. A snippet of the stars rehearsing on Dancing on Ice’s official Twitter shows The Vivienne with a racing flag and Joey Essex with a surfboard.   Mollie and her partner have opted for a metal trolley, Carley will be skating with a white feather boa, Siva will be using a wooden oar and Nile has chosen a metal framed bed. Last weekend comedian Darren Harriot became the fifth star to leave the competition following on from EastEnders’ icon Patsy Palmer leaving the prior week. Other celebrities that have been eliminated so far also include Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, Michelle Heaton and John Fashanu Dancing on Ice continues Sunday on ITVX and ITV1 from 6:25pm 