Chelsea defender Cesar Azpilicueta was taken off with a serious looking injury after a horrendous clash during their Premier League clash with Southampton. The club captain suffered a nasty blow to the head inside his own penalty area after an accidental collision with Saints forward Sekou Mara and was unable to continue as medical staff treated him on the pitch. The incident occurred when Azpilicueta and Mara challenged for an aerial ball from a corner and Azpilicueta immediately hit the ground, with both sets of players gesturing to the bench to come onto the pitch. Replays showed the Southampton player had struck the Chelsea man in the face with his boot after attempting an overhead kick. The Blues player was seen lying on the floor and barely moving, while Mara clutched his face but managed to walk away unhurt. Ben Chilwell and Jan Bednarek were amongst those who attended to Azpilicueta before the medical staff entered the pitch. READ MORE: Chelsea star Silva rages at 'disrespectful' comment about team-mate The 33-year-old was down for 10 minutes in total and required oxygen as he was treated by the club's medical staff on the pitch in concerning scenes.  Azpilicueta was eventually carried off on a stretcher, with his head appearing to be placed in a neck brace such was the seriousness of the injury. The defender was given a warm reception from both sets of supporters as he was substituted. Chelsea head coach Graham Potter was forced into a change, bringing on Trevoh Chalobah as Azpilicueta was taken off the pitch. Referee David Coote decided that 12 minutes would be added on at the end of the match as the hosts chased an equaliser. But it proved to be a nightmare day for the hosts, with Potter now under intense pressure after just two wins in 14 games. DON'T MISSMason Mount's thoughts on chucking away Chelsea legacy to join Man UtdChelsea adopt new plan as Andrey Santos denied work permit againGraham Potter has already received clear Jose Mourinho warning The struggling west London outfit put in another poor display in the first half as Potter made significant changes to his team, resting Reece James and Thiago Silva and handing a first start to David Fofana up front. James Ward-Prowse produced a trademark free-kick right on the stroke of half-time to give the Premier League's bottom side the lead. Potter reacted by bringing on Raheem Sterling and Wesley Fofana at the break. Sterling twice went close while Kai Havertz and Conor Gallagher also had chances to equalise, but Potter's men could not find the target as they headed towards a fourth game in five that they have failed to score. The result leaves them 10th in the Premier League and they could lose further ground on the top four when Newcastle play Liverpool later today. But concerns over Azpilicueta's health and ensuring his safety will be the priority today.