But it is true, nonetheless. Following the spectacular downfall of Nicola Sturgeon, in part thanks to his torpedoing of her crackpot gender legislation, Mr Sunak has attempted to further strengthen the integrity of the United Kingdom by bringing back a measure of stability to the politics of Northern Ireland. If he’s able to reach an agreement over reform of the Northern Ireland Protocol in the Brexit agreement which satisfies most Unionists, this would undoubtedly be another feather in his cap, whatever quibbles a hard core of constitutional purists might have. No doubt the DUP and other Unionist parties will play hard to get – they are, after all, past masters at extracting concessions in negotiations. Yet it is now quite likely that Sunak will reach a deal that will be part fix, part fudge, but good enough to put to bed the issue of the “Irish Sea border”. And despite warnings of a looming “summer of discontent” as strikes continue, the Prime Minister’s unflappable demeanour will surely soon start to feed into the calculations of trade union bosses about how long their members will continue walking out on command. They will know there is nothing so damaging to their bargaining position as a strike that fizzles out. So a window could be about to open for sensible and doable pay deals too. With new official figures this week also indicating that inflation is firmly on the way down and could fall quickly over coming months, might there now be a basis for thinking that the green shoots of recovery in Conservative political fortunes are starting to peep through? Of course, that’s not what the opinion polls say – they still put Labour on average more than 20 points ahead and therefore headed for a landslide majority. But does anyone really think Keir Starmer’s party has sealed the deal with the British public? It doesn’t feel that way to me. At the very least, there are signs that the Tories have emerged from an extraordinary “circular firing squad” phase which saw their MPs assassinate two duly elected leaders and then sparked speculation that the ultimate beneficiary, Sunak, could be on target for a tit-for-tat revenge hit. Local elections due in early May are still likely to be bloody for the Conservatives and Boris Johnson is never slow to parade his attractions, but the prospect of yet another whirl of the Downing Street revolving door is rightly starting to recede. Most Tory MPs seem to realise it would turn them into a national laughing stock. For good or ill, they are stuck with “Reasonable Rishi” and must hope that having a Captain Sensible at the helm after so much chaos can gradually restore their electoral prospects. It looks like the Prime Minister is on course to fulfil his three core economic pledges before an election in autumn 2024: to halve inflation this year, to get the economy growing again – even if only fractionally – and to start bringing down public sector debt. The one merit, politically, of the NHS having plunged into such a sorry state this winter is that this makes his health policy pledge – to cut the time people wait for treatment and consultations – easier to achieve as well.  This leaves the last of his key pledges, on the touchstone issue of stopping the Channel boats, as potentially decisive. For anyone who has not been following developments in recent weeks, the update is not favourable. Despite his much-heralded new deal on coastal policing with France, dinghy arrivals this year are actually running ahead of the same period last year. The landing of 204 arrivals on Tuesday took the 2023 total so far to 2,517, compared to 1,352 at the same point in 2022. If we carry on down this path then the numbers coming will not just exceed last year’s 45,500 but will top 80,000. So the fate of imminent new legislation to expressly ban illegal arrivals from claiming asylum and ensure their swift removal from the UK will prove decisive. If Sunak loses his nerve over it then he and his party are indeed headed for annihilation. But if he delivers then they will be back in the game.