Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is to resign from her position after holding the post for more than eight years. She has served as leader of the Scottish National Party (SNP) since November 2014, taking over from Alex Salmond following Scotland’s independence referendum. But how do you rate her time in office and was she right to resign? Vote in our poll.  Ms Sturgeon has faced several political setbacks in recent weeks including the UK supreme court blocking her plans for a second independence referendum and a row over transgender rights after a double rapist was sent to a female jail. Speaking at Bute House in Edinburgh on Wednesday morning, February 15, she said that the “time is right” for her to step down, adding that it is something she knows “instinctively”. She acknowledged that the “decision is not a reaction to short-term pressures”. She explained: “I know it might seem sudden but I have been wrestling with it with oscillating levels of intensity for a few weeks.” Ms Sturgeon added: “My decision comes from a place of duty and love.” Ms Sturgeon will remain in her post until her successor takes office. Polling expert Professor Sir John Curtice from Strathclyde University told the BBC that there “isn't an obvious successor”. The favourite to take over as First Minister is Angus Robertson, Scottish Cabinet Secretary for the Constitution, External Affairs and Culture, with odds of 6-4, according to bookmaker Coral. Scottish Cabinet Secretary for Finance and the Economy Kate Forbes has odds of 5-1, while Scottish Cabinet Secretary for Health and Social Care Humza Yousaf has 8-1. Meanwhile, Deputy Leader of the SNP Keith Brown has odds of 10-1, Deputy First Minister of Scotland, John Swinney has 14-1. SNP’s Edinburgh South West MSP Joanna Cherry 16-1 and Scottish Labour MSP Anas Sarwar has odds of 6-1. Coral’s John Hill said: “Angus Robertson is a senior figure in the SNP and he is the early favourite to replace Nicola Sturgeon following her resignation. We have also seen some early support in our betting for Kate Forbes and Hamza Yousaf.” So what do YOU think? Has she done a good job as First Minister? Was she right to resign? Who should replace her? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.