McLaren boss Zak Brown has accused F1 rivals such as Red Bull and Mercedes of being “short-sighted”. He hit out at team bosses including Christian Horner and Toto Wolff for failing to back Andretti’s plans to enter F1. McLaren has so far supported the fellow American squad despite other constructors' opposition to the plans. Brown told Autosport: “I’ve found some Formula One teams are very short-sighted in their view on not taking a longer-range view of what are things that can grow the sport, and they kind of think about the here and now. “Unfortunately, I’m not surprised some of our competitors are quite short-sighted in their thinking.” Andretti is actively pushing to secure a slot on F1’s grid ahead of the 2026 regulation changes after the FIA opened expressions of interest. However, Wolff has been one of the most vocal opponents due to concerns entries could “dilute” the sport. READ MORE: F1 boss holds crunch talks with Andretti amid Toto Wolff opposition The Austrian has claimed that Andretti needed to demonstrate what they could bring to the F1 table before being granted entry. Currently, teams split the commercial rights as prize money at the end of the season. But, the emergence of an extra squad means the same pool would be divided 11 ways instead of 10. Brown has previously rejected Wolff’s criticism due to Andretti’s “rich history” in other categories. Horner has also voiced his concerns, suggesting someone would have to make up for the loss of prize money. He explained: “As with all these things though, it ultimately boils down to, ‘Well, who’s going to pay for it?’ DON'T MISSHaas boss Guenther Steiner sees 'no benefit' in Andretti joining F1 [COMMENT]Toto Wolff and Christian Horner can block new teams joining F1 [INSIGHT]Christian Horner calls out Ben Sulayem amid uncertainty over Andretti [ANALYSIS] “And you can assume that the teams if they’re perceived to be the ones who are paying for it –– or diluting their payments to accommodate it — of course, it’s not going to sit that well.” F1’s Concorde Agreement already states new entries have to pay a one-off £167million ($200m) anti-dilution fund when joining. However, F1 chiefs are now in discussions around increasing this value when the next contracts are signed. Despite his support, Brown has also called for Andretti to fund a “franchise fee” on entering the sport. He commented: "Our general view is that so long as a team is additive to the sport, whether it's an 11th team and/or a 12th team, and can help make the pie bigger, drive greater awareness and we all get more sponsors, we get more media deals, and they pay what's a fair franchise fee, which all sports have, then I see no reason for them not to join.”