On Tuesday, host Whoopi Goldberg finally returned to ABC’s hit talk show, The View, following her lengthy absence. While fans were pleased to see Whoopi make a comeback, the excitement soon turned to rage as the conversation turned to married couples.   Since Wednesday, February 22, Whoopi had been noticeably missing from the show’s panel. On the episode, her co-host Joy Behar explained: “Whoopi’s still out coughing, you’re stuck with us.” However, the actress appeared to make a full recovery as she returned to her regular spot beside Sara Haines, Ana Navarro, Sunny Hostin and Alyssa Farah Griffin. During the talk show, the panellists spoke about a recent article which suggested couples should give themselves a “marriage audit". READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed' A visibly unimpressed Whoopi introduced the topic: “A new article in the UK Times, therapists are encouraging long-term couples to give themselves a marriage audit, to take stock of the relationship.” As her co-host could be heard laughing, Whoopi spoke in a high-pitched voice and added: “Asking questions like, 'Do you kiss each other hello and goodbye?’ "Do you still make an effort with your personal appearance and stuff? “And is sex fun or is it a chore?”   To which, Ana admitted: “Depends on the day.” "Is this worth it to do this now and then?" Whoopi asked: "What the sex or the question?" However, viewers raged at the 67-year-old’s expressions and voice during the segment. Taking to Twitter @gramfurn wrote: “So, of course, we'll see Whoopi's uninterested expression during this sex topic! Sometimes I kinda try to avoid, but still! Just sayin.” (sic) DON'T MISS...BBC facing calls for investigation into Ken Bruce's 'insensitive' exit [REACTION]The View host calls for help days after Goldberg's 'awkward' outburst [INSIGHT] Goldberg admits she 'switched off' Super Bowl in huge rant [INSIGHT] @TheSistahChick tweeted: “Whoopi tweaks whenever a discussion about marriage comes up.” A third viewer asked: “Why was Whoopi so rude during that marriage segment? #theview.” Despite the backlash, other fans took to social media to share their opinion on the marriage audit topic. This included @Richard78763566 who remarked: “After 30-plus years, she knows everything.”  During the discussion, Sunny reflected on her own marriage as she admitted: “I didn’t like this to be honest. “I started looking at this stuff and was like ‘Oh my marriage is jacked up,’ and I was thinking I’ve got a nice, beautiful marriage, it been 25 years and stuff.” While Sara shared that the marriage audit gave her food for thought: “I really liked it for this reason, it helped me a little.” Responding to Sunny’s disbelief, Sara added: “It was a nice way to check in on what you’re doing or not doing.” The View continues weekdays on ABC in the USA. 