A rare car with a royal connection has been restored to full working order. The project was dubbed the "toughest ever" by motor firm Flying Spares, who had no idea the vehicle belonged to a member of the Bahrain Royal Family. The Leicestershire business took on the task without question after they were called by a Bentley dealer about the rare Bentley Brooklands Coupé RS60 and its broken V8 engine. It was feared the car was beyond repair, and while Flying Spares agreed to give it a go, the firm did not initially realise the car was based in Bahrain, reports Leicestershire Live. Several weeks after agreeing to the challenge, the engine arrived in a number of boxes and resembled a "high tech jigsaw puzzle" according to Flying Spares bosses. The firm’s technical services division manager, Andy Thwaites, said: "We like a challenge, so we said we’d take a look. "[The boxes] contained not only the engine but the gearbox, turbos, wiring loom and all kinds of ancillaries. "It was a high tech jigsaw puzzle." Andy and the other members of the Flying Spares team then looked over the many boxes with a close eye at their workshop in Market Bosworth, Leicestershire. After much investigation, they found the fault with the roaring V8 engine - a shattered camshaft follower which is known as a hydraulic tappet. The broken part had caused extensive damage around the cam of the engine and meant that the V8 had to be stripped down by the firm. The main block of the engine had to be sent away to be repaired and line bored, but the rest of the work was undertaken locally. The reconditioning project involved the creation of a new tappet from scratch. Once it was crafted, Mr Thwaites said the firm ensured that the Bentley quality was there as they "triple checked and measured" every part of the engine to ensure it matched to the car firm’s exacting specifications - making it their "toughest ever" project. He said: "Then came the moment of truth. "We bolted on the necessary components and to our great relief it worked perfectly, with good oil pressure and compressions. "The next question was how best to transport it." That was much easier than the engine job as Flying Spares created a wooden crate especially for the engine before it was taken back to Bahrain. It was only when it returned there that the firm was told the client was none other than a senior member of the Bahrain Royal Family. However, their exact identity is unknown. Mr Thwaites said: "It was an incredibly intricate build, certainly the toughest recon project I’ve ever worked on. "It’s fair to say that not many workshops in the world have the tools and technical expertise to complete such a challenge, so I’m incredibly proud of the team. It’s a great achievement." 