Call the Midwife is back on BBC One this weekend for the final instalment of season 12. While new babies come into the world at Nonnatus House, Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) is getting ready for her big day. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who the star was married to in real life. The season 12 finale sees Trixie's friends and family come together to support her on her wedding day. After a few hiccups and bumps in the road, she will finally walk down the aisle with Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix). The big day has been a long time coming for fans and they were left in awe after Trixie's beautiful wedding look was teased. Off-screen, the actress is in a relationship with her Call the Midwife co-star, Jack Ashton. They have been together since 2016, but Helen was previously married to someone else. READ MORE: Call the Midwife star 'surprised' at renewal having 'planned for end' From 2011 until 2015, she was married to actor Oliver Boot, known for both his stage and screen roles. His TV credits include Distant Shores, Holby City, My Family and Endeavour. The former couple parted ways in 2015 and the news of their split came when Helen reached the quarter-finals on Strictly Come Dancing. She told Daily Mail's You Magazine in 2021 how she hated being in the media spotlight at the time. She said: "Going through a divorce is awful. I'd been asked to do Strictly and, strange as it sounds, I thought it would be like a sort of therapy after my divorce. "I'd spoken to quite a few people who said how it really helped them through difficult times. "You are focused on this one thing, it's an emotional journey. I was so naive that I thought no one would be interested in me, so that was a shock. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife favourites confirmed to return despite exit fears Call the Midwife stars detail 'heart-stopping' wardrobe malfunction Call the Midwife's Helen George teases 'tragedy' in emotional finale "I soon realised I didn’t want all that celebrity stuff." Helen and her now-partner Jack went on have two children together, Wren Ivy and Lark. Lark turned a year old in November 2022 and Helen's pregnancy journeys had not been easy. She has previously opened up about her struggle with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). The liver disorder means the bile acids do not flow properly from the liver to the gut to help digest food. Jack shared a heartwarming tribute for his wife and their eldest daughter on Instagram. As Helen was performing in The King and I, he said on Instagram: "Took a gaggle of kids and their parents (who happen to be some of my oldest and dearest friends) to watch the @thekingandiuk in Wimbledon yesterday. "My little girl got to see her Mummy do something extraordinary. I’ll not forget her face in a while." Call the Midwife returns to BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.