A number of driving laws have already been unveiled since the start of 2023, with drivers being affected by daily charges from Clean Air Zones, as well as the potential for an enormous fine. Express.co.uk rounds up all of the new driving law changes and what they mean for drivers across the country. Drivers in and around Tyneside - Newcastle and Gateshead - saw charging for its Clean Air Zone begin in January with the most polluting vehicles paying either £12.50 (vans and taxis) or £50 (lorries, buses and coaches) per day. The Clean Air Zone was formally launched in November 2022, but motorists were given a “grace period” with charges beginning on January 30, 2023. Sheffield will be the next city to see a Clean Air Zone when it launches tomorrow, Monday, February 27, although private cars will escape any charges. READ MORE: Classic car owners issued warning over seatbelt laws or risk fines From January 1, all private hire vehicles licensed in London are required to be zero emission capable for the first time. This is central to TfL's role as a strong, green heartbeat for London, supporting progress towards the Mayor's ambition for a net zero-carbon city by 2030. The previous requirement that came into force at the start of 2020 was that all vehicles under 18 months old and licensed for the first time had to be zero emission capable. DON'T MISSElderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning [WARNING]Urgent warning as 'crash for cash' fraud rates spike [SHOCKING]Elderly drivers taking mandatory fitness tests may reduce car crashes [INSIGHT] Following February 13, penalties were increased for drivers who are found to be carrying a "clandestine migrant", while a new penalty will be introduced for failing to adequately secure a goods vehicle. The maximum penalty per migrant could be as high as £10,000, with the new reforms being part of the UK Government’s continued fight against illegal migration. The British Vehicle Rental and Leasing Association urged drivers to make sure that all locks and security features are working to ensure they avoid the fine. READ MORE: E10 warning as greener petrol can 'prevent fuel reaching engine' Driving examiners and vehicle testers took part in Civil Service strike action on February 1, 2023 as part of national industrial action by the PCS union over pay, pensions, jobs and redundancy terms. The strike action affected driving and motorcycle tests, approved driving instructor (ADI) and motorcycle instructor tests and checks as well as the DVSA’s customers service centre. More than 1,600 members of the PCS are set to engage in 10 days of further strike action from March 6 to March 28, across England, Scotland and Wales. London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced a £110million scheme to help those being affected by the expansion of the ULEZ in 2023. The scheme, which was opened on January 30, 2023, is open to Londoners who receive benefits or small businesses and charities registered in the capital. More recently, Mr Khan has called on Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and the Government to match the scrappage scheme total of £110million to help drivers in and around London.