Manchester City figures reportedly expect Pep Guardiola to have already left his post as manager before the club is dealt sanctions for financial breaches. The Premier League has accused Man City of 115 breaches across nine seasons after a four-year investigation from 2018 to 2022. KC Murray Rosen will chair a three-member commission headed by a senior lawyer before the February 24 deadline to respond to the charges. City must debunk alleged mismanagement of sponsorship income, revenue sources, and manager and player remuneration. They have also been accused of breaking Premier League profit and sustainability regulations and not complying with UEFA Financial Fair Play. The Premier League has added that the Citizens failed to cooperate with its investigation into the financial breaches from 2009 to 2018. And the situation has amassed a dark cloud of uncertainty over Guardiola's future at the Etihad Stadium. According to The Athletic, City staff believe the Catalan coach will have already departed when judgement day for the biggest scandal in Premier League history arrives. JUST IN: Prem one-hit wonder who was 'better than Messi' disappeared four times  Guardiola was among a small group of senior figures to learn of the allegations before they were published on Monday morning. But the majority of City's employees, including players, found out via the media, friends, family and team-mates. And there is now widespread worry in east Manchester about the punishments potentially on the horizon. City could be dealt with points deductions, spending limits and transfer bans, but they could be the more lenient of the potential outcomes. The six-time Premier League champions could have their titles stripped, and expulsion from the top flight isn't out of the question either. DON'T MISS Man Utd stars on collision course with coach they nicknamed Ted LassoMan City send staff message in 'urgent meetings' as club declare warMan City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty In 2020, after UEFA handed City a two-year Champions League ban for allegedly breaking FFP rules, Guardiola defended the club. However, even after the Court of Arbitration cleared City of all charges five months later, he vowed that he would walk away if he learned that he had been lied to. He said: "I said to them, "If you lie to me, I am not here. I will be out. If I defend the people and the club, it's because I work with them. "When I ask about suspicions or if our people have done something, then I say to them, 'tell me'." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here