Ricky Gervais, 61, showed fans his usual “backstage demands” in a new Twitter post shared in view of his 15.1 million followers. The After Life writer and actor shared a photo of his unlikely choice of snacks, which included a bottle of red wine, behind the scenes of his Armageddon tour. He uploaded the snap joking that the request to his promoters is made in “a show of power” as “an international comedy mega-star”. The picture featured a bag of salted peanuts, a bottle of red wine, two bananas and some Gaviscon tablets, which treat heartburn (acid reflux) and indigestion. Along with the photo, Ricky wrote: “When you are an international comedy mega-star, it is inevitable that your backstage rider is ridiculously luxurious. “Sometimes your demands are a test to see if you are still important to the promoter. “A show of power. #Armageddon” Ricky concluded the humorous tweet. Fans of the comedian joined in on the joke as they commented on his snacks of choice. Danielachueke said: “You've got an Argentinian wine @TriventoArg, that shows all your power.” DannyjClayton tweeted: “To be fair Ricky… those bananas are the largest/most yellow beasts I have ever seen.” “Gosh your demands are OUTRAGEOUS,” Sammeegiles quipped. OceanloverHB enquired: “Humm, which item gives you the gas Ricky? “I haven't seen Gaviscon in years. Didn't know they still made it.” Before embarking on his tour last year, Ricky quipped that he "wants to get cancelled" with the controversial stand-up show. DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE] The Netflix star revealed that he is unafraid to push boundaries with his stand-up comedy routine. Ricky told Heat: “One thing I've decided to definitely do, and can't wait to start on, is my new stand-up show, which is going to be called Armageddon. “I'm treating it like it's my last one ever. It won't be, but I want to put everything into it. “I want to try and get cancelled. No, I just want to go all out there. “It's about the end of the world and how we're going to destroy ourselves for lots of reasons, whether it's media stupidity, or the actual end of the world.” Ricky first rose to fame in 2001 when his hit mockumentary sitcom The Office proved to be incredibly successful with audiences. The actor and writer played clueless and cringe-inducing office boss David Brent in the show, which also starred Martin Freeman, Mackenzie Crook, and Lucy Davis. Since then, Ricky has gone on to win seven BAFTA awards, five British Comedy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards and two Emmy Awards.