Morrissey has been working hard on bringing new music to his fans over the past few years, but none of it has been released. He previously spoke candidly about writing and recording his 2021 record, Bonfire of Teenagers, but it never came out. Now, the British star has claimed his label is to blame. Morrissey's website posted a furious statement earlier this week, claiming that he is "too diverse" for Universal Music Group. The statement read: "Capitol Records (Los Angeles) will not, after all, release Morrissey’s 2021 album ‘Bonfire of Teenagers’. At the same time, Capitol Records (Los Angeles) are holding on to the album." The album was originally recorded throughout 2020 and 2021, but still has not been released - despite the fact it has been finished. The star even released a single from the record in November 2022, titled Rebels Without Applause. The statement went on: "Although Morrissey officially signed to Capitol Records Los Angeles, there has been no mention of Morrissey on Capitol’s website or on their Artists roster." At the time of writing, Capitol Records' website still does not reference Morrissey in their artist roster. It continued: "Morrissey has said that although he does not believe that Capitol Records in Los Angeles signed ‘Bonfire of Teenagers’ in order to sabotage it, he is quickly coming around to that belief." Back in November, the star's 14th album was "postponed". Morrissey, once again, wrote on his website: "Bonfire of Teenagers is no longer scheduled for a February release, as stated by this site. Its fate is exclusively in the hands of Capitol Records." Since then, the This Charming Man performer has worked on a new album, Without Music the World Dies. The 15th record reportedly began production in January, 2023. DON'T MISS...People thought The Smiths were miserable... but we had a blast [NEWS]Morrissey health: Star once 'died' for 9 minutes from food poisoning [INFO]Morrissey health: Legendary singer, 62, on 'bad' health condition [INSIGHT] At the time of writing, Capitol Records' website still does not reference Morrissey in their artist roster. It continued: "Morrissey has said that although he does not believe that Capitol Records in Los Angeles signed ‘Bonfire of Teenagers’ in order to sabotage it, he is quickly coming around to that belief." Back in November, the star's 14th album was "postponed". Morrissey, once again, wrote on his website: "Bonfire of Teenagers is no longer scheduled for a February release, as stated by this site. Its fate is exclusively in the hands of Capitol Records." Since then, the This Charming Man performer has worked on a new album, Without Music the World Dies. The 15th record reportedly began production in January, 2023.  Morrissey opened up about this new record in December. His statement read: "Studio time is booked for January and February 2023 when Morrissey will record his new album WITHOUT MUSIC THE WORLD DIES." It added: "The recording will be the fifth Morrissey album produced by ten Grammy winner Joe Chiccarelli, and the band continues to be Jesse Tobias, Gustavo Manzur, Alain Whyte, Juan Galeano and Brendan Buckley. The 12 songs were written by Morrissey with Alain Whyte, Jesse Tobias, Gustavo Manzur. There is no record label as yet for the project, and ways to attain global distribution are being researched." Morrissey commented: "The songs, of course, are magnificent, and even the relentless difficulties we have experienced recently are not enough to kill us off." For now, the album has been given a tentative release date of September, 2023. Morrissey has previously been at the heart of the controversy surrounding his former bandmate, Johnny Marr, as well. The Smiths split in 1987 due to "conflicts between Marr and Morrissey". In a brutal blogpost on his website, Morrissey stated he wanted the guitarist to stop "using his name for clickbait". He said: "This is not a rant or an hysterical bombast. It is a polite and calmly measured request: Would you please stop mentioning my name in your interviews? Would you please, instead, discuss your own career, your own unstoppable solo achievements and your own music? If you can, would you please just leave me out of it?" (sic) He added: "The fact is: you don't know me. You know nothing of my life, my intentions, my thoughts, my feelings. Yet you talk as if you were my personal psychiatrist with consistent and uninterrupted access to my instincts." SOURCE / SOURCE / SOURCE