Birmingham residents on “Britain’s grottiest road” have spoken out about the absurd amount of rubbish caused by fly-tippers since 2021. The enormous pile of rubbish in Aston, Birmingham can even seen from space via Google Maps satellites. Residents have revealed fly-tippers have repeatedly piled onto the 100-metre stretch of alleyway along Deykin Avenue over the last two years, causing them to fear for their safety.   The massive mound measuring 7ft tall can be seen on Google Maps satellites, prompting residents living nearby to worry it could catch fire and explode. The mound contains car parts, mattresses, fridges, beds, sofas and other household waste, locals have revealed. People living nearby have stated that the issue has become so noticeable that many cannot access their homes from the back and rats can be seen regularly scurrying over the rubbish heaps. Resident John Scott, 83, has lived in a home backing onto the notorious alleyway since 1996 along with wife Wendy, 79 and their daughter and granddaughter. READ MORE: Nurses pause major NHS strikes as union enters 'intensive' talks  He said it was a “disgrace” as the family had “given up” clearing away the rubbish, stating it simply returns overnight. The grandfather-of-three, a retired former warehouse and transport manager, said: “I've done my part and tried to clean the rubbish but every time more piles appear. “There are beds, chairs, food rubbish, and mattresses and you can no longer get your car down the back of your house to park. “There is currently no access to the back of our house because of the all the waste. DON'T MISSDonbas' 'crazy' battlegrounds where conditions are 'like WW1' [REVEAL]Unforgotten newcomer explains why she initially turned down role [INSIGHT]Boy, 6, found dead by his mother had strep A [UPDATE]  “I haven’t personally seen rats on the rubbish myself but I know there are lots of them. Last year we had some in our garden and had to get some rat poison to sort the issue. “The council are not bothered about the issue and haven’t done anything. Most of the houses around this area are rentals and the landlords don’t seem to care about the environment and just dump their rubbish in the alleyway. It’s a disgrace and something needs to be done." Another resident, who did not want to be named, added: "People have said that this is one of the grottiest areas in the city - or even the country. “It's not safe. There are gas canisters in there and if they went up then it could be really bad as the houses are so close. “It's a massive health hazard, there's lots of families along this street and we've got rats running around. It's just grim.” 