Arsenal star Takehiro Tomiyasu has revealed that Gabriel Martinelli is the team-mate that he least enjoys coming up against in training. The defender has found himself relegated to being a rotational option in north London, though he has insisted that he is content with that as long as his side keeps winning. The Gunners are five points clear at the top of the table, and manager Mikel Arteta has to be heavily credited for their success. The Spaniard has slowly but surely rebuilt the club on and off the pitch since 2019, forming a dressing room of players committed to his vision. His forwards have been vital this season, with their pace and ability to take on their man making them ever-present threats when Arsenal are in possession. And Tomiyasu has revealed that Martinelli, who has scored seven and assisted two in 19 league appearances, is equally as impressive on a daily basis. Asked by Goal who he is glad that he only has to play against in training rather than in matches, the Japan international replied with no hesitation: “Gabriel Martinelli. He never stops. “He has pace, aggression. He’s still young, but when he has the ball he wants to make the difference, he wants to do something.” Martinelli has been one of Arsenal’s most improved players this season and his good form has ensured that his side's failure to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk is not a hammer blow to their title hopes. The Brazilian has reportedly been rewarded for his displays with a bumper new contract extension that he penned earlier this week, keeping him at the club until 2027. On the other hand, Tomiyasu has struggled to have as great of an impact for the Gunners this season though due to the good form of Ben White at right-back. He has made 15 league appearances for the club but started on just four occasions – though the former Bologna star insists that he can understand why he has been forced to warm the bench so regularly. He continued: “You have to accept the reality, Ben White has been doing very well. He is fantastic. “Of course, I want to play from the start. The only thing I can do is prove my value on the pitch and show what I can do. I just want to help the team. It doesn’t matter if I’m playing from the start or not. When I’m on the pitch I give everything.”