Dan Evans got his wish for Britain’s Davis Cup qualifier tie against Colombia and has been selected to play the doubles for the first time. It comes after the world No 30 threatened to quit the team when he was unhappy with the captain’s selections and thought he should be picked to join forces with Neal Skupski.  Evans will finally play a doubles match for Britain at the Davis Cup less than four months after publicly calling out what he said was an “insulting” decision to snub him. The 32-year-old previously threatened to quit the team altogether if similar decision-making continued after pointing out that he had played tour events with Skupski to form chemistry in a doubles pairing to use at the team tournament. The Birmingham native will first play the opening singles match on Friday at the Pueblo Viejo Country Club against world No 253 Nicolas Mejia before teammate Cameron Norrie faces Nicolas Barrientos. Evans will be back in action for the doubles on Saturday alongside Skupski as they face former world No 1 duo Juan-Sebastian Cabal and Robert Farah, and Britain’s top two singles players will be back in action for the reverse singles on Sunday if needed. It means Joe Salisbury has not been picked to join forces with Skupski, with the doubles world No 4 reportedly struggling with a minor back issue. And it comes after Evans shared his “disappointment” at not being picked for the doubles in Britain’s Davis Cup knockout stage in September, believing ranking shouldn’t be the only thing behind a selection when some duos failed to “fit” properly. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios issues statement as Aussie avoids criminal record “It’s f***ing annoying. It’s disappointing. To be frank, it’s a bit insulting also that I haven’t been picked ever to play the Davis Cup [in doubles],” he told iNews in October. “This is meant in the nicest possible way to the doubles guys, there’s nothing against them - but I don’t need to play doubles on the tour to prove how good I am at doubles. “When I do, I normally do okay. I think we need to look past doubles rankings for a Davis Cup tie and if a game style fits or a game style doesn’t then maybe we should be picking other people.” DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios pleads guilty to assaulting ex-girlfriend but avoids jailAlcaraz warned of costly mistake as Djokovic becomes No 1 - EXCLUSIVEDjokovic's ex-coach shoots down suspicions around Serb after Aus Open  But the 32-year-old will have a tough task on his hands after finally getting his wish, as he and doubles world No 1 Skupski take on a pair of two-time Major winners in front of an away crowd. Captain Leon Smith admitted that it was a “very complicated tie” as he discussed the Davis Cup weekend with PA last week. “The day of the draw, you’re probably looking at a couple to avoid in terms of logistics and timings, and we didn’t avoid it. It’s the most complicated one,” he added. “It couldn’t be more extreme. I guess it’s going back to the old home and away style, it gives nations like that the opportunity to really gain home advantage, and boy do they have that.”