The Flog It! and Antiques Road Trip star has done almost everything there is to do in the world of antiques, but it seems he still had one challenge to face. Paul Martin, 64, was the face of BBC favourite Flog It! for 18 years until it was cancelled in 2020. Now he is taking on a new role in Channel 5's The Great Auction Showdown and speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about his new venture, he admitted he "let myself down" during one experience. The new programme sees him slightly stepping outside his comfort zone and taking a stab at auctioneering. "For me, it's all about the challenge of being an auctioneer in the real world," he stated when talking about highlights of the show. "It's not a TV programme as such, it's real. You know, we're playing in real auction rooms on real rostrums with real auctioneers, and there's a worldwide market there which reaches exceptionally far. "There's live bidding on three forums, plus, there are telephone bids and commission bids on the book and people in the room. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending "It's a really electric atmosphere." Despite his enthusiasm though, he explained why auctioneering was tricky for him. "Auctioning is a lot of tension," he reflected. "It's really easy to value something and then stand back and watch the engineer not show it. "But when you're trying to sell it yourself, you know, you're the guy on the rostrum. "You know, that's when it really counts and you're trying to do your best for the owner. "It's a lot of pressure, we've had a few no sales and you know I think, 'My god I'm so sorry, I let you down, I let myself down, I let the show down!'" Laughing, Paul continued: "But it is tense. And it's new for me because I've not been an auctioneer. "I'm a TV presenter, and I don't want to auctioneer like a TV presenter, I want to be like a pro. "Every single day when we're on the rostrum, I'm learning something different from a different auctioneer. DON'T MISS... Sue Barker admits she misses Question of Sport co-stars [LATEST]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [VIDEO]Love Island fans plead for islander to return in villa twist [REACTION] "I'm learning their skills, and I watch them closely. "And I try and copy some of their stuff and put it into my own style. So eventually, I'll create my own style!". Paul compared the series to BBC's Flog It! and also Antiques Road Trip. "Parts of it are like Antiques Roadshow where any profits made are given to charity. "It's a bit like Flog It! meets the Antique Road Trip." Teasing the memorable moments from the upcoming series, Paul commented: "I don't want to give too much away but you know, there's lots of finds and there's lots of treasures, and there's some lovely things. "And we can all we can take something away from it. You know and remember the owners. But we've all got stuff like that." The Great Auction Showdown with Paul Martin is due to air on Channel 5 soon.