Manchester United icon Paul Scholes has insisted that his prediction of a ‘quadruple’ was tongue-in-cheek after the Red Devils progressed to the last-16 of the Europa League. United knocked Spanish giants Barcelona out of Europe thanks to a 2-1 win at Old Trafford. Scholes appeared to seriously claim that Erik ten Hag’s side could win an unprecedented four trophies come the end of the season. They could lift their first silverware in six years by beating Newcastle in the Carabao Cup on Sunday. United also remain in the Europa League and FA Cup. Many still feel that they could also topple Arsenal and Manchester City in the Premier League title race, sitting just five points behind the league-leading Gunners. Speaking on BT Sport, Scholes said: “[The quadruple] is still on. In the top five leagues in Europe we are the only ones who can still win the quadruple. Look it is there, it'll be difficult but who knows.” JUST IN: Rio Ferdinand singles out five Man Utd players after Barcelona victory But the ex-midfielder has now clarified those remarks in an X-rated Instagram post. Scholes said he would be delighted even if United only win one trophy this season. He wrote: “Talk of quadruple firmly tongue in cheek, I’d snap your hand off for [one or two] trophies this season. And we finally have a manager who gets Man Utd, fast and furious, not possession-based, no parking the bus or buses, and taking no s*** from any f***er!” Brazilian duo Fred and Antony completed a remarkable turnaround for United, who had trailed thanks to Robert Lewandowski’s goal. In another cheeky remark, Scholes made a sarcastic reference to the fact that two players he has strongly criticised in the past scored the two goals. He continued: “Remember, absolutely nothing achieved yet. Oh, and good to see my two favourite players scoring big goals last night.” DON'T MISS...Spanish press don't hold back on Garnacho after Man Utd beat BarcelonaMan Utd may give Sancho a new role for Newcastle as Rashford injuredRashford hints at Man Utd injury days before final after Barcelona win Speaking after the game, Scholes said he had noticed that Ten Hag had brought the fans closer to the team than ever before. The former England star has noticed that the supporters “Yes, in a very long time. You can see these supporters have been starved of any real success over the last few years. “I never remember them staying behind for a game unless you’d won the league or something, but now they're clapping Fred and [Bruno] Fernandes off who were both fantastic.”