Zholia Alemi has been jailed for pretending to be a qualified psychiatrist for more than 20 years. The fraudster, who forged a degree certificate from the University of Auckland in New Zealand and a verification letter she submitted to the General Medical Council (GMC) in 1995, earned more than £1million, jurors were told.   Manchester Crown Court heard that Alemi worked for NHS trusts and private providers in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland with her forged documents. She earned approximately £1.3million, jurors were told, and was able to detain patients against their will as well as prescribe heavy medication. Following a four-week trial, a judge told Alemi her fraud struck “so very deeply at the heart of healthcare provisions in this country”. Sentencing Alemi, Judge Hilary Manley said: “That the degree certificate and supporting letter were accepted by the GMC represents an abject failure of scrutiny. READ MORE: £10k reward to help find missing baby with 200 officers on search  “You benefited from that failure and of course from your own deliberate and calculated dishonesty.” Alemi, who is believed to be 60, was convicted of 13 counts of fraud, three counts of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception, two counts of forgery and two counts of using a false instrument. The GMC said it was sorry that Alemi was able to join its register in the 1990s but that its processes were now “far stronger”. It said: “It is clear that in this case the steps taken almost three decades ago were inadequate. We are confident that, 27 years on, our systems are robust.” DON'T MISSChloe Madeley ‘livid’ over needing C-section after mum Judy’s struggle [INSIGHT]Woman calls cops on black men for shovelling snow for free [REVEAL]London houses evacuated as police rush to scene of 'unexploded device' [UPDATE]   Alemi was allegedly born in Iran but living in Auckland, New Zealand in the early 1990s and there she failed to complete a medical degree. She was subsequently refused permission to resit, Christopher Stables KC, prosecuting, told the court. Alemi then relocated to Britain where she used a forged degree certificate and letter of verification to register with the GMC. In 2018, she was convicted for three fraud offences and a count of theft, the court heard. At the time, after her conviction, reporter Phil Coleman, chief reporter for Cumbrian Newspapers, looked into her background and qualifications. The prosecutor stated that court proceedings had “come about as a direct result of the persistence of Mr Coleman’s investigative journalism”.  