Israeli action drama Fauda has been a smash hit after the latest series arrived globally on Netflix in January. The show has been going strong since 2015 and over time has built up a loyal fanbase who eagerly follow all the twists and turns of the Israel Defense Forces team. Season four introduced a whole host of new characters after Doron Kavillio (played by Lion Raz) took on a new international mission when his friend and colleague Gabi (Itzik Cohen) called on him for help. French actress Laura Smet portrays Angela and appears in episodes two and three of the most recent outing. She posted about joining the show in March last year, sharing a selfie with co-star and Fauda co-creator Lior on Instagram. Along with the image shared with her 274,000 followers, she wrote in French: “Proud to be in Fauda.” Laura later shared a behind-the-scenes snap on set with some of her other co-stars. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food She wrote alongside the picture, Laura wrote: “Thank you to the whole Fauda team.” The actress was born on November 15, 1983 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France. Laura comes from the entertainment industry with her father being rock musician Johnny Hallyday and her mother is actress Nathalie Baye. Prior to pursuing acting, Laura was thinking of becoming a theatrical agent but she then went on to study theatre. READ MORE: Fauda fans were left on a huge cliffhanger at the end of season 4 She eventually left school at the tender age of 16 to follow her dream of becoming an actress. Laura studied acting under the veteran French thespian and director Raymond Acquaviva. Her acting career kicked off in 2002 when she starred in Les corps impatients, portraying a young cancer patient. Laura’s performance won her critical acclaim and even a nomination for a prestigious César Award in the category of Most Promising Actress. READ MORE: Here's a look at the stars joining the new series of Fauda In 2004, she went on to clinch the Prix Romy Schneider for her acting work thus cementing her star status. Fauda is one of Laura’s few television credits with the performer predominantly known for her film work. Some of her other big credits include Yves Saint Laurent (2014) and The Bridesmaid (2004). More recently, Laura has appeared in TV shows Captain Marleau and La Garçonne. She also played herself in the hit TV series Call My Agent! opposite her real-life mother Nathalie. They portrayed a mother and daughter acting duo who had been offered the chance to star in the same project. However, it emerged they didn’t want to work together after all with the agents caught in the middle of the two of them. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [THEORY]Happy Valley viewers blast 'disappointing' finale [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT] Laura is married to producer Raphaël Lancrey-Javal with the couple getting hitched in 2018. They have one child together. Along with her acting abilities, she has also followed in her father’s footsteps by recording music. She has recorded some tracks including On Se Fait Peur, alongside her brother David Hallyday in 2010. Additionally, she features on the track Un verre à la main by Grand Corps Malade. Previously speaking about her relationship with the music world, she said she felt close to it but also “intimidated” by her father’s career. Laura told Crash magazine previously: “It’s tough to get started with that in mind, even though his music is a lot different than what I want to do, so it isn’t necessarily comparable. “I sang a duo with my brother David, who really helped me open up to music. Singing classes have helped, too.” Fauda season 4 is streaming on Netflix now