Stacey Solomon recently welcomed her fifth child, announcing the news on Instagram one week ago, but she may not be ready to stop enjoying newborn bliss anytime soon. The Loose Women star is claimed to have shared she is “broody” for another child with her husband Joe Swash. A source told Heat magazine: “Stacey knows people will think she’s mad for even thinking this, but having her fifth child has only made her more broody. “She absolutely thrives in the chaos at home, so long as it’s all good spirits and none of the kids are fighting,” they added. Express.co.uk has contacted a rep of Stacey's for comment. The star is mum to 14-year-old Zachary and 10-year-old Leighton from previous relationships, as well as her younger children with husband Joe, including three-year-old Rex, 16-month-old Rose, and newborn Belle. Stacey confirmed on December 30, alongside her first bump snap, that she was eight months pregnant, and they were expecting a baby girl. As we entered February, she typed on her Instagram: "Hello February. Our little girl will officially be a February baby. “Our little Aquarius. I love February. I think because of the start of longer days, brighter days, it's a nice short month. “I feel like it's a little gateway month into spring... Happy February everyone." She later announced that she had given birth to the adorable newborn alongside sweet pictures of herself and Joe holding their youngest daughter. "Our beautiful, daughter born at home with all of your brothers and sister ready to snuggle you forever and ever. You literally flew into our world," she gushed. Yesterday, Stacey explained how Belle is beginning to open her eyes more and look around this week, as the star took advantage of spending quality time together. Sweetly detailing the day they had spent together, Stacey wrote in the caption: "Oh Hello Beautiful Belle. The most special two weeks of you Belle. “Today all the boys went back to school & Belle had lots of awake time. "I think she was wondering where all the noise and craziness had gone. “I felt like I got some time to properly see her & talk to her today. "I love these days when they start to open their eyes more & really look around and begin to show you little bits of who they are and the adventures to come," she concluded. Commenting on the post, TV presenter Gaby Roslin pointed out: "She looks just like her daddy @realjoeswashy." As others dubbed her "daddy's double", while one jested there was "no denying" who her father is. Underneath the post, many other followers also pointed out how much the new arrival looks like her dad Joe in the pictures.