Meghan Markle and Prince Harry "aren't invited anywhere" after neither were seen at Oprah Winfrey's birthday party. Kinsey Schofield, a royal expert and host of the "To Di For Daily" podcast has claimed celebrity friends of the royal couple do not want them to "distract from the event". She claimed to Fox News: "I live in Los Angeles and have spent years in PR. "Word on the street is that Harry and Meghan aren’t invited anywhere because all eyes would be on them, and it would distract from the cause or event." "The reality is that they are seen as drama. "They are also considered untrustworthy and a private conversation you have with them could end up repeated on a podcast, a reality show, or within a book." READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'thought she was going to be the Beyonce of the UK' Meghan, who once called Oprah a close friend and confidant, did not attend the party which celebrated the megastar's birthday as well as cosmetics company Anastasia Beverly Hills' 25th anniversary. "Snubs like this show that the tide is turning with the Sussexes - and that the gamble that saw them trade in the lifelong duty of being working royalty for the money and fame of being celebrities hasn’t paid off," Kara Kennedy wrote in a column for The Spectator. It comes as Meghan is claimed to be "keeping her head down" following the bombshell release of Prince Harry's memoir earlier this month.  The royal couple have faced mounting criticism since stepping down from duties two years ago. But as Harry promotes his book, Meghan is working on "upcoming projects", it has been claimed. A source told Us Weekly: "Meghan has been keeping her head down in Montecito, taking care of the kids and working on projects that are coming up in the months ahead." They added that Meghan has been "happy to let Harry take centre stage". DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry keeping Oprah friendship 'on down-low' [INSIGHT]William and Harry neck and neck in US poll, with Charles less liked [POLL]Meghan and Harry told to 'move back to the UK' [ANALYSIS] "He’s flying all over the place to promote Spare but most of the time he’s returning home to Montecito and not staying out of town very often because he wants to be with the kids." It comes as Netflix announced the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's explosive recent series is its second-highest ranked documentary ever. Netflix reported its fourth quarter earnings on Thursday and disclosed a gain of 7.7 million subscribers during the October-December period, a stretch that included the debut of an ad-supported option for seven dollars (£5.65) per month.