LeBron James has been told that the Los Angeles Lakers front office sent him a message after they were not able to pull off a deal for Kyrie Irving. James posted a cryptic tweet on Sunday evening after making it known that he would like the Lakers to trade for Irving, who was made available after failing to agree an extension with the Brooklyn Nets. James has been vocal on wanting Irving to join the team after another dreadful start to the season with the Lakers having one of the worst records in the NBA. The Lakers are in need of roster improvements, and Irving would have been an ideal fit alongside James. The two won a championship together in 2016 with the Cleveland Cavaliers, and James knows he does not have too long left in the league, without wanting to waste time missing the playoffs. But the Dallas Mavericks beat the Lakers to acquiring Irving, who will now join forces with fellow superstar guard Luka Doncic in Texas. After the trade was reported, James crypitcally tweeted: "Maybe its me." This, many decipher to be in reference to James asking the front office to make a move, but not getting his wish as it's looking increasinly likely the team will have to stick with what they have this season. Speaking on UNDISPUTED, Skip Bayless stated that the failed trade comes across as a move from Lakers owner Jeanie Buss, who does not want to give up more assets, with the team having so little already. The Lakers gave up multiple first round picks to acquire Anthony Davis and Russell Westbrook, who are on the strugglign team. Bayless said: "Jeanie Buss is saying to LeBron: 'I'm not going to be left holding a bag that's empty. I already did this for you with Anthony Davis and Russ.'  "LeBron might only be there for two more years, maybe? Jeanie Buss does not want to give more assets for players that James wanted and risk their future. "James is coming across as a little ungrateful, they gave up a lot of pieces to get Westbrook - Kyle Kuzma and Kenatavious Caldwell-Pope. But LeBron James could win with Kyrie." 