Kelly Ripa will soon be joined by actor and husband Mark Consuelos when Ryan exits the ABC talk show in the spring. Ryan confirmed his departure from Live with Kelly and Ryan in a heartfelt statement in which he branded the job a “highlight” of his career. Ryan said of his Live with Kelly and Ryan departure: “Working alongside Kelly over the past six years has been a dream job and one of the highlights of my career. “She has been an amazing partner, friend, and confidant, and although we will always be a part of each other’s lives, I will miss our mornings together. “I also want to thank Michael Gelman and the entire staff and crew – we’ve made memories to last a lifetime, met some of the most incredible people and had the warmest welcome into the homes of so many viewers across America. “It’s been a memorable ride and now I’m excited to pass the baton to Kelly’s ‘real’ husband, Mark,” he added [via Deadline]. READ MORE: Carnival Row stars tease new monster in ‘gory’ final season Ryan's exit from the talk show won't effect his stints on some of ABC's other biggest hitters. The host will return to present American Idol and Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve with Ryan Seacrest. As well as Ryan speaking out on his exit, his co-star Kelly also had nothing but kind words for her colleague. “I’m so grateful to have spent the last six years beside my dear friend of too many decades to count and will miss starting my days with Ryan,” she said.  “Ryan’s energy, passion and love for entertainment is one-of-a-kind," Kelly added. And the show's executive producer Michael Gelman reciprocated Ryan's kind words by stating: “Goodbyes are never easy, but we look forward to welcoming Ryan back regularly with open arms." Mark also had nothing but praise for Ryan's replacement, adding: "As a fan-favourite guest host for years, Mark is no stranger to the ‘Live’ family. "Having him join the show is so special for us and we’re sure that viewers will feel the same." DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters Amy Slaton breaks down in tears over being ‘bad parent’Law and Order SVU confirms return of two familiar facesJerry Springer slaps down rumours that show was faked Shortly after the news was confirmed, Ryan took to his Instagram page to share another statement and explanation to his fans. He penned: "I’m going to miss my work wife and all the laughter we share. "When I signed on to host Live in 2017 it was meant to be for 3 years, but I loved the job and working with Kelly so much that I extended my time and last year I made the decision to stay on for one more final season. "I’ve been grateful to be able to share a cup of coffee with our viewers everyday, one of the best parts of the gig.  "I’ll be transitioning out of Live this Spring to shoot the 21st season of American Idol in LA, continue my radio show on KIIS-FM and Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin Eve, and focus my summer on opening three more Ryan Seacrest Foundation Studios in pediatric hospitals across the country. "I’m looking forward to coming back to guest host in the future and Kelly, I promise to forever share my food photos, chicken eggs, and olive oil with you. "And congratulations to my brother Mark, feel free to remodel my dressing room!"