Russian spy ships are targeting underwater cables, gas pipelines and wind farms in the North Sea, intelligence sources say. AIVD, the Dutch equivalent of MI5 and MI6, says it has identified Russian threats to infrastructure under the sea that is often shared with Britain, including internet cables and connectors carrying gas and electricity pipelines.    Eric Akerboom, the director of the AIVD, says they are on “high alert” after Dutch vessels intercepted a Russian spy ship near a wind farm. The ship was believed to be part of a sabotage operation. He said: “That failed, the ship was within our territorial waters and was sent away by the coastguard. But it says something about the Russian interest in maritime infrastructure. We are on high alert.” General Jan Swillens, head of the Dutch army intelligence unit – the MIVD, said the interception was made within weeks of attacks on the Nord Stream gas pipelines in the Baltic Sea last September. He warned that the Russians are carrying out “preparatory acts for disruption and sabotage”. General Swillens said: “We have seen in recent months how Russian actors tried to uncover how the energy system works in the North Sea. It is the first time we have seen this.    “Russia is mapping how our wind parks in the North Sea function. They are very interested in how they could sabotage the energy infrastructure.” The Times reports that the AIVD and MIVD have formed a joint “Russia house” to work on the threat posed by President Vladimir Putin since the invasion of Ukraine last February. This includes surveillance and the expulsion of spies who are working for Russia under the cover of being diplomats. Last weekend 17 diplomats were expelled from the Netherlands for espionage, and the Russian trade mission in Amsterdam was closed. All new diplomatic postings from Russia are closely scrutinised. The general added: “It is not for nothing that Russian intelligence officers have been deported from our country. “We also no longer admit new people who we already know are intelligence officers.” Last April the Dutch caught a Russian agent who had assumed a fake Brazilian identity and managed to infiltrate the International Criminal Court in The Hague. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak slams airbrushing of Roald Dahl books    In a joint report the AIVD and MIVD said: “He had been able to gather information on investigations into possible Russian war crimes in Ukraine. “He could also have potentially influenced those investigations.” The report also said that Dutch intelligence is picking up Russian operations in evading western sanctions through front companies. Mr Akerboom says the Russia’s war against Ukraine has done more to shake up the intelligence and security agencies than the terror attacks against America on September 11 in 2001. He said: “A large power bloc trying to attack Europe is unprecedented and leads to great tensions around the world. “Just look at how Russia is trying to gain political and economic influence, especially on countries in Africa and Asia.  DON'T MISSTeacher with size Z breasts insists they’re real [PICTURED]Biden enters Ukraine via train for 'historic' meeting [REPORT]Kate Forbes says she would have voted against gay marriage [ANALYSIS]   "That worries us — for example, who is waiting for a Russian Africa?” According to the Dutch intelligence assessment, the war in Ukraine will drag on and will continue to have an effect on energy prices. This will increase domestic dissatisfaction and distrust of the government. Dutch domestic security services say “the extremist anti-institutional movement is overwhelmingly pro-Russian, portraying President Putin as a ‘saviour’ ”. And alarmingly the Dutch intelligence services are warning that the disorder caused by the war is potentially creating a new space for al-Qaeda or Islamic State. Mr Akerboom said: “We see that Isis is regrouping in Syria. We are not going to increase the threat level, but we do see networks emerging that we are concerned about.” 