With the cost of living crisis showing no sign of easing up, I am back with another taste test: Walkers crisps versus supermarket own-brands. Switching to own-brand products is a nifty way of saving some dosh on your weekly shop, but how do they compare to name brands?  So far, I have pitted Heinz Beanz and HP Sauce against their supermarket counterparts, and spoiler alert: there are some worthy competitors. But now it was time for me to channel my inner Gary Lineker: Walkers versus Tesco, Sainbury's, Asda, Morrisons, Aldi, and Lidl. Who came out victorious? Find out below.   When it came to selecting a flavour to compare, I opted for cheese and onion because ready-salted is too boring, and salt and vinegar makes my face contort. I picked up a six-pack of Walkers' "glorious" cheese & onion for a whopping £1.95. Upon opening up a packet, I had to do a double take: where were all the crisps? It was only about half full. For that price, I want a few more in there. I had essentially paid for air—sounds like a future episode of Black Mirror, if you ask me. Ranting aside, I love the taste; the salty goodness takes me back to my childhood—I was a fussy eater. Apart from the number of crisps and the price, I have no complaints - 8/10.  I purchased a six-pack of Aldi's Snackrite cheese and onion crisps for a reasonable 89p. Once again, the packet was half empty. However, at this price point, I am not as fussed. The crisps are a slightly darker shade of potatoey-yellow than Walkers and have a stronger, dare I say it, better taste. The taste does not hold back; it lingers on your tongue, letting you know you have just indulged in a snack. When it comes to smell—because who does not love a good sniff before tucking in?—it is not as subtle as Walkers, with the cheese smacking you in the nostrils. Do we have a winner this early on? I am giving these beauties a 9/10.   After cleansing my palate—I do not want to give Tesco an unfair advantage, do I?—it was time to move onto the next supermarket. I forked out £1 for a six-pack of cheese and onion crisps from Tesco. One thing I noticed about these crisps is they are individually heavier than those from Walkers and Aldi. Either that, or it is in my mind because all seven packets claim to be 25g and they look just as "full" as the others. When it comes to scent, Tesco's crisps smell the best so far—not that the others did not smell great. After popping a crisp into my mouth, I made an audible "Hmm" sound. The taste is pretty decent, but it feels like I am chewing on cardboard. I would give Tesco a 4/10. Scratch that, they are stuck in my teeth, so I am revising my score to a 3/10.  Next up is Asda, and a pack of six cost me £1. After opening the packet, I was disappointed. Asda had the fewest crisps of all the ones I had tested so far. When it comes to taste, it is very subtle, so subtle that I needed three or four to form an opinion. They taste alright, but nothing to write home about—sorry, mum, you will hear from me soon—but they are the crunchiest so far, so if that is your thing, these are for you. I give Asda a 5/10. Sainsbury's six-pack of cheese and onion crisps set me back £1.15. By this point, I was getting used to the lack of crisps in each packet, so it was not a surprise how few there were. After tucking in, I quite enjoyed myself - they are just as crunchy as Asda, but their taste is much better (sorry, Asda). They have a subtle scent that lets you know they are there but not nothing more. A solid 6/10; fair play, Sainsbury's.   With just two supermarkets left to try, I was seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. A six-pack from Morrisons costs slightly more than those at other supermarkets, at £1.19. I do not think it is worth mentioning how few crisps are in here - it is clearly a common theme. They smell and taste similar to Sainsbury's - could it be they are the same with just different packaging? It would not surprise me. Yes, they are a solid crisp; however, you can save yourself 4p and buy them from Sainsbury's - 6/10.    Lidl by Lidl I was losing my patience waiting in the queue for these crisps. A six pack of Snaktastic cheese and onion crisps cost me 89p, joint-cheapest with Aldi. I kept alternating between eating Lidl's and Aldi's crisps because they are incredibly similar - maybe Lidl has a slightly sweeter flavour? Anyway, cheap and tasty, what is not to like? I give Lidl a 9/10.  Somewhat controversially, I am placing Aldi and Lidl above Walkers. For the price and taste, I am blown away - I might just have to say goodbye to Walkers for the sake of my wallet. But, I am more than happy to welcome Aldi and Lidl into my home. 