The Masked Dancer is a spin-off to the much-loved competition The Masked Singer. But after only two previous series, ITV has reportedly announced the show will not be returning to screens in 2023 after its launch in 2021, despite the popularity of its sister show. As the broadcaster clears its schedule for the Rugby World Cup later this year, the guessing game show has been postponed. According to The Sun, a source claimed the sporting event would be replacing the competition. They said: "Fans will be gutted, but The Masked Dancer is being rested for 2023. "Instead, ITV are showing the Rugby World Cup over the autumn."   "This doesn't mean it can't come back in 2024, and ITV have plans for other specials like The Masked Singer I'm A Celeb show," the source added. Last October, US actress Heather Morris ended up winning the mystery talent show. After weeks of taking to the stage disguised as Scissors, she was crowned the winner. The Glee star was the last contestant to be unmasked, and it seems there will be no more The Masked Dancer revelations for now.  The Rugby World Cup 2023 will air in September when the competition show usually starts. Judges Oti Mabuse, Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross and Mo Gilligan will likely be back guessing the secret dancers again though, with the cancellation reportedly coming just for this year. Scissors' victory came against fellow finalist Onomatopoeia, who was revealed as Hollywood actor Adam Garcia. The Masked Singer is currently on screens with series four, and the competition continues to heat up as the group of contestants becomes smaller. DON'T MISS... GMB viewers slam 'car crash interview' with Reeva Steenkamp's parents [REACTION]BBC defends 'lynch mob' Question Time backlash [LATEST]Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star [VIDEO] Two more famous faces were unmasked on Saturday's The Masked Singer. The double elimination ended up being Jacket Potato, who's identity had viewers divided for weeks, and Jellyfish. The latter was revealed to be Glee and Dreamgirls stage star, Amber Riley, while Jacket Potato was unmasked as Richie Sambora. The Bon Jovi star left the judges as stunned, but many fans of the series had predicted he was under the costume.  The 63-year-old commented: "It's a wild reality when you do this show." Amber commented: "I was nervous because I couldn’t see very well and my balance was pretty off and on top of the jet lag there was so much to juggle all at once. But I did it!" Thankfully for fans of the show, it seems next year's The Masked Singer will probably remained unaffected, with the anticipated sporting event over by that point. Speaking to Express.co.uk, ITV confirmed the series had been axed for 2023 only for the rugby coverage. The Masked Singer continues on Saturday at 7pm on ITV.