The Princess of Wales' comment to Prince William, prior to a rare moment of PDA, have been revealed. The royal couple were all smiles as they made their appearance at the star-studded event on the evening of February 19. Despite being married for almost 12 years, the couple showed they are still very much in love, even engaging in a rare display of public affection. As the couple walked along, Kate was spotted patting William on the bottom, with a few words exchanged beforehand. Speaking to Mail Online, lip reader Sophia Martell claims that the 41-year-old had recreated something that she had seen in the crowd, along the walk along the red carpet. Kate, as she appeared to look over her shoulder, asked her husband if he had seen the same thing as she had. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'upset' as Palace is 'only fighting for Harry' to attend King's Coronation William then leaned in towards his wife, and said, "Did he?". Kate then reenacted what she had seen by tapping William on the bottom. According to Sophia, a smiling Kate then said, "that was so funny". The couple had reportedly spent the February half-term with their three young children, who were all on holiday from the school term. READ MORE: Prince Harry attacked by defence secretary Ben Wallace for 'boasting' of Taliban kills Speaking to OK!, body language expert Andy Coley also spoke about the royal couple's appearance at this year's BAFTAs. He said that the couple evidently "had affection for one another", adding that "it's clear [they] had a great time" on Sunday evening. He added that the couple clearly show a "genuine" connection. DON'T MISS Kate proving 'she can take on whatever challenges' role throws at her [LATEST]Fergie under fire for 'money grabbing' book tour interview questions [SPOTLIGHT]Couple 'gobsmacked' after finding King's letter to his 'ill granny' [REVEAL] Since they married in April 2011, the couple have welcomed three children. They have Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, who entertained the crowds at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee with his adorable expressions and fidgety behaviour. Kate is dedicated to early years education and the couple enjoy engagements when they speak to young people.