The Today Show's Hoda Kotb was in an "emotional moment" with two Super Bowl rivals who came together to save a life. Kansas City Chiefs fan John Gladwell saved the life of Philadelphia Eagles fan Billy Welsh when he donated his kidney more than two years ago. The pair had met in the Marines 20 years before but reconnected over Facebook when Welsh wrote that he needed a kidney in 2019. Gladwell found he was the perfect match for Welsh and travelled to Philadelphia for a 10-hour transplant operation before Welsh ended up on dialysis. Welsh told the Today show: "It meant the world to me. I was speechless. John Gladwell is my hero." Kotb asked: "John, it didn't take you a beat to raise your hand. This is an emotional moment, I can feel it. What made you say yes?" Gladwell replied: "He has a son. I wasn’t going to let his son grow up without his dad being there for everything." READ MORE: KC Chiefs ace Mahomes fuming as reporter fools him at Super Bowl LVII  He added that his surgery was "just another day no matter what happened." While they will be supporting rival teams, the pair will sit next to each other at the game on Sunday. Gladwell revealed that the occasion will be particularly special this weekend since his wife had been receiving treatment for cancer. He said tearfully: "She’s never been able to ring the bell for remission. That’s one thing we’re definitely doing." The heartwarming story of the ex-Marines found its way to Eagles Team president Don Smolenski who contacted the Chief and invited both men to the Super Bowl in Glendale, Arizona. Smolenski told The Philadelphia Inquirer: "The opportunity to bring these two guys together, their two teams playing on the biggest stage in sports, it’s very, very humbling and gratifying." Welsh revealed he was "stunned" to receive the invite. He added: "A Chief's kidney? I don’t know how my body will react if the Chiefs win. "The Eagles are going to win. Go Birds." DON'T MISS VP Harris confronted on aging POTUS [VIDEO]Joe Biden prepares to close deal on major migrant swap with Mexico [ANALYSIS]Woman 'trapped in kid's body' Shauna Rae is single [INSIGHT] It comes as a record 50.4 million American adults plan to bet on this year's Super Bowl, wagering a total of $16 billion, the gambling industry's national trade group predicted Tuesday. The American Gaming Association forecasts that 1 in 5 American adults will place a bet on Sunday's NFL championship game between the Philadelphia Eagles and the Kansas City Chiefs. The estimate includes legal bets, and those placed with illegal bookies or casually among friends or relatives. The total amount expected to be wagered this year is more than double the amount from last year as the legal US sports betting market continues to grow. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews