With inflation at a high, saving money may seem like an impossible task to some. However, by ‘micro-saving’, Britons can save small incremental amounts of money, which over time will begin to add up. With the growing popularity of everyday people turning to TikTok as their source for saving tips and tricks, trends expert Nick Drewe from Wethrift spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about some of the top, viral micro-saving hacks. 52-Week Savings ChallengeThis hack involves adding increasing amounts of money to one’s savings each week. On week one, individuals will add £1, £2 on week two, £3 on week three, and so on until they reach a full year. If someone commits fully to the challenge, they should have saved £1,378 over the course of the 52 weeks. Round-up HackAnother micro-saving challenge that people can attempt is the Round-up Hack. READ MORE: State pension age rise to 68 could be earlier than expected - check when you can retire As people look for ways to save and attempt various savings challenges, Mr Drewe shared insight into little-known and underrated money-saving hacks that could help people save over the long term to try and keep up with the rising inflation. He said: “Outside of social media, there are plenty of other means and methods for saving money that are much more unknown, particularly when it comes to longer-term saving plans and goals. “To achieve longer-term saving goals, I predict we will begin to see a rise in the number of people making use of low-risk investment apps. Apps such as Moneybox allow users to set up stocks and shares ISAs, and they can use the app to invest their savings into stocks and shares. “With many of these investment accounts, you can already earn interest before you actually start investing. For example, with the Moneybox Stocks & Shares ISA, account holders will earn three percent AER (variable) on any savings that are stored in the ISA.” READ MORE: Britons can get up to £6,000 to help with heat pump costs - list of grants available He explained that the beauty of these types of savings and investment apps is that people can put as much or as little money in as they want each month. For inexperienced investors, these types of apps can be automated, so the app does the investing for them to generate a return on their investment. With more people wanting their money to go further, there could be a real surge of people making use of investment apps he predicted. Mr Drewe continued: “In terms of other lesser-known saving hacks, the 50-25-25 rule is great for making more significant savings than the usual TikTok viral hacks, which tend to be more centred around micro-saving. “The essence of 50-25-25 is the creation of three separate accounts: one for monthly rent and bills, one to store long-term savings, and one for general day-to-day spending on everyday items. “If someone is paid £1,600 at the end of the month, they would pay £800 into the account dedicated to renting and bills, £400 into the long-term savings account, and £400 into the general spending account. “This easy-to-follow method is ideal for separating expenditure and long-term savings.”