A recent study from Confused.com revealed that East Dunbartonshire, in Scotland, is the safest region in the UK to live in with just 0.44 burglaries reported per 1,000 people. East Dunbartonshire was followed by four more Scottish regions: Highland (0.47 burglaries per 1,000 people), Aberdeenshire (0.50), Stirling (0.56) and Argyll and Bute (0.58). Therefore, property owners in Scotland are least likely to experience a burglary, the research showed. East Dunbartonshire, which borders the north of Glasgow, has a population of around 108,500 and includes the rural towns of Bearsden, Bishopbriggs, Kirkintilloch and Lennoxtown. The region has an "outstanding natural environment" and "is a flourishing area" with a "healthy environment and life expectancy rates well above the national average," Myjobscotland explained. "It is one of the safest areas in Scotland in which to live, with levels of recorded crime well below the national average," the site added. On the travel forum Tripadvisor, a person asked for tips and recommendations before moving to East Dunbartonshire. READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ method to remove limescale from kettles   A local resident recommended checking Kirkintilloch or Lenzie as they are "both nice and slightly cheaper than Bearsden or Milngavie". "It depends on what you want, whether you'd like to live in the suburbs, out in the country or somewhere with shops and cafes you can walk to - one of the nice things about East Dunbartonshire is that you have the choice. "Bearsden and Milngavie are both very prosperous suburbs with nice houses and gardens, although often to get to either shops or countryside you will have to drive - they are also not cheap," another one explained. A third resident said that Milngavie is "a really nice place" that has "a lot going on if you can afford to stay there".  The research revealed that South Devon and Dartmoor are the safest English regions to live in with 0.60 burglaries per 1,000 people. Theft rates are very low in South Devon and Dartmoor, while residents of East and Mid Devon are the second-least likely to experience a burglary in England. In East and Mid Devon, burglary rates have dropped by 13.31 percent in the last few years, and the study revealed that these regions are followed by North Devon. North Devon, which experienced only 127 burglaries per 1,000 people last year, is the third safest region in England. READ MORE: Kitchen colours that can make room smaller - 'Absolutely avoid'  Jessica Willock, a home insurance expert at Confused.com, commented: “Although burglary rates seem to be dropping year on year, it’s still as important to make sure your home is safe. "Security cameras and burglary alarms aren’t only a great deterrent from potential thieves but having them could reduce your home insurance prices," she advised. The expert recommended homeowners acros the country protect their homes from burglars with some "simple changes", such as investing in smart home security. "Nowadays, technology has advanced to give us cheap, easy-to-install smart home devices such as doorbells and automated lights. These let you know who’s outside without you needing to go near the door,” the security expert added.