When blood sugar levels are not well controlled, health problems can occur, as excess sugar in the blood can irritate blood vessels. "Eventually, high blood sugar levels can lead to disorders of the circulatory, nervous and immune systems," the Mayo Clinic warns. "Type 2 diabetes affects many major organs, including your heart, blood vessels, nerves, eyes and kidneys." One of the warning signs of high blood sugar is bleeding gums, which is a sign of gum disease. The charity Diabetes UK says that diabetics are at risk of dental issues, such as periodontal disease. Bleeding gums are a sign of gum disease, the NHS says, adding that the gums might be "swollen, red, and sore". Gum disease can also lead to bad breath, a bad taste in the mouth, and the teeth becoming loose or falling out. READ MORE: Smell that? Seven warning signs that can help uncover 'difficult to spot' bed bugs Diabetes UK adds: "Gum disease is caused by one group of bacteria in plaque that makes toxins that inflame the gums, known as gingivitis. "It can cause loss of bone around your teeth and gum recession over time. This can lead to tooth loss, known as periodontitis. "Gums that bleed when you brush your teeth are never normal and you should see a dentist." If you can get gum disease under control, the likelihood of improving your blood sugar control management improves.   Bleeding gums aren't the only concern when you have type 2 diabetes, as the condition can lead to even more serious consequences. The NHS reports that people who have diabetes are 15 times more likely to undergo amputations than other people without the condition. Unhealed ulcers and foot infections are the "leading" cause of amputations, when it comes to diabetes, Diabetes UK notes. "Diabetic foot ulcers precede more than 80 percent of amputations," the charity adds. READ MORE: 'I was in complete shock': Bowel cancer patient wasn't too concerned with his symptoms One other complication of type 2 diabetes is diabetic retinopathy, known as eye disease. If left undiagnosed and untreated, the condition could result in blindness after a number of years. This is why diabetics must keep on top of their health checks, so that their health doesn't deteriorate. Uncontrolled blood sugar levels can lead to multiple consequences, not only gum disease, amputation, and eye disease. The NHS says type 2 diabetes can lead to: Together you can formulate a health care plan to better control blood sugar levels. Without adequate intervention and care, type 2 diabetes can cause a whole host of health complications.