Tammy Slaton and her sister Amy Slaton-Halterman have become two of the most recognisable faces in the reality TV world, and their fame has only gotten bigger with the fourth season of 1000lb Sisters currently airing on TLC. Even so, some fans may be surprised by the sisters’ salaries for each episode compared to other reality stars. Amy and Tammy, as well as their co-stars Chris Combs and Amanda, are reportedly considering leaving their current contract with TLC. The US Sun has revealed the reality stars feel they could be making much more money on 1000lb Sisters if they negotiated a new deal. Despite appearing the most throughout the series, Tammy is paid just $2-3,000 per episode (£1,600 - £2,500), a source close to the family has claimed. The source also revealed Tammy has sunk all her earnings into paying for 14 months of weight rehab, without any further compensation from the producers. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal Meanwhile, Tammy’s sister Amy reportedly makes the most out of the cast. Although her exact salary hasn’t been revealed, she apparently earns a little more thanks to her sons Gage and Glenn also having contracts. However, these funds have been set up in trusts to eventually go towards their college tuition fees. After joining the cast in season three, Tammy’s half-sister Amanda is only earning about $700 a month for her appearances. The friend also claimed the producers frequently edit out “serious conversations” which take place when the cameras are rolling. The cast are also unable to earn additional income during their time on the series, as they have all signed contracts agreeing not to take on any more commercial opportunities during filming. Producers have reportedly already put in a counter-offer, but Amy and Tammy aren’t convinced it’s enough to make up for their small salaries. Tammy’s friend has revealed the producers are currently considering an all-expenses-paid trip to Greece for the entire cast of 1000lb Sisters. DON'T MISS:1923 star admits she's 'confused' by Dutton family tree [INTERVIEW]Magnum PI star teases ‘backstory exposed’ after major death [TEASER]The Equalizer’s Mel star ‘had a bone to pick’ over Robyn fallout [INSIGHT] However, a luxury vacation may not be enough to convince the Slatons to remain on the show with their current salaries. Tammy and Amy are now reportedly in talks with a different production company to start work on a new spin-off show. They claim they would rather start afresh with a new series than return to their current pay after a trip abroad. Despite their behind-the-scenes woes, Tammy and Amy have managed to make considerable progress on their weight loss journey throughout the series. Tammy has completed her 14-month stay in rehab and is now able to sit in the front seat of a car without adjustment. She is also able to stand freely to give her friends and family hugs, and is working up to long-distance walks and driving. Having weighed just over 700lbs at the start of the series, Tammy is now close to dropping below the 400lb mark and is nearly half her original size. Express.co.uk has contacted TLC for comment. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.