Beloved British chef James Martin has some gorgeous recipes up his sleeve, many including onions. He spoke on This Morning about how people can prevent their eyes watering when cutting them. The celeb chef was showing Holly Willoughby and Philip Schofield how to make his famous French onion soup when he shared the secret. When chopping up a load of onions for his soup, Holly asked him if he was "just going to start crying". But James was able to give the presenter a few top tips for avoiding onion-induced tears. His first tip was all about proximity: "Stand on a stool so you're further away from it." READ MORE: James Martin's dauphinoise potatoes are the ultimate comfort food Next, the chef stressed the importance of having a decently sharp knife. He continued: "Mainly just make sure you have a nice, sharp knife. It's the spray from the onion when you've got a blunt knife that causes you to cry." As for the remedy of holding a spoon in your mouth or wearing "onion goggles", he branded these "ridiculous". When Holly joked that her mother would keep a piece of bread in her mouth the chef joked that people who do these things "have no idea". Because onions are so verstaile, and are found in pretty much every meal, this kitchen hack should come in very handy. The Plantbased Kitchen shared another hack for cutting onions sans tears. Camy Arriola stated: "My eyes are actually pretty sensitive to onions. Growing up if my mum was cutting onions I'd be crying across the house - I could always tell when there was onion in the air." READ MORE: Kate shares Louis' 'favourite' vegetable - not peas or carrots Camy's first tip was to avoid cutting the onion sideways because it "severs through the root". Cutting it along with the root prevents making the onion juice "airborne" - "hence the crying". Keeping the root intact, slice directly in half creating two even pieces of onion. Next cut the root off and remove a layer - or two - of onion depending on the texture. Place the onion halves face down on the chopping board and for a "nice, fine dice", make small shallow cuts all the way round them. Then turn the onion halves to the side and slice in the other direction, creating little pieces of diced onion. She recommended pinching the onion to keep the layers together while cutting, and for safety, tucking your fingers under. 