Two announcements last week - one by Michael Gove and the other by Environment Secretary Thérèse Coffey. Coffey says that in the future everyone will live within a 15-minute walk of a green space. How politicians love a pious pledge, something they can promise to "deliver" but which everybody will have forgotten about within minutes. Coffey says that nature will be at the heart of every government decision from now on. Rivers, coastline and hedges will be restored to their paradisiacal glory thanks to her Environmental Improvement Plan. There will be a hedgehog for every garden and red squirrels frolicking in the trees (though not the little grey blighters obviously). Britain will be transformed into the Garden of Eden. Not overnight you understand. But in the next quarter of a century... or thereabouts. So you will still find yourself swimming through sewage next summer. The 15-minute pledge was picked up by all the news reports. Strange, because figures from 2018 show that most Brits already live no more than 259m from a green space. I could walk 259m in less than a quarter of an hour even if I was scrolling on my phone and wearing unsuitable shoes. And it's not the distance that matters, so much as whether you have to make your way down to ground level in a dodgy lift and whether there are hypodermic needles and styrofoam burger boxes littering the green space when you get there. And if there are people who live more than 15 minutes from a green space, will they be forcibly moved in some draconian re-housing initiative? The pledge is nothing but a vacuous soundbite. Unfunded, inexplicable, and not really needed at all. Applause for the parents at the Henry VIII School in Abergavenny who have seen off a dopey plan to rename it the Abergavenny Learning Centre. An anguished Labour councilor had said he was "conflicted" about the school being named after a wife-killing king who "entrenched inequality". Hilarious. Complaining that a Tudor monarch "entrenched inequality" is like deploring his slack observance of traffic regulations. And while Henry may have had many faults there is no question about his academic achievements. He was reasonably fluent in French, Spanish, German, Italian, Latin, and Greek. He played several musical instruments. He learned mathematics, science, history, philosophy, and rhetoric. In his youth he was a fine sportsman. Things for pupils at the Abergavenny school to aspire to rather than deny. Eva Green is suing the producers over the collapse of a film in which she was starring and for which she hasn't been paid. There has been name-calling. "It's my Frenchness coming out sometimes," she explained. And yes, I could forgive her because she is beautiful, haughty, and very French. Except that she described the film crew as "s****y peasants from Hampshire". Hold it right there, missy! I'm from Hampshire. I take exception to that. First rule of journalism - an editor once told me - never make casually disparaging remarks about anywhere because it will be someone's home. And they'll be livid. Marie Kondo says she has given up on the decluttering lark since the birth of her third child. Now she tells us! I never bought a copy of her 2011 bestseller The Life-Changing Magic Of Tidying Up but I wish I'd thought of it myself. They say all you need is one good idea. But I do hold her responsible for my binning of a favourite skirt under the mistaken belief that it didn't "spark joy", as Marie demanded. Can I sue? In common with many listeners, I'm fed up with The archers - all those ghastly young people with their issues. It's like a social workers' training podcast. And then Jennifer Aldridge just up and died! Angela Piper, who has played her since 1963, wanted to retire. It shouldn't have been allowed, but I was glued to the radio in a way that I haven't been since Nigel Pargetter fell to his death from the roof of his stately home in 2011. This is far worse, though. The Archers without Jennifer is unthinkable. She was my favourite character from the moment in 1966 when she announced that she was going to be an unmarried mother (after a brief affair with randy Paddy the cowman) and took her place as the scarlet woman of Borsetshire. I loved the way she dealt with her husband Brian (of the perpetually wandering eye) and had both the soul of an artist and the relatable yearnings of a middle-class matron who wants a new Aga, and wants it now. Before her death (a heart problem) she had written a letter to her family which was read out by the characters. It was so moving... not a dry eye in my kitchen. It made me remember how much I used to love The Archers and fear that it will never be the same again. Apart from me is there anyone out there who hasn't watched a minute of BBC One's Happy Valley? I gather the finale is tonight. I might have watched it if the BBC hadn't kept telling me how wonderful it was. But the breathless excitement of everyone from continuity announcers to Martha Kearney on the Today programme made me determined to swerve it. Too much hype.