Napoli striker Victor Osimhen has shown Manchester United why they are reportedly considering spending £100million for the Nigerian in the summer after scoring once again in the Champions League on Tuesday evening. Luciano Spalletti’s outfit won 2-0 away to Eintracht Frankfurt in the first leg of their last 16 tie, as the 24-year-old continued his spectacular form. While Marcus Rashford has been on fire for the Red Devils by scoring 14 Premier League goals including six strikes in his last five games, Osimhen took his season’s tally to 19, including 18 goals in 18 Serie A starts. He has spearheaded the Napoli side that hold a 15-point lead at the top of the Italian league and could be set for a big-money move in the summer. Both United and Chelsea could be set to battle for Osimhen as they have been linked with the striker along with Bayern Munich, and ahead of the game he was discussed by the BT Sport panel that consisted of Eni Aluko, Glenn Hoddle and Owen Hargreaves. The former Lioness star compared Osimhen to Didier Drogba and tipped Chelsea to battle United for his signature. “Big comparisons to Didier Drogba, he was a superstar at the club,” Aluko said. “Chelsea could be in for this guy. They have spent all this money but that’s the kind of striker I think would suit Chelsea, Owen said it: he is probably the next big striker.” Hargreaves claimed that Osimhen would be the “next £100m player” in line with the price tag placed on him by Napoli, as United have already knocked on the Italian club’s door for their striker. “Get the chequebook out! He’s next in line and if you are his agent then those numbers [Osimhen’s goal record] are important because he is probably the next £100m player that will come over to the Premier League,” Hargreaves added.  “You think Manchester United or Chelsea. A lot of teams would be desperate to have this guy, he has everything. I think he is very unique just because of his size and strength, obviously the numbers are important but I think he is the type of guy that you wouldn’t want to play against just because of his strength but the numbers are elite numbers. [Erling] Haaland has them, [Robert] Lewandowski has them and that’s why everybody is going to be looking.” While Hoddle noticed a side to his game away from goalscoring that he was impressed with: “From what I have seen of him he looks like he plays for the team, there are times you think he is going to try and score but he has laid people on and done the right thing for the team. “It is a massive added bonus for a striker, normally they are so single-minded but this kid plays for everyone.”