In the Casa Amor villa Jessie tells Lana how she’s feeling about Will, who has received a lot of criticism from viewers. She says of speaking to Frankie: “It’s making me miss Will. Talking to him I just think my heart’s really closed off. "Yesterday I was thinking a lot about what they’re doing in the villa and I was starting to feel that jealousy feeling and being like...” Explaining how she’d feel if Ron was with someone else after Casa Amor, Lana says: “It would be done for me, 100 per cent.” Love Island is heating up on ITV2 as the two villas are brought back together. There is said to be the biggest cull of contestants yet as the originals decide if they want to stay with their partners or recouple. It has been reported the savage recoupling will take place in tonight's episode. A source told The Sun: "Reuniting the two villas was explosive - the recoupling will be a real shock. The tension was off the scale - viewers will be really surprised as to who choses who. "It's an unmissable episode." The highest number of islanders kicked out in one dumping has been six. However, the show is now reportedly set to make history as nine contestants plan to head home. Also in tonight's episode, Martin catches up with Olivia in the Casa Amor villa. READ MORE: Doctor Who exclusive first-look as Ncuti Gatwa pictured on set She was speaking about her kiss with Maxwell and explained: "He’s nice, he’s very attractive. As soon as he came in I thought, 'Ok, he’s a bit of me.'” Wanting to be honest, Martin replies: “I don’t know Kai, I have no problems against him, but I feel like you’re not even his number one or number two nor three even…” Olivia asks: “You think I’m not even his number three?” To which Martin drops a disappointing bombshell: "Honestly I don’t think so. Even after Tanyel he was with Samie. He coupled up with Samie first, not you.” Meanwhile, back at the main villa, Kai speaks to Sanam about her kiss with Casey. Kai says: "The girl I’m gravitating to the most in here is probably you. I enjoy speaking to you. I enjoy getting to know you a little bit.” Sanam agrees as she adds: “I’ve been really enjoying it. I think the people I’ve spoken to the most are you and Casey. "I think our conversations flow really well. I feel really comfortable. I can be myself. I don’t know if I’m nervous or if our chats are more boom, boom, boom. With Casey, it’s like what else do I say?” DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item Love Island thrown into chaos with Casa Amor recoupling 'imminent' Love Island fans vow to boycott show following Will's 'plot twist' In the Casa Amor villa Jessie tells Lana how she’s feeling about Will, who has received a lot of criticism from viewers. She says of speaking to Frankie: “It’s making me miss Will. Talking to him I just think my heart’s really closed off. "Yesterday I was thinking a lot about what they’re doing in the villa and I was starting to feel that jealousy feeling and being like...” Explaining how she’d feel if Ron was with someone else after Casa Amor, Lana says: “It would be done for me, 100 per cent.” Jessie adds: “It takes a lot for me to trust. But I feel like if what Will and I have is true he’d actually be sitting there feeling the same way.” It appears plenty of hearts could be broken as the contestants think about their futures. In the evening, Will asks Layla for a chat about their kiss the night before. Will begins by saying: “For me it all hit me at once.” What decision will he make as the brutal recoupling awaits?   Love Island airs on ITV2 from 9pm.