Chelsea fans have called for Graham Potter’s head after the Blues suffered the ignominy of losing to bottom-of-the-table Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday. Potter has won just five of his 17 top-flight games at the Chelsea helm and has been tipped to be sacked by the club’s American owner Todd Boehly. “I’m not watching any Chelsea match again until Graham Potter is out of this club,” wrote Ifecko77 on Twitter. “What a disgrace.” Meanwhile, @Isaiahmutheng1 penned: “This man Graham Potter is clueless, general and empty. Sack the dude!” And @LewisHalpin20 added: “Graham Potter is the worst Chelsea manager in history.” Other Chelsea fans were adamant that Boehly should not delay his wielding of the axe. “Sack Graham Potter in the tunnel,” wrote @haldich1. “The worst manager in Chelsea history." And @LewisHalpin20 penned: “Graham Potter has to be sacked by midnight. Be amazed if not, £600m spent and they can't buy a goal.” Incredibly, @iamNulad even predicted the ex-Brighton manager would take the club into the Championship. “Chelsea board need to act fast before Graham Potter takes them to relegation if you ask me,” he wrote. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar make £5bn offer, Sir Jim Ratcliffe bid, four buyers at table    Southampton dominated long spells of the first half at Stamford Bridge and eventually made their breakthrough in stoppage time just before the break as England international James Ward-Prowse curled a free-kick over the wall and into the corner of Kepa Arrizabalaga’s net. The Blues attempted to find a way back into the clash in the second period as half-time substitute Raheem Sterling had two efforts cleared off the line. But the visitors held on to claim all three points. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race   “After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable,” Potter conceded after the match. “We've had a tough period and are integrating young players into the Premier League. When results don't go your way it's tough. I'm not arrogant enough to say that their opinion isn't worth articulating. My job is to help the team and work through a team period. The truth is we took a step back with our performance in the first half. Our response in the second half was good, but it wasn't enough. “Southampton mixed the game well but our performance wasn't what we wanted in the first half and I take as much responsibility in that. Second half was good and we deserved a goal. But when you don't, it's obviously difficult.” 