Kitchens are often called the heart of the home - and for good reason. We demand a lot from our kitchens not just as spaces to cook and eat but to entertain, work, rest and even exercise. Since the pandemic, kitchens have become the most functional spaces in our homes which means they have to work around our busy schedules. With this in mind, Express.co.uk has spoken to two experts about the latest kitchen trends to include in your home and which ones to avoid completely. Jayne Everett, design director at Naked Kitchens said the colour black is making a comeback in 2023 which will likely be reflected in our kitchens. She told Express.co.uk: “Black seems to be back and it’s definitely trending in the fashion world. No doubt this will lead to an overflow into kitchen trends.” However, she warned that while black is “striking” in a kitchen, homeowners should be careful “not to overdo it”. She suggested combining black with softer colours or natural materials to make the overall look “more liveable and long-lasting”. READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito The kitchen expert also claimed “pops of colour” will also continue to be popular in the year ahead. Jayne continued: “Pops of colour are always a winner and in 2023 this certainly will be the case. “It is essential not to overdo the use of bright colours and to purely have these as accents and not as a dominant feature within the overall colour scheme.” One trend which has dominated kitchens over the last few years is metallic finishes like fixtures in materials like brass. DON'T MISSFive paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [INSIGHT]Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [UPDATE]Expert shares how to keep inheriting property 'cheap and easy' [ANALYSIS] However, Jayne claimed the popular fixture trend - which is often used on taps, cupboard handles, light switches and plug sockets - is “on the decline”. Jayne said: “Metallic finishes are definitely on a decline. Brass was very popular over the past few years. “However, moving into 2023 this tide has changed and now polished nickel plate or chrome is evidently on the increase. “Possibly leading to a sigh of relief as this finish is much easier to combine with non-integrated stainless steel appliances.” READ MORE: Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Ben Burbidge, managing director of Kitchen Makers said kitchen islands will continue to be popular but homeowners should be aware they don’t suit every space. He explained to Express.co.uk: “Kitchen islands have become a highly sought-after addition for all styles of kitchen. They can be fantastically versatile and eye-catching, however, they don’t suit every space. “The best layout for a kitchen very much hinges on the proportions of a room, the light and where the services are situated. “Many kitchens would benefit from better flow with alternative layouts which offer similar characteristics. “A peninsula, for example, can provide a better configuration in terms of space saving in kitchens with a smaller footprint.” Ben said “a rule of thumb” to remember is there should be a 1m gap between the island and the wall units for a kitchen island to add value to daily living. “Consider how you live and cook, and what you’d most benefit from before you finalise your layout, as it should be carefully considered to make sure that every inch of the kitchen is utilised,” he added.