A top lawyer described as an ‘Arsenal member’ has been appointed to lead an independent commission’s investigation into alleged financial breaches by Manchester City. The Premier League has referred over 100 alleged breaches from between 2009 to 2018 to the independent commission following a four-year investigation. Murray Rosen KC has been appointed to chair the commission. The lawyer was the first chair of the Premier League Judicial Panel and has extensive experience in sports law. The Judicial Panel has made the appointments for the independent commission, with Rosen selected as chair. His profile on 4 New Square’s website describes Rosen as an ‘Arsenal member’ and explains his involvement in sport both recreationally and professionally. An excerpt of the profile reads: “He is a strong believer in fairness and in the power and benefits of sport and has a keen appreciation of its social, political and financial aspects. He has participated in sport all his life, is a member of MCC and Arsenal FC, and still regularly plays real tennis and ping-pong.” JUST IN: Guardiola backed Man City after 'nine teams wrote letters to ban them' Arsenal will have no involvement in the investigation. The Premier League said: "Commissions are independent of the Premier League and member clubs. "The members of the commission will be appointed by the independent Chair of the Premier League Judicial Panel, in accordance with Premier League Rules W.19, W.20 and W.26 [rules on appointing a commission and the commission procedures]." The independent commission will investigate the alleged breaches of financial regulations. City say they were ‘surprised’ to learn of the allegations and say they are supported by an ‘irrefutable body of evidence’. A club statement read: “Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with. DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'having mischievous title chatter' after Man City chargesMan City issue defiant statement as allegations rock Guardiola's sideFans want Man City stripped of Premier League titles after charges “The club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all.” The Premier League announced on Monday morning that a four-year investigation had prompted it to refer City to the independent commission. It has alleged that its reigning champions breached rules requiring them to provide "accurate financial information that gives a true and fair view of the club's financial position". This information covered club revenue, which includes sponsorship income and operating costs. The Premier League also accuses the club of failing to fully co-operate with their investigation. City deny the allegations. The independent commission - chaired by Rosen, whose reference to being an Arsenal fan has now been removed from 4 New Square’s website - can use punishments ranging from a fine, a points deduction, or expulsion from the league.