People living in a town branded the "worst place to live in England" claim it is "unsafe" and that "everyone is unhappy about something". Readers of satirical website iLivehere were asked to vote for the place they felt was the "worst in England" last month - and Luton was given the dubious honour of top spot. Many of those living in the Bedfordshire town said they understood why it came in first place as they feel the crime rate is high, businesses are closing and there's little to do. Metin Bas, owner of the Arndale Newsagency, has lived in Luton for 21 years, and thinks the town deserves the title as residents don't feel safe. The 50-year-old man said: "I don't trust the police." "They don't do their job," he added, claiming this view was based on past experiences. He mentioned that there are many "thieves and beggars" outside the main shopping centre, who "come inside to steal stuff all the time," but that "the police say they can't do anything about it". The business owner continued: "If you look in the evening, everyone shuts down. People are scared and I don't feel safe. "Other people are scared to come to the town centre." Parents of teenagers told Mirror they don't feel it is safe for their children to go out at night.   Agnieszka Cwieluch, manager at the Polish Café Smaczek in the town centre, has lived in Luton for almost 18 years. The mum, who previously studied business at the University of Bedfordshire, said: "I wouldn't let my daughter go out for a few hours at night time." She explained there are "suspicious" people and that she has previously had a "scary incident" herself when she was out walking her dog. The 45-year-old is now looking to move away to somewhere "more quiet like a village". Naman Agarwal, who is currently in the second year of his International Business degree at the University of Bedfordshire said that he agrees, to an extent, that Luton is a bad place to live. The student, who moved from Nepal, added: "It's not fun. It's not all that great here financially. "Looking around at the people who are in the town centre, it just feels a little sad and [...] everyone is unhappy about something here. Everyone walks around with a frown on their face." Had he not made friends quickly at university, Naman, 21, said he "would have moved somewhere else."    Many shops in Luton had to shut down during the coronavirus pandemic. But Lorna Smith, a business owner who moved to Luton from London in late 2020, reckonsher hometown has a lot to offer and the iLiveHere poll result was "harsh". "Luton isn't a bad place. There are things that could be improved on. There could be improvements on facilities for the youths, for people with mental health issues and substance abuse," Lorna said. "I just feel like the councillors and the people in government need to take on board that there is a lack of facilities."  New research from Shelter found more than 3,000 people in Luton are classed as homeless, making it the worst area for people without permanent accommodation in the East of England. Unemployment is also an issue in the town, many residents said. But Axel Bi Dje, an international student in Luton who has come to the UK from Ivory Coast, said: "Luton, for me, is a better place to live as a student than say London, which is much more expensive. "Financially, it's better to stay in Luton. "Crime is OK. I've never had an issue with the police here."