Since Dancing on Ice began, the bookmakers have been sharing their predictions on which celebrities will be given the boot each week. They have also given fans their thoughts on who will end up winning the ITV competition. However, on Sunday night, the Love Island star and former EastEnders actor's time could be up. According to Ladbrokes' latest predictions, Patsy Palmer or Ekin-Su could be leaving the ITV competition. The former Eastenders actress tops the betting with the bookies at 11/10 to be axed, with Ekin-Su rated as a 2/1 chance. Meanwhile, Darren Harriet has odds of 9/2 to leave on Sunday night, while Siva Kaneswaran has odds of 8/1. Meanwhile, at the other end of the betting, it's Nile Wilson who remains the red-hot favourite for glory with odds of 6/5, followed by Joey Essex (3/1) and Carley Stenson (7/2). READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future  Jessica O'Reilly of Ladbrokes said: "With the skate-off back the odds firmly suggest Patsy won't be able to escape it this week and will be sent packing." Last Sunday, Ekin-Su and Brendyn Hatfield performed a routine to the Sound of Music. The duo scored a respectable 23 points from the judges, which sparked a smattering of boos from the studio audience. Oti Mabuse had nothing but praise for the reality star, telling her: "You can see you're really pushing yourself. "Keep pushing yourself, but I also want you to stay true to yourself because you're such a beautiful young girl, remember that. "It's not a bad thing to be sexy, it is a power we have as women." "What I like is to see you have made improvement," head judge Jayne Torvill chimed in. "My mark would have been higher but as you know there were wobbles in there." DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' Rhino's true identity  [THEORY]BBC backlash as fans blast Michael McIntyre over 'fake' surprise [VIDEO] Last weekend, Patsy narrowly avoided leaving the competition after Michelle Heaton was sent home. The duo were the last contestants standing, but the Liberty X star admitted she was "gutted" when Phillip Schofield read out her name. "I have loved every second of it and I loved everything I just did there," she explained. As she struggled to fight back tears, Michelle continued: "This man has just been amazing and I couldn't have done anything without you. "I am just so sorry it was cut short." "You don't need to be sorry," Holly Willoughby chipped in. "I really feel like we have seen you grow. "Look how far you have come in such a short space of time, you should be really proud of yourself." Dancing on Ice airs tonight at 6.25pm on ITV.