Vegetable shortages are not a UK-centric issue, with EU markets also plagued by limited stocks. As British supermarkets limit stocks, those living within the bloc are reporting pricing issues of their own. Rising prices across the continent have left residents already stung by electricity and fuel costs forking out more for their groceries. De Standaard has reported that, as Britons struggle with empty shelves, Belgians are experiencing similar issues. Those living in the country are seeing their prices rise and must "wait longer for Belgian strawberries". Cindy Van Rijswick, food and agriculture analyst at Rabobank, told the publication that super­mar­kets "across north-west Europe" are suf­fer­ing from a "dis­rup­ted sup­ply of fruit and veget­ables". She added: "Empty shelves like in the UK are not to be expected, but even here fruit and vegetables are more expensive." READ MORE: Therese Coffey tells people to eat turnips to end supermarket crisis Customers have complained about the increases in the Netherlands, where some products cause 30 percent more than last year. Speaking to the Telegraaf, Albert Heijn said it was "sad" when he went vegetable shopping. He said an avocado would "normally cost €1" but even those "in the bargain bin" now set him back €1.30 apiece. The newspaper reported that cauliflower prices have also risen in 2023, surging from €1.75 to an average of €2.52 each. Bell peppers now cost nearly €1 more, now €1.39 instead of €0.65 in 2022, while vine tomato prices increased to €4 by the kilogram compared to €2.76 for the same amount last year. EU businesses are attributing a similar cause to their prices to their UK counterparts. Wim van Geest said his family business depends on imports during the winter, with tomatoes coming from Spain, Portugal and Morocco. But cold weather has resulted in "much less supply”, pushing prices upwards. The UK is similarly reliant on Spain and North Africa, according to the British Retail Consortium (BRC). Officials said the UK imports 95 percent of its tomatoes and 90 percent of its lettuces from the countries. The situation is slightly worse for British businesses, for whom prices are rising faster. British supermarkets have started limiting their vegetable stocks, with Aldi, Tesco, Asda and Morrisons restricting customers to two to three vegetables per shop. Brexit has likely played a factor in the UK's issue, experts have said. Ksenija Simovic, a senior policy adviser at Copa-Cogeca, a group that represents EU farmers and farming co-operatives, said the country has lost out due to more complex supply lines and separation from European exporters. But this ultimately is a factor than the cause of the UK's shortages. She told the BBC: "It doesn't help that the UK is out of the EU and single market, but I don't think this is the primary reason the UK is having shortages." Additional reporting by Maria Ortega