Stricter emissions regulations state that new stoves in homes in "smoke control areas" are only allowed to emit 3g of smoke per hour. This is down from the previous limit of 5g per hour. The rules, which are part of the Government's new 25-year environmental plan, cover a majority of England's towns and cities. On-the-spot fines can be issued to anyone found to be disobeying them. The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs says log burners are the biggest source of particles of air pollution, called fine particulate matter (PM2.5), which enter people's lungs and blood. Some 1.5 million homes in the UK use wood for fuel but burning wood and coal in open fires and stoves is responsible for almost two-fifths (38 percent) of the UK's emissions of PM2.5. To put this into context, 16 percent come from industrial combustion, 12 percent from road transport and 13 percent from the use of solvents and industrial processes. A wood burning stove, therefore, emits more particles on an hourly basis than a diesel lorry. READ MORE: Five ‘red flags’ for house buyers to avoid ‘serious issues’ In addition to limiting how much PM2.5 wood burners are allowed to emit, the Government says it will help councils to "better enforce" smoke control areas. This includes being allowed to fine households up to £300 if their chimneys are emitting too much smoke, and even pursuing a criminal case if they fail to comply. Heating Specialist Chris Harvey, at Stelrad, sought to put the public’s minds at ease providing clear and easy guidelines on how to identify if you could be at risk. He said: “The UK is not banning wood burning stoves, instead, the new log burner regulations mean that only the cleanest and up-to-date stoves can be sold from 2022 and onwards. DON'T MISS‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ [EXPERT]Monty Don shares three plants that ‘should’ be pruned in now [INSIGHT]5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [TIPS] “It’s important that you understand and care about the new wood burning regulations because they help reduce air pollution and ensure that wood burning appliances are operating safely and efficiently. “For those looking to buy a new wood burner the new rules have stopped the sale of the most polluting fuels and any that are sold will have to meet strict new guidelines. You can still use your existing wood-burning stove, there are just a few things you need to be aware of. “Wood burning appliances can produce harmful emissions that can contribute to air pollution and lead to health problems. “By following the new regulations, people can help protect the environment and their own health as well.” READ MORE: Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ For those unsure of whether their wood burner could be at risk of a “£300 fine and criminal record”, or to their health, Chris has shared four points to be made aware of. According to the heating pro, any wood that you use “must” have a moisture content of less than 20 percent. This type of wood will burn the most efficiently and with the least chance of creating excess smoke during burning. He said: “It can be very hard to tell how dry a piece of wood is, so you can either invest in a moisture metre or purchase wood from a trusted supplier.” When wood is burned, Chris said that it releases harmful pollutants that can be seen by the naked eye. These tiny particles flood into the room when the door is opened and the fire is refuelled. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He added: “They can pass through the lungs and into our bodies, potentially increasing our exposure to health issues.” The heating guru warned that old wood burners may not meet current safety standards and building regulations. He advised that households need to make sure they clean and maintain it properly, and that they get it inspected at least once a year by a professional chimney sweep who can look for ash and creosote accumulation, bird nests and cracks. Chris warned: “You’re more likely to suffer from potential short or long-term health risks as your exposure is greater, so it’s important where you can to limit the amount of time it is left on.”