Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) realised the severity of Justin's (Andrew Still) obsession with her when he pretended to be her fiance to crash her wedding fair trip, admitting he was looking forward to the day they were able to be together. As the situation continues to become more dangerous, official ITV and Coronation Street spoilers reveal that Daisy will be targeted in a terrifying acid attack. Daisy has been committed to planning her wedding to fiance Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) and getting free things through her influence on social media. However, as she soon tells Justin she will get a restraining order if he doesn't leave her alone, his intentions turn nasty. Daisy is soon set to have corrosive liquid hurled at her by Justin in the run-up to her wedding day, leaving her devastated and heartbroken. The hard-hitting storyline has been praised by Women’s Aid, which works with model and TV presenter Katie Piper who was a victim of an acid attack by her ex-boyfriend. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain A soap insider recently told The Mirror: "In the weeks to come, Justin’s fixation with Daisy will build and build until finally he confronts her in the Rovers – and throws acid at her. “It is a truly horrifying scene that will leave viewers stunned. “Bosses felt it was an important topic to highlight, but great care has been taken to make sure it’s handled sensitively. “They’ve been working with a number of research partners who have offered their expertise.” Women's Aid's head of media Teresa Parker added: "Coronation Street are always very thorough in their research in violence against women storylines. “We were happy to speak to the researchers. Storylines like this raise important awareness of issues like stalking and the danger it presents.” Charlotte Jordan recently opened up about the storyline with Daisy and Justin and admitted that she is saddened by the effect Justin is having on Daisy. She told Express.co.uk and other press: "Even though she has got Daniel and Jenny [Connor] saying come off of social media, she has been fighting it because she thinks that's not fair. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise episode 7 will welcome back series 12 guest stars [WATCH]Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore  [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage [INSIGHT] "So she has been trying to keep a hold of her identity and keep a hold of the things that she wants but this episode is where she relents and thinks ok I will step back a bit. Daniel takes over her social media for her so she doesn't have to see his constant messages, but he does something that is quite right but it upsets her because she has been working so hard to give them this wonderful wedding. "Daniel mucks up her social media and it sends her over the edge because her nerves are shredded already because of Justin, this sends her into a psychotic spin, which is really sad. "She feels like no one is understanding her, the police aren't helping her so her levels are already up. "She storms off to get some air and she sees Justin with flowers and she just sees red. She feels so isolated, no one is understanding, no one is helping so she thinks well I will just take this into my own hands." The acid attack storyline comes after Loose Women panellist and model Katie was left fighting for her life in 2008 after being attacked by Daniel Lynch, who ordered a friend to douse her in sulphuric acid. Another high-profile attack saw The Only Way is Essex star Ferne McCann's ex-boyfriend Arthur Collins injured 14 people when he hurled acid across a London nightclub in 2017. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.