Nicola Bulley had her car keys on her when she disappeared, her friend has revealed as the search for the missing mum-of-two enters its 17th day. There had been speculation that the 45-year-old had left the keys in the ignition of her Mercedes.     But her neighbour and friend Charlotte Drake said that it is likely that the keys were in her coat pocket. Speaking with the permission of Ms Bulley’s partner Paul Ansell, she said that the keys were on her person, not left on the ignition. She said: "She would have put [them] in her coat pocket." According to Mr Ansell, the keys are described as having "a couple of Mercedes keyrings on it, one black and one blue" and "a round wooden key ring with paw prints on it, and a couple of normal keys". Ms Bulley's disappearance has been at the centre of a widespread search after she vanished without trace at 9.20am on January 27 when she was walking her springer spaniel Willow along their regular route in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancs. Her phone was left on a bench near the River Wyre still connected to a works conference call and her dog was found visibly distressed nearby when the alarm was raised. Despite searches of the river, Ms Bulley's whereabouts still remain a mystery. Now detectives are grasping onto any clues which may lead them to the mortgage advisor, as the ongoing search nears three weeks.   Friend Ms Drake has also praised Ms Bulley’s partner, saying that how he is getting through this is “nothing short of a miracle” as he continues to care for his two daughters. Speaking to Metro she added: “When many would be sat at home “waiting for news” he is using the media exactly as it should be used, to share the facts, highlight the lack of evidence and spread the word far and wide, so that he can hopefully reach someone that knows something. “As neighbours and friends, we’ve all said from 11am on day one when the police showed up … ‘She’s not in that river.’ My gut feeling remains the same. I honestly believe Nikki is not in the water.” READ MORE: UK launches security review of UFOs in US   Ms Drake said Ms Bulley was "the most beautiful person, inside and out who would do anything for anyone". The comments come as the community in St Michael’s on Wyre, and Ms Bulley’s friends and family have been leaving yellow ribbons with handwritten messages on a bridge near to where she disappeared. Messages on the ribbons include "We need you home Nicola", "Praying for your safe return" and "I love you". And a large poster with a photo of Ms Bulley has been attached to the railings. Lancashire Police are continuing to trawl the River Wyre towards the sea at Morecambe Bay, working on one hypothesis that the mortgage adviser from Inskip could have fallen in. Also helping with the search are specialists and divers from HM Coastguard, mountain rescue and Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service, with sniffer dogs, drones and police helicopters.   DON'T MISSRed Sea braces for Russian naval expansion as Kremlin approves base [ANALYSIS]Tory MPs accuse ministers of Brexit sellout after private EU summit [REVEALED]Excess deaths mystery 'needs solving urgently', says ONS [REPORT]      Mr Ansell says he wants to keep "all options open" about her disappearance, but his "gut instinct" tells him she is not in the river. He described Ms Bulley as "fun", "loving", "the most loyal friend you could ever have" and an "exceptional mum" who "absolutely adores our girls". Lancashire Police have been working on the theory Ms Bulley fell into the river and have carried out extensive searches of the waterway before moving down to the mouth of the river and the sea last week. A witness has now also come forward, claiming he spotted two men acting suspiciously close to missing Nicola Bulley’s dog walking route on January 26, the day before the 45-year-old woman disappeared. The local, who has requested to remain anonymous, said the presence of two men carrying fishing rods and wearing what appeared to be hats or hoods, made him feel "uneasy".    