 Salma Hayek Pinault, 56, and her husband Francois Pinault, 60, wed in 2009 in a very simple, and rushed, courthouse wedding. While explaining her character from the latest Magic Mike film who also marries a rich man, the actress insisted she didn’t marry for money, revealing the surprising reason she got married at all.  Salma is set to star in the latest instalment of Magic Mike alongside Hollywood heartthrob Channing Tatum, 42. The actress portrays a new character in the franchise, Maxandra, a middle-aged housewife married to a wealthy media mogul, but Salma insists the character is the polar opposite to her in reality. The Frida star told Glamour’s Sam Reed in an interview as their February cover star, explaining that she does understand the one similarity between her and Maxandra: the wealth of their husbands. Francois is a French businessman and currently the chief executive of Kering, the fashion conglomerate that owns labels like Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent. READ MORE: BBC Radio 2's 'purge of the old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady  He also happens to have an astonishing $40billion (£33billion) net worth according to Forbes. She gushed about Francois, saying he’s “very supportive” and “saw things in me that I never even saw in myself”. With emphasis, she noted: “I didn't marry my husband for money. And neither did Maxandra, by the way.” In actual fact, Salma almost didn’t marry her husband at all, with the real reason behind her nuptials being her family.      The actress met Francois in 2006 at a gala and it seemed to be love at first sight for the Academy Award nominee. However, as their relationship progressed, Salma’s self-proclaimed fear of marriage began causing some turbulence. Francois repeatedly asked her to marry him, and she would agree but just never show up to the wedding. In 2009 her family had evidently had enough and “dragged” her to the courthouse on Valentine’s Day.  She told Glamour it was like “an intervention”, and she “didn’t even know I was getting married”. Her parents and brother all accompanied her to the courthouse, leaving her with “no choice” but to say I do. The actress also got her dream day as Salma and Francois married a second time in a star-studded lavish affair in Italy a few months later. She admitted she was “nervous” about getting married, especially as critics began labelling their relationship. Nevertheless, their lengthy marriage has proved critics and herself wrong.  In 2021, Salma revealed to Dax Shephard on his podcast Armchair Expert that rumours began flying when news broke of her marriage. Salma recalled many saying it was an arranged marriage and that she had only married him for the money. She added: “Fifteen years together and we are strong in love and I don’t even get offended.”