 This month, NBC’s hit crime drama The Blacklist will return to screens for its 10th and final season. While news of the show's swansong devastated fans, many are looking forward to seeing Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) face off with his longtime enemy, Wujing (Chin Han).  Although bosses have remained tight-lipped about the upcoming storylines, news of Wujing’s return slipped through the cracks in a major way. The first time viewers saw the hacker on screens was during season one, when he was identified as a Blacklister. He was screwed over by Red before being arrested by the FBI SWAT team. During the season nine finale, Wujing resurfaced after Marvin Gerard (Fisher Stevens) passed him the Blacklist, prior to his death. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending Marvin also provided Wujing with proof Red was an FBI informant and with the criminal now out of prison, fans can expect to see him back on the scene plotting his revenge. Although it’s yet to be seen just how many episodes Wujing will feature in, the actor opened up about his filming experience. Taking to Instagram, Chin posted photos of Wujing, captioned: “Filming The Blacklist Season 1 in 2013 and now The Blacklist Season 10 in 2023 has been a blast in more ways than one. “To be able to revisit a character so many years later is a gift to any actor. Hope you enjoy.”   While season 10 hasn’t yet premiered, it’s unlikely Wujing will seek vengeance on his own. Plus by teasing the new series will be "a blast in more ways than one", could he be teasing a rather explosive and fiery reunion with Red? Fans have suggested, he could round up other Blacklisters from the past, who will turn up and help him get payback. As Wujing has previously had an entourage of his own there could be many mystery villains out there willing to take out Red once and for all. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [INSIGHT]The Blacklist cast left ‘very sad’ after NBC cancellation [REACTION]The Blacklist fans left ‘crying’ as NBC confirm cancellation [REACTION]    While this will undoubtedly force Red into action, not much can be said for his own organisation. The task force could still be reeling from the effect Marvin had on them along with the unexpected departures of two agents. After they finally closed the case of Liz Keen’s (Megan Boone) murder, FBI tech expert Aram Mojtbai (Amir Arison) decided to leave for a fresh start in Boston. Elsewhere, Alina Park (Laura Sohn) discovered her pregnancy was the cause of her mysterious headaches and therefore decided to step down from her role. Thankfully for fans, a synopsis for the premiere episode of season 10 revealed Wujing will be in and amongst the chaos.    It reads: “Six months after Wujing's escape from custody, Reddington mysteriously resurfaces in Manhattan amidst an explosion; when a former blacklister is found at the scene, the task force begins to investigate a larger conspiracy at play.” Bosses have also remained tight-lipped about the number of episodes in the upcoming instalments the final instalment will contain. As season 10 will wrap up almost a decade of The Blacklist, showrunner Jason Eisendrath stated: "After 10 years, hundreds of Blacklist cases and more than 200 episodes produced, we're honoured to reach our conclusion. “It's been incredibly fun to create the strange, devious and delightful Blacklisters to challenge Raymond Reddington and our FBI Task Force each week.” The Blacklist season 10 premieres on NBC on Sunday, February 26. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 