The Northern Ireland Protocol has been a source of tension since it came into force in 2021 because it has created a hard border between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. It came about as a compromise to enable the UK to leave the EU with a negotiated settlement. Rishi Sunak and Ursula von der Leyen will sit down today in Berkshire to try to finalise a deal which will resolve most of the problems with the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol. The argument was that there needed to be an open border on the island of Ireland to preserve the peace from the Good Friday Agreement which was signed 25 years ago this year. The original Brexit deal was negotiated by Lord Frost for Boris Johnson as the UK attempted to end the deadlock which had characterised the Theresa May-led negotiations. Lord Frost has said that neither he nor Mr Johnson wanted the Protocol but had been "left with no choice" because Parliament was being run by a cabal of Remainers aided by the then Speaker John Bercow and the only alternative of "no deal" was not available. However, at the time Mr Johnson insisted the protocol would "not create a hard border in the Irish Sea" but in reality it has. Since the 2016 EU referendum, Brussels has focussed on Northern Ireland as an issue because it has a land border with Ireland which is an EU member state. The EU's argument was that the Northern Ireland issue had to be agreed upon first to "protect the integrity of the Single Market" and not allow goods which did not meet its standards to enter it. David Jones, a former Brexit minister and now deputy chairman of the European Research Group (ERG) of Tory Brexiteer MPs has argued that the EU has a more sinister agenda. He told Express.co.uk: "This is a Trojan horse to allow the EU to force its rules on us and prevent us from diverging." Even though the original protocol deal had a potential escape clause for Northern Ireland with a vote after five years, it became clear very quickly that the protocol was going to cause problems. Top of the list was fresh goods, particularly meat and medicines, which would need new checks from going from mainland Britain to Northern Ireland. Even people wanting to take pets across the Irish Sea would have to do paperwork along with actual livestock. There became a concern that shelves in Northern Ireland would be left empty and there could be a crisis. This has meant the EU and UK have never implemented the protocol in full. A clause in the Protocol allowed either the UK or EU to lift it by triggering Article 16 in an emergency. In January 2021 at the height of the Covid pandemic, Ursula von der Leyen triggered article 16 to stop vaccines going to Northern Ireland in a move which united EU member states, the UK, Unionists, Irish Nationalists and the Irish government against her. Many argued that Boris Johnson should have followed suit to lift restrictions permanently between the UK and Northern Ireland but instead, he carried on with talks. The result of the ongoing dispute is that the main Unionist party the Democratic Unionists (DUP) now led by Sir Jeffrey Donaldson have refused to take part in the Northern Ireland Assembly until the protocol problems are resolved. They and their supporters in the power ERG group of Tory MPs will not accept a deal which does not fully restore Northern Ireland's full sovereignty in the UK and ends Brussels' rule over the province. This means that the Good Friday Agreement is in peril of collapsing just as US President Joe Biden is planning to come over to celebrate its 25th anniversary in April. The recent murder of a senior policeman in Northern Ireland by groups linked to the IRA has raised concerns that violence could reemerge. Joe Biden claims to have Irish heritage and the Irish lobby is very powerful in his party, the Democrats. Since taking office Biden has claimed that the UK's attempts to undo the protocol are endangering the Good Friday Agreement and he has made it clear there will be no UK/ US trade deal until the issue is resolved. While taking the side of the EU, the US President has himself been accused of not properly understanding the issues and endangering the peace deal. There are still two possibilities. The first is that the UK and EU come to an agreement, possibly today, to sort out the problems with the protocol and find enough compromise on all sides to allow the Northern Ireland Assembly to reconvene and the issue to be finally resolved. The second is that the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill which the UK government is close to passing is pushed through and that resolves the problems unilaterally by creating a UK internal market green lane across the Irish Sea and red lanes for things going to Ireland needing checks. This would be backed up with digital surveillance. The EU though has threatened a trade war if the second option is pursued. Simple. If he gets a deal which everybody can live with it will be a major political achievement and he will be guaranteed to lead the Conservative Party into the next election. If, on the other hand, the DUP and Tory Brexiteers reject the deal, there are ministerial resignations and he needs Labour votes to push through the deal then the Prime Minister may be facing a coup from the right. All the while Boris Johnson, the architect of the original problem, is in the wings waiting to take back control of Downing Street.