Feyenoord are reportedly fearful that Arne Slot will walk away from their club at the end of the season to become Leeds manager. The Whites have struggled to find a new manager since sacking Jesse Marsh earlier this week. The club have made several approaches since the American boss’ departure but are seeing their offers rebuffed. Leeds saw an approach for Slot blocked by Feyenoord earlier this week after he was identified as an alternative to West Brom’s Carlos Corberan. Though the Dutch side are concerned that the 44-year-old will still end up in the Elland Road dugout this year, according to The Mirror. Slot recently penned a new deal with the Eredivisie outfit which reportedly includes a clause that allows him to walk away from the club for a Premier League side over the summer. Therefore, fears are growing in Rotterdam that Leeds may consider appointing a caretaker manager and then hope that Slot jumps ship at the end of the season. There is a significant risk involved in that strategy from the Whites, notably that it would be very tricky to persuade Slot to join them if they are relegated. However, if they are able to survive the drop, it means the club are turning their back on someone who has improved the team. Slot was vocal about how he was not able to answer Leeds’ calls in the press earlier this week, explaining: “It is a massive compliment because Leeds is such a big and fantastic club. It is not a punishment to carry on with my job at Feyenoord, because we are on the way to bigger things. But Feyenoord are not letting me go right now.” However, former Sunderland and PSV manager Dick Advocaat believes that Slot should have protested against staying at Feyenoord. Despite Leeds sitting in 17th place in the Premier League, he feels that it was too good of an opportunity for the manager to not try and push for, explaining to Veronica Offside: “I would have tried to get away. If you can work in the Premier League, that’s a totally different world. There, everything really revolves around football. Everything possible is possible there. “It’s just not like that in the Netherlands. Feyenoord does not have a narrow selection, but if you look at the squads in the Premier League, it is not possible here. I think Slot is a good trainer, excellent even. What happens when they start paying amounts like they did with Julian Nagelsmann? He went to Bayern Munich for millions. Will they let him go then?”