The state pension continues to serve as a pressure point for the Government, with the payment continually thrown into the spotlight. The triple lock policy in particular is a hot topic, with speculation about its future continuing to run rife. The policy ensures the state pension rises each year by whichever is the highest of 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. Its return in April 2023 will see pensioners secure a 10.1 percent rise in line with September 2022’s CPI inflation figure. However, an expert has warned there are numerous factors which could see the triple lock put at risk in future. Catherine Foot, director of Phoenix Insights, said: “The triple lock has enabled the state pension to keep up with at least inflation or average earnings growth since its introduction, but an ageing population and recent macroeconomic volatility has brought its long-term funding into the spotlight. READ MORE: Pensioners may be eligible for sum worth £3,500, Martin Lewis warns “The Government will be grappling with this as it looks to balance the pressures of public spending and the experience of individuals impacted by a rising state pension age.” It is thought nearly half of the population is reliant upon the state pension for the majority of their income for later life. The state pension is increasingly being viewed as a safety net in retirement, but for many it continues to serve as the bedrock for income in later life. Something which may shift the perception of the state pension is a rising state pension age, already scheduled to occur in the coming years. DON'T MISSWomen over 70 urged to check if they are owed state pension payments [INSIGHT]HMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [WARNING]Tax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more [EXPLAINED] Increases to 67 and 68 have already been laid out in legislation, but the speed at which these will occur is currently being considered. However, Ms Foot warned any further increases to the state pension could have an impact on older Britons. She explained: “Any further increases to the state pension age, or advance in the timeline for the planned increases, must come alongside a plan to help people maintain their income or save more in order to plug the gap.” The Government must continue to weigh up whether state pension age changes are the best route forward, or whether the triple lock can remain. READ MORE: Inheritance warning after family hit with £50,000 bill This is particularly the case as Ms Foot argued “increases to the state pension age aren’t always felt evenly.” She continued: “The most recent rise resulted in more 65 year-olds in poverty, relying on out-of-work benefits. “Our insight has shown it’s imperative that a portion of the savings the Government makes from potential changes is channelled back to help those impacted, in particular helping people stay in work longer and supporting those for whom that is not feasible.” Many older people will want to see the triple lock continue, to help the state pension keep pace with inflation and the cost of living. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, questions still remain about the sustainability of the mechanism going forward. Ms Foot added: “There are important decisions concerning how this additional expenditure should be funded (through increased taxation, borrowing, or reduction in other forms of public spending). “The state pension could be changed or targeted in terms of its generosity or eligibility. “The decision over the triple lock is expected to be widely debated across all political parties in the coming year.”