Manchester United co-owner Avram Glazer is set to risk major fan backlash by attending Sunday's Carabao Cup final against Newcastle. The American billionaire rarely attends matches and his prospective appearance comes at a tense time, with supporters unsure as to whether the club will be sold. The Glazers, who have owned United since 2005, admitted late last year that they were 'exploring strategic alternatives'. They have never made it clear whether a full sale could be on the cards, although bids were invited before a soft deadline earlier this month. Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani went public with their respective proposals, which are both thought to be in excess of £4billion. However, there are now murmurings that the Glazers may not be committed to surrendering the club completely, despite fans making it crystal clear that they want them out. According to The Athletic, Avram Glazer has already communicated his wish to appear at Wembley this weekend, where United will attempt to win their first trophy since 2017. JUST IN: Chelsea ace Enzo Fernandez reacts to Graham Potter sack pressure The 62-year-old has not been present at a Red Devils game since manager Erik ten Hag's debut in the dugout - a 2-1 defeat to Brighton on the opening day of the season. His presence drew protests from fans, with some holding banners which read: "We want our club back." Glazer was also seated at Old Trafford for Cristiano Ronaldo's second debut in 2021, but his last game before that was all the way back in August 2019, when United hosted Chelsea and fans flew a banner over the stadium with the statement: "Glazers Out".  Supporters could take similar action in anticipation of Glazer's appearance at Wembley, with many keen to see the back of their controversial owners after years of perceived boardroom mismanagement and saddling the club with debt. The Glazers are said to be waiting for their £6billion asking price to be met, with younger brother Joel supposedly harbouring 'reservations' over a full sale due to his 'connection' with the club. Leading up to Sunday's final, Ten Hag has discussed the good and bad of United's opposition, who are on the hunt for a first major trophy since 1969. "I think [Newcastle are] a great team with a clear philosophy about how they want to play the game," he told reporters. "The key word is intensity. They do really well. They’re an annoying team to play against, so we have to find a way to win. They try to annoy you. We have to make sure that we play our game and we focus on our game. "The referees want to play effective time. [Newcastle] have the lowest in the league and they are quite successful with it. So, it’s up to us that we get speed in the game but also we are then dependent on the refereeing as well." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.