Last year, Walmart expanded its drones to deliver shopping to over 4 million customers, and the new advanced delivery system continues to become more convenient and available. The retail giant has just recently launched drones at the Walmart Supercentre in Winter Haven, Florida, which is just one store of 36 that use the devices spread across seven states.    Walmart’s founder, Sam Walton, once said he was driven “to buck the system, to innovate, to take things beyond where they’ve been” and Walmart has been doing that with its new state-of-the-art delivery system. The superstore began testing drone delivery in 2020 and in 2022 it completed over 6,000 drone deliveries. Walmart’s drone service is available for same-day delivery between 8am and 8pm and the brand's website says that your delivery can be up in the air around as little as 30 minutes after ordering. It costs $3.99 and the maximum delivery weight is ten pounds, as the Walmart website states: “Simply put, if it fits safely it flies.” READ MORE: Walmart shopper's best deals are 'honestly cheaper than Amazon'    Walmart has said that the drone programme has been very successful. On its website, the company said: “We’ve seen a positive response from our customers that have used the service. “In fact, while we initially thought customers would use the service for emergency items, we’re finding they use it for its sheer convenience, like a quick fix for a weeknight meal.” The retail giant has also revealed favourite products from customers using the drone service, which include cookies and cream ice cream, red bull, rotisserie chicken, lemons and bounty paper towels. Walmart customers can expect more stores to offer drone delivery in the future, as the store has said on its website that 4,700 of its stores are located within 90 percent of the US population, making Walmart “uniquely positioned” to help the futuristic technology become more widely available. DON'T MISS:Walmart pulls ‘poorly named’ KKK boots [REVEAL]Walmart shopper's best deals are 'honestly cheaper than Amazon' [REPORT]Shopper claims Walmart will start charging $1 for carts this month [INSIGHT]  Where in the US is Walmart offering drone services? Check out the list below to see if drones are available at your local store. Arkansas