Tom Brady's two former teams have responded with classy gestures after the 45-year-old legend announced his retirement from the NFL on Wednesday. After seven Super Bowl championships, five Super Bowl MVP's and three regular season MVP's, Brady has decided to walk away from the sport in which he has spent more than half of his life playing in at the highest level.   Although Brady was set to be without a team after his contract with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers was up, momentum had recently been gaining on the idea of Brady remaining in the league, with a number of teams reportedly interested in acquiring him. However, he posted a video message on his social media pages declaring that he will indeed retire from the sport. He said: "Good morning guys, I'll get to the point right away. I'm retiring...for good. I know the process was a pretty big deal last time, so when I woke up this morning I figured I'd just press record and let you guys know first. "I won't be long-winded, I think you only get one super emotional retirement essay and I used mine up last year. Thank you so much to every single one of you for supporting me. My family, my friends, my team-mates, my competitors, I could go on forever, there's too many. Thank you guys, for allowing me to live my absolute dream, I wouldn't change a thing. Love you all." After becoming aware of the news, both the Buccaneers and New England Patriots were quick to respond. Brady spent 20 years with the Patriots, winning six Super Bowls - as they posted an image of the quarterback with six rings on his fingers, along with three goat emoji's. The Buccaneers, meanwhile, posted a graphic with the caption 'Thank you Tom', where Brady spent three years and brough the franchise just it's second ever Super Bowl. Brady's last season will do down as a disappointing one, finishing with a losing record, but did make the playoffs with the res of their division struggling. With it being almost impossible for anyone to replicate Brady's magnificent career, he is set to go down as one of the great winners in not just the NFL, but in all of sports. But he will not walk away completely from the game, as he is set to join FOX Sports - potentially next season. Brady signed a 10-year, $375 million deal to work with the broadcasting team. 