Lewis Hamilton “dreamed” of driving for Williams and admired successful team boss Sir Frank Williams. The seven-time world champion admitted he was “hopeful” the team would mount a comeback and return to the front of the field so he could make the move. However, Williams have continued to drop down the field and have become F1’s backmarkers in recent years. Hamilton had previously admitted the team did not become a ”real option” for him going forwards in a blow to his hopes of getting behind the wheel for the iconic British manufacturer. Speaking to Sky Sports F1 in 2020, Hamilton said: “I was hopeful at some stage that they were going to come back and be back at the front. I remember dreaming of driving the car that [Nigel] Mansell had, or one of DC's [David Coulthard's] cars or something... but it never turned into a real option for me. And that's when I moved obviously to Mercedes.” The British F1 star also sang the praises of former team boss Frank Williams who he is understood to have enjoyed a good relationship with. READ MORE: Max Verstappen responds to Lewis Hamilton claim He added: "I'm a big fan of Sir Frank and his incredible contribution to the sport. He was always so positive to me and was one of the people I respected most here. He was probably one of the most honest, if not the most honest people in Formula One. “And so definitely sad to see an end of a chapter, but I think the legacy will continue." Hamilton took the ex-team boss on a Pirelli hot lap at the 2019 British Grand Prix to film a special feature for F1’s YouTube page. Frank’s daughter Claire hinted that the ex-Williams chief had “Two laps to convince [Hamilton] to come to Williams”. DON'T MISSVerstappen agrees with Valtteri Bottas as Lewis Hamilton and co gagged [INSIGHT]Red Bull unveil RB19 car as Max Verstappen hunts third F1 title [ANALYSIS]Will Lewis Hamilton end his F1 career at Mercedes or join F1 rivals? [COMMENT] She added: “You must be bored of winning now Lewis, so you come and see what you can do in our car.” Hamilton posted a touching tribute to Sir Frank after his death back in November 2021. He described the team boss as a “friend” and heralded his achievements in F1 as “something special”. He wrote: “Sir Frank Williams was one of the kindest people I had the pleasure of meeting in this sport, always had time for me and always without judgement. “I feel so honoured to have called him a friend. What he achieved in this sport is truly something special. Until his last days I know he remained a racer and a fighter at heart. “I have the utmost respect and love for this man, and his legacy will live on forever.”