Cristiano Ronaldo has confirmed that he will be in attendance for Jake Paul and Tommy Fury’s Saudi showdown on February 26. There had been rampant speculation that the footballing legend would be ringside given his relocation to the Middle East following a recent move to Saudi Pro League side Al-Nassr FC. And now, friend and broadcaster Piers Morgan has confirmed that the Portuguese star is attending the much-anticipated contest at the Diriyah Arena. During his interview with Paul on the most recent episode of Talk TV’s Piers Morgan Uncensored, Morgan asked The Problem Child if he thinks Ronaldo will come to the fight. To which, Paul replied: “That is what the rumours are saying man and I think Tommy is going to be his masseuse after this.” Shortly after the conclusion of their interview, Morgan shared a text he had received from Ronaldo that established he would in fact be going to the event. “Well, a quick update to the end of that conversation, Cristiano Ronaldo has just told me he is going to the fight on Sunday and he thinks it’s going to be a great fight which many people do so there you are,” added Morgan. Paul and Fury will finally get the chance to face each other on Sunday after eighteen months of waiting and two failed attempts to get the bout over the line. Ahead of their inaugural encounter in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after suffering a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. Given their messy history, many doubted whether the fight would ever take place and those doubts were only heightened when Fury no-showed their launch press conference two weeks ago. However, he did turn up to their final press event this evening and had a lot to say about his fierce rival. "His opponents have been in their 40s and 50s. Everyone knows MMA fighters are not boxers. They aren’t boxers and he couldn’t deal with them,” he said. "He still went eight rounds with him [Anderson Silva] and looked like he went through the trenches. He will realise what boxing is. You have a proper fighter here and one who will take your head off." But Paul remains confident that Fury won’t have enough to trouble him on fight night. “We’ve picked this guy apart,” he said. “We’ve studied him. He makes a lot of mistakes. He’s great on offense. He’s got a great jab. Lots of combos. Speed. Good footwork. Good movement. He’s a good boxer, but he’s not a great boxer. His lack of defense and lack of head movement is going to be exposed on Sunday.”