An injured cat has been found just five miles away from home and returned to its shocked owners after more than six years of living stray. Raffi was discovered injured in a backyard by the RSPCA who brought him back to his owners. Raffi, a black and white man, went missing before Christmas 2016 from his Old Trafford, Manchester, residence. After months and years of fruitless seeking, Mustafa Javed and his family came to the conclusion that he had most likely died. Assuming their cat was dead, Mr Javed and his children, Maryam, Ibraheem, and Khadeeja, who were just seven, six, and three years old at the time, held a "burial" ceremony for him. The father-of-three described how people looked for Raffi in all kinds of weather and even started Facebook groups because they were crushed by his loss. They eventually gave up hope. But on January 17, to the family's delight, they got a call from the RSPCA saying the chipped pet had been found, Manchester Evening News reported.  Raffi was discovered by RSPCA inspector Rachel Henderson, who was dispatched to an injured cat found in the garden of a home in the separate Manchester suburb of Longsight. She found out he was registered with the Javed family after the officer scanned him. Raffi has returned to Old Trafford after being treated at the RSPCA's Greater Manchester Animal Hospital for a back abscess. READ MORE: World's tallest cat costs hundreds of pounds a month to feed Ms Henderson said she was "shocked" how long Raffi had been missing but was "delighted to be able to let Mustafa and the rest of his family know the good news". She said: "It's obviously been an emotional time for them. They'd grieved and understandably moved on in the years since. But seeing the joy on their faces now their much-loved pet is back is something I will remember for a long time." The family, who adopted Raffi as a young adult cat, hopes that his story will encourage pet owners to have their pets microchipped. DON'T MISS:‘Effective and safe’ tips to stop cats and foxes pooing in your garden [REPORT]Animals knew Turkey earthquake was about to hit - they too paid price [REPORT]5 common flowers that are a ‘definite no-no’ - ‘highly toxic’ to pets [REPORT]  Mr Javed said: "We wish Raffi could talk and tell us his story. "When we picked him up from the animal hospital he looked at us as if to say 'where have you been all these years?' We get the feeling he knows where he is and it's amazing he's safe, he's well, he's back and we get a chance to have him with us again. "We’d also like to think his story inspires other people to microchip their animals and gives hope to those whose pets are missing." READ NEXT:Woman and cats found dead in tragic house fireGarden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’Ukraine celebrates both big cats and small after Leopard 2 boostFamily left devastated as fire destroys family home and kills catPostcode plagued after dark by 'rats as big as cats'