Todd Boehly's free-spending transfer policy at Chelsea may have pushed Jude Bellingham closer to joining Liverpool at the end of the season, according to reports. The Reds have been credited with a strong desire to land Bellingham at the end of the season in order to improve their midfield ranks, with Jurgen Klopp believed to be a huge admirer of the England playmaker's talents. Liverpool will not be alone in the race to land Bellingham when the campaign draws to a close, though, with Chelsea also having been linked with a move for his services alongside the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester City. However, the player himself is said to have been put off the idea of joining the Blues due to Boehly's spending habits and will not entertain a move to Stamford Bridge as a result. That's according to Bild, who are reporting that Bellingham is unwilling to join Chelsea after being left disillusioned by their erratic transfer policy over the last few months. The west Londoners have been the Premier League's biggest spenders by a considerable distance in the last two transfer windows and splashed over £320million on new players in January alone. Chelsea would almost certainly be able to meet any financial demands laid out by Bellingham thanks to their lucrative backing, although it seems likely that money will not change his mind when it comes to deciding his next destination at the end of the campaign. Liverpool and Real Madrid are still believed to be the frontrunners as things stand, with Los Blancos widely reported to have the edge over their Merseyside counterparts in spite of their lack of spending power when compared to Chelsea. JUST IN: Sean Dyche defends Farhad Moshiri despite Everton making no signings The Spanish giants are not prepared to pay a ridiculous transfer fee in order to sign Bellingham but will attempt to turn the player's head by selling their project to him over the coming months, according to Relevo. It is said that Real Madrid will remind Bellingham that Luka Modric, Toni Kroos and Dani Ceballos will all be out of contract in the summer, which means that there is likely to be less competition in the middle of the park from next season onwards. Ceballos is reportedly set to leave the Bernabeu upon the expiry of his current deal, while there is a chance that Modric and Kroos could extend by another season between now and the end of the campaign. Bellingham would then be informed that he could take advantage of that extra year to learn from both players and make a 'sweet transition' into a regular starting role in the middle of the park. It remains to be seen where Bellingham will end up if he leaves Dortmund as expected when the season draws to a close, with the 19-year-old set to have no shortage of options to choose from as he weighs up his next career move. Former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan recently suggested that Liverpool could still manage to force themselves ahead of Real Madrid in the battle to land Bellingham, even if they fail to achieve a top-four finish in the Premier League after a lacklustre first half of the season. "I understand that Man City are a beautiful work of art and watching football played by Man City is a pleasure, but there’s something more dynamic about Liverpool," Jordan recently told talkSPORT when quizzed on the Reds' chances of negotiating a move for Bellingham. “So, I’ve enjoyed watching them more than Man City. That will also reverberate with certain players I think if [Jurgen] Klopp clicks into gear and if the board click into gear around Bellingham and others then Liverpool will be back in good nick. I know your point that if Liverpool don’t get top four how do they get Bellingham, but I think Liverpool sells itself." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.