Carl Froch is in agreement with Tyson Fury on the future of his brother Tommy. Both men believe the ex-Love Island star should stick to making mega bucks boxing influencers rather than going down the traditional gloved route. Fury reportedly pocketed £3.7million for his Saudi showdown with Jake Paul on Sunday night, a career-best payday, and is set to receive another seven-figure purse when they rematch later this year. But he could have taken home even more money if he had accepted Paul’s double-or-nothing deal. It is estimated that Fury missed out on an extra £80,000 per punch after not signing on the dotted line. However, getting one over on his fierce rival will be the greatest prize of all especially given the pressure placed on his shoulders in the lead-up. His own brother Tyson threatened to disown him and strip him of the Fury name if he fell to defeat against Paul. But luckily for Tommy, he got the win and now Tyson wants to see him continue with the momentum and box more celebrities. When asked whether Tommy will continue down the traditional boxing route following the proposed rematch with Paul, Tyson replied: “Nah, he’ll be headlining now forever. I’d like to see him fight a rematch with Jake Paul and fight Logan, his brother.” In a similar vein, Froch told BonusCodeBets: “I'm not giving Tommy any stick at all because he's young and learning but will Tommy ever become a world champion? Probably not. I don't think he's good enough. But boxing is about timing and it depends who is the champion at the time. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul's new £207,000 tattoo mysteriously disappears before Fury loss Tate sends message to Paul from prison after Fury points defeat Fury misses out on staggering sum per punch after refusing Paul bet “If he campaigned at cruiserweight you look at the current crop like Richard Riakporhe and Lawrence Okolie - you would not put Tommy in with them, it would be dangerous, not now and maybe not in a couple years time either. But it depends how Tommy develops. “Tommy had a good eight rounds against someone who tried to win. The problem is, he’s earned so much money in an easy eight-rounder, does he want to be a professional fighter? Where does he go from here because he won’t earn that kind of money elsewhere. “After earning that money in a steady eight-rounder, I don't know where the motivation will come from, or the mindset to want to train for 8-10 weeks for a pro fight. If I was Tommy I'd go down the celebrity boxing route. “I'd pretend to the public that I want to be a pro fighter and make out that I'm looking for those fights but in the meantime, I'd be looking at who is next - what's KSI up to? What's happening with this rematch with Jake Paul? Who else is there on the exhibition scene?” 