Kate Middleton has been in the Royal Family since 2011, giving royal fans 12 years of royal fashion to admire. In contrast, Meghan Markle only joined the Firm in 2018, but the Duchess of Sussex has worn some fantastic outfits over the last five years. The Princess of Wales and the Duchess of Sussex share some similar tastes in fashion, however, according to a fashion expert the two women's styles are vastly different. Instagram user @databutmakeitfashion who has published "The Little Book of Big Fashion Data", took to social media to explain some of the key differences in Kate's and Meghan's style trends. The expert said: "I’ve been super interested in the differences in style between Meghan and Kate. "I did what I always do which is use data and analytics to understand fashion trends and here is what I found. READ MORE: Kate subtle fashion changes since becoming Princess spotted  "While Kate rarely wears black, Meghan wears all-black outfits around 40 percent of the time." When the Duchess of Sussex was a working member of the Royal Family, she wore black outfits many times. This included The Fashion Awards in 2018, where Meghan wore a bespoke one-shoulder black dress by Givenchy. This dress caused some debate at the time about whether it was against royal protocol or not to wear a one-shoulder dress, however, other royals such as Kate Middleton and the late Princess Diana loved this style.  In addition, while it's not said to be strictly enforced, royal etiquette dictates that black is reserved for mourning periods only. It's incredibly rare to see a royal lady wearing an entirely black outfit during an official daytime engagement - though the Duchess of Sussex broke this rule 40 percent of the time, according to this expert. This explains why the Princess of Wales is said to "rarely wear black". The expert continued: "Meghan also rarely wears glitter whereas Kate wears glitter around 20 percent of the time." READ MORE: Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show   Kate loves glitter for big royal events, such as the Royal Variety Performance where she wore an ice blue Jenny Packham glitter dress in 2017. The Princess also opted for an emerald glitter dress by the same designer at the Royal Variety Performance in 2021, followed by a glistening gold Jenny Packham number at the James Bond premiere that same year. The expert suggested: "And while Meghan rarely wears patterns, Kate wears patterns around 40 percent of the time." Meghan loves a monochrome look, especially for "muted tones", which she admitted in her Netflix documentary, Harry and Meghan.  The Duchess said: "Most of the time that I was in the UK, I rarely wore colour—there was thought in that. To my understanding, you can't ever wear the same colour as Her Majesty if there's a group event, but then, you also shouldn't be wearing the same colour as one of the other more senior members of the family. "So I was like, 'Well, what's a colour that they'll probably never wear?' Camel, beige, white. So I wore a lot of muted tones, but it also was so I could just blend in." In contrast, Kate loves patterns, especially polka dots during the summer months. The Princess of Wales dazzled fans with her polka dot dresses at almost every major royal event in the last year, including Prince Louis' first day at Lambrook school where she wore a brown and white Rixo dress. Kate donned an azure blue and white polka dot dress at Wimbledon in 2022 followed by a navy blue and white polka dot dress by her go-to designer Alessandra Rich. 