UEFA will not block a Qatari takeover of Manchester United should a bid from the oil-rich nation be made, according to reports. Qatari investment firms have been linked with a purchase of the Red Devils amid reports that the Glazer Family are looking to sell the Premier League club. However, they faced difficulties due to UEFA regulations stating that an owner cannot have control of two clubs in the governing body’s competitions. Qatar Sports Investments has owned French outfit Paris Saint Germain since 2011. There were therefore concerns that a Qatari-backed bid for United would fail. There would need to be evidence that the prospective ownership group was separate to QSI. But UEFA will apparently not block a Qatari bid should one be made. It is a major boost to firms from the nation who have expressed an interest in United. JUST IN: David Coote named Carabao Cup final ref and Newcastle fans are fuming That is according to the Daily Mail, who report that a Qatari consortium is planning on making an offer to the Raine Group - the bank overseeing the sale process. But they feared having their attempts to buy the 20-times English champions thwarted by UEFA’s rules. There has also been reported Qatari interest in Premier League rivals Liverpool and Tottenham. QSI chairman Nasser Al-Khelaifi, the PSG president, allegedly held talks with Spurs chairman Daniel Levy in January. The Glazers put United on the market in November amid continued fan backlash over their ownership. They are open to a full or partial sale of the club. “As part of this process, the board will consider all strategic alternatives, including new investment into the club, a sale, or other transactions involving the company,” CEO Richard Arnold said in January. DON'T MISS...Barcelona boss Xavi devising 'special plan' to deal with RashfordQatar had long discussions over Leeds bid before Man Utd takeover planMan Utd in battle with Chelsea for new Caicedo as '£15m bid rejected' “This will include an assessment of several initiatives to strengthen the club, including stadium and infrastructure redevelopment, and expansion of the club’s commercial operations on a global scale, each in the context of enhancing the long-term success of the club’s men’s, women’s and academy teams, and bringing benefits to fans and other stakeholders. “When and in what form that investment comes remains uncertain, but I feel confident in saying it will be a positive process for the club because we all understand the capital needs that we have, in terms of redeveloping the stadium and training ground while continuing to build a winning team." United have excelled on the pitch this season. Erik ten Hag’s side are third in the Premier League and have a shot at winning their first piece of silverware since 2017 when they take on Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on February 27.