Apex Legends developer Respawn is about to launch a brand new season on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Nintendo Switch. Titled Revelry, Apex Legends Season 16 has a February 14 release date and a 6pm GMT UK launch time. The new season shakes things up on the Legends front, adding a new class system alongside a gameplay perk for an increased level of strategy. Respawn explains more: "Rather than adding a new Legend this season, we're revamping the Legend Classes—bringing a new element to the Legends you know. "The Legend Class system divides our Legends into 5 classes. Each class reflects a core playstyle that encourages similar patterns of engagement on the battlefield. "We also wanted to give every Class its own strategic gameplay ability. Each of our current and future Legends now have a meaningful role benefitting the team they're on." Classes include Assault, Skirmisher, Recon, Controller and Support. Assault class can store more ammo and access hidden compartments of Weapon Supply Bins. Skirmisher, meanwhile, can gain early insight into the contents of a Care Package. Recon can use Modified Survey Beacons to reveal a snapshot of all enemy positions, while Controllers can plan ahead by using Ring Consoles to find the next Ring Location. Finally, Support characters can recover Ally Banners from Crafting Stations, even if the banner has expired. Elsewhere, Respawn will add the Nemesis assault Rifle, which features a ramping burst delay that decreases the time between bursts and simulates a fully automatic weapon. That's on top of the usual gamepay tweaks and bug fixes, as well as a new Battle Pass full of cosmetics. PATCH NOTES LEGENDS Seer • Passive - Heartbeat Sensor - Audio from Seer’s passive is now more audible to enemy players - Activation is now delayed to match raise animation of weapon or unarmed - Lock-On indication will now only show on heartbeat cadence of target • Tactical - Focus of Attention - No longer shows full body scan on scanned targets • Ultimate: Exhibit - No longer reveals on initiation - Duration reduced from 30s to 25s - Cooldown increased from 120s to 180s Bloodhound • Passive - Tracker - White Ravens - Ethereal White Ravens will now occasionally spawn near Bloodhound when no enemies are around. - White Ravens can be interacted with or scanned to trigger them to fly towards the nearest enemy player - The White Raven will leave a misty trail behind for Bloodhound to follow, and will share this direction with their team on the map. - Using a White Raven will recover 25% Tactical / Ultimate charge - Scanning a White Raven will fully refund the Tactical Charge • Tactical - Eye of the Allfather - Reduced full body scan time from 3s to 1s - Diamond target on scanned enemy is unchanged • Ultimate - Beast of the Hunt - No longer recharges or speeds up the cooldown rate of Bloodhound’s Tactical - Will launch a White Raven that flies towards the nearest enemy - Killing an enemy while in Beast of the Hunt will also trigger a White Raven Horizon • Tactical - Gravity Lift - Increased weapon spread in Gravity Lift - Increased vertical speed of Gravity Lift by 10% Mirage • Passive - Now you see me… - Mirage and his ally now remain cloaked after a revive for 3s - Weapons remain stowed while cloaked - Drawing your weapon will remove the cloaking effect early • Mirage Clones - Bamboozles are now only triggered by bullet fire and melee - Enemies who are bamboozled now receive notification on their screen - Bamboozle icon marker now tracks the Bamboozled player’s movement - Bamboozle icon marker duration increased from 2.5s to 3.5s Pathfinder • Passive - Insider Knowledge - Pathfinder’s passive benefits are no longer gained by scanning Survey Beacons - Pathfinder’s passive benefits (Ultimate charge and 10s Ultimate Cooldown reduction) are now gained by revealing Care Packages with the Skirmisher ability • Ultimate - Zipline Gun - Max Range increased by ~60%. - Max Speed increased by 66%. - Acceleration and exit speed adjustments. - Targeting improvements, including updated visual and audio cues. - Can no longer place the end station on OOB zones. Wraith • Ultimate - Dimensional Rift - Max Portal Distance has been doubled (~76m to 152m) - Portal Duration reduced from 60s to 45s - Wraith now increases speed over time when creating longer portals Lifeline • Passive - Combat Revive - Reduced the slow penalty on Lifeline when initiating a revive • Ultimate - Care Package - Decreased the drop animation speed of Care Package from 14s to 8s - Increased the deployment range of Care Package