Lionel Messi might keep his private life very quiet but that has not stopped his closest relatives from becoming recognisable faces in their own right. The Messi family includes two self-made millionaires and a former felon. The 35-year-old World Cup winner has become a global superstar due to his displays for Barcelona, Paris Saint-Germain and Argentina across the best part of the last two decades. But he has rarely offered a glimpse into his personal life. It turns out that several members of the Messi clan have interesting stories of their own. His father, Jorge, has made headlines in recent years having acted as his son’s representative during crisis talks with Barcelona and contract discussions with Paris Saint-Germain. Fans are likely to hear more from Jorge over the coming months with Messi’s future once again in doubt. The Argentina captain’s PSG contract expires at the end of the season and he has been linked with MLS franchise Inter Miami. READ MORE: Messi scores last-minute free-kick to seal dramatic PSG win vs Lille But Jorge’s other children have also hit the headlines in their own unique ways. In 2018, Matias, Messi’s older brother, was sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison for possessing an illegal firearm. Matias never went to jail, instead completing community service in Argentina. According to Rosario-based newspaper La Capital, the gun was allegedly found in a blood-stained boat towards the end of 2017. Matias had apparently crashed the vehicle in the Parana river. It was not his first run-in with the law, having been arrested in 2008 for allegedly possessing a loaded firearm in his belt. Messi has another older brother, Rodrigo, who is a self-made millionaire in his own right. Rodrigo, 41, owns a sports business agency and has several stars in his clientele. Former Chelsea defender Andreas Christensen was signed up prior to his move to Barcelona, while Ansu Fati was a client until his recent switch to Jorge Mendes. DON'T MISS...Man Utd takeover impact on contract talks with Marcus Rashford emergesFootball news LIVE - Ten Hag sounds Man Utd warning, Potter pressureTottenham could have sanctioned four deals instead of £40m error Another successful sibling is Maria, Messi’s younger sister who works as a fashion designer and model. In 2021, Maria launched her own bikini range and has worked with her sports star brother on a couple of fashion projects. It comes as Messi continues to impress in his second season in Ligue 1. The Barcelona icon hit a stunning 95th-minute free kick to secure a last-gasp 4-3 win for PSG over Lille on Sunday. The 35-year-old is now up to 16 goals and 14 assists in 27 club matches this term having also produced seven goals and three assists in just seven World Cup games in Qatar. It remains to be seen whether Messi will stay in Paris for another year, with club officials desperate to tie him down to a 12-month extension. David Beckham’s Inter Miami, who are coached by Phil Neville, are said to be of interest to Messi and his family.