Clips of Piers Morgan’s interview with Sasha Walpole have already been released, and the full video will be available to watch from 8pm tonight, February 9. In the interview, Sasha opened up about her relationship with Harry, and gave her candid opinions on the Royal Family and the Prince’s new life. Looking at the clips already available to watch on social media, body language expert Judi James claimed that Sasha did not pity herself for having been flung into the spotlight - a spotlight, she said, she has created for herself as nobody knew, until she revealed it, that she was the woman Harry was speaking about in Spare. In his memoir, Harry spoke about losing his virginity “to an older woman” in a field. In a clip, while speaking to Piers, Sasha said: “This isn’t going to go away - this is going to flare up. Until they know who it is, they’re going to be questioning people.” She went on to explain that she could have kept quiet, but claimed that people were going to find out that the “older woman” in question was her. Sasha also said she wished the Prince had given her a heads-up about what he was going to reveal in his bombshell memoir. Judi told Express.co.uk: “Sasha’s body language in these clips does not really define her as a woman with a plan to further her own career via fame by association. “She hasn’t got the look of the kind of wannabe WAGS who spill the beans with one eye on the best camera angles. “There are no self-pitying rituals here, just a sense of mild anger or irritation that Harry didn’t warn her he was going to write and talk about their moment of passion - but even that only occurs when it is prompted.”  The body language expert continued: “Anyone imagining the ‘horsey’ older woman who took the Prince’s virginity would look like a Jilly Cooper heroine played by Kate O’Mara or Joanna Lumley would have been way off the mark. “Sasha looks and talks in a very normal, down-to-earth and rather no-nonsense way, leaning forward slightly to show she’s happy to share her story, but peppering her words with ‘you know’ to suggest she doesn’t see what happened as a big deal. “Her hands are held up in a slightly throw-away gesture to add to this idea of it having been a pretty normal thing to do. “There is no sense of the kind of storytelling or elaboration techniques to suggest she has even bothered to tell this story to anyone else over the years. “Angles will be spun to get the best lines from her, but she looks cheerfully down-to-earth, as though sex with a Prince was reasonably unremarkable.” Speaking to Piers, Sasha said: “I could not have said anything, but it’s never going to stop.” She added: “He [Harry] could’ve given me a heads-up, say, you know, ‘I’m going to put it in the book’.” Sasha also gave her opinion on the current rift between Harry and William, having seen the brothers once share a close-knit relationship when they were younger. Piers asked Sasha: “If you were in the pub with them now, what would you say to them?” She responded: “Life’s too short. “Just sway your differences and, you know, just chat. But I probably will never be in the pub with the two of them again.” “You never know,” Piers joked. “I think Harry owes you a drink.”