This once-in-a-generation display at Kensington, Olympia, will take place between February 24 and 26 and will feature the famed Minis of George Harrison, Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr. The last time all three Beatles icons were seen together in London was during rehearsals for the White Album way back in 1968. Built in 1966 for each member of the band, these bespoke, coachbuilt Mini Coopers were styled to meet the band's individual needs. This is clearly illustrated by Ringo Starr’s Mini which features a hatchback - which was extremely rare at the time - to accommodate his drum kit. Starr’s unique car, along with those presented to fellow “fab four” band members, was ordered from revered British coachbuilding company Harold Radford & Co – pertinently then based just down the road from Olympia in South Kensington. The car also had a Webasto sunroof, cigar lighter, electric windows and reclining seats. READ MORE: Major new driving law changes launching in February 2023 In February 1984, some years after Starr's ownership, the car appeared on BBC’s Blue Peter, being described as the "Rolls-Royce of Minis", and in March of that same year went on display at the Beatle City exhibition in Liverpool. In December 2017, it was auctioned at Bonhams' Bond Street Sale and sold to former Spice Girl, Geri Halliwell, for £102,000. John Lennon’s version sadly has failed the test of time but McCartney’s much-loved top spec 1275cc Cooper S is one of the three to be displayed at The London Classic Car Show. Among a long list of Radford upgrades, it has a pair of additional headlamps mounted within the grille, sliding sunroof and Aston Martin taillights as well as Aston Martin ‘California Sage Green’ paintwork. DON'T MISSTraffic chaos expected as train strikes bring country to a standstill [WARNING]Petrol and diesel prices begin to spike and could continue to rise [SHOCKING]Switching from diesel to EVs could save drivers almost £10k a year [INSIGHT] George Harrison's personalised Mini was originally finished in black but he later decided to brighten its appearance with a full, flower-power, psychedelic makeover as featured in the Magical Mystery Tour movie. As the legend goes, the famed Minis were organised through Beatles manager Epstein’s friend Terry Doran. It just so happens that he is cited as the inspiration for the line “meeting a man from the motor trade” in the 1967 Beatles song, She’s Leaving Home. “We are beyond thrilled to announce our very special addition to The London Classic Car Show,” enthused Martin Clarke, Content Director of the event. READ MORE: ULEZ scrappage scheme is 'good example' as drivers can access EVs “This truly is a once-in-a-generation chance to see the last remaining Beatles Minis in all their glory – it’s certainly not to be missed by motoring and music fans alike!” On October 26, 1965, the late Queen Elizabeth II presented each of the four Beatles with an MBE, after they arrived at Buckingham Palace in John Lennon’s Rolls-Royce Phantom V. After this, as a symbol of gratitude, their manager Brian Epstein chose the wildly popular Mini models to gift to the brand, in complete contrast to the excess of Lennon's limousine. Adding to the celebrations at The London Classic Car Show, the eye-catching display will coincide perfectly with George Harrison's 80th birthday. It is also the 60th anniversary of both the Beatles’ debut album, Please Please Me, and the band’s first number one hit, From Me to You, which was recorded in March 1963 and reached the top of the UK charts just a couple of months later. The London Classic Car Show will also be taking a look back on 70 years of the Corvette as part of its "Generations" display, as well as the "Market Makers", a discovery of the classic car industry’s top end models. But that’s not all – visitors will also get the low-down on the industry with interviews led by motoring legends and, day trippers on Saturday will also be able to raise their hands in a live auction courtesy of Historics Auctioneers. Full details of all ticket buying options – as well as the latest show news – can be found on the official theclassiccarshowuk.com website.