WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Apprentice Martial Arts expert and self-made businessman Sohail from Southampton was hoping to take his self-defence company to the next level with an investment from Lord Alan Sugar. Sadly, this dream came crashing down around his head this evening (February 16) when he was seven packing in week seven of The Apprentice. Speaking about his firing, Sohail said it was “fair” he was the one to face the pointy end of Lord Sugar’s firing finger. He said: “I do think it was fair. When see the episode I think it’s a fair firing. When it comes down to it, the mistakes were kinda of there. “I couldn’t agree with it more than anything, which is unusual to say but that’s my opinion.” Sohail also said he didn’t stand by the final product of the lunchbox and accompanying app for six to eight-year-olds. He said in hindsight he would have liked to have had more time to develop the product and make it “more appealing” perhaps even making it shiny and attractive to the intended target audience. READ MORE: Ryan Seacrest quits Live with Kelly and Ryan as replacement confirmed Sohail also addressed his bust-up with Marnie Swindells with the pair clashing throughout the episode. Sohail and Marnie both wanted to be project manager this week with the former getting the top job, which ultimately got him fired. The entrepreneur explained: “You’ve got Marnie on the show, for example, and it looks like it’s me versus Marnie but I can tell you now, we had so many moments. “On the motorbike task, that was a crazy, hectic one. Marnie was a bit down because things were not going her way and on the drive on the way back, we ended up having a completely random sing-along. “We were just singing in the back of the van on the way to the house and it was one hell of a moment.” Adding: “But on screen it looks like it’s me and Marnie against each other. There’s a lot that happens outside of it. It’s never quite how it looks.” Sohail also reflected on how his dynamic with Joseph Phillips was portrayed on The Apprentice with the pair initially seeming to be at loggerheads. He said: “But likewise at the same time, it’s me and Jo on the first one, we ended up having a bit of a spat in the first episode in Antigua. We were kinda at each other. “Then afterwards we became such good friends and when we were in the house, we ended up - Joe has a guitar, he knows how to play guitar. He ended up teaching me how to do that. “He’s basically teaching me how to serenade girls, that’s what it is. I was teaching him martial arts as well and we were having really good fun with that as well.” For those hoping for in-fighting and feuds, Sohail said he got on with all of his other candidates despite the bravado and bullish attitude they took into the boardroom. Sohail said fellow candidate Simba Rwambiwa was a kindred spirt on the show with the pair getting on well. He said he was in touch with a lot of the candidates and had made “life-long friends” from the process and “very close”. DON'T MISS...Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [VIEWER REACTION]1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton unrecognisable in new Instagram photos [PICTURES]Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore [INSIGHT] Although Sohail may not have won the investment from Lord Sugar, he is now focusing on his business AGMA Martial Arts for All. Reflecting on why he wanted to take part on The Apprentice, Sohail said he was looking to inspire others from humble backgrounds and encourage them to reach for the stars. He said: “I was that kid from the council estate who had nothing growing up. Literally, no income, no money, single-parent household as well. That was the case since I was seven-years-old or something like that. “One of the reasons I came on the show was to show people no matter where you’re from, you can make it at the end of the day.” The Apprentice airs on BBC One on Thursdays at 9pm