A newbuild estate is offering homes for £1 in a scheme hailed as "lifechanging" by residents. Three and four-bedroom dwellings can be bought on the Marches estate in Wolverhampton via a help to buy scheme. A total of 100 out of the neighbourhood's 300 homes are available for £1 after residents have rented for 25 years through a loyality premium. The homes were bought by Wolverhampton Council, the West Midlands Combined Authority and Frontier Development Capital at a cost of £24million so it could take place.  Aaron Parsons, 32, and Tim Perry, 30, are among 86 people whose applications to be part of the scheme were successful. The couple used to live in a one-bedroom council flat, although Mr Parsons was sofa-surfing before that, according to Wolverhampton Council. Mr Parsons told Birmingham Live: "It is life-changing to purchase a house on this scheme. Our experience of finding a decent home to rent has been really tough, we have experienced homelessness, and then moved into a social housing property. "We were living in a one-bed council flat, with no way of getting onto the property ladder. It is too good to be true, so much so we thought it was a scam." The incentive allows people to build up a loyalty premium through monthly payment plans, which can then be claimed back in cash when they leave the property or used as a deposit after 20 years. If they spend 25 years at the property it can be bought for just £1.     Mr Perry said: "I feel ecstatic, it has turned out all right." Those looking to buy on the estate don't need a deposit, and only have to pay a £1,000 application fee. The new homeowners will not have to contend with rent-like rules. They are allowed to decorate their homes as they please and can have pets. Unsurprisingly, the scheme's popularity has rocketed with even the show homes being sold off. The scheme also aims to help key workers get on the property ladder with an ambition to see more than 41 per cent of homes on the site occupied by essential workers such as teachers, nurses and police officers. In January, the average UK house price was £258,297 after having fallen by 0.6 percent in the same month, according to Nationwide Building Society. READ MORE: 25,000 FREE National Trust family day passes up for grabs in our fantastic giveaway  Annual house price growth slowed to 1.1 percent, from 2.8 percent in December with the typical property value now 3.2 percent lower than its August peak. House prices stalled in September last year, with 0.0 percent change. This was followed by monthly falls of 1.0 percent in October, 1.2 percent in November and 0.3 percent in December. The mortgage rates being offered by lenders jumped in the wake of the mini-budget. Borrowing costs have also been increasing as the Bank of England base rate has risen. Robert Gardner, Nationwide's chief economist, said earlier this month: "There are some encouraging signs that mortgage rates are normalising, but it is too early to tell whether activity in the housing market has started to recover. DON'T MISS: Baby dropped off in scheme that lets parents give up new-borns [REVEALED] William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source [LATEST] Ukraine LIVE: Russia boost defence as ‘breakthrough’ threatens Crimea [REPORT] "The fall in house purchase approvals in December reported by the Bank of England largely reflects the sharp decline in mortgage applications following the mini-budget. "It will be hard for the market to regain much momentum in the near term as economic headwinds are set to remain strong, with real earnings likely to fall further and the labour market widely projected to weaken as the economy shrinks." 