Arsenal sporting director Edu has reportedly opened talks with the representatives of 17-year-old Brazilian sensation Vitor Roque, who has scored six goals in seven outings at the Campeonato Sudamericano Sub 20 tournament in South America. Historically, the competition has been responsible for unearthing the best young talent from Brazil, Argentina and Colombia as European scouts jet across the globe to watch the players in action. And this time around, Roque has been one of the stars of the show for the Selecao after consistently delivering top performances. But even prior to the tournament, clubs from Europe had already started to take note as Athletico Paranaense look set for a significant payday that could arrive as soon as this summer. According to Goal, Edu has already approached the player's agent in a bid to pip the likes of Chelsea, Newcastle, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona to his signature. Barcelona are understood to be targeting a deal for this summer when they will seek to bring Roque to Catalonia at the end of their current season. READ MORE: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Mikel Arteta's brilliant Arsenal It won't be easy to negotiate a transfer though with Athletico Paranaense set to point potential suitors towards the teenager's £53m release clause. Nonetheless, Arsenal are among the clubs in contention for the highly-coveted forward's signature. Roque has made 36 senior appearances since forcing his way into the Athletico first team last April following his transfer from Cruzeiro. He has managed just seven goals during that period of time but he is still widely regarded as one of the best Brazilian talents for the future. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges Edu is well connected in his homeland of Brazil as he continues to keep tabs on the country's hottest young talents via professional relationships with agents and club directors. Reported Arsenal target Roque has drawn comparison to Luis Suarez back in South America due to his determined style of play. Despite strong investment in the here and now, Arsenal are also keen to continue building for the future as Mikel Arteta continues to make waves in north London. The club signed talented winger Marquinhos from Sao Paulo last summer before loaning the player to Norwich City last month for the remainder of the season. The Marquinhos deal was evidence that Arsenal are keeping tabs on the Brazilian market, which is now becoming increasingly popular in the Premier League. Chelsea, who also want Roque, have already invested in his Brazil U20 team-mate Andrey Santos in January after striking a £13m agreement from Vasco de Gama. Santos has also shone at the Campeonato Sudamericano Sub 20 tournament - scoring five goals in seven outings for Brazil. The Blues also tried to sign Endrick prior to his agreement with Real Madrid, showcasing that Chelsea have firm eyes on Brazil's next generation of stars.