Inheritance tax (IHT) is applied to the estate of someone who has passed away, such as assets, property and money, and can often leave families and loved ones with a sizeable bill to pay. However, if managed strategically, people can legally increase the tax threshold and pass on much more to relatives and friends, so it’ll pay to know how - including what to do with ISAs, as an expert describes these as a particularly “great IHT threat”. While the average IHT bill was £216,000 in 2019/20, research conducted by Wealth Club suggests the average inheritance tax bills could reach £270,831 by 2025/26 and £288,611 by 2027/28 if current inflation expectations are met. The Government’s inheritance tax take appears to be increasing, which analysts largely attribute to the years of house price increases, especially in London and the South East, that’s pushing families that probably wouldn’t consider themselves wealthy, over the threshold. In November’s Autumn Statement, it was announced that the inheritance tax threshold of £325,000 will remain frozen until April 2028, with the move expected to amass billions more. Alex Davies, CEO and founder of Wealth Club, said: “The revenue generated from inheritance tax plays an important part in the Government’s spending programme. But this is no longer something just the very wealthy need to worry about.”  READ MORE: ‘Not just for the rich’ - you could slash inheritance tax bills too  Mr Davies continued: “Thanks to years of frozen allowances, paired with house price growth and soaring inflation, families up and down the UK, most of which would not consider themselves to be especially affluent are also increasingly being affected.” After deducting any liabilities, exemptions and reliefs, an inheritance tax (IHT) of 40 percent is usually chargeable if a person’s assets exceed the nil-rate band threshold, which currently stands at £325,000 per single person. An additional transferrable main residence nil rate band of £175,000 comes into effect when passing the family home down to children or other direct descendants, and any unused threshold may be transferred to a surviving spouse or civil partner.  DON'T MISS: Half of wealthy Brits not talking about wills with loved ones [INSIGHT]Tip to boost pension as thousands of Britons face tax hike [EXPLAINED]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    However, Mr Davies said: “No one likes to pay more tax than they need to, but the good news is that with a little bit of planning, there are a number of perfectly legitimate ways to reduce your liability.” Protect ISAs Mr Davies said: “One of the great IHT threats arguably comes from where you least expect it: your ISA.” While tax efficient in other ways, ISAs form part of a person’s taxable estate along with other savings, investments and possessions and according to Mr Davies, up to 40 percent could be consumed by inheritance tax rather than passed to loved ones. Mr Davies suggested: “An alternative option is to invest in certain AIM shares within your ISA. Many AIM shares qualify for something called Business Property Relief.  READ MORE: Now Jeremy Hunt has the excuse he needs to grab your 25% tax-free cash  “Providing you hold them on death and have been invested for at least two years, they should be free of inheritance tax. You can choose the investments yourself or opt for the hassle-free approach of a professionally managed portfolio.” There are a number of other options to explore to lower IHT bills, and here are four more. Make a will Making a will is arguably one of the most important steps a person should take first. Mr Davies said: “Without it, your estate will be shared according to a set of pre-determined rules. That means the taxman might end up with more than their fair share.” Use up pension allowances Pensions are not usually subject to IHT for those under 75 years old. Mr Davies said: “They can be passed on tax efficiently and, in some cases, even tax-free. If you have any pension allowance left, make use of it.” Set up a trust Trusts have traditionally been a staple of IHT planning. They can mean money falls outside an estate if a person lives for at least seven years after establishing the trust. Mr Davies said: “The related taxes and laws are complicated – you should seek specialist advice if you’re considering this.”  Use gift allowances Every year, people can give up to £3,000 away tax-free, which is known as the annual exemption. Mr Davies said: “If you didn’t use it last year, you can combine it and pass on £6,000.” People can also give up to £250 each year to however many people they wish (but only one gift per recipient per year) or make a wedding gift of up to £5,000 to their child; up to £2,500 to their grandchild; up to £2,500 to their spouse or civil partner and £1,000 to anyone else. Mr Davies said: “Beyond these allowances, you can pass on as much as you like IHT free. So long as you live for at least seven years after giving money away, there will be no IHT to pay.” 