Beyonce took home four awards on Sunday night that also saw major wins for Kendrick Lamar, Adele and Harry Styles. The Renaissance hitmaker, who made history as she won best dance/electronic album for her latest release, now has a record-breaking 32 Grammy awards. The Cuff It singer sparked suspicion online after the singer shared a post on Instagram while posing with three Grammys before receiving her award. The 41-year-old was the epitome of chic as she posed confidently in a pink all-in-one as she accessorised with a wide-brimmed gold hat. She penned a "thank you" message to her legions of fans and also thanked the various collaborators who also worked on Renaissance. Twitter users discussed the post, claiming that it seemed as if she had known beforehand about her win because the picture was "taken and drafted," while others suggested she also stood up before they announced her name as the winner. READ MORE: Maya Jama gets cryptic as she takes break from Love Island During the Grammy Awards 2023, Beyonce celebrated winning three awards as the singer shared a post during the ceremony. She told her 294 million followers: "We won 3 y’all! "To my Hive, thank y’all so much for all of your love and loyalty! Big thank you for the BREAK MY SOUL and CUFF IT wins!!! To The Dream, Tricky, HOV, and Big Freedia. I love y’all! "Syd, I’ve always been such a fan of yours. Thank you.  "Nova Wav, Morten Ristorp, Raphael Saadiq, and Nile Rodgers, thank you for pouring into CUFF IT. "Big thanks to Sabrina Claudio, Nick Green and Patrick Paige II. PLASTIC OFF THE SOFA is my favorite song on RENAISSANCE most days. It’s hard to pick though. Haaa. "It feels great to be honored for the vocal performance. Thank you to all the talented vocalists who killed those beautiful TikTok renditions! "I feel very grateful and filled with joy!" DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz's ex Ben Ofoedu breaks silence on split[LATEST]Lucy Alexander addresses 'being out of a job' after BBC show exit[EXCLUSIVE]Adele holds back tears as she dedicates Grammy win to son Angelo[GRAMMYS] Twitter user @felipemnzp wrote: "So they all know beforehand cause why was this pic taken and drafted." Ria agreed: "That's how I'm reading it too. No AOTY [Album of the Year]. They won't even give her the sole record..." "I knew Beyoncé wasn't winning when she posted her Instagram post about her 3 wins waayyyyy before the show ends," wrote @DrunkOffPain on Twitter. Others also suggested she stood up before her name was announced when James Corden took to the stage to give out an award. Michael J. Miraflor added: "Feel like she got up before they called her name." Fans believed the singer was aware she didn't win Album of the Year award which was given to Harry Styles, a former member of One Direction. The BeeHive (group of Beyonce fans) claimed the performer had been "robbed". Yu fumed: "Three songs from the same album getting awards and the album doesn't. Grammys is disgusting." 