Denise Welch has hit back at critics who disapprove of her sharing swimsuit pictures on social media. The Loose Women panellist joined her co-star Kaye Adams on her How To Be 60 podcast to candidly discuss the topic. Denise began: “I get so much flack still posing in swimsuits at 64, but I don’t care because, you know, if one person says, ‘I was feeling really low on myself and I saw you in a swimsuit and you’re in your sixties..’ “And you know, I don’t filter them - partly because I don’t know how to. “I don’t want anybody to put us in a box and say, ‘You can’t wear a bikini at 64, you can’t do this at 64.’” Denise also heaped praise on former Countdown star Carol Vorderman, who at 62 continues to share sultry selfies on social media. READ MORE: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles Denise said: “You’ve got Carol Vorderman breaking the mould and saying that she’s not bothered about finding love. “She’s very happy, she’s not turning anybody, she has several people that she sees… Good for her! “The only people that are going to criticise that are people that are stuck with boring old [partners] they have been married to for years.” Denise has been outspoken on and off screen, often using her social media platforms to respond to criticism. Earlier this week, the actress reacted to a complaint from a viewer who accused her of stealing the spotlight during the discussions on Loose Women. Denise Welch, 64, hit back at a Loose Women viewer who branded her “bitter” as they accused her of trying to “take the stage” during the panel discussions. The panellist took to Twitter to react to the furious online user, who seemed like her “kind of person”, in view of her 555,000 followers. Twitter user joford, who has now limited who can access their posts, wrote: “You are a very bitter, angry women Denise, anyone watching Loose Women today will have seen this, you always butt in, try and take the stage with your opinions, why you are still on here I really don’t know. DON'T MISS...Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] “When you are on the programme we record and skip passed every time you speak.” (sic) Reposting the tweet, Denise jokingly said: “I'm gutted Jo. You seem like my kind of person as well,” Denise added along with a string of laughing emojis. (sic) Fans of the TV star joined in on the row as they defended her in the tweet’s replies. Endamullen said: “Such a shame - sounds like it could have been such a beautiful friendship - and now you won’t even get so much as a Christmas card.” Bren1957 added: “I was always under the impression that the panel on Loose Women discussed topical issues, so obviously they will talk about their own particular experiences. (for those who accuse panel members of making it all about ’me, me, me’) keep up the good work ladies.” (sic) LozBozBrown penned: “Denise u speak from the heart !! (sic) “Don’t always agree with everything u say but I think your great!! Tell Jo to listen to your podcast!! It’s cracking.” (sic) Dawn_obrien questioned: “Why do people watch if they feel so strongly about one of the panellists?”