Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher did not hold back as he slammed an "embarrassing" Reds performance in their 5-2 home defeat to Real Madrid on Tuesday evening. Jurgen Klopp's outfit will need to overturn a three-goal deficit at the Bernabeu in the second leg in order to qualify for the Champions League quarter-finals following a disappointing result at Anfield. Liverpool took a 2-0 lead in the first half through goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah, but a brace each from Karim Benzema and Vinicius Jr in addition to an Eder Militao header saw Los Blancos through to a comfortable win after their strong second-half performance. At full-time, Carragher was displeased with his former side and labelled them as a "disgrace" having shipped five goals. “Not too good," Carragher told CBS Sports. "First of all I must say, what a performance by Real Madrid to come to Anfield and do that I have never seen a team come to Anfield on a European night that I can remember and I was involved in and perform like that and destroy Liverpool. But that was shambolic from Liverpool, embarrassing. "It was nonsense, absolute nonsense that Liverpool were back in the past two games and that's why I was cautious before the game. They played against an Everton team, one of the worst performances I have seen in a derby game from an Everton team that did nothing. I was at the Newcastle game as well, Newcastle with ten men created chances and if Newcastle had 11 men they would have got back to 2-2, I am convinced. "Liverpool all season have been an absolute shambles defensively. As a Liverpool fan we absolutely adore this manager and team and they have done so much for the club in the past few years, it hurts you to say negative things because they have given you so much.   "But Liverpool are eighth in the league, they have just been battered 5-2 in the Champions League. I know it's Real Madrid but these are the two teams that were in the final last year, it's not acceptable what we have been watching this season. "We keep looking for reasons and excuses but no, it's nowhere near good enough and Virgil van Dijk said I wouldn't get in that back four a few months ago. I think I'd take his place at the moment. "Some of the players there, Joe Gomez tonight, look we have all had bad nights as players and maybe I shouldn't kick someone who is down. Liverpool you're talking about midfield players that Liverpool need and that's right, I think Liverpool need defenders as well. Because when they get exposed, they can't defend." 