Every week, Aldi and Lidl have a selection of items in their middle aisle; from hanging egg chairs for the garden to air fryers and bedding, there are always great deals for shoppers to find. Whether you plan on visiting your local store or prefer to bag a bargain online, here are the latest deals from Aldi and Lidl. Aldi is hosting a big pet event, offering customers the chance to get their hands on a Pom Pom Dog Harness, Dirt Buster Runner or Pet Rug, a selection of pet beds and even a fancy food container. Express.co.uk’s top picks are: Pet Collection Hair Dryer Brush A handy tool for after walks, it dries and brushes pet fur at the same time. It’s lightweight and comes with a long power cable for a one-handed operation Buy for £19.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Beldray Multi-Cyclonic Pet Vacuum Gather up pet hair in minutes with this vacuum. It features a multi-cyclonic system, additional brush tools and a telescopic extension tube to make light work of dirt. Buy for £49.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. READ MORE: Supermarket announces record price cuts on everyday products Pet Collection Drying Glove In a bid to combat the iconic wet dog smell in the car, consider using this drying glove; its absorbent chenille material will soak up moisture and clean off muddy paws in no time. Buy for £7.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. With pancake day and then Easter just around the corner, Aldi is providing customers will all the kitchen essentials too. Ambiano 3-in-1 Snack Maker This gadget makes three snack favourites: waffles, doughnuts and brownies. Switch between the detachable non-stick coated cooking plates, turn it on, and then wait for the automatic temperature controls will do the rest. Buy for £24.99 on the Aldi website now, and in stores from Sunday, February 19. DON'T MISS...Kate subtle fashion changes since becoming Princess spotted [EXPERT]Flight attendant advises bringing your own food on a plane [VIDEO]Four hair mistakes that make women over 40 ‘look so much older’ [COMMENT] Kirkton House Roasting Pan With Rack Perfect for sprucing up a roast on Sunday or a family gathering, this pan with rack is a cooking accessory must-have. Ideal for a roast dinner, this tray features a rack to allow the meat to be raised, basted and cooked evenly. This dishwasher-safe tray is also oven safe up to 230°C. Buy for £7.99 on the Aldi website now Ambiano Air Fryer 3L Treat everyone's tastebuds to tastier and healthier meals with the three-litre air fryer. There’s plenty of space to cook all your favourite foods, ideal for frying, baking, grilling, roasting and even dehydrating. It features overheat protection, anti-slip feet and a 60-minute timer so you can relax whilst your food is being air fried. Buy for £34.99 online now or in store from February 19. READ MORE: Lilt drink discontinued by Coca-Cola after 50 years Lidl is known for selling BBQs in the summer, holiday must-haves like scuba diving equipment, to viral products like weighted blankets. This week, Lidl shoppers can cook up a storm with the latest kitchen gadgets. Tower 4L Manual Air Fryer With a four-litre capacity, rapid air circulation, and a 30-minute timer, you’ll be cooking up a storm in no time. Buy for £59.99 in Lidl stores from today before it sells out. Ernesto 6.8L Cast Iron Casserole Dish If you’re looking for a dish that cooks food quickly and evenly, this is ideal, and it’s suitable for all hob types, including induction. Buy for £39.99 in Lidl stores now. Tower CeraGlide 2400W Cordless Steam Iron This iron has the freedom to be cordless and with a 2400W output, it heats up in less than 30 seconds. For easy maintenance, it also has a self-cleaning function. Buy for £22.99 in Lidl stores from Sunday February 19. Silvercrest Sewing Machine Get sewing with this machine that features 33 stitch options, a four-step automatic buttonhole, and even thread needles for you. It’s suitable for a range of fabrics, from jersey, stretch and denim to thicker materials – plus it comes with a decorative stitch bundle and extensive accessory kit. Buy for £99.99 in Lidl stores from Sunday February 19.