A royal visit to Australia by Prince William could help to “bolster” affection for the Monarchy Down Under and offset the growing Republican movement. A new Express.co.uk poll has found widespread support in favour of the Prince of Wales conducting a tour of the Commonwealth nation, with many readers suggesting that he would make a “make more suitable representative” of the Firm than King Charles III. Former senator for Tasmania and new campaign director for the Australian Monarchist League (AML), Eric Abetz, said he believes that a royal tour by the King or William would help by “bringing the monarchy to the people” in Australia. He told Express.co.uk last week: “There is no doubt a royal visit would bolster the sentiment for the constitutional monarchy. The passing of Her Majesty and the associated media coverage brought the monarchy to the people and they liked what they saw. A visit would have a similar impact. Either the King or Prince William visiting would be most welcomed by the Australian people.” He continued: “Prince William would remind people of the stability and continuity of the Monarchy whereas the King would remind people of the seamless transition and how His Majesty has immediately assumed the role with grace and dignity in the finest of traditions for a constitutional monarch.” In September the AML said that William and his wife Kate, the Princess of Wales, could conduct a tour of Australia in 2023. The couple had been due to travel to the country in early 2020 but their plans to meet with people affected by the bushfires was cancelled by the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic. READ MORE: Australia could refuse a visit from King Charles and Camilla In a poll that ran from 9am on Saturday, February 11, to 4pm on Monday, February 13, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Prince William visit Australia to showcase the Monarchy?” Overall, 1,531 readers cast their votes with the overwhelming majority, 80 per cent (1,229 people) answering “yes” in support of William conducting a royal tour of Australia. Whereas 18 per cent (274 people) said “no” he should not make the trip Down Under, and a further two per cent (28 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on William visiting Australia. Many readers commented in support of William travelling to the Commonwealth nation. Username justmy2cents said: “Yes! without any doubt. Only our Princess Royal or William can make the much-needed positive impression on Australia.” Username samme said: “Yes, it would be a very welcome visit. Prince William is a force for good and is well-informed on many issues. Both the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall consistently do an excellent job.” Another, username reflections4ideas said: “Yes he should go there as he is a positive role model.” And username claireMarie commented: “William, Catherine and their three children should go. As before, the people loved having young baby George there and this will be no different. They are the future of the Monarchy.” DON'T MISS: Royals 'still revered' in Australia but King's 'values' questioned [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan risk turning Coronation into 'Netflix series' [LATEST]Harry and Margaret comparison slammed—she was not 'sacrificial spare' [ANALYSIS] Other readers agreed that William would be better suited to showcasing the Monarchy compared to his father. Username jewlsj said: “Yes, would rather Willam than Charles.” Likewise, username Here Goes said: “I think William and Catherine, the Prince and Princess of Wales make more suitable representatives to visit Australia, representing the future of the Monarchy, rather than The King and Queen Consort.” William’s first visited Australia in 1983, aged just nine months old, accompanied by his parents on his first overseas tour. His last visit was in 2014 with Kate and a nine-month-old Prince George. The Daily Mail reported in September that the couple could return Down Under with George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis in “early 2024”, which could take place during the children’s Easter holidays. However, some readers argued that there was no need for the Royal Family to make a visit to Australia as the nation could decide independently, like username Ingalls, who wrote: “What's the point,” And username Didius said: “If the people of Australia don’t want the Monarchy it’s up to them!” National Chair of the Australian Monarchist League, Philip Benwell, recently told Express.co.uk that Australia could hold a referendum on the country becoming a republic in the next two years. He said: “We are preparing for a referendum in 2025. We feel the Government may go as early as that.” National Director and CEO of the Australian Republican Movement, Sandy Biar, also told Express.co.uk that the republican movement has grown in recent months since the death of Queen Elizabeth II and allegations from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. He said: “Thousands of new supporters have signed up to the campaign. We could see a referendum on a republic within four years. We can do better than inheriting our Head of State from a dysfunctional family on the other side of the planet.”