Royal women are not permitted to wear tiaras until they are married, hence why blood-born royals like Zara Tindall are not seen wearing a diadem until their wedding day. The same rule applies to women who marry into the Royal Family, such as Kate Middleton or Meghan Markle. Zara rocked a very unusual choice for her wedding tiara, as royal fans were expecting her to wear something else. It is a tradition in the Royal Family that Princesses will wear the same wedding tiara that their mother wore. For instance, when Princess Anne walked down the aisle to marry Captain Mark Phillips in 1973, she wore Queen Mary's Fringe tiara, the same diadem worn by Queen Elizabeth II in 1947. As Zara is The Princess Royal's daughter, many assumed she would also wear Queen Mary's Fringe tiara. READ MORE: Kate and William’s closest royal friends is another couple  However, this was not the case, and many fans had never heard of the tiara that Zara wore because it belonged to her great-grandmother. But, as a jewellery expert points out, this tiara did give a special nod to Princess Anne. Deborah Papas from Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Pawn, spoke to Express.co.uk to provide expert commentary on Zara's wedding tiara. She said: "This is the most glamorous piece from Princess Anne’s stunning jewellery collection.  "'Something borrowed’ does not escape the Royal Family! “The stunning tiara belonged to her great-grandmother (Prince Philip’s mother, Princess Andrew of Greece and Denmark). "It was lent to Zara on her wedding day by her mother, Princess Anne. “Anne’s mother, Queen Elizabeth (then Princess Elizabeth) received it as a wedding gift in 1947 from Princess Alice of Bettenberg. READ MORE: Zara Tindall exercises for 'eight hours a day' for perfect weight loss  "She originally acquired it after she married Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark in 1903. She was never photographed wearing it as she went on to other grander pieces." The expert went on to describe the "meander design" of Zara's beautiful tiara. Deborah added: "There is no surprise that the bandeau is of a meander design. "It has a centre laurel and honeysuckle decoration on either side. It is studded with diamonds set in a white precious metal more likely to be platinum because of the era in which it was made. It is perceived to be made by Cartier in France." The jewellery expert gave a rough estimate of how much Zara's wedding tiara is worth. Deborah claimed: “It is not known how much the tiara is worth, but Papas estimates it to be worth over £1million. If it is a Cartier piece, it could be as much as £2million to £4million.”   With around 2,400 Google searches a year, Zara's wedding dress is still attracting a little attention, despite being one of the lesser-known royals globally. Whilst she's known for her cool, understated style, on her wedding day, Zara glammed up in a cap-sleeved, ivory silk gown designed by one of her grandmother's favourite couture designers, Stewart Parvin. Featuring a chevron pleated bodice with inverted pleats on a dropped waist, the gown is designed to create a bell-shaped silhouette. The concealed corset has elegant buttons running down the centre of the back of the gown, from the neckline to the hem. The full skirt had hidden pockets and a small train - in contrast to many of the other royal brides. 