Lewis Hamilton has issued a warning to his F1 rivals ahead of the new season starting next month, insisting he's hungrier than ever. The seven-time world champion endured a frustrating campaign last year as Mercedes fell behind both Red Bull and Ferrari. It wasn't until the final few races that the Silver Arrows were able to compete on track and there's hope that they'll be back challenging for race wins once again in 2023. Hamilton recently turned 38 and is yet to put pen to paper on a new contract, with his current deal expiring at the end of the year. But the Brit made it clear on several occasions last season that he intends to extend his F1 career beyond 2023. That attitude clearly hasn't changed with Hamilton taking to social media to post a throwback picture of himself during his karting days. Along with the two pictures of a young Hamilton, the British racing superstar admitted to being "so much hungrier now". "I remember how excited I was when I saw my first go kart wrapped up in my living room," he wrote.  "I saw it before I was supposed to and had to act all surprised when my parents called me in to open it. Even walked in with my back turned to it and acted like it wasn’t there. "From the very first time I got to drive it, I felt at one. I knew I was meant to do this. I knew I was powerful. More powerful and hungrier than other kids.  "That hunger was there from day one and it’s still here today. I was hungry then, so much hungrier now." Hamilton has already been back on track this past week as part of Pirelli's test for the new tyre compounds heading into the 2023 season. He was with the Mercedes team in France at the Paul Ricard circuit last week and is in Jerez this week alongside George Russell, Fernando Alonso and Lance Stroll. Both tests were performed in Mercedes' W13, but Hamilton won't have to wait long to get his hands on the new W14. Mercedes unveil their 2023 car on February 15 and pre-season testing will take place the following week at the Bahrain International Circuit.