Emmerdale fans will have seen how Gabby (played by Rosie Bentham) has recently set her sights on her live-in nanny, Nicky (Lewis Cope). She hasn't been successful in moving their relationship forward, but spoilers from the ITV soap reveal she will soon make some problematic decisions so she can start a romance with him. Could this result in her leaving the village? In scenes yet to air, Gabby becomes frustrated when her advances towards Nicky keep getting brushed off. After asking him to zip up her dress, she finally ignites a spark between them. She's pleased to finally be getting somewhere and knows Nicky can't take his eyes off her. However, Nicky is reluctant to start something with her because she's his boss. READ MORE: BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness Hoping to solve this, she decides to temporarily fire him, leaving Nicky unimpressed. She's left regretting the decision though when he decides to quit instead. Kim Tate (Claire King) isn't likely to be happy with Gabby when she discovers what's happened. A few weeks ago, Gabby and Nicky were enjoying a chat together when Gabby tried to kiss him. Pulling away, Nicky explained: "We can't, you've got the wrong idea." "I thought you liked me," Gabby replied, to which Nicky remarked: "I do, but not like that - I'm sorry." He got up and left, leaving Gabby humiliated. Despite this, she has continued to try to seduce Nicky since he's been working at Home Farm. Gabby's treatment of him won't go down well with Home Farm owner Kim. DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Linda Carter faces huge decision over future of iconic pub [SPOILER]Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item [VIDEO]The Apprentice star predicts Karren Brady will 'replace' Lord Sugar [EXCLUSIVE] Nicky initially arrived in the village to work as a nanny for Dawn Taylor's (Olivia Bromley) children. However, Dawn later decided she didn't want to work for Kim, and Gabby swooped in to ask Nicky if he'd like to work for her, looking after her son, Thomas. Kim agreed and he soon moved into the home, and Gabby was later made Kim's deputy. When she learns what Gabby has been up to, could Kim fire her?  She may realise Gabby isn't as mature as she thought she was and no longer trust her with such an important role. Furthermore, with Nicky gone, Gabby will need to look after Thomas herself. If Kim decides to take away her job, how might Gabby respond? The young mother has landed on her feet with Kim, who is keen to support her because Thomas is her grandson. If a rift between the two women form, could Gabby decide it's time to leave the village? Emmerdale continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on ITV.