UFO fever has gripped the US again after four incursions, including the Chinese spy balloon, were shot down this month. Joe Biden and other top Washington officials have said little about the repeated shoot-downs, which began with the suspected spy balloon. And some have not ruled out the possibility of aliens making contact, with conspiracy theories and speculations running wild as officials keep quiet. After at least three unidentified flying objects were shot down by the US over the weekend, people have speculated on their purpose and who sent them, and if they were even real. On Tuesday, a spokesman for the National Security Council said the objects might turn out to be harmless commercial or research efforts that posed no real threat to the US. However, White House officials have said they posed a “very real” threat to civilian air traffic, highlighting the confusion around the aerial mysteries. “There will be an investigation and we will learn more, but until then this story has created a playground for people interested in speculating or stirring the pot for their own reasons,” said Jim Ludes, a former national defence analyst. “In part, because it feeds into so many narratives about government secrecy.” US and Canadian officials say the objects shot down on Friday and Saturday were flying lower than the alleged Chinese spy balloon, posing a greater danger to civilian aircraft and prompting leaders to order them destroyed. Those two objects were flying over parts of Alaska and the Yukon that have few residents, and the third object downed on Sunday was over water, so risks posed by falling debris were minimal, they said. However, in the wake of the surge in destructions, online posts mentioning extraterrestrials increased by nearly 300 percent, according to an analysis conducted for The Associated Press by Zignal Labs. And when asked during a news conference on Sunday whether he could say for certain aliens weren’t involved, Gen. Glen D. VanHerck, the commander of the Air Force’s Northern Command, said, “I haven’t ruled out anything at this point.” READ MORE: What we know about Michigan State University shooter Anthony McRae On Monday however, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said: “I know there have been questions and concerns about this, but there is no — again no indication — of aliens or extraterrestrial activity with these recent takedowns. “I wanted to make sure that the American people knew that, all of you knew that and it was important for us to say that from here because we’ve been hearing a lot about it.” But speculation has persisted in terms of why the UFO’s have made their way over America, with less extra-terrestrial claims focused on Beijing. While the spy balloon is from China, there is no evidence the other three objects are from the country, and Beijing claimed the balloon shot down February 4 was engaged in meteorological research. Despite this, the Biden administration said last week that China had sent surveillance balloons over more than 40 nations on five continents, violating their sovereignty. One of the most popular theories suggested the White House and Pentagon are using the airborne devices to divert attention from a chemical spill earlier this month in Ohio. In the state, toxic chemicals were released into the air from five derailed tanker cars that were in danger of exploding on Monday. Some commenters also said Biden’s decision to wait until the balloon had reached the East Coast before shooting it down showed he was in league with China. Claims on social media also spread that the UFO’s were a false flag distracting from immigration, inflation, the war in Ukraine and Republican investigations into Hunter Biden.  However, the shoot downs maybe just a result of militaries becoming hyper-vigilant after the scandal around the Chinese spy balloon. The North American Aerospace Defence Command adjusted its radar system to make it more sensitive after the February 4 incident. “We have been more closely scrutinising our airspace at these altitudes, including enhancing our radar, which may at least partly explain the increase in objects that we’ve detected over the past week,” Melissa Dalton, assistant secretary of defence for homeland defence and hemispheric affairs, said. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews