Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has a clear issue to rectify ahead of his side's meeting with Crystal Palace on Saturday evening. Although the Reds have won their past two Premier League outings, a lack of goals after the 50th minute has created cause for concern among supporters, who witnessed another heavy defeat in midweek. The Reds were humbled by Real Madrid on Tuesday, with a 5-2 home loss giving them a mountain to climb going into the second leg of their Champions League round-of-16 meeting next month. Klopp does at least have something to cheer about in the Premier League, with recent wins over Everton and Newcastle providing much-needed confidence. They still sit eighth in the table, however, level on points with Brighton and Brentford after clinching only 10 wins from 22 league matches this term. Adding to the boss' list of worries is a fundamental lack of goals beyond the 50th minute, suggesting that his side tend to tail off towards the end of games. Liverpool have failed to notch beyond that mark in every Premier League game since Boxing Day - a run of seven matches, which includes heavy defeats to Brighton and Wolves. JUST IN: Chelsea ace Enzo Fernandez reacts to Graham Potter sack pressure The extent of Klopp's staggering problem is highlighted by the fact that youngster Stefan Bajcetic is the only Reds player to have netted beyond the 50th minute in their last 13 league outings. Aside from Bajcetic's 81st-minute strike against Aston Villa, the last Liverpool player to score late in any league game was Mohamed Salah against Manchester City on October 16.  The failure to kick on or fight back towards the end of games adds clout to the theory that Klopp's Reds are fatigued from going close to an unprecedented silverware quadruple last season. Key players such as Salah and Virgil van Dijk played over 50 games in all competitions, with neither shining as brightly this term as they did in 2021/22. Liverpool face a tough task away at Palace on Saturday, although the Eagles are yet to win a match of any description this calendar year. Klopp addressed the media ahead of the showdown, urging fans not to take the threat posed by Patrick Vieira's side lightly.  "It’s a really tough game," he said. "Crystal Palace had result-wise not the perfect spell as well since the World Cup but performance-wise it looks much better. We had a really deep look into what they did. "It’s a really talented team, a really well set-up team, probably in a 4-2-3-1, a lot of technique and speed on the pitch mixed with experience. I really respect a lot what Palace are doing, for years, and how they bring all these offensive players especially together and can keep them in the club for as long. It is really good." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.