Manchester United players' reported taunts of their former assistant Chris Armas may come back to bite them as the American prepares for his biggest managerial test yet in the Leeds United dugout. The highly-rated coach has been tasked with temporarily picking the team as a co-caretaker manager after Jesse Marsch was sacked on Monday and could make four changes. The 51-year-old spent one season at Old Trafford as part of Ralf Rangnick's staff but made a swift departure, and it later emerged that some squad members referred to Armas as Ted Lasso - the main character in the comedy series about an American coach who takes charge of fictional club AFC Richmond. And that will no doubt add some fuel to the fire as Armas forms a three-strong caretaker team. He will join Michael Skubala and Paco Gallardo on the touchline on Wednesday evening after taking training at Thorp Arch and there could be several changes as they prepare the team for a difficult match against Erik ten Hag's United side. Express Sport consider how the Yorkshire side could line up under the caretaker trio of Armas, Skubala and Gallardo at Old Trafford.  READ MORE: Man Utd could be stung by Jesse Marsch sacking after Arsenal warning The Frenchman had a relatively quiet game at the City Ground and he will be disappointed to have conceded after Brennan Johnson's superb volley. This could be the audition the 22-year-old has been waiting for, though, with United known to be searching for a new long-term goalkeeper to sign as a replacement for David de Gea. The shot-stopper has little competition for the No 1 spot, with backup goalkeeper Joel Robles yet to make a Premier League appearance, and Meslier will start in goal barring a late injury. Robin Koch is suspended after accumulating five yellow cards this season and Spanish centre-back Diego Llorente has been loaned out to Roma, leaving Armas short of options at the back. And with that, he may name the same back five that started against Forest. It seems that Austria international Wober will continue to play at centre-back after looking comfortable in the role last time out. The £14m January arrival prefers to play left-back, but Pascal Struijk may not be as comfortable in that role as Wober. Junior Firpo, who came on against Forest, could be welcomed back into the fold ahead of Struijk. But Stuart Dallas is still making a comeback from injury and the Northern Irishman has been ruled out of this fixture.  Armas worked with Adams at New York Red Bulls before he joined RB Leipzig and later Leeds, so the American coach knows how valuable the central midfielder can be. Marsch decided not to start McKennie at the City Ground and that was a surprising choice, given he has played regularly for Juventus since the World Cup. Now that he is gone, the 25-year-old will be hoping to make his full debut, with Aaronson making it an all-American midfield trio. Adam Forshaw is not fit after suffering with a pelvic problem, which again affects Leeds' squad depth in preparing for the game.  The area where places are up for grabs in the Leeds squad is up front and the reason behind the increased competition for places is they are all misfiring. Leeds have only found the net three times in their last five matches despite some heavy investment and their record signing, Georginio Rutter, could be ready for his full debut after Bamford struggled against Nottingham Forest. Top scorer Rodrigo is out for six to eight weeks after getting injured against Accrington, giving Rutter a rare chance to impress. Armas is likely to favour the German over Patrick Bamford, who took aim at Marsch's tactics recently, and with Armas forming part of the 49-year-old's backroom team, he is unlikely to have taken too kindly to those comments. Leeds United's potential XI to face Manchester United: Meslier; Ayling, Cooper, Wober, Firpo; McKennie, Adams, Aaronson; Sinisterra, Rutter, Gnonto. 