On Monday’s instalment of Love Island, viewers of the ITV2 dating show continued to watch the love triangle between Casey, Claudia Fogarty and bombshell Rosie Seabrook develop. However, when the villa took part in the classic snog, marry or pie challenge, viewers were quick to call out the islanders for their behaviour towards Casey.  Last week, the islanders were rocked when two new bombshells Rosie Seabrook and Keanan Brand entered the villa. Getting to pick who they wanted to partner up with, Keanan chose Claudia and Rosie opted for Casey. Although Claudia wasn’t pleased to be separated from her couple, it looked as though Casey didn’t mind as it was clear the 26-year-old took a liking to the new arrival. As they all got into bed that night, it all became too much for Claudia who could hear her ex-partner in bed with Rosie, resulting in her storming out of the bedroom and sleeping on the daybed. READ MORE:Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis  The next day, Casey confessed he had a lot to think about as he made it clear he wanted to get to know his new partner. However, in Monday’s episode, Casey was forced to make a decision between her and Rosie during the fan-favourite challenge snog, marry or pie. Despite picking to kiss Rosie and marry Claudia, the favour was not returned and his former partner decided to give him a huge pie to the face. Although it didn’t stop there, as it looked like many of the other girls in the villa stood by Claudia and also pied Casey for hurting their friend's feelings.    Although viewers watching weren’t impressed with how most of the girls treated Casey in the challenge, many stated he hadn’t done anything wrong. AntanEstella commented: How else was Casey meant to handle this situation?? I'm confused, I think he didn't deserve this.” Misskrayem blasted: “Casey has been soooo respectful. Where was this energy for Tanya?” (sic) Beingremz_ said: “Casey didn’t deserve all that. The only one that was valid was Sanams for how he treated Cynthia.” DON'T MISS... Coronation Street fans ‘fuming’ as Carla Connor makes Stephen u-turn [REACTION] Tom Daley’s appearance distracts The One Show fans [VIDEO] Four in a Bed fans call out ‘game players’ after 'disappointing' swipe [VIDEO]   While Jiarascleopope tweeted: “Casey is actually one of the only boys who tried to be respectful as possible.” Air6oll added: “Casey didn't deserve all those pies.” Twitter user glitter22122212 went on to comment: “I feel like Casey has been very respectful about the way he went about this, why are people trying to make drama out of nothing.” At the end of the episode, Casey decided to pull Claudia aside to have a chat about the future of their relationship.   He said: “It’s taken me two or three days to get to know her well enough to make a decision. “I didn’t want to make it in the first couple of days when I didn’t know, that’s why I’m having this conversation now. “I’ve been totally honest with you from the start.” However, Claudia confessed she felt an apology was due as she knew it was clear from the start which way his head was going to go. She added: “You did know, the way you’ve been with me, you’ve pushed me aside.” Love Island continues weekdays on ITV and ITVX from 9pm. 