Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have "destroyed" all of their "value" following recent media ventures, according to Ben Shapiro. The co-creator of the Daily Wire branded the Sussexes "quite terrible" and "arrogant" in a recent interview. Speaking to Piers Morgan on TalkTV, Shapiro said he believes there is no "next step" after Prince Harry released his book Spare because the couple had lost their "value", something he said South Park summed up well. "I don't think there is a next step here. Once you actually destroy your source of value which is the inside view of the monarchy, you've spilt that, what else is there to do besides stand outside and just shout a lot," said Shapiro. Shapiro and Morgan were discussing a recent South Park episode in which the Prince and Princess of Canada - who look identical to Meghan and Harry - go on a "Worldwide Privacy Tour" demanding to be left alone. The cartoon royals tour the world with signs reading "Stop looking at us!" and "We want our privacy!" Shapiro said he was glad the public had soured on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, branding them "quite terrible".  "I think the public reaction to them is so heartening because they really are quite terrible. I'm watching this as an American, I've got no dog in this particular fight," he added. "I've got to say, they're just the worst. I actually read Prince Harry's awful memoir." The autobiography was also slammed on South Park. The Prince of Canada pens a book titled Waaagh about a fictional royal family. Meghan and Harry also released a Netflix docuseries in December which slammed the press and the Royal Family while sparking a media debate. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry would 'hopefully fade into obscurity'  However, this was just a warm up for Spare which rocked royal watchers around the globe. In the book, Prince Harry made a number of allegations about the Royal Family who have remained silent on the issue. Now, the couple have been invited to King Charles's Coronation. It's unclear if they have received the invitation yet or whether they will accept it. The Coronation will take place later this year on May 6. It will be the first such event in 70 years since Queen Elizabeth II was crowned on June 2, 1953. 