Graham Potter has backed Marc Cucurella to defy the Chelsea boo boys and become a Stamford Bridge star. The £62million Spanish left-back has endured a torrid time since joining Chelsea from Brighton in the summer and was dropped for Wednesday night’s Champions League defeat at Borussia Dortmund. To make things worse, Cucurella was booed by Chelsea fans when he came on as a substitute in Germany. And it was also revealed that the 24-year-old had his house burgled shortly after moving to Stamford Bridge. But Potter last night vowed to stand by the player he took to Brighton when he was in charge there - and insisted Cucurella is tough enough to take the criticism. Potter, whose team face managerless Southampton at Stamford Bridge today, revealed that Manchester City also tried to buy the full-back in the summer, and said: “Marc has got the personality to come through this. If you do any research on Marc you will see his character is fantastic. JUST IN: Liverpool 'lead' Man Utd and Man City for Mason Mount transfer “The other team that was interested in him in the summer [Manchester City] are quite good. I don't think they'd be interested if he didn't have the character he has. He is not a bad player. He was the Player of the Year at Brighton. In a footballer's career sometimes you have good moments and sometimes you don't. “You have to accept them and deal with them and try your best, which he is doing. With the results we are having, unfortunately, you expect somebody to be getting the brunt of the criticism. Marc is a big boy, an adult who has got kids. “He knows the situation. We have to help him to change perspectives.” But, Potter added: “Chelsea invested a lot of money in Marc. I was at Brighton so I know his qualities. He was the final piece in our puzzle. “At Chelsea it is a different situation. It can affect your performance. There is no magic formula. It would be wrong for me to say it is easy for him. All he can do is keep working hard. As a team, we're not losing because of one individual. ” DON'T MISS...Potter refuses to intervene as Mount saga gives Liverpool hopeChelsea owner Bohely 'meets with Neymar camp' after covert PSG talksMason Mount's thoughts on chucking away Chelsea legacy to join Man Utd Chelsea have failed to score in three of their last four games, but Potter insisted: “The goals are there in this team - but we have to function better in attack. The team is just coming together. “The hardest part of the game to master is the attacking bit. Could the players be more clinical? Yes absolutely.” Chelsea’s £18million Brazilian signing Andrey Santos has been denied a work permit, and will now have to wait until the summer to join the club. Santos, 18, signed from Vasco Da Gama, is now set to return to Brazil on loan until the summer, after Chelsea’s attempts to sign him were thwarted by UEFA, because of the number of other midfielders they have signed this season.