Joe Biden "was actually putting Americans at risk" by delaying the shoot down order until Saturday, national security lawyer Irina Tsukerman claimed. The suspectted Chinese spy balloon was first spotted in Alaska on January 28 but the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) assessed it posed no significant thrat to the US. Tsukerman told Express.co.uk the delay could have caused "fairly substantial" damage had the balloon carried explosives – a notion NORAD chief Gen Glen VanHerck said on Monday he could not rule out. Tsukerman said: "If the balloons had carried explosives, a couple of things could have happened - it could have been timed or triggered to detonate over a military site or over a populated area, in which case there is no telling how much damage could have been done, but it would be likely fairly substantial. "Another scenario would have been a controlled detonation over an unpopulated area long before it had gotten as far as it did. "While the White House claims it was looking to minimize casualties by waiting until it got to Atlantic Ocean, because there was no telling whether or not this contraption in fact had explosives, it was actually putting Americans at risk." She told Express.co.uk the reaction delay likely would influence further similar actions from Beijing, suggesting China could use spying balloons as a deterrent to keep Washington from intervening in a potential dispute for control of Taiwan. JUST IN: Sarah Sanders calls on GOP to fight Biden's 'woke mob' in vitriolic SOTU rebuttal Tsukerman said: "From a political standpoint, it is less likely that China would wish to cause a major explosion all of a sudden over the United States, but given the slow reaction to remove this object, in the future it can happen as a way to deter US from intervening on behalf of Taiwan, for instance." While Beijing has maintained the aircraft was civilian in nature, the national security lawyer insisted "no country" would allow an aircraft of the kind to enter US airspace unless it planned to carry out surveillance. She added: "We can speculate about the function and purpose of the spy balloon, but the one thing that we can be sure of is that no country would ever send a huge object with unknown capabilities over a foreign, especially adversarial land for many days without prior coordination if it was anything other than surveillance or other adversarial act. "A weather balloon would have been sent sufficiently far into the international waters that it would not have been able to drift inland, and in the event it did, the Chinese authorities would and should have given clear warning to the US to avoid problems. READ MORE: America has 'little time' for 'middling' Britain after Brexit, says US host in fiery rant "Belated reactions from Beijing officials which only happened in response to US messages reveal exactly the opposite - that this action was organized and planned. The presence of a second balloon over South America further underscores the deliberate nature of these actions." President Biden mentioned China and its leader, Xi Jinping, at least seven times in this year's State of the Union speech, insisting the US is increasingly prepared to compete with Beijing while also remarking the main aim remains to avoid conflict. He said": “I’ve made clear with President Xi that we seek competition, not conflict. “I will make no apologies that we are investing to make America strong. Investing in American innovation, in industries that will define the future, and that China’s government is intent on dominating." DON'T MISS: Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] The President said he is “committed to work with China where it can advance American interests and benefit the world." Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said China was smeared in Biden's State of the Union address that repeatedly mentioned competition between the two countries. Mao said that China does not fear competing with the US but is “opposed to defining the entire China-US relationship in terms of competition." He said: "“It is not the practice of a responsible country to smear a country or restrict the country’s legitimate development rights under the excuse of competition, even at the expense of disrupting the global industrial and supply chain." China has maintained the balloon was an unmanned civilian airship used for meteorological research and accused the US of escalating the situation when a F22 jet shot it down on Saturday. The incident prompted US Secretary of State Antony Blinken to cancel a trip to China this week that had stirred hopes of reversing the continued deterioration of relations between Beijing and Washington. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews