The One Show hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas welcomed the band onto the iconic green sofa and they were thrilled to see all seven members in tow. As Bradley McIntosh, Hannah Spearritt, Jo O'Meara, Jon Lee, Paul Cattermole, Rachel Stevens and Tina Barrett made their entrance, the hosts could hardly contain their excitement. Alex said: "In a weird way, it feels like not even a week has passed" as the band thanked her for her kind words. Rachel explained: "We are very excited to say we are going back out on tour in October. "We are just so excited to get back out there and sing our hearts out and perform. We are celebrating 25 years, which is just crazy." Bradley went on to give fans the lowdown on what they can expect, adding: "We are bringing in nostalgia, obviously. READ MORE: Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB "We are bringing in the late 90s, early noughties, it's very positive, our music. "I'm thinking in today's times we need a bit of positive, we need a bit of picking up and that's what we are here to do." As the band spoke more about their reunion, viewers took to Twitter to comment on how well they had aged. @venomenomx said: "Sorry what, how does Tina from S Club still look like a teenager and she’s 46??? WOW #theoneshow #sclub7."     @hotspur71 commented: "Rachel from is S club is still looking hot On #TheOneShow" Selina j added: "Hannah looks amazing. She’s always been my fave. Not that you should have a favourite in S Club 7 but she was #TheOneShow" David T Hanmer shared: "Tina from S Club 7 has aged in reverse. #TheOneShow." Iain Morris added: "S Club 7 have barely aged a bit.#TheOneShow" DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation The One Show host issues apology after co-host makes error Alex Jones recalls terrifying blunder losing famous composer's cello  Saj Chowdhury said: "Tina from S Club is 46?!! #TheOneShow" The band was originally active from 1998 until 2003, but made brief comebacks in 2014 and 2015. While Tina is now 46, Paul is 45, Jon is 40, Bradley is 41, Jo is 43, Hannah is 41 and Rachel is 44. Rachel went on to have a solo career as a singer, with Hannah trying her hand at acting.    She played Abby Maitland in the science-fiction drama Primeval and has had recurring roles in EastEnders and Casualty. Continuing their chat on The One Show, Jon said: "I don't actually think we have changed that much. "When we haven't seen each other in so long, we come back into a room and it's like it was five minutes ago. "Our manager emailed us all individually at the end of last year and said about the anniversary and then we set up our own WhatsApp group to get excited about doing the tour." The One Show airs on weeknights on BBC One at 7pm. 