But while his expected failure will lead to deserved jubilation by battle-scarred Ukrainians and relief in Western capitals, it cannot be allowed to mask the West’s own failures in the years before last year’s February 24 invasion. It was not so much a failure of diplomacy, but rather a failure to understand that diplomacy could never have deterred the ideological locomotive advancing on tracks which had been publicly laid. The former KGB colonel, master of Russia’s post-Soviet fate for 23 years, warned us that Western reason could never have contained him. He said it openly in 1992, while still an unknown working for the mayor of St Petersburg, after Ukraine pulled away from the Moscow-dominated Common-wealth of Independent States. He said it publicly at the Munich security conference in 2007 when, as president, he announced the end of the rules-based world order. And he even spelled it out just six months before the invasion in the article On The Historical Unity Of Russians And Ukrainians. His historical revisionism, while fodder to domestic audiences, is so tortured that he is forced to deploy nuclear threats. He did this in Tuesday’s State of the Union speech when, after regurgitating the same “Ukraine and Russia as one people sharing the same historical and spiritual space” tropes, he paused Russia’s participation in the arms reduction treaty START, despite knowing Russia is in no fit state to embark on a nuclear arms race. The problem is, Putin’s existential angst goes beyond the so-called “Nato expansion” to his Cold War DNA. It is hugely personal. It is emotional. Russia’s Soviet empire represented a sphere of influence. Though important economically and politically, it is the cultural price of its loss that concerns him most. Ukraine’s shift westwards stripped away the insulation which had buffered the motherland. To Putin’s mind, western influences can both destabilise his power base and, crucially, irrevocably infect his notion of a Russian cultural identity. It is emotion which gives him the gall to demand direct negotiation with Washington DC over Ukraine’s fate, rather than Kyiv, as if the days when Roosevelt, Stalin and Churchill carved out Eastern Europe’s fate in Yalta still existed. And it is emotion that allows him to mentally absorb the disastrous consequences of his Ukraine policy and just keep going. Beyond the brain drain caused by a million talented Russians leaving, these have included: the loss of his best troops and territory the size of Denmark in the first 40 days and 200,000 casualties in the past 12 months. It is easy to see how Putin got it so wrong. But we got it wrong, too. His first miscalculation – that Russian forces would be welcomed with palm branches and take Kyiv in a matter of days – was based on deliberate misinformation by his broken FSB and GRU intelligence agency operatives on the ground. His second miscalculation, however, that the West would remain bitterly divided over how to respond, was based, sadly, on precedent. After ignoring Russia’s invasion of Georgia in 2008, the West’s lacklustre response to the 2014 annexation of Crimea came as no surprise. Under Barack Obama, the world’s only remaining superpower – already mired for 13 years in the War on Terror – felt that it could discard Russian ambition if it didn’t shake the tree. That hubris was not lost on Putin who, for a year before last year’s invasion, parked at least 80,000 troops around Ukraine’s borders waiting for a sign that going in would spell certain defeat. It did not come. While the US belatedly supplied hundreds of defensive anti-tank missiles and rockets its intelligence warnings – echoed by Britain – of an impending invasion did not herald a robust Western response. The warnings were dismissed by Germany’s Angela Merkel, who had continued to foster economic relations with Moscow, and whose intelligence services really should have known – and EU policy chief Josep Borrell, to name but two. The united resolve with which, thanks partially to UK efforts, western countries have donated £100billion in aid, as well as long-range missiles, armoured infantry vehicles and even main battle tanks, could not have been foreseen by Putin. Some will believe it shows how democracies will always club together to oppose tyranny. But this is the wrong lesson. Reluctant, reactive efforts like this, which cost so much in blood and treasure, are not sustainable indefinitely, as Putin knows. What Russia has shown is that lofty ideals and financial punishment are increasingly unlikely to prevent conflict in a world where ideological differences are becoming more glaring. The real lesson (and one that arguably applies to China’s lust for Taiwan) is that there is little point in countering ideology with Western rationale. Yes, Ukraine now has western offensive weapons, but they only came after months of crawling with outstretched fingertips. Taking Russia’s rhetoric seriously and arming Ukraine before the invasion might just have made Putin think again.