When the Abu Dhabi United Group completed their takeover of Manchester City in 2008, they set about creating a super team of expensive stars ready to win the Premier League. Many remember City’s initial raft of arrivals as being expensive flops, but many actually helped to set the foundations for the first title win in 2011-12. Just days before the takeover, Vincent Kompany and Pablo Zabaleta were signed. The duo would form part of the core of the team for the next decade. Express Sport takes a look at the players who arrived on the blue side of Manchester over the coming months. Robinho Brazilian winger Robinho was Sheikh Mansour’s headline signing. Despite some widespread myths that the former Real Madrid star thought he was signing for neighbouring United, Robinho was the first major star to be taken in by the project at the Etihad Stadium. Although largely regarded as a flop after his £30m arrival, Robinho managed a decent record of 16 goals and 12 assists in 53 appearances. He was the first in a long line of world-class talent to step through the doors. JUST IN: Guardiola 'never wanted Haaland' as Man City transfer theory posed Nigel de Jong Although perhaps best remembered for his flying kung-fu kick on Xabi Alonso in the 2010 World Cup Final, Nigel de Jong was one of the best defensive midfielders at the time. His January arrival from Hamburg improved City’s midfield. Like Robinho, Netherlands star De Jong made just 53 appearances for City following his £18m move. He is one of few players on this list who would fit seamlessly into Pep Guardiola’s team 14 years on, slotting into the holding midfield position and competing with Rodri and Kalvin Phillips. Craig Bellamy City had gone all-in for Kaka in January 2009 but failed to prise the attacking midfielder from AC Milan. He would eventually go on to sign for Real Madrid later that year. As part of a big-spending January spree, the Etihad Stadium hierarchy turned to experienced winger Craig Bellamy. Then aged 29, the Welshman added a tenacity to the City team following his arrival from West Ham. Bellamy scored a memorable double in a Manchester derby and contributed some other important goals. He scored 15 times and provided 15 assists in 51 games. DON'T MISS...Pep Guardiola could make five moves if he leaves Man CityKylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi 'push' for Man City star to join PSGArsenal icon Arsene Wenger mocked Man City over FFP rules Wayne Bridge Having spent much of his career as Ashley Cole’s deputy for Chelsea and England, Wayne Bridge decided to move to City for regular football. But the left-back was one of the more underwhelming arrivals of that January spree. Bridge signed in a £12m but soon became deadwood at the club. Despite only making 42 appearances, he remained at City until 2013 and embarked on a series of loan spells. He retired in 2014 after a season at Reading. Shay Given Irish goalkeeper Shay Given enjoyed a nomadic career but was the man entrusted with being the first No 1 of the Abu Dhabi era. Given was signed from Newcastle for just £7m and proved a dependable choice under Mark Hughes and Roberto Mancini. The shot-stopper soon passed the baton onto Joe Hart and signed for Aston Villa the summer before City’s first Premier League title win. He was the longest-serving of the initial set of arrivals in terms of games played, featuring 69 times. Gunnar Nielsen Gunnar Nielsen was signed as a back-up to Given, with City light in the goalkeeping department having sent Hart on a series of loans. The Faroese star played just 17 minutes in a Premier League games against Arsenal.