Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia are style icons in their own right but are often compared as they have similar approaches to fashion, even owning some of the same items. Daena Borrowman, marketing manager at jewellerybox, told Express.co.uk: "Queen Letizia of Spain and Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex share a very similar fashion sense. "They both tend to gravitate towards everything business chic, and look their best in shirt dresses, power suits, belted coats and pointy stiletto pumps. "Meghan and Letizia have both wowed in a lambskin Hugo Boss red leather skirt. "Though both women styled their skirts differently, it was arguably a winning look for them both." READ MORE: Meghan Markle: Why clothes may not 'look as good as they could' Like the style twins they are, Meghan and Letizia stepped out in the same stunning Hugo Boss skirt literally 24 hours apart. Meghan looked ravishing on October 25, 2019 as she attended a Roundtable Discussion on Gender Equality with The Queens Commonwealth Trust in Windsor. The piece was the Selrita Leather Pencil Skirt which is unfortunately no longer available online. However, it was reportedly retailed at £369. The skirt was form fitting and boasted a cinched in waist which accentuated the Duchess' fabulous physique. She paired this with a thin burgundy jumper, complete with a plunging V-neckline, tucked into the skirt. Tying together the ensemble perfectly, Meghan opted for suede, pointed-toe pumps, also in burgundy. As for accessories, Meghan went for a very minimal look with a simple bracelet and pair of stud earrings, going sans necklace. She pulled her hair into a chic chignon, leaving two tendrils on either side of her face for a framing effect. READ MORE: Meghan's fashion choice that Princess Diana would avoid - pictures Makeup was dewy and classic, complete with a touch of bronzer and highlighter, nude-brown lipstick and black mascara. But Meghan was not the first royal to step out in the Hugo Boss skirt. In fact, Spanish Queen Letizia wowed in the piece just 24 hours before. Letizia stepped out in Seoul, South Korea on October 24, 2019 when she visited the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency. She looked just as stunning as Meghan in the skirt, however she accessorised it very differently. Rather than going for a tonal look, Letizia opted for a white blouse, tucked into the skirt to highlight her slim waist. The white blouse was classy and chic, with a gorgeous floral appliqué detail just at the elbows. Like Meghan, Letizia opted for colour-matched shoes, a pair of patent burgundy pumps. She also carried a clutch in exactly the same colour. In true Letizia fashion, she also matched her earrings to her outfit. These were silver with a ruby pendant. Letizia went for a pink lip and shimmer of red eyeshadow, as well as a touch of bronzer on top of some dewy foundation. Her beautiful brunette locks were worn down, flicked out at the ends and with a youthful side parting.