Kylian Mbappe has been tipped to shelve his interest in joining Real Madrid in order to appease his mother by signing for Liverpool, who he has spoken to before, if he leaves Paris Saint-Germain not-too-distant future. Mbappe recently signed a new deal at the Parc des Princes but has been linked with a move elsewhere at the end of the season, with a clause in his contract reportedly allowing him to leave on a free transfer in the summer of 2024. It was recently claimed by L'Equipe that Mbappe could decide to seek a new challenge at the end of next season, which could see PSG consider the possibility of selling him later this year to avoid seeing him walk away for nothing further down the line. The door would reportedly be open for Mbappe in the summer if he fails to extend his stay in the French capital before then, with PSG desperate to recoup a fee in the event of his departure.Mbappe has long been linked with a move to Real Madrid due to his love for the club from a young age and nearly moved to the Bernabeu back in 2021, when the Spanish giants were said to have seen a world-record bid turned down by PSG. They are still believed to be keen on snapping him up if the opportunity arises, though, and the interest would likely be mutual if Mbappe decides on a change of scenery in the near future.However, it remains to be seen whether this would clash with his mother's view on the situation as she is said to be a big fan of Liverpool. Mbappe revealed her admiration for the club in an interview with The Telegraph last year, in which he also admitted that a previous meeting had taken place with the Reds to discuss a potential switch to Merseyside while he was still at Monaco. JUST IN: Benni McCarthy's 'eyes popped out of his head' in Red Light district "We talked a little bit, but not too much," said the PSG marksman when quizzed on Liverpool. "I talked to Liverpool because it’s the favourite club of my mum, my mum loves Liverpool. I don’t know why, you will have to ask her! It’s a good club and we met them five years ago. When I was in Monaco I met them. It’s a big club."It remains to be seen whether Mbappe's mother will be able to persuade him to join Liverpool if he leaves PSG at the end of the season, with former Reds ace Djibril Cisse having suggested that her support might just be the deciding factor when it comes to picking between Anfield and the Bernabeu. "I really, really want to see Kylian Mbappe at Liverpool," Cisse told Ladbrokes FanZone. "I would love to see him at Anfield. In this team, he'd cause so much damage. I know that his mother loves Liverpool but the boy loves Real Madrid, so who knows where he will end up."But I want to dream about seeing him at Liverpool... and they say mothers are never usually wrong, so maybe we'll see him in a Liverpool shirt soon!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.