Whether you’re looking to lose weight, learn how your body works or reshape your fitness goals, Bio-Synergy claims “understanding your DNA will give the information that you need to make it happen”. The brand sent me a DNA Testing Kit back in December to complete, and after a couple of months, my results were inputted into an app. The app then allowed me to look in-depth at my health insights, as well as create a tailored diet and fitness programme to help me achieve my goals. But is this approach better than a traditional diet and fitness programme you can obtain from a personal trainer? I put it to the test. Bio-Synergy says its DNA testing kit is “the most comprehensive DNA test in the world”, and allows you to “understand everything your genes can tell you about your health, athleticism, health risks diet and nutrition and much more”. The product description continues: “In less than 21 days you will receive a personalised genetic report covering 20 different categories, all about you.” The DNA Testing Kit is priced at £149, the app is free and can only be used with the DNA test. Price - £149 as a one-off payment is steep, but there are no ongoing fees and all the content on the app is free for life. That means, if you want to change your diet or fitness goals, these can be adjusted at no extra cost. The content also remains on your profile forever. Easy to complete - the test arrives in beautiful packaging and is really easy to complete; simply spit into the tube until you reach the line, screw on the lid and return it after scanning the barcode to connect it to your profile on the app. READ MORE: James Martin enjoys treats 'with the crew' while keeping weight off Long waiting times - the website says you should receive a report “in less than 21 days”, but it took a couple of weeks for the test to arrive, and then longer than 21 days from when I posted it back for the report to come through. Whilst there were postal strikes and the Christmas period to take into account, if you’re paying £149, express turnaround time should be provided. The results - I knew a lot of what my report revealed; I am a healthy, active 27-year-old with no underlying or upcoming health conditions. Many of my responses were “slight” or “normal”. The only interesting facts were related to sugar in my diet and calorie deficits. As someone with a sweet tooth, I was not surprised to learn my sugar response was “increased” and my genetics link me “to a higher level of fat gain from consuming too much sugar”. The DNA results also revealed a “negative to health” response to yo/yo dieting. The app explained I had a "genetic profile associated with an increased risk for weight regain, which means that you WILL gain excess weight and fat quicker after reintroducing calories from a deficit”. Glitchy app - If you pay £149 for the test that is said to be “the most comprehensive in the world”, you expect an app of the same high standard. Unfortunately, the app can be slow to load content, there are several spelling mistakes, and some of the images and videos don’t load correctly. For example, the video that was meant to show how to perform dumbbell flys or cable is a personal trainer doing a push-up. DON'T MISS...Makeup artist shares eye makeup mistake women 40+ should avoid [VIDEO]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [EXCLUSIVE]Moment ‘besotted’ Harry ‘cringes’ at Meghan in Netflix series - claim [COMMENT] Meal options - Within the app, there is a Meal Guide you can personalise; allergies, diets (eg vegetarian) how many calories you want to eat daily, and how many meals you want these calories to be split into. A random selection of meals is then added to a seven-day meal plan, and these can be swapped around or changed. I intermittently fast (eat between the hours of 12pm and 8pm every day), so chose two meals a day, but the options weren’t always consistent. Some days I was given breakfast and lunch options, other days lunch and dinner. As for what the app suggested I eat; there were some unusual choices, and most days, the NHS' recommended five portions of fruit and vegetables wasn’t consumed. A week’s worth of meal options: Monday: (Breakfast) Buckwheat groats with honey and cinnamon, (lunch) jacket potato with cottage cheese carrot and salad Tuesday: (Breakfast) Blackberry and raspberry smoothie and (lunch) peppers with a lentil and salami filling. Wednesday: (Breakfast) omelette with ham, avocado and almonds, and (dinner) vegetarian shepherd’s pie made with lentils. Thursday: (Breakfast) spinach scrambled eggs, (lunch) rye bread with peanut butter and bananas. Friday: Quiona Fruhsuck with almond drink, blueberries and hazelnuts, (lunch) beetroot pasta with chia seeds and ricotta. Saturday: (Breakfast) homemade granola with dates and pumpkin seeds, (dinner) fish wellington with monkfish in a pastry crust and pesto rosso. Sunday: (Breakfast) vegan oat and nut granola with blueberry pulp, (lunch) chilli frittata with cod fillets. READ MORE: Woman shed 5st with diet that also improves hair, nails and wrinkles Training plan - In this section, you can generate a workout plan tailored to the DNA results, as well as see what strength and conditioning exercises are recommended. There are several subsections; workout plan, warm up and cool down, injury prevention, lower body injury prevention, and whole body home injury prevention. You choose your current level of fitness, your goals (eg weight loss, strength) and how many times you want to exercise a week, and for how long. I opted for four sessions a week, each being 45-60 minutes, and most of the exercises generated for me targeted abs, with one session suggesting I only do two sets of sit-ups. Session 1: Sit-up (2 x max to fail), Crunch (2 x max to fail), Lay leg raise (2 x max to fail), Twist and crunch (2 x max to fail). Session 2: Back Squat Barbell (4 sets), Plank standard (2 x max to fail), Plank push-up position (2 x max to fail), Mountain climbers (2 x max to fail). Session 3: Flat Bench Barbell (4 sets), Push-up (2 x max to fail), Shoulder Press Dumbbell (4 sets), Flys Dumbbell or cable (3 sets), Sit-up (2 x max to fail), Crunch (2 x max to fail), Lay Leg Raise (2 x max to fail), Twist and crunch (2 x max to fail). Session 4: Sit-up (2 x max to fail). In short, no. I think with a lot of tweaking, the DNA Testing Kit and app combined could be a great option for anyone 40 years old and above; for those who need an insight into their health, to better understand how they approach diet and fitness. But, with long waits for the results, a difficult-to-navigate app, and a questionable meal and training plan, £149 is a lot of money, even if it’s a one-off payment. The DNA Testing Kit alone would be a good product, but you can get DNA testing done through private healthcare clinics. Is the DNA Testing Kit and App better than a personalised diet and fitness plan from a personal trainer? No. Bio-Synergy’s DNA Testing Kit can be purchased for £149 from Selfridges, Very, Curry’s, Debenhams, Wiggle, and other leading stores, as well as directly from Bio-Synergy direct. There are no ongoing fees and all content is free for life after the initial payment.