Resilient gardening expert, Kim Stoddart, who is the co-author of the newly published The Climate Change Garden book by Quarto, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “As thoughts turn to the growing season ahead and how much all the materials we need to buy are going to set us back, it’s great to realise that there are many potential plants for free hidden in your average supermarket shop. “Learning how to turn what are effectively waste items into lovely plants and edibles is a way of taking some control back in our somewhat crazy world, and having some thrifty home grown adventures in February in the process. “No matter the weather outside, these are very fun but fruitful indoor growing projects at this time of year with some lovely, exotic houseplants as the result.” To grow a pineapple at home, gently hold the fruit with one hand and twist the crown with the green leaves with the other hand until the top slowly comes out. Kim said it’s then just a case of removing the lower layers of leaves, around five layers, to unveil a stem which makes it so much easier for the pineapple to produce roots. READ MORE: Houseplant expert shares 4 crucial jobs to ensure ‘happy’ plants now The gardening expert added: “Once done, place your pineapple crown in some peat-free multipurpose potting compost so the leaves are flush to the surface. “Press down to secure the cutting in place and water the soil as well as through the leaves on top of the pineapple. The plant needs to be kept somewhere as sunny and warm as possible so choose the best position in your home.” According to the pro, avocado plants are “easy” to grow from the leftover stone once you have finished the fruit. Avocado shells can also be placed into the compost, which means there will be no waste from this fruit. DON'T MISS:‘Simplest’ and ‘most effective’ garden addition to ‘boost’ house price [COMMENT]DIY expert shares the ‘correct’ order to paint a room [INSIGHT]Seven laundry ‘myths’ which could be ruining your clothes [EXPERT] Kim explained: “Please do forget the instructions of balancing the stone precariously over a glass of water with toothpicks and changing the water every day, it’s totally unnecessary. “I have had avocado stones germinating in the compost heap before. To coax the germination of the stone, you can give them a little bash on the kitchen worktop or slice gently with a knife the surface of the outer shell which houses the seed within. “Not essential, it just helps the seed break through. Then, place your avocado plant in moist multipurpose compost just below the surface in a sunny position.” Gardeners should cover the pot with clingfilm to begin with to help humidity and germination. READ MORE: Nine ‘illegal’ plants which could be in your garden - avoid fines 3. Chilli Kim continued: “Store bought chillies come in all sorts of existing shapes, sizes and sizzling temperatures and the seed within can realistically be dried and grown on from. “A pop to your local Asian supermarket could open up the opportunity for lots more varieties and any bagged dried chillies are also well worth a grow.” Lemongrass is another great food item to grow and can be used in all sorts of foods and beverages as a flavouring, including in herbal teas. To grow lemongrass at home, take a few stalks and place them in a clean glass of water on a sunny windowsill. Kim recommended changing the water around once a week, watching for when the roots start to emerge. The expert said: “When the roots are roughly half an inch long, they can be planted out into pots inside the home. “During the summer months they will happily thrive outdoors, before returning to safer, uncover shelter over winter. You can expect to harvest your first few stalks late in the same year.” Both ginger and turmeric can make great additions to meals including curries as well as beverages. Kim suggested placing them in a clear plastic sandwich bag in a light sunny spot, ideally above or near a radiator to encourage the humidity needed within the bag. The gardening expert explained: “You can cut the roots into segments about an inch or two each or just place them in whole to see where they germinate first. Turmeric will take longer in my experience but it’s worth waiting for. When they have produced stems about an inch in length, it is time to plant them out in multipurpose compost just below the surface of the soil. “At this time of year I’d recommend covering your pot with a sandwich bag or clingfilm to boost that all important temperature for your lovely ginger and turmeric plants to be. They are best kept indoors as houseplants until the summer and you can expect to be able to harvest some lovely home grown roots come autumn, magic.” Kim is an award winning environmental journalist who has been writing about climate change and resilience since 2013. She is editor of The Organic Way magazine and co-author of the new The Climate Change Garden book, and runs a range of resilient grow your own courses in person and online around the UK.