  Sort Your Life Out host Stacey Solomon, 33, was feeling “very emotional” today, even joking that a “piece of toast could set her off”. The former X Factor finalist was over the moon to see her children cuddle up to baby Belle, who was born three days ago.     The Loose Women star took to Instagram to share some adorable family updates with her 5.5. Million followers this Valentine’s Day. This evening, she posted a sweet black and white picture of her son Zachery, 14, holding baby Belle. “So emotional tonight. Happy emotional, but honestly a slice of toast could set me off atm,” she captioned the snap with a laughing emoji. “Hope you’re all ok. Lots of love from me, Belle and Zachary keeping me company on tonight’s feed.” READ MORE: Jennie Bond puts on ageless display in jaw-dropping swimsuit snap     Stacey is married to her I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! co-star Joe Swash, 40, with whom she shares three children. The couple were already parents to one-year-old daughter Rose and son Rex, three, before little Belle came along. Stacey also shares son Leighton, 10, with ex-partner Aaron Barham, and eldest child Zachery with her other ex Dean Cox. Meanwhile, Joe is a father to son Harry, 15, whom he shares with his ex-fiancée Emma Sophocleous.      Last night, the star posted a sweet video of her son Rex bonding with his new sister. “She loves me,” he told his mum happily, as Stacey confirms: “She loves you, darling! She absolutely loves you.” “I think she’s going to sleep on me,” he announced, as Stacey agreed, adding: “She’s so happy!” Another cute picture this morning showed Belle cuddling up to big sister Rose as they both wore adorable matching heart-patterned onesies. READ MORE... Dan Walker's biggest Valentine’s Day mistake with rarely seen wife [NEWS] Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [NEWS] Phillip Schofield jokes 'shut your face' after Holly age probe [INSIGHT]       “Happy Valentine’s Day everyone,” Stacey wrote. “Rose is so in love with her little sister… “I’m trying to make a montage of when they first met because I could watch it over and over forever and ever. “As soon as I finish putting it together I’ll show you,” she added with a tearful emoji. Another sweet snap showed Belle gripping her mother’s thumb as she napped peacefully.      “I just can’t - my heart,” Stacey captioned the photo with another tearful emoji, “If I could bottle her smell!” Stacey also gave an insight into how she was spending the day with husband Joe, who could be seen busy at work in the kitchen. “My valentine feeding my udders up,” Stacey joked with a laughing emoji. “The beetroot and beige clothes is giving me the fear. My Valentine making me a beetroot salad.” “My Valentine, keeping my supply going,” Stacey could be heard saying in the video, to which Joe replied: “Keeping those udders full.” Stacey burst out laughing, before adding: “I really want you to get some beetroot on your beige tracksuit.” The pair then had a little squabble about the outfit before wishing each other a Happy Valentine’s Day.   