When the conditions are right, mould can grow quickly - sometimes within 24 to 48 hours - and can form anywhere in your home. Aside from the bathroom, a bedroom is one of the most common places mould is found. Recently, as the windows in my spare room have not been opened regularly and with condensation building up on them, mould has started to gather around the rubber seal. This not only makes the window look unsightly but can cause dangerous health problems. After hearing that baking soda can be used to remedy it, I knew I had to put it to the test. Mould on window frames is one of the common places to find it in a home. This is because windows are relatively colder compared to the rest of the room leading to condensation forming on the window pane. Water running down window glass is a very common sight in bedrooms first thing in the morning. The mould will typically be found on the frame around the glass and it seems to love the rubber seals around uPVC. I wanted to get rid of it immediately, but before reaching for harsh chemicals I wanted to see if there was a natural way to remove the mould - that’s where baking soda comes in. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn limescale from my kettle From removing clothing stains to dissolving limescale, baking soda has a multitude of uses around the house - including black mould removal. Baking soda has a pH of around eight to nine, too high for mould to thrive, meaning it should serve as a great remedy. Of all the things I’ve tested baking soda on so far, this was the least likely hack I thought would work, but decided to give it a go as it would become my go-to mould removing method if it worked. To begin I added a two to one ratio of baking soda to water to a container and mixed it together using an old toothbrush. DON'T MISS4p kitchen staple to clean your ‘entire’ washing machine in 5 minutes [TIPS]Five paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [EXPERT]5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [INSIGHT] I used two quarter cups of baking soda and one quarter cup of water. If the paste is too thick, more water can be added and if it is too runny more baking soda should be used. I used Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda which retails for £1 at Home Bargains, but can also be purchased from Ocado and Robert Dyas for £2.50. It’s worth noting that any baking soda can be used for this cleaning method. Supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda sell baking soda for only 65p. After the paste was made I used the toothbrush to apply it to the rubber seal of my window frame making sure to not miss a spot in order to give this hack the best chance of working. READ MORE: 3 reasons for homes benefitting from dehumidifiers ‘all year round’ Once the paste was applied to the rubber window seal, I left it for 10 minutes to sit on the surface. This was important as it gave the baking soda paste time to sink into the mould and make it easier to remove. After 10 minutes I used the toothbrush to begin scrubbing the paste over the seal, but making sure not to scrub too harshly. As soon as I started to scrub I noticed that the white paste was turning a greyish/black colour, meaning that the baking soda was removing the mould from the area. After less than a minute of scrubbing, I could see that the mould was in fact lifting from around the window and it was being restored back to how it previously looked. The area took me less than two minutes to clean. I couldn’t believe how well the baking soda had worked. This will certainly be replacing my mould removal spray when it comes to removing mould in small areas. After scrubbing the seal, I used a damp microfibre cloth to wipe away the dirt and the remaining baking soda paste. For really tough and larger areas of black mould removal, households should look to replace the water used in the paste with white vinegar. White vinegar is a mildly acidic product that can kill 82 percent of mould species, including black mould, on porous and non-porous surfaces, so it’ll provide an extra boost when combined with baking soda.