The Super Bowl is here and it's expected to be a classic, with the Kansas City Chiefs facing the Philadelphia Eagles in Arizona. It's the biggest game of the NFL season and one of the biggest sporting events in the world, but some punters will be keeping an eye on very unique events throughout the night. The American Gaming Association is expecting a record amount of bets on the Super Bowl on Sunday, and with so many niche markets available there could be some strange winners. Long gone are the days where fans simply bet on the outcome of a game, as the modern day Super Bowl allows you to bet on pretty much anything. Betting will even be in play during Rihanna's half-time show, and some markets will even cover events before and after the game. It's become a tradition to lay money on some bizarre bets when the Super Bowl comes around, and the AGA are expecting between $800million and $1billion to be wagered in America alone. Here, Express Sport brings you ten of the strangest things available for NFL fans to bet on, even involving Rihanna herself. Yes, you can bet on what colour dress Rihanna will be wearing at the start of her half-time show, and that's not the end of it. Not only can you pick what colour you expect the singer to walk out in, you can bet on how many outfit changes she will make during the performance (if any). Previous years have also seen punters able to bet on accessories such as hats, earrings or shoes, and it's likely with Rihanna there will be an umbrella bet out there somewhere. Unless that's not enough, you can also bet on the colour of Rihanna's hair. Sticking strictly to music, you can bet on what songs Rihanna will sing during her highly anticipated half-time show. With so many hits there will surely be some notable omissions, but some will surely be bankers. For those feeling more ambitious, you can bet on the first and last songs of the set too. The singer of the hugely successful hit 'Tennessee Whiskey' will be performing the American national anthem this year, and you can even bet on the length of his performance. The average length of the anthem is set at 2:05, and you can wager on whether Stapleton will go over that, or get it done in quick time. The most recent country singer to perform the anthem at the Super Bowl finished after 2:16, and Stapleton is tipped to record a similar time. He's known for taking his time, but for the anthem, who knows?  Pouring the remains of the team Gatorade over the winning coach has become a tradition, and so has betting on what colour it will be. Blue has been the most frequent since 2015, and amazingly since 2001, red has never been used. That could potentially change should the Chiefs win, but the last time they won in 2019 they went for orange. Champions Los Angeles Rams showered Sean McVay in blue last year.  Drake is a known gambler on the biggest events, and even staked $1.1m on the Chiefs to beat the Cincinnati Bengals in the AFC Championship game. And he's already put his money down on Kansas City for the big game with nearly a million dollars on the line. Before his bet emerged, you could even bet on who Drake will back. Those who said the Chiefs will be laughing already. It's been well documented that an advert in the Super Bowl is as expensive as it gets, with companies well aware that their products will get maximum attention with so many watching. But this also leads to a rivalry, with brands such as Pringles and Doritos fighting for sales during the big game. You can actually bet on what ads will be shown first in specific rivalries, from Budweiser v Heineken to Dominos v Papa Johns. Super Bowl commercials were billed at over $7m in 2022, and continue to rise. This one is pretty straight forward, but you can even bet on the result of the pre-match coin toss. For a 50/50 flip, it's been pretty close in recent years, with tails taking it 5-4 over the past nine Super Bowl's. Now that Tom Brady has retired, he's the talk of the NFL. After an incredible 23-year career that's only fair, especially as he's the greatest to ever play the game. Seeing as Brady retired after the Championship games, this will be the first opportunity for broadcasters to speak about his decision and look back on his incredible career. And you can bet on how many times Brady will be mentioned. While brother Patrick is out on the field throwing dimes, Jackson Mahomes is known for his social media presence. Jackson regularly attends Chiefs games to support his brother, but doesn't just watch from the stands. Jackson has posted many TikTok's from the side of the field, seen dancing and fooling around regularly. The Super Bowl is the biggest of them all, and you can bet on how many videos he will post during the event. For football fans, the Super Bowl is the ticket that everyone wants. And with the event being extremely exclusive, many high-profile celebrities make an appearance. You can bet on what celebrities will be shown in the crowd during the coverage, with Justin and Hailey Bieber, Olivia Rodrigo, and Beyonce and Jay-Z some of the winning picks from last year. You can also bet on how many times NFL commissioner Roger Goodell will be shown too.