John Lydon, 67, admitted he doesn’t see how he could live without his beloved wife, Nora Forster. The Sex Pistols legend became a full-time carer for his partner in 2018 after she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's. In a new interview, John opened up about his wife’s diagnosis and what it meant for him and their life together. About his care duties, John said: "It's shaped me into what I am. “I don't think I'll ever get over it. I don't see how I can live without her. “I wouldn't want to. There's no point." John, also known as Johnny Rotten, said. The musician continued as he spoke to The Sunday Times: “And, I'm sorry, but it's worth every moment. “No joy comes without pain and, boy, do I know that now." Earlier this year, John joined Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Ed Balls to discuss the heartbreaking reason behind his Eurovision song bid. John is competing to represent Ireland in the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest, while looking after his wife's health. After being teased by Susanna over the fact he has never seen the contest, John went on to discuss the reason he wanted to compete in the singing competition. He explained: "This TV show in Ireland has nominated me out of some 200 contestants with this song to go forward into the Eurovision. "I would have to be voted from this show before I actually got into the Eurovision but win lose or draw, I am bringing awareness to Alzheimer's, that is a win and a win and a win. "Because it is such a debilitating thing to watch my wife suffer and have to go through, so you know, more power to the Irish for giving me the respect here. DON'T MISSAshley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [PICTURES]Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith after BRITs appearance distracts viewers [NEWS]Hollywood icon Raquel Welch dies at 82 following 'brief illness' [LATEST] "It brings tears to my eyes just thinking about performing it live because I will be away from here but I have got to do that." Seeing how emotional John was feeling, Susanna asked: "Oh John, tell us about Nora because whatever happens, whether you secure the nomination to perform, you have already won. "This song is beautiful and I know that it makes you very emotional, the process of writing it, tell us about your wife. "You are her carer, she has suffered from dementia with Alzheimer's for years, you have a very special bond though don't you." John explained: "Well we have been together some 45 years, yes. “We are relentless, this is as I say in the song, all journeys end and some begin again. "But this is the beginning of a new journey with her." John and his band Public Image PiL entered the song Hawaii, which the singer admitted was a "love letter" to Nora.