Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has been faced with criticism in the last few months since he spoke out against Meghan Markle, leading the Clarkson's Farm host to release an apology. The Grand Tour host has now taken to his most recent column to share an update on his journey with the Ozempic weight loss drug. However, not all has been going to plan as Jeremy accidentally injected himself with tooth whitening solution. Jeremy spoke about this experience with Ozempic earlier this month, and wanted to take the "magic drug" to shrink his "giant gut". The Grand Tour host joked although there were "no side effects" there were "no effects either". As a result, he admits he still "winces" at the scales every morning as he continues to show no weight loss. Jeremy wrote in his Sun column: "So my doctor upped the dose and sent a prescription to Lisa, my girlfriend, who picked up the drugs from the chemist and put them in the fridge. READ MORE: Penny Lancaster wows on her and Rod Stewart's lookalike son's birthday "The next morning, I found four hypodermic syringes in there and figuring this was it, I pulled down my jeans and stuck the needle into my leg. But the plunger wouldn't work for some reason. "So I found my spectacles and sat down to read the instructions. "Which said that the syringe was full of a tooth whitening solution." Jeremy admitted he started to take the weight loss after fears he could get type 2 diabetes, an illness he had only recently begun to worry about. However, on social media, the presenter's celebration of the drug has sparked much debate, with many criticising Jeremy for using medication to aid his weight loss. Columnist Grant Feller wrote on Twitter: "For all those diabetics struggling to find one of the medicines keeping you alive, here’s why: people like Jeremy Clarkson are buying it to lose weight #Ozempic." Social media user Gkjowett said: "It does not have approval as a weight loss drug and FDA approval only for treating type 2 diabetes - not ‘warding it off’. "@JeremyClarkson is being incredibly irresponsible in publicising it. If approved in the U.K. for type 2, it would be free, as all diabetic medication is." DON'T MISS... Madonna defies critics in lace bralet while looking younger than ever [PICS] Joan Collins looks glamorous as ever as she cosies up to Percy [HOLLYWOOD] Leonardo DiCaprio and Gigi Hadid call off 'fizzled' romance [INSIGHT]  The drug semaglutide, which is also branded as Wegovy, is available on the NHS as a weight-loss drug after a watchdog approved its use last year. According to The Guardian, the drug is approved for adults with "at least one weight-related condition, such as obstructive sleep apnoea or heart disease, and a body mass body index (BMI) of at least 35". The debate over Jeremy's use of the weight loss drug comes after his controversial column in The Sun where he made disparaging comments directed to Meghan Markle. On 16 January, the presenter shared a lengthy statement with his followers on Instagram, where he claimed to have emailed "Harry and Meghan in California to apologise to them too". He concluded the statement: "I really am sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. It’s a mea culpa with bells on." IPSO then announced at the start of this month they are launching an investigation into The Sun's column headlined: "One day, Harold the glove puppet will tell the truth about A Woman Talking B*****ks." The column, by Jeremy Clarkson, was also published online on thesun.co.uk and later removed. They are looking into breaches of Clause 1 (Accuracy), Clause 3 (Harassment) and Clause 13 (Discrimination). In total, IPSO received more than 25,100 complaints from members of the public about this article.