Two men have been arrested at Heathrow Airport in connection with terrorism offences. The men, aged 30 and 66, have been detained at the flights hub under Schedule 7 of the Terrorism Act 2000.   The men, aged 30 and 66, were scheduled to board a plane leaving the UK but were detained at the airport on Thursday. West Midlands Police said in a brief statement: "An address in Birmingham is due to be searched. "They have been arrested under section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006 on suspicion of the commission, preparation and instigation of terrorism. "They were transported to a police station in the West Midlands to be questioned."   This week saw London Heathrow record its busiest start of the year since before the pandemic, according to its boss John Holland-Kaye. The UK's busiest airport revealed more than 5.4 million passengers travelled through Heathrow in January, reaching levels not seen since the start of 2020. It comes as UK airports were hit with severe disruption in the run-up to Christmas as Border Force staff staged strike action in December. Heathrow said on Monday it had "successfully managed" the strike action, having previously made assurances it was operating normally with minimal queuing in immigration halls throughout the strike days.  It said plans for eGates for children aged 10 and 11 will be trialed in Terminal 5 over half term, saying such a move helps to bring about "smooth and seamless journeys". Heathrow's overall passenger satisfaction scores are now at or above pre-pandemic levels, the airport also announced. In January, 97 percent of passengers waited less than 10 minutes for security, according to Heathrow. It follows a summer of major disruption for airports as the aviation sector struggled to cope with staff shortages and travellers were met with sudden flight cancellations and severe delays.  Heathrow hailed a strong half-term travel period, assuring the airport is well equipped to manage the influx in families enjoying getaways. Mr Holland-Kaye said: "Heathrow is back to its best, with passenger satisfaction scores meeting or exceeding 2019 levels. "We are giving a warm welcome to families over the half-term getaway by delivering excellent service and bringing back the magic of travel." The airport said it is supportive of airlines British Airways and Virgin Atlantic restarting ticket sales to China, "reopening a key market for British exports once more".  Businesses and investors have reacted positively to China reopening its borders this year as the world's largest economy revealed it is developing a path out of its strict "zero Covid" policy. Mr Holland-Kaye delivered the update ahead of his standing down from the chief executive role this year. He has been in post for nine years and is set to remain until Heathrow appoints a successor. 